512 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, AUGUST .16, 1900. sigrAny one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend.' Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE true test of loyalty is not adherence to any party, but to principle. The real patriot is the man who loves justice more than he does himself. WRITING of the Old-World outlook, from the standpoint of the Chinese embroglio, Julian Haw-thorne asks, in the Chicago American of the first in-stant: " Is not this the beginning of a cataclysm which may destroy the world as we have known it, and erect upon its ruins a new world whose nature no imagination is bold enough to forecast?" THE SENTINEL proposes to treat every man with the respect to which men are entitled because they are men. .We-must of necessity'quote the sayings of men and must name individualS. But while doing this, and while making such comment as seems to us meet, we shall not intentionally speak disrespect-fully or slightingly of any man nor of any people. It is for this reason that we say Thomas Paine, not " Tom " Paine; Colonel Ingersoll, not " Bob " Inger-soll; Doctor Dowie, not " Dr." Dowie. It is true that two of these men were unbelievers and the other does not believe as we do; but it is just as true that we do not believe as he does; and, inasmuch as he is several years older than any man connected with this paper, it is not improbable that he began to believe as he does before we began to believe as we do. Of course we would be glad to be able to convince him of what we firmly believe to be his error, but we must recognize the fact that before God he has just the same right to his faith that we have to ours. We don't believe in the liberality that holds that it makes no difference what one believes. It does. Every man ought to believe the truth as it is in Christ Jesus. But while this is true, we do admire  the liberality that can recognize the worth ofŠMan-hood wherever it exists, and that while intolerant of error -is never intolerant of -men. The late John Clark Ridpath was a Methodist and a delegate to the quadrennial conference of 1888; but such was Dr. Ridpath's nobility of mind and liberality of, thought, that he and the late Colonel,  Ingersoll were warm personal friends. If there Were more liberal-minded men like Dr. Ridpath would there not be fewer unbelieving men like Colonel Ingersoll? " FRICTION between the Vatican and Washington " is reported from London. The cause of the fric-tion is that the Filipino demand " that the present Spanish clergy be expelled from the Philippines, and their property confiscated, has not been rejected with indignation" by the Washington authorities. Doubtless this Government has an immense problem on hand in the settlement of the question of church property rights in the Philippines. There are vast possibilities in it, just as there were in the Edict of Milan ordering the restoration to "the whole body of Christians" of the church property confiscated by order of Diocletian. , That edict of Milan, just as it was, resulted in less than four years in the full official recognition by the Roman Empire 'of the .Roman Catholic Chuich as the Christian church; and' each step in the whole transaction from beginning to end seemed to be absolutely necessary. EVERYWHERE the advocates of " religion and the state," which is only another name for church and state, are active in promulgating their doctrines. The friends of liberty of conscience ought to be doubly active. EVERY lover of soul-liberty ought to be a mem-ber of the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIB-ERTY ASSOCIATION;, but especially is this true of every reader of THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. " The object of the Association is to promulgate the- principles of LIBERTY, Christian and Constitu- ti onl.!' Certainly this is a- work- in which every Christian should cooperate. If you are not -a mem-ber of the Association, will you not send one dol- lar at once to .the secretary, H. E. Osborne, 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago; and ask, him to enroll your name; and send you a certificate of member-ship? The Association needs your help, and you need the benefit of the Association. 