132 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. organization. It will be seen at once that it is formed on a basis to gather in all who can be led to believe in Sunday legisla-tion. And their plan, of course, is to get the best class of citizens worked into it. Their intentions may be good, but their object is too narrow, and will; in the end, lead to bad results. To simply close saloons on Sunday would give a sanction to the accursed traffic in rum by virtually saying to men;  " If you only keep from the saloon on Sunday, it is all right to go there on other days." And the closing of factories, shops, stores, etc., on Sunday, has more to it for Chicago than one might, at first glance, see. Our large cities are considered to be the rendezvous for an-archists, and other discontented persons that are ever watching for an opportunity to do mischief. Chicago surely has its share of this element. These persons have no regard at all for Sunday as a day of sacred rest. And in fact the News, in re-porting a speech recently delivered in Chicago stated that the anarchists are atheists almost to a man. It is also true of a great majority of the wage earners, that they are skeptical in regard to the Bible and also the claims of Sunday sanctity. And if these persons should all be turned loose on Sunday without any reverence for the day they would plunge into debauchery that would huTrt them worse physically, and far worse morally, than for them to engage in honest toil. And the simple act of closing the saloons on Sunday would not stop them from having a supply of strong drink. For a man with any sense at all will be sharp enough to get his liquor the day before, when he knows the saloons are going to be closed on Sunday. Then the problem before us is like this : We see hundreds of men toiling every day in the week, and we know from actual contact with them that the great majority of them have no convictions of the sacred- ness of day. Then if we compel them by law to rest, we simply compel them to be idle and they are sure to be led into some kind of dissipation. For if a man takes no pleasure in the religious phase of the day, he will seek some means of en-joyment and that is sure to be in the line of sensual gratification and. will always injure him more than it would to work: But, say the Sunday-law advocates, if we would turn them looseŁ on Sundays, so they would not have to -Work, would they not attend church and thus become better? It might be well to reply by asking, Why do, they not attend church now on the Sundays that they are idle ? But in place of going to church, some of them meet for anarchist Sunday-school, where, in the place of the precepts of Christ being taught, the children are fired with the doctrines of anarchists. Then the more this class of people are compelled to be idle on Sunday the worse it is for all con-cerned- Would it not, then, be a wise plan  to spend the labor that is being used to secure Sunday laws, in the line of incul-cating some principles into this class which will lead them to love that which is right and good rather than to force them to be idle when they will use their idle time only for that which is bad ? The outcome of it would be, if a strict Sunday law should be enforced, that the class they are trying to help would only be rendered more free to do evil, and then the National Reformers would come to the rescue and ask for another law to compel them to go to church where they could get at them to teach them National Reform morality. This idea of Sunday closing and Sunday legislation seems to be striking all parts of the country as the great panacea for all our social ills, and the work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL is much needed to expose the danger of such would-be phi- lanthropy. A. 0. TAIT. Chicago, Illinois, April 8, 1890. -4. Sunday Slaves in a Quandary. THE local Sunday bill for the District of Columbia now before Congress, and re-ferred to the District Committe of the House, is entitled, " A bill to prevent per-sons from being forced to labor on Sun-day." If this is a consistent title, then the different sections of Chapter 36, on Crimes and Offenses, in the Revised Stat-utes of the District of Columbia, should have been variously entitled:Š An act to prevent persons from being forced to commit manslaughter, or assault with intent to kill, etc. An act to prevent persons from being forced to maliciously, willfully or fraud-ulently burn any dwelling house, etc. An act to prevent persons from Being forced to commit burglary, etc. An act to prevent persons from being forced to feloniously steal, take and carry away any goods or chattels, or other per-sonal property, etc. This would indeed be a statutory ac-knowledgement of the power of secondary causes, such as we have not yet seen; unless it should be referred to the ancient theory that the "king can do no wrong," and his prime minister therefore should be pun-ished; so, as in this country each voter is an individual sovereign, therefore their prime ministers should suffer for the crime which the sovereign people have been forced to commit. This is a very fine course of antique rea-soning, but, unfortunately for the consist-ency of the Sunday measure, the conclu-sion in the body of the bill is very different from the result which these premises would. warrant. The provisions of the bill itself, fix a penalty of not more than one-hundred dollars fine upon any person, or corporation, or employe of any person or corporation, who shall perform any secu- lar labor or business on Sunday, as wei, as upon the one who shall cause them to perform such labor. Hence it follows, that the sovereign people are not only de-throned, but enslaved, and are to be fined one hundred dollars, because of their en-slavement. This inconsistency, no doubt, was simply an oversight on the part of Mr. Breckinridge. He did not notice that he was framing his bill in such a manner as to fine the wrong man. He, of course, in-tended that the idea of the prevention of compulsory labor should be followed throughout, and the bill to read like this "A bill to prevent persons from being . forced to labor on Sunday. " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall be unlawful for any person, or cor-poration, or employe of any person or cor-poration in the District of Columbia, to force any person or corporation, or em-ploye of any corporation, in the District of Columbia, to perform any secular labor or business on Sunday; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation, to receive pay for the compulsory services of their employes, rendered in violation of this act." Whoever those persons are, who are be-ing forced to work seven days in a week, in the District of Columbia, they must be looking with some interest, to learn if this be the true form of the measure which Mr. Breckinridge intended to present. W. H. Mc KEE. - Refused State Aid. REV. J. G LEMEN is the founder and manager of an orphanage in Council Bluffs, Iowa, known as the Christian Home. Early in March Hon. J. K. Mc-Gavren, member of the Iowa Legislature from Harrison County, introduced a bill appropriating for this Home the sum of $5,000. This action was taken without consulting Mr. Lemen, who as soon as he was fully informed in 'regard to the bill wrote to its author as follows :Š HON. J. K. MCGAVREN,Š . Dear Sir: Yours of the 10th at hand. I heartily thank you, in the name of Christ and his helpless,  little ones, for what you did, considering the heart-motive that prompted you in the act. But, the more I have prayed and thought over the matter, the more I am convinced that it is not a matter that I desire pushed, for the following reasons:- 1. This is a work of faith. We desire to look to God and to him alone. 2. If we accept this aid, we help to set a prec-edent for all sorts of private and sectarian charities making a raid on the public treasury. This I be-lieve to be a bad precedent. If then, so believing, I lend my sanction to this, I do evil that good may come, which is wrong. I thank you again for the kindness of heart that prompted you to-introduce the bill in question, and I will always remember you with a grateful heart. I hope to meet you at the Home, and to ever have 