AMERICAN SENTINEL. 75 to pieces a poor, decrepit, bankrupt old state like Spain. To hold such an opinion as that is to abandon all Amer-ican standards and to put shame and scorn on all that our ancestors tried to build up here, and to go over to the standards of which Spain is a representative. The reason why I am opposed to expansion and imperialism is that I am not ready to throw away American notions and to accept those of Spain." Sunday and Republicanism. THE Christian Herald, of this city, sounds a note of alarm over the increasing desecration of Sunday. It re-peats the familiar assertion that if Sunday desecration continues the Republic will go down, and points to France and Spain as warning examples. We quote the Herald's words for the sake of calling attention to the truth of the matter, which the Herald in its devotion to Sunday overlooks:Š "Effort on all sides is being made to banish the Lord's day, or turn it into a scene of pleasure. When the Sab-bath goes down, the Republic goes down. Men who are not willing to obey God's law in regard to Sabbath ob-servance, are not fit to govern themselves. Sabbath-breaking means dissoluteness, and dissoluteness is in-compatible with self-government. What is the matter with republicanism in Italy and Spain? No Sabbath. For ages they wanted a republic in France. After a while they got a republic; but one day Napoleon III. with his cavalry rode through the streets, and down went the re-public under the clattering hoofs. They have a republic there again; but who would be so bold as to prophesy its continuance for twenty years. France never will have a permanent republic until she quits her roystering Sab-baths, and devotes one day in every week to the recogni-tion of God and sacred institutions. Abolish the Sab-bath, and you abolish your religious privileges. Let the bad work go on, and you have the commune,' and you have 'the revolution,' and you have the sun of national prosperity going down in darkness and blood. From that reign of terror may the God of Lexington and Get-tysburg deliver us!" "What was the matter with republicanism in Italy and Spain?" "No Sabbath," says the Herald; and that is true, but not as the Herald means it. Italy and Spain were and are to-day countries dominated by the papacy; and the papacy is that power which, in the belief and practice of men, changed the Sabbath from the seventh day to the first day of the week. That meant "no Sabbath" to the countries which she ruled, for the first day of the week is no Sabbath in any real sense what-ever. That also was the trouble with France. For centu-ries what religion France has had has been the papal re-ligion; and the papal religion is contrary to republican-ism in every principle. It is no wonder that republican-ism cannot flourish where that religion prevails. It would be an unaccountable thing if it could. Where Protestantism has prevailed, there has been no trouble about the establishment of republican gov-ernment; for Protestantism and civil freedom are in per-fect harmony with each other. But as Protestant coun-tries lose their ProtestantismŠwhich they are now doing, the United States not excepted, by legislating in support of religion, and that too in behalf of the very sign of the papacy, SundayŠthey lose their capacity for republican government; and the republic will go down as surely as the movement for such legislation attains success. DR. CHAS. H. PARKHURST, of this city, has addressed to the President the following protest against the forci-ble subjection of the Filipinos now apparently determined upon by this Government:Š "As an American citizen I respectfully protest against any slaughter of the Filipinos as false to the spirit of our religion, false to the American doctrine of liberty, false to the spirit of the pledge given by Congress on April 19 and false to the assurance stated in your own words when you said: speak not of forcible annexation, be-cause that is not to be thought of, and under our code of morality that would be criminal aggression."' Good Citizenship. "Viratcthword and Truth," Boston. THE movement to make the world better by educat-ing men so as to have them discharge their duties to civil government with greater intelligence and with more conscience, has so much that is commendable that we have hitherto said nothing about it. There are, how-ever, so many dangers lurking beneath it that not to warn Christians to beware would be wrong. A great leader in this movement recently said, "God's ministers are appointed to administer in civil as well as religious things." Now that is unscriptural,Łand only a repetition of the sin of Rome in a Protestant form. That is what the Jesuits teach, and they are moving heaven and earth to bring it about. But they are "God's ministers," who are divinely appointed to "ad-minister" in civil and religious affairs. Against this, our "good citizenship" people rebel with indignant de-fiance. They will never submit to the rule of Romish priests, and why? Because they wish to rule them-selves. Aye, "there's the rub." The truth is, Christ is now rejected in the world. Christians cannot go into that place of rejection without being disloyal to their Lord. The church must not seek to reign where Christ is cast out. Good citizenship on earth is a beggarly substitute for a nobler citizenship which is in heavenŠthe reform of the kingdoms of man is but a deception when compared with the introduction of the kingdom of God, which never needs reforming. "Let the potsherds strive with 