"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, JANUARY 25, 1900. NUMBER 4. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. AgrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it only know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay ford. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) INTOLERANCE of men is never an attribute of Chris-tianity. 4 4 No WEAPON of Christian warfare is made to coerce men into doing right. 4 4 THE Sabbath was given to man without any law save the law of God; and it needs no new support to-day. .0 4 IF men do not keep the Sabbath, that does not hurt the Sabbath, but it injures those for whom the Sabbath was made. They, and not the Sabbath, need protec-tion; but the protection they need is to be kept from the power of sin in their own hearts, and that protec-tion only God can supply. 4 4 As MORALITY is inseparable from religion, legisla-tion cannot be based upon moral grounds without also resting on religious grounds, and thus becoming reli-gious legislation. Proper legislation is not to preserve morals, but rights. The preservation of morality can be accomplished only by spiritual agencies. 4 4 No PERSON is authorized to define the meaning of the Word of God for another person, or for the Govern-ment; nor can this authority belong to any number of persons together. The Holy Spirit alone holds the  office of making clear to the mind the meaning of the divine Word, to each and every mind individually. 4 4 THE natural right of every man to be let alone by others, to enjoy himself in this life in whatever way he may feel inclined, is a self-evident truth,Šone that all.  men recognize alike. It is the one ground that is com-mon to all,Šthe one ground upon which all men have equality one with another. Hence it is the one proper ground of human legislation. Moral truths are not self-evident, and the authority for moral truths is not one which all men recognize, and to attempt to define and enforce moral truths would necessarily involve a des-potism of one class over another. It is a part of each person's business to preserve his freedom of thought and action (within the bounds of natural rights) unmo-lested; but it is no part of his business to molest others by imposing upon them his views of moral or religious duty. The right of liberty for one is the right of liberty for all. The Same Now as Always Before. THERE are a whole lot of people who, through lack of careful attention in years past, as well as now, utterly fail to understand the p o sition of the AMERICAN SENTINEL in relation to present issues. These folks think that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is opposed to national expansion, and to imperialism as to territory. This is altogether a mistake: an entire misapprehension of the SENTINEL'S position, its work, and its principles. As to expansion in itself, the United States might expand to the ends of the earth and the AMERICAN SENTINEL would never have a word to say against it. As for imperialism in territory the United States might extend its jurisdiction over the territory of the whole earth and the AMERICAN SENTINEL would never have any occasion to utter a word in opposition. 