Says Paor, E. A. SHELDON, President of the State Normal School, Oswego, N.Y. "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." THE NEW Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest- Pocket Library is full of happy sur-Prises. It successfully combines a Diction-ary of 45,800 words; a complete Parlia-mentary Manual; Literary Guide, etc. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full pro-nunciation of words. Over 300,000 cop-ies sold. "I shall give this book a place in my vest pocket, a place 430 ALIVILIERI CAN SENTINEL.. WITH OUR IDVERTISElS. ŠME Pacific Press Pub. Co , of this city, has for sale a chart, "The Law of God," 12 x 18 inches, which, aside from' being a superior work of art, has the pre-amble of the Law, which is usually omit-ted on like charts. Price 25 cents. Š"BY Land and Sea" is an intensely interesting book of travel, written in the author's inimitable style, from original notes, and profusely illustrated. For price consult advertisement, and send to Pacific Press Pub. Co., New York, for a copy. ŠTHE SENTINEL has patronized the Grand Trunk Railway system much in the past and believes it is but voicing the sentiment of hundreds of its readers when It says that for comfort, luxury and quick service it is not excelled. ŠIT may be interesting to know that over one thousand of our subscribers have taken advantage of our "Unprece-dented Offer," by sending us $3 50, for which they receive in return a Bible that ordinarily retails for $6, and the SENTI-NEL for one year. Not a word of dissat-isfaction has ever come from those to whom the Bible has been sent, while the words of praise are almost unnumbered. ŠTHERE are few people who are not troubled with some sort of stomach dis-order. The most rational treatment of of dyspepsia we know of is found in the book, " The Stomach: Its Disorders and How to Cure Them," advertised on an-other page. The book is written by J. H. Kellogg, M. D., Superintendent of the great Battle Creek Sanitarium, and can be had from the Modern Medicine Company, Battle Creek. Price, $1.50. Š1N 'another column we place the an noutfeement of the South Lancaster (Mass.) Academy, a preparatory school, established in 1882, and which has been in successful operation ever since. 'The high grade of instruction and discipline maintained, together with the healthful-location and pleasant surroundings of the Academy, have won for it an enviable reputation as a place where parents can, with safety, place their children for their preparatory education. A personal in-terest is taken in every pupil in the school, and it is the aim of the manage-ment to equally develop the mental, mo-ral and physical nature of those under its tutorage. The cost is nominal, being only $120 a year for tuition and board. Those interested can secure a catalogue and learn further particulars by address-ing the Principal, Prof. J. H. Haughey, South Lancaster, Mass. The Gospel Primer. A Book for the Children. Contains 160 pages of matter, which will in terest thp old as well as the young. There are thirty-three full-page illustrations, which, in themselves, teach many gospel truths. PRICE - .25 Address this Office. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It 15 found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending rarchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. DON'T TAKE youan fiagency   whatuntil we have to offer. If already engaged or in business, send for our "Side-line Specialties." Begin, now where you are, and turn spare moments into cash. $75 per month. Particulars free. Write to-day. Address, E.E. MMES. Ilatiarr el/I al Pub., 513• State St., Chicago, Ell. His Glorious Appearing. An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second com- ing, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, .25 PAOITIO PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond it., New York City. FIGHTING AGAINST Is the Title of a sixteen-page tract just issued as No. 41 of the Religious tibertH tibrarg In which PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE unite in teaching Christian principles of freedom of conscience. 7 Fine Half-Tone Illustrations 7 Printed on highly-finished paper. Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the most prejudiced or indifferent reader. PRICE--3 Cents each. Usual discounts in cmanUtles PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO, 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. AGENTS Nu CapitalF EEDED.F ales pay - big  money, We make a high grade BICYCLE 41,NIFIAT as low as $24.00. Fully guaranteed. Shipped anywhere 44, en annroval, direct from our factory. ALPINE CYCLE CO., Dept. 68.Cinettum0,0. WOMEN AS WELL AS MEN CAN MAKE MONEY. I have an ice cream freezer that will freeze cream perfectly instantly. The cream is put into the freezer and comes out instantly smooth and perfectly frozen. This astonishes people and a crowd will gather to see the freezer in opera-tion and they will all want to try the cream. You can sell cream as fast as it can be made, and sell freezers to many of them who would not buy an old style freezer. It is really a curiosity and you can sell from $5 to $8 worth of cream and six to twelve freezers every day. This makes a good profit these hard times and is a pleasant employ-ment. W. H. Baird & Co., Dep't 194, Sta. A, Pittsburg, Pa., will send full particulars and in-formation in regard to this new invention on ap-plication and will employ good salesmen on liberal terms. "I am surprised," that no other book thus far has had."ŠC. C. Gaines, Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x 2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Sthent, Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual-ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetual Memorandum, and Safety Postage-Stamp Holder, 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. SOUTH LAN CASTER ACADEMY. Is most healthfully and beautifully located. Combines religious and industrious with intellectual training. Thoroughness of instruction, solidity of character and usefulness in life are the principal objects of attainment, SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO Sacred History, Sacred Music, and the Holy Scriptures. Board and Tuition Only $120 Per Year. Vegetarian diet. For further particulars and cal ender, address, J. H. HAUGHEY, Principal, South Lancaster, Mass. 