304 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.: 1-7 1 PC L rls EV. 1 _ i  L\ \,1  17Š' C  Ł  I * Tong  man hear mg-wordgernd believe trot 1 judgehhn norŠiows aria: CHICAGO, MAY 17, 1900. Our friends will confer a favor if when they send us newspaper clippings they will invariably indorse upon them not only the name but the date of the paper from which each one is taken. Sometimes neither of these items of information is given, in which case the clippings are of little value to us, even though they may otherwise be excellent. Washington, D. C., reformers have started a move-ment for a curfew law to keep children off the streets in the evening, and the district commissioners have re-ferred the matter to Maj. Sylvester, superintendent -of police, for report. It is stated that Maj. Sylvester will oppose the plan. He says that in Washington the summers are so hot that the children cannot play out of doors in the daytime, and that for the sake of their health they should have the run of the streets and the parks in the evening. The Converted Catholic (New York) publishes in its May issue a picture showing Cardinal Gibbons pos-ing at the Dewey celebration in Washington last fall. It was designed by a Roman Catholic, and shows the Cardinal standing between Admiral Dewey and Presi-dent McKinley, the latter facing the Cardinal with bowed head. The Converted Catholic says of it : "An enterprising ROman Catholic had this picture engraved and at great cost had offered it for sale to the Cath-olics;, but the poor man is now bankrupt, for not a Catholic family would dare to possess a copy of it after Mrs. Dewey had formally declared herself a Protes-ant." The national constitution prohibits Congress from making any law "respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." But as the doctrine prevails that the constitution does not apply outside the United States, there is manifestly nothing to prevent Congress from establishing a re-ligion in foreign territory under American control; for instance, in the Philippine islands. And the religious question being the leading, burning issue in those islands, which is pressing upon the governing power for settlement, it is quite possible that Congress, not feeling hampered by constitutional restrictions in leg- islating for that country, may establish some form of religion there by force as the easiest way to bring the controversy to an end. Certainly Congress is at liber-ty, under the prevailing view, to establish a religion in any portion of the new territory;, but do the Ameri-can people want Congress to become familiar with the practice of setting up state religions ? Will they feel entirely safe under such circumstances with regard to religious freedom here at home? The article on another page, "An Anti-Protestant Crusade in France," is significant as showing that, not-withstanding the boasted enlightenment and conse-quent liberality of the times in which we live, human nature is swayed by the same passions as in the days of Torquamada, Duke of Alva, Duke of Guise, Catherine de Medici and others whose names are synonymous with persecution. Tolerance, like beauty, is only skin deep. Given the power and opportunity men would persecute as bitterly to-day as they did when the auto da fe lighted up the landscape in Castile and the Neth-erlands. Nor is all intolerance bound up in the hearts of French Roman Catholics. We must not forget that no longer ago than last December, a respectable Bos-ton clergyman speaking in a National Reform conven-tion in New York City invoked the death penalty upon those who refuse to keep Sunday; and only a few days since a Seventh-day Adventist in. the State of Pennsylvania was haled before a justice of the peace and fined $4 and costs for raking in his own door yard on Sunday, being accused by one who spk-d upon him for that purpose. Times change, but onry the grace of God can change the human heart, taking out of it the spirit of Cain and putting into it the spirit of love. Lord Salisbury's view of the saloon Sunday law was expressed recently in a speech made before the Church of England bishops. On this point the British premier said : "I have some sympathy with people who want beer on Sunday. I don't drink beer myself, but if I did I should want it as much on Sunday as on any other day." Certainly any man who drinks intoxicants, wants them as much on Sunday as on other days, and it is both useless and unreasonable to allow people to drink freely six days in the week and then try to shut them off from indulgence on the remaining day. There is always some inconsistency in a Sunday law. A new shell has been tested recently which will go through any kind of armor plate now in existence. A daily paper suggests that "now some other inventor will have to make a plate that the shell cannot pene-trate. Thus if we may not have universal peace we may be kept guessing."  