OCTOBER 3, 1895. A_ME,E IL-E I C J1-1lNr I N-101L 307 as against the saloon;" and the Baptist Exam-iner said, in its issue of September 19: "Do the liquor dealers and their friends fully un-derstand what they are doing in their efforts to keep saloon doors open on the Lord's day ? Do they not see that they are forcing the issue Ša clean sabbath or entire prohibition?" This is, as we said last week, saying to the liquor traffic just as plainly as words can ex-press it, Cooperate with us in Sunday observ-ance and your traffic is safe six days in the week; resist our efforts for general Sunday observance, and we will see to it that your traffic is prohibited every day. The Voice, the great prohibition organ of this city, has in its issue of September 20, two articles, touching the Sunday-law plank, adopted by the Republican Convention at Sar-atoga. The Voice shows quite conclusively by quotations from prominent Republicans in this city, that the resolution referred to means little or nothing in respect to Sunday-liquor selling. As reported in the Tribune, of Sep-tember 19, Mr. Warner Miller, the author of the resolution, said of it: " I do not see how any one can assert that the Republican party is a prohibition party from the resolution which I introduced."  This shows very clearly that Mr. Miller did not mean that the resolution should be under-stood as pledging the Republican party to oppose the liquor traffic. The resolution is simply in the interests of general Sunday ob-servance. As we said before, we have not the slightest interest in this as a political question. We do not care which party is successful in New York State this fall. There are good men in all parties,, and we doubt not that for the year to come, either party would give the State a fairly decent administration; but we do want the people to understand the issue before them in regard to Sunday and its enforcement by civil statute. We want our readers to know that Sunday enforcement has become a polit-ical question.* It has become a question upon which political parties feel bound to express themselves in their platforms; and the politi-cians, for the sake of gaining votes, are will-ing to pledge themselves to enact, maintain and enforce such laws, and this regardless of the inherent right of every man to be left perfectly free in matters of religion. We believe that the present agitation in this State for the closing of saloons on Sunday, will not result in curtailing the liquor traffic in the slightest degree, that just as much liquor will be sold and drank as formerly; that just as many men will be drunken as for-merly; and that just as many innocent per-sons will suffer as the result of the liquor traffic as formerly. But religious bigotry and intolerance will be increased; high-sounding professions will be made. Sunday will be honored in words, and will be exalted to some extent in the eyes of the people; and this is the great object which the master-mind that is back of all this Sunday agitation has in view. "BLUE LAWS." A WELL-KNOWN Washington pastor, Dr. B. Sunderland, has taken us severely to task for using the term " Blue Laws." He says:Š You ought never to be guilty of citing as a part of the "Blue Laws " of the colonies the part about a man's kissing his wife on Sunday, etc., because no such thing ever existed in fact; they were a compila-tion of a notorious Tory made out of whole cloth, to cast ridicule and contempt on the colonists; and as intelligent men you should know this and not resort * See the article, "New York Democrats and the Sunday Law;" on this page.  to such a species of falsehood and misrepresentation to bolster up your case. We are well aware that no such code of laws ever actually existed as that sometimes printed as the " Blue Laws of Connecticut." But we are also well aware that " laws " did exist in the New England colonies, notably in Massachusetts and Connecticut, under which the ministers and magistrates assumed author-ity to punish nearly all the acts said to have been forbidden by the " Blue Laws." For instance, there was no " law " which said in so many words that a man should not kiss his wife on Sunday; but for all that, as related by Alice Morse Earle, on page 247 of " The Sabbath in Puritan New England," " Captain Kemble of Boston was in 1656 set for two hours in the public stocks for his ' lewd and unseemly behavior,' which con-sisted in his kissing his wife 'publicquely' on the sabbath day, upon the doorstep of his house, when he had just returned from a voyage and absence of three years." The fact is that the authorities of those days assumed to regulate nearly all the private affairs of life, and the term "Blue laws " has come to be applied by common consent and usage to all such improper and meddlesome legislation; and by using the phrase, one no more indorses all that the " Reverend " Sam-uel Peters, " a notorious Tory," wrote about the "laws" of Connecticut, than does one using the phrase " Siren song " indorse the mythological story of the three sea nymphs said to frequent an island near the coast of Italy, and lure mariners to destruction by their sweet songs. The term " Siren" has come to mean "something which is insidious or deceptive," just as the phrase " Blue Laws " means improper and meddlesome stat-utes which invade unnecessarily the private life of the Citizen. It is in this sense that the AMERICAN SENTINEL has used the term, and in this sense we shall continue to use it. VIOLATION OF THE CONSTITUTION ALLEGED. [New York Sun, Sept. 23.] ALBANY, Sept. 22.ŠThe State Department of Public Instruction has been called upon to construe section 4 of Article IX. of the amended Constitution, known as the educa-tional article, which reads as follows.= Neither the State nor any subdivision thereof shall use its property or credit, or any public money, or authorize or permit either to be used, directly or in-directly, in aid or maintenance, other than for ex-amination or inspection, of any school or institution of learning wholly or in part under the control or direction of any religious denomination, or in which any denominational tenet or doctrine is taught. The matter comes up on the appeal of Fay-ette B. Durant, Thomas G. Ross, James C. Covert, and Abraham Hilton to Superinten-dent Skinner from a decision of the West Troy Board of Education. The Board has been notified to file its answer within ten days. The appeal papers recite the fact that under chapter 881 of the laws of 1895, four commissioners of education were elected in West Troy, and that under the act they ap-pointed four others. It is generally under-stood that the purpose of the act was to create a board having four Protestants and four Catholics on it, or, at least, four Republicans and four Democrats. This board accepted an offer made by the Very Rev. T. M. A. Burke, Bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Albany, and Rev. James A. Curtain, Pastor of St. Bridget's Church of West Troy, to lease for $1 a month the parochial school building of St. Bridget's Church. The Catholic authorities also agreed to pay  the salaries of a fireman and a janitor. Then a resolution was adopted by the board ap-pointing fifteen teachers, eight of whom were for this school. All eight were Catholics, and six were sisters belonging to the Roman Catholic Convent of St. Joseph of West Troy. The six sisters were examined in a separate room, because of a rule of their sect forbid-ding them to appear in mixed gatherings. All received commissioners' certificates en-titling them to teach in the public schools. The appellants say they do not believe that these sisters were properly examined or passed the examination. It is further alleged that as the sisters are forbidden by their rules to attend teachers' institutes, which is required of all public school teachers, they are not qualified to teach; that the rent charged is not sufficient for the care of the rooms even; that the school is wholly or partly under the control or direction of a religious, sectarian denomination, and that denominational doc-trines or tenets are taught therein, and that many parents will not send their children to the school while it is under such control. They ask the superintendent to annul the action of the West Troy Board of Education in leasing the school as well as the contracts with the six teachers, and to provide a suita-ble building and employ duly qualified teach-ers irrespective of any religious denomination. The issue of this case will be watched with much interest all over the State, as it is the first appeal of the kind made under the re-vised constitution. Ł Ł NEW YORK DEMOCRATS AND THE SUNDAY " LAW." WE have considered elsewhere in this issue the attitude of the Republican party of New York towards the Sunday statute,as expressed at their late convention, in the words, "We favor the maintenance of the Sunday law in the in-terests of labor and morality." It might naturally have been expected that the Democratic party, having always posed as the political representative and exponent of the principle of personal liberty, would take issue squarely with the former party, and stand in favor of that, liberty which every Sunday "law" must necessarily invade. This,however, it has not done. The difference between the two leading po-litical parties of the State upon this point is not a difference in principle, but only in degree. The one party favors the maintenance of the Sunday statute in the strict sense in which its enforcement has been recently conducted in this city, and which is demanded by the 'eccle-siastics who aim at securing a rigid observance of the day. The other party also favors a Sun-day "law," but wants one that will secure " a proper observation" of the day, an " orderly Sunday," and that shall have the support of public opinion. Such importance has the question of Sunday observance now attained in the Empire State, that neither of the two leading political par- ties dares to pass it over in silence. Neither dares to go before the people without having avowed itself to be in favor of legal Sunday observance. The only difference between them is in regard to the nature of the observ-ance to be thus secured. The Republican party believes that it will receive popular sup-port in standing for a strict form of Sunday observance, and the Democratic party believes that the seal of popular approval will be given to an attitude favoring a less rigid Sunday observance, such as would allow the obtaining of beer and other alcoholic drinks on that 