ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM: NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, MAY 13, 1897. Vol,. 12, No. 19. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 4Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE one leading principle of the AMERICAN SENTINEL is absolute separation of religion and the State. Every other subject, all discussion of other points, is subordinate to the one great subject of separation of re-ligion and the State. And the one great reason for this, the sole basis of it, is that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is Christian. It is solely because that the separation of religion and the State is Christian that we advocate it. Nor is this a mere sentiment or side issue of Christianity. It is one of the fundamentalprinciples, one of the chief characteristics of Christianity. The Bible, not merely the New Testament, but the whole book, is the book of Christianity. The New Testa-ment is not a revelation new and distinct from the old; it is the culmination of the revelation begun in the Old Testament. The Old Testament and the New are one book, one consistent, harmonious revelation of God through Jesus Christ; because Jesus Christ is the revelation of God before the world was made, when the world was made, and through all the history of the world from beginning to end. The first chapter of Genesis is Christian as certainly as is the first chapter of John. The Book of Genesis is Christian as really as is the Book of Revelation or any other book in the Bible. We repeat therefore that the whole Bible is the book of Christianity, the book of the Christian religion, the revelation of God through Jesus Christ. And the separation of religion and the State is one of the great thoughts of this great book. It is one of the  leading principles of that book which for man is the source of all sound principle. Many people think that the two or three expressions of Christ as recorded in the New Testament are all that the Bible contains on the subject of the separation of Church and State; and many others are disposed even to argue against these passages and to modify them by other passages from the Old Testament. But separation of religion and the State is one of the Original thoughts of the Bible, and reaches from the beginning to the end of the Book; and neither the book nor this subject can be fairly understood in reference to this matter till this is clearly defined in the mind. Therefore that the SENTINEL may be true to its mission and serve in the best way the great object of its existence, we purpose to give to our readers a series of studies of the Bible on this subject from beginning to end. Being one of the great thoughts of the Bible, one of the great thoughts of God and of our Lord Jesus Christ, this subject is of vital importance to men everywhere in their relations to God, and not merely in their relations to the State. It is a principle ,that is involved in the daily experience of the Christian, in his relation to God, and not merely an abstract question that man can stand as it were apart and view simply as a speculative question of the relations between religion and the State. The ways of God are right. His word is the only certain light, the only sure truth. The principles which he has announced are the only safe principles for the guidance of men. We hope, and shall seriously endeavor, to make each study so plain that every reader can easily see and readily grasp the truth of it. The first of these studies we shall present now and shall begin at the beginning. "The first of all the commandments is. Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord; and thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength. This is the first commandment. "And the second is like, namely this : Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself; there is none other command-ment greater than these." 