AMERICAN S 339 taught, whether by Catholic or Protestant, that Sunday observance originated with the church. There is no command of God for it. Its most ardent advocates rec- ognize this and trace its origin to the church aloneŠas having originated in "apostolic example," "the practice of the primitive church," etc., etc. But the church is neither God nor Csar. The church is of God, but it is not God. The church is joined to God; it is to obey God; it is the house of God; but whatever it is, it is not God. No more is it Csar; it is altogether religious, not civil. Whatever government the church may have, it is ecclesiastical only, and never can be civil. Any- thing, therefore, which springs only from the church, being neither of God nor of Cmsar, can never be of any obligation whatever upon any man. And Sunday spring-ing confessedly from that very source, can never of right be of any obligation whatever upon any soul. But it may be said that there are Sunday laws, that these are laws of the State, and that these, requiring the observance of Sunday are from Cmsar. Yes, there are Sunday laws, and these laws are nowadays enacted by the StateŠthe civil authority; but whether there be any civil authority exercised in such legislationŠwhether they be of any authority as from the civil power,Šis altogether another question. What were Sunday laws in their origin? By what authority was the first Sunday law enacted? This must be understood in order to know what obligation there is in Sunday laws. Because, if the civil power of to day borrows something altogether ecclesiastical, and fixes it in a law, that does not make the thing civil: that law is not a civil law, but an ecclesiastical one. And the State, in such an act, instead of acting properly in its civil capacity, abandons the realm of civics, and enters that of ecclesiasticism; and this, of itself, would destroy all true obligation that might be claimed from such act as coming from the civil power. What, then, was the origin of Sunday laws? and of Sunday observance by law? It is well known that the first Sunday law that ever existed, was framed and issued by Constantine, at the solicitation of the church and in the interests of the churchŠthe apostate church at that. Yet, even then the Sunday law did not proceed from Constantine as emperor, but as supreme pontiff. True, the same man was both; but the offices of emperor and supreme pontiff, were distinct. Things which he could do as emperor, he could not do as supreme pontiff: things which he must do as supreme pontiff, he could not do as emperor. And one of the things which belonged solely to the office of supreme pontiff, was "the plenary power of appointing holy days." If the offices of emperor and supreme pontiff had been held by two men, one the emperor, and the other the supreme pontiff, it would have been the prerogative of the supreme pontiff alone to appoint holy days, even for the emperor's recognition. And when the two offices were held by one man, the prerogatives of the two offices were distinct, and the one  man exercising these prerogatives, must act as emperor and supreme pontiff, respectively and separately. And the appointing of days to be observed, was exclusively the prerogative of the supreme pontiff. Duruy on this point says plainly:Š "In determining what days should be regarded as holy, and in the composition of a prayer for national use, Constantine exercised one of the rights belonging to him as pontifex maximus."ŠHistory of Rome, chap. CII, part I, par. 4 from end. Now, the pontifex maximus was not the Cmsar, nor was he God. True, he claimed to be, and he was re-garded as, the representative of the gods; but he was not God. Therefore, Sunday observance, in a law com-ing from the emperor acting only as supreme pontiff, proceeds from neither God nor Csar; and this, as in the origin of Sunday observance, coming from neither God nor Caesar, is out of bounds, and, consequently, never can be of any obligation upon any soul. For, all that has been done since, whether in Sunday observance by the church, or in Sunday laws by the State, has been but copying and perpetuating these things from their origin, and cannot in any sense, change their character; because the origin fixes indelibly forever the character. "Render therefore to Csar the things that are Caesar's; and to God the things which are God's." These "things," only, are of obligation. All things from any other source are not, and cannot be of any obligation whatever upon any soulŠand such are Sunday observ- ance, and Sunday laws. A. T. J. "Physician, Heal Thyself." WHEN the physician is himself afflicted with a mal-ady similar to that of which he is anxious to cure the patient, propriety strongly suggests that he should give attention to himself first of all. It is with this principle in mind that the Savannah News gives expression to the following:Š "The women of the country are filling the land with their protests to Congress against allowing the polyga-mous Roberts, of Utah, to take the seat in the House to which he has been elected. Would they not do the coun-try an equal if not a greater service if they were to make an effort to have a uniform divorce law in this country, a law that would permit a divorce for one cause only, namely, adultery? "In an interesting article on 'Divorce,' by Cardinal Gibbons, this statement is made:Š "'The reckless facility with which divorce is procured in this country is an evil scarcely less deplorable than Mormonism. Indeed, it is in some respects more dan-gerous than the latter, for divorce has the sanction of the civil law, which Mormonism has not. Is not the law of divorce a virtual toleration of Mormonism in a modified form? Mormonism consists in simultaneous polygamy, while the law of divorce practically leads to successive polygamy.' 