  gE,NriAN-EL6 VOL. 8, No. 24. . 188  principal is responsible for the acts of its agent and all who have claims, either now or hereafter, against the World's Colum-bian Exposition, may have recourse against the United States Government. Such a position as this, Congress has carefully .avoided from the beginning. Although in the pleadings, the constitu-tionality of the Sunday-closing proviso made by Congress was not impugned, yet in the course of the argument by Com-missioner St. Clair and Attorney Edwin H. Walker for the Columbian Exposition, its constitutionality was several times called in question and denied. It was ex-pressly declared by Mr. Walker that "the Government was prohibited by the Con-stitution from interfering,Šthat even if the act of March 3, 1893 had never been passed, section 4, (the Sunday closing sec-tion) of the act of 1892 was unconstitu-tional. When the counsel for the Govern-ment quoted the words of Judge Cooley in reference to the status of Sunday laws in the United States, Mr. Walker replied that "Judge Cooley never said that the United States could come into Illinois and enact Sunday laws." The counsel for the Government did not fail to make the plea that this is a Christian Nation, and cited Justice Brewer's decision in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity of New York City vs. the United States, in the support of that idea. This decision was referred to at considerable length and with the most marked assurance. The counsel for the Government also pleaded that Chris-tianity was embedded in the laws of this country and was a part of the common law; and the inference, of course, drawn, that therefore the Government might make laws in reference to religion, and that they were properly enforced and should necessarily be obeyed. After an interesting and exciting trial, which lasted through three days, and in a crowded court room, the case was taken under advisement by the judges, Grosscup, Wood, and Jenkins, and on Saturday morning notice was given that a decision, would be rendered Thursday, June 8. When District Attorney Milchrist, in behalf of the Government, asked for a temporary injunction compelling the clos-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday, June 4, the court refused to act, leaving the directory to open the Fair on that day. From this action, the conclusion is drawn by some, that the court will refuse to in-terfere at all in the Sunday-closing mat-ter, but that is a mere inference and there-fore no data from which to give an opin-ion what the final decision of the court will be. If it should be decided that the United States has supreme jurisdiction and that its Sunday-closing proviso was proper legislation, and should an injunc-tion, restraining the authorities of the World's Fair from opening on Sundays be had, the event will mark the most re-markable assumption of paternal and cen-tralizing authority ever exhibited in this country. The question of the conflict of authority between the State Court and the United States Court will then come up; and if, in the case brought before Judge Stein, the final injunction should be granted, the issue would be directly made as between the people and State of Illinois and the general Government. Such an issue as this is sure to come sooner or later, for the upholding of re-ligious legislation and the continuance of its growth in this country necessarily re- quires that State rights should be abro-gated and the general Government assume to itself authority over the manners;  morals, and religious conduct of the cit-izens of the United States in general. W. H. M. Chicago, June 6. The Sunday Laws of England. ENGLAND is well provided with Sunday laws, having no less than twenty-four, all of which are in force at the present time. Of these, eleven refer to manu-factory and trading, eleven to the sale of liquor, five to amusements, five to travel-ing, two to the employment of young persons and women and one to elections. The first law was enacted 1354, and the last in 1887, and they are still at it. In fact Sunday laws are on the steady in-crease, sixteen having been made during the reign of Victoria. Surely if law can bolster up the Sunday institution this array of Parliamentary statutes should do it. But their very number only shows their weakness, for were there any power or virtue in a Sunday law, one would be enough. But when once men attempt to make others righteous by law they have before them an endless task, for they are attempting the impossible, and can only result in a barren form of legalism, such as the endless ramifications placed upon the Jews by the Scribes and Pharisees. The first Sunday law was passed in 1354 during the reign of Edward III., and prohibits the showing of wool on the magic day. The next was in 1448, and forbids all manner of fairs and markets "on the principal feasts, and Sundays and Good Fridays." Ten other Sunday statutes also include the principal feasts of the Church, and six of these were en-acted in the present reign. In this they are consistent. For Sunday is merely a church festivalŠa creation of the Ro-man Catholic ChurchŠand stands on the same basis as other days ordained by the same church. If it is right to enforce Sunday it is also right to enforce Christ-mas day, Good Friday and all the rest. But the Sunday law that is most known and respected is 29 Chas. II., c. 7., which passed 1676. It is entitled " An act for the better observation of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." Section 1. enacts that "all the laws in force con-cerning the observation of the Lord's day, and repairing to the Church thereon, shall be carefully put in execution." This itself shows the worthlessness of these laws. As soon as one is made, another has to be made to enact that the first one shall be enforced. This in itself is a con-fession that there was no power in the first one; and there is no more in the sec-ond, and as nothing added to nothing makes nothing, these lawmakers are just where they started, and so set to work and make another law to help out those already in existence, and so the game has gone merrily on until we now have twenty-four and the end is not yet. This law of Charles II. not only for-bids all " worldly labor," but also com-pels " repairing to the Church" and " en-acts " that " all persons shall, on every Lord's day, apply themselves to the ob-servation of the same, by exercising them-selves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately." This is the pet law of a certain class of clergy and what they are most anxious to  have enforced. To do so would mean the revival of the Inquisition; for whereas by dragging a man to church and holding him in a pew they might satisfy them-selves as to his public exercise of religious duties; the only possible way for them to find out if he has done so privately is to put him on the rack and wring from him a confession of his thoughts. This beauti-ful relic of Puritanism also practically decrees that any man may rob or knock Sunday travelers on the head and no ac-tion may be brought for the said robbery. So it would seem that Sunday traveling is unpardonable, but Sunday robbery or murder is all right. Another masterpiece of Satan is 21 Geo. III., c. 49, passed 1780, and called, "An act for preventing certain abuses and profanations on the Lord's day, called Sunday." Section 1. has this, " Whereas certain houses . . . have of late frequently been opened . . . under pretext of inquiring into religious doc-trines and explaining texts of holy Scrip-ture, debates have frequently been held on the evening of the Lord's day concern-ing divers texts of holy Scripture by per-sons unlearned and incompetent to ex-plain the same, to the corruption of good morals, and to the great encouragement of irreligion and profaneness. It was en-acted that the keeper of such a room be fined £200 for every day such a room or house was oen. The chairman was to also forfeit £100 to any one who should sue for it, and the door keeper to pay £50; which is $1,750 in all. And yet there are some people in Amer-ica who are trying to prove that Sunday laws are not religious in character. FRANCIS HOPE. Belfast, Ireland. Ł Ł-Ł  Modern Christian Methods. THE continued controversy over the question of Sunday opening of the World's Fair furnishes a striking spec-tacle of the effects of uniting Church and State, even partially. In theory we have no such union in this country, but in practice we have. In theory we say that no man's conscience shall be dominated by another's, and that no one shall force any part of his religion upon another. The Constitution expressly states that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion. Yet we prove the Constitution a lie and our theories of no effect by permitting religious organiz-ations to control the Government and make various laws for the establishment of religion, such as exemption of church property fKom taxation, requiring the ob-servation of Sunday, etc. In no instance has the tyrannical nature and intolerant spirit of ecclesiasticism shown itself more strongly than in connection with the Chi-cago Exposition. From the start the Church power has been determined to close the gates on Sunday, and to accom-plish that object has resorted to all the tricks of politics. Petitions were sent to Congress contain-ing names numbering more than double the population of various States; lobby-ists were sent to Washington to influence congressmen; at every conference resolu-tions were adopted threatening that if the Fair were not run according to the wish, will and instruction of the " Christian conscience," said conscience would do all it could to injure it, both by staying away 