.AMERICAN SENTINEL. 775 legislature. There is no doubt that this prompt action, thus bringing to bear the overwhelming sentiment of Pennsylvania in favor of the Sabbath, had much to do with the defeat of the Fow Bill." And where is the alacrity and efficiency that ought to be manifestedfor the preservation of the sacred rights of conscience? Nehemiah and Sabbath Enforcement. [AnvocATEs of compulsory "Sabbath" observance refer often to the example of the prophet Nehemiah in forcibly restraining Sabbath breaking in Jerusalem, as justifying the enforcement of Sabbath observance to-day by the civil law. The trouble with their reasoning is that no parallel exists between the circumstances under which Nehemiah acted and those under which we as subjects of the civil government, live to-day. This is clearly pointed out in the following which we find in an exchange:Š] KEEPING THE SABBATH. "In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine presses on the Sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the Sabbath day; and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals. There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the Sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem. Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the Sabbath day? Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city? yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the Sabbath. And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the Sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be, shut, and charged that they should not be opened until after the Sabbath; and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should be no bur-den brought in on the Sabbath day. So the merchants and sellers of all manner of ware lodged without Jerusa-lem once or twice. Then I testified against them, and said unto them, Why lodge ye about the wall? if ye do so again, I will lay hands on you. From that time they came no more on the Sabbath. And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the Sabbath day." Neh. 13:15-22. This lesson is called "Keeping the Sabbath," but it should rather be called "Breaking the Sabbath," for that is what it is all about. In order to understand the acts of Nehemiah, it is necessary to put ourselves in his place. Therefore we must consider the Jewish state, and note the difference between it and nations generally. The great mistake  that most people make in reading this account, is in supposing that his action is a model for rulers in these days. Let us see why it is not. In the first place, Israel was not a nation in the or-dinary sense of the term. When Balaam tried to curse Israel, God made him bless them, so that we know that whatever he said was directed by the Spirit of the Lord. Looking at Israel, he said, "Lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." Num. 23:9. Then what did Israel constitute?ŠSimply "the household of God," the church. It was never God's de-sign that his people should be governed as other people are, but that he should be their sole ruler. If they had lived by faith in God, as Abraham did, there would never have been any need for judges or any sort of offi-cers of the law. All these things came in solely as the result of that lack of faith which rejected God as ruler. The family is the one institution which God has designed. The head of every family was to be the priest for the family, and each family, including all the dependents, would form a congregation, or what in modern language is erroneously called a church. That this family plan was to be perpetuated, is seen in the promise to Abraham, "In thee shall all families of the earth be blessed." Gen. 12:3. In harmony with this plan God was bringing Israel out of EgyptŠa great collection of families constitut-ing God's great family, which was to be added to as others accepted the faith. That the family is still the unit of God's government, and that his people all form one family, is seen by the fact that we come into the kingdom of God only by a new birth. "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." John 3:3. God's subjects are all his children, and his kingdom consists solely of his family. "The whole family in heaven and earth" is named from Christ, who has been placed over it as head. Eph. 3:14, 15. God is the Father of all. When the children of Israel called for a king,iike other people, God said that it was a rejection of him. 1 Sam. 8:7. They wanted a king, that they might be like the nations, or, literally, like the heathen round them. All the nations were heathen, and in fact the for-mation of nations is in itself heathenism,Šthe rejection of God as ruler. Although the people rejected the Lord, he did not reject them. He still claimed them as his children. He reserved the right to select their king, and the family idea was still maintained as far as possible. We must remember that it was religion, and that alone, that made the people of Israel. The name itself signified victory over sin, the victory of faith. There were no different "denominations" in the kingdom, as in Eng-land, for instance, for the entire nation was simply the church of God, although they had deviated from God's plan for them. 