AMERICAN SENTINEL. 203 Catholic authorities as being a dishonor to their religion. And again: If the church is so firmly set against intemperance, what is the significance of the following among the Catholic "regulations for Lent:" "Those who avail themselves of this Indult are not allowed to use flesh meat and fish at the same meal, and they are earnestly exhorted to perform some other act of mortifi-cation, such as abstinence from intoxicating liquors." It is our belief that from the standpoint of temperance, "mortification" is properly connected with indulgence in intoxicating liquors, rather than with abstinence from their use. si 4k--.4 --4- A CALL has been issued for a convention of the ,na-tional " Good Citizen's Association," to meet in Nash-ville, Tenn., May 18. The call is signed by Neal Dow, Josiah Strong, George C. Lorimer, Theo. L. Cuyler, and other men of religious and political prominence, and is issued to " all lovers of liberty, prosperity, truth, right-eousness, and good government." Evidently the con-vention should be very largely attended. The Fly in the Ointment. Tax following from the Bible Echo, Melbourne, Aus-tralia, touches upon a condition of things which has its parallel in public affairs in the United States:Š " Friday, February 5, a deputation, said to have in-cluded 'gentlemen of all shades of religious and political opinion,' waited on Cardinal Moran to request him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate to the Federal Convention. In response the cardinal read a lengthy reply, previously prepared for the occasion, in which he signified his willingness to comply with the very flattering invitation.' After calling attention to the question of a constitution for the proposed Australian Commonwealth, almost the first thing in this reply the cardinal says:Š " 'I would wish to see inserted in the preamble to the Constitution some such clause as the following : "Religion is the basis of our Australian Commonwealth and of its laws; and in accordance with the spirit of reli-gion, genuine liberty of conscience is the birthright of every Australian citizen, and full and free exercise of reli-gious worship, so far as may be consistent with public order and public morality. shall be accorded to all." 'ŠMelbourne Age, Feb. 6th, 1897. "If .men would but look beneath the surface, they could see in this proposed preamble a proposition.for taking a first and long step in the backward direction. It is so worded that many doubtless will not see in it what is really there. On the face of it it may look like a very innocent, harmless, and even laudable affair. But it contains a dead fly' which spoils the otherwise good ointment. It declares for genuine liberty of conscience' and 'full and free exercise of worship so far as may be consistent with public order and public morality.' But that spoils it all. That puts liberty of conscience and freedom of worship on a variable and treacherous fours_  dation. It makes them the servants of the whims and the caprice of men. It jeopardizes their very existence at the outset. " Public order' in Roman Catholic countries may require that every man shall uncover his head while the `host' or the crucifix' is being carried by in procession. Public morality' even in Australia may demand that all shall observe Sunday as the Sabbath, while God says the seventh day shall be thus observed. Public order and public morality are often at low ebb and of very inferior quality. They are not the standard of order and morality for the true follower of Christ. He looks to God and His word, and not to the public, for directions in determining what are his duties and limits in religious-matters, and he is bound to follow what God says, regardless of what the public may do, say, or think. Therefore we say that no man who knows the history of the past, and who de-sires to see true liberty of conscience preserved inviolable to the people of these colonies, can afford to consent to such a preamble as the one above proposed, being affixed to any constitution of any colony or common-wealth. "Cardinal Moran is not the first cardinal who has had the ability by the adroit use and manipulation of language to nullify a good definition of religious liberty by a word or phrase. Cardinal Gibbons, of the United States, says:Š " A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worshiping God according to the dic-tates of a right conscience!ŠFaith of Our Fathers, page 264. "But who is to say when a man's conscience is 'right'? With the Catholics a man's conscience is right only when it tells him to be a Catholic, and with the Wesleyans only when it tells him to be a Wesleyan, and so on. Accord-ing to this, a man in a Catholic country would enjoy, reli-gious liberty when he possessed the right to worship ac-cording to the rules and regulations of the Catholic Church. " Here again is 'seen the saving clause' which nul-lifies the otherwise good statement, and in the twinkle of an eye changes the good into positive evil. Let none be deceived. The Papacy never has declared, and the Pa-pacy never will declare, for the right of the indiVidual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science. This would, destroy the whole papal system at a stroke. It will never do it." An Invasion of the Liberty of the Press. New York H,raid." March V. Tan freak epidemic which has so unaccountably broken out in a number of legislatures throughout the country within a few months has brought forth nothing more ultra or uncalled for than the following bill, intro-duced by Senator Ellsworth at Albany:Š "No person, firm, partnership, corporation, or vol-untary association shall print or publish in any news-paper, periodical, magazine, pamphlet or book, any portrait or alleged portrait of any person or individual living in this State without first having obtained his or her written consent to such printing or publication. "The printing or publishing of the portrait oralleged 