358 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Absurdity of It. BY H. F. PHELPS. SOME people seem determined to make themselves, and all others, believe that there is such a thing as a "public conscience," and that said "public conscience" is very much disturbed by the possible opening of the doors of the Trans-Mississippi Exposition on Sunday. In the Minneapolis Times, of May 21, is found a re-port of the proceedings of the Presbyterian General Assembly at Winona, Ind. A resolution was adopted asking that the doors of the exposition "shall not be opened on the Lord's day;" and asking the directors to "announce that decision so that the public conscience shall be at rest on the subject." Now there can be no such thing as a "public con-science," except it be the combination of the individual consciences. The consciences of the individuals, consid-ered individually and taken collectively, must determine whether there is any special unrest upon this subject. Now, the truth is that there is no such unrest as would be indicated by the resolution, except it may be in the minds of a few misguided religious zealots. As a matter of fact, this nation is a nation of Sabbath-breakers, and no amount resolutions will make it otherwise. Nothing but the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ as it is in Christ will make a Sabbath-keeper out of a Sabbath-breaker. To an outsider there appears to be a very pe-culiar condition of things in the assembly. They were very much disturbed over the possible opening of -the doors of the exposition, and adopted a resolution against such a desecration of the supposed sacredness .of Sunday, and then they "turned down" another reso-lution "urging that President McKinley order that no unnecessary Sabbath work be done by the army and navy in the present war, and that battles be not begun on Sunday." It is stated that one of the "commissioners protested that the assembly should not advertise its folly by adopting the resolutions." But the assembly did "advertise its folly" by adopting the one, and its good sense by turning down the other. Ł However, there is an inconsistency in the action of the assembly which will be apparent on a moment's re-flection. If it is wrong for men, women and childrenŠif it is wrong for ChristiansŠto visit the exposition and view the wonderful works of art on Sunday, why, in the name of true Christianity, would it not also be a wrong thing for Christians to fight on Sunday? Why would it not be wrong for them to fight on any day of the week? And if it is right for Christians to fight on Sunday, and it appears that this assembly thinks that to be the case, for they turned down the resolution against commencing battles on Sunday; then most certainly it cannot be a wrong thing for the directors to keep open doors, nor for the people to visit the exposition on Sunday. But all this goes to show the utter absurdity in which religionists involve themselves in attempting to regulate the consciences of their fellow men by resolutions or coer-cive measures. It also emphasizes the folly of their inter-meddling with governmental affairs. If civil governments deem it necessary to go to war, even on Sunday, and directors of corporations will to open their doors every day in the week, let them do so, for such is the right of each. But let ministers preach the gospel, and let all live the gospel. For in the doing of this they will do far more toward the accomplishment of the purposes of the gospel than anything else they can do. If they do this they will forever leave off this continued effort in the using of coercive measures, or in the doing of that which inevitably tends toward coercive measures. Will our Presbyterian brethren consider this carefully. An Unfortunate Comparison.ŠNo. 1. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. IT was hardly to have been expected that the national game of "ball" would become the redeeming virtue of the American people, or that this country would ever have its sports cited as the convincing evidence of the civiliza-tion, bravery, and enlightenment of its inhabitants. Nevertheless, one of the leading journals of the country (the Chicago Times-herald), and one that is usually quite sound in its conclusions, has attempted in good faith to score a point against the Spanish people and in favor of the American people by a comparison of the national sports of the two countries. It says truthfully that "sport after all is a serious matter," and that "the play hour and the manner of its spending, recreation, and the character of its indulgences, are considerations which become national in importance." It then portrays the brutality and cowardice of the Span-ish bull fight in which the matador fights "with an infe-rior with tremendous advantage in his favor," and how "every lad from Barcelona to Cadiz dreamsŠsleeping and wakingŠof the hero in the ring, and imbibes in infancy, cultivates in growth and exercises in manhood the essen-tials of the ideal character." This character must first be cruel and then cowardly. All Spaniards, however, are not bull-fighters, the majority' being even too cowardly for that, so that there is but one matador to many spec-tators, the spectators being fighters only "in their souls." It then proceeds to compare with this the national game of America which "i-; said to be baseball, although football has gained a wide popularity." Its remarks are confined particularly to baseball, although we see no reason why they are not just as applicable to football. The American in attending the national game finds the "very essence of his enjoyment in the equal termsŠof intelligence and muscle and trainingŠon which the contestants meet." The participant in the game "is training good human muscle and developing good human 