322 - SIEINTrINTior—. VOL. 8, No. 41. the negro race, which, reluctantly re-.counting its wrongs at the hands of a professed Christian people, suddenly cried, as if in pain at the necessity for it, " Do we not need a different Christianity from this ?" and. not ask themselves the same question? Who could listen to the cour-teous and gentlemanly plea of the Chinese Minister and not feel that the professed Christianity of this people as expressed in the foreign policy of the Nation was un-worthy a place within the pale of common humanity? Who could listen to the fear-less arraignment - of this Government, its people -and its Christianity, by the manly young Japanese, and not feel that the application of the theory of the "brother-hood of man" by the "Christian" United States was so far short of its principles, as comprehended by pagan Japan, as to merit the pity and the derision of angels and of men ? It is evident that there is a fatal incon-sistency somewhere. Where is it ? It lies in the fact that the ringing, rallying cry, " The fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man," is but words, empty, sounding words,Šand in the mouths and minds of those who speak them there is no realization of the depth of their mean-ing, or of the personal responsibility of every Christian life to be the personifica-tion of their spirit. In the mouths of the wealthy, fashionable, mammon-loving church member they are a mockery. In the mouths of careless, idle, ease-loving, selfish, professing Christians they are a mockery. In the mouths of those who uphold, or permit, " Jim Crow " cars, or "Jim Crow" church corners, they are a mockery. In the mouths of those who think, or say, or vote, that "the Chinese must go," they are a mockery. In the mouths of those who plead with Congress and the law-making powers to enact reli-gious dogma they are a mockery. In the mouths of those who plead for the enforce-ment of these religious enactments from the judge's bench and the jury box, they are a mockery. ButŠ" Be not deceived : God is not mocked." W. H. M. When Will the World Be Better? THE Independent, of October 5, contains a symposium on the questionŠ" Is the World Growing Better ?" Upon this ten well known persons have expressed their views in answer to the request of the Independent,Šamong them Mr. Moody, the evangelist. One paragraph from Mr. Moody's contribution is this:Š Men who reject the truth grow worse and worse, and we see the development of the kingdom of darkness going on side by side with the kingdom of light. The facts which every one who is not blinded by prejudice must see about him on every hand, as well as the teaching of Scripture, clearly indicate that " in the last days perilous times shall come." There is every indication that the present dispensation will end in a great smash-up; but I believe that out of that smash-up the most glorious age in the world's history will come. So I look into the future not with despair but with unbounded delight. This is a reasonable and noble optimism. These views are based on scriptural facts and the more sure word of prophecy. Yet, of all the ten, Mr. Moody alone sees with unprejudiced vision the realities of the development of the wheat and the tares' side by side, and the certainty of the ful-fillment of the inspired word that perilous times shall come in the last days, when all evil and cruelty shall abound in the hearts of the wicked, and " evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse." The Independent, in an editorial com-ment, characterizes these words of Mr. Moody's as "somewhat startling." Why so ? Is it startling to know that in the providence of God all this sin, wickedness, violence, crime, disease; want, suffering, sorrow, disaster and terror- by land and sea, and even death itself, shall come to an end and never be heard of more, so - that, they shall never again so muck as come into mind,Šis it unpleasantly start-ling to know all this ? Well, indeed, may we look, with Mr. Moody, into the future with " unbounded delight." And well, indeed, may these others be startled at the vista of the ages as it looms up before their frightened eyes with its progression of grisly terrors and never-ending de-struction. But they are not startled. Why not? Is it because they would,  rather suffer the ills that they know of now, than see the Son of God come to claim his own ? Let them stop and think whether they love the coming of their Lord, and are watching the evidences which he said should so inform them, who, in love of him, watched and waited,,  that his coming should not be to them as the approach of a thief in the night,, of which they, sleeping, are ignorant. The Independent continues :Š Every one knows that Mr. Moody is a Premillen-arian ; but he is not a man who obtrudes his own personal view on the subject upon the public. Our own question which we put to him, "Is the World Growing Better" ? was one which naturally, if not necessarily, called out an expression of such an'  opinion as he has given. He expects a speedy smash-up, and after that smash-up a new heaven and a new earth, in which Jesus Christ shall reign over a regenerate world. Such a speedy return of Christ the early- disciples expected. They were mistaken. Perhaps Mr. Moody is mistaken. Prophesying is risky business unless you know, and on this matter we know no more than did the early disciples, and they knew no more than did'  Christ, who said he did not know when that hourŁ should be. The theory of an imminent smashup is one that is based on the belief that, on the whole, the world is growing worse and worse, and that a perilous conflict is at hand between right and wrong, in which Satan will be conquered, not by the methods which the Church is now using to overcome him,, but by the immediate intervention of Jesus Christ, who shall overthrow the Evil One. While we do not hold this view, and do not believe that it is taught in Scripture, we yet respect it; and among those that hold it have been counted some of the most earnest and successful workers of the kingdom of God. Prophesying is certainly risky business to him who is not a prophet, but it is not-risky business to depend upon the " sure word of prophecy." Who was it that, said, "Behold, I make all things new " ?` Is there any risk in depending upon that word ? and if all things are to be made new will there not be a new heaven and a:  new earth ? Was it not He that sat upon, the throne that said this, and did he not say to the revelator that he should write these words for they were "true and faithful" ? Is Mr. Moody prophesying, then ? By no means, he is repeating the word of the Lord by his prophet John in:  Revelation 21 : 1-5. So, then, this we know that God said to John that he would' make all things new, and that he showed to him in vision " a new heaven and a new earth : for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away." But when shall this be ? It is true that Christ said that neither he nor the angels, only the Father, knew the day and the hour,Šbut what ad he said previously, in that same twenty-fourth chapter of Matthew, verses twenty-nine to thirty-five, inclusive ? If he had no approximate knowledge of the occurrence of this great event, and meant to convey none, why should he have sin- gled out a special generation which should follow certain phenomena in the heavens immediately after a clearly specified expe-rience of the people of God, and tell them specifically that that generation should not pass away before the 'Son of man should come again in his glory in the clouds of. heaven ?Šand emphasize his words got only with that beautiful parable of the spring-time and the budding fig-tree, but with those words of earnest ex-hortation which follow. What generation is this? Does Mr. Moody belong to the generation which, coming after these trib-ulations and the darkening of the sun and the moon and the falling of the stars, meets the description which. Christ here gave ? If he does, then why should he not look for these things to be even at the doors and their fulfillment imminent ? Did the apostles make the mistake, of which the Independent speaks ? And if the early disciples did,Šis that any reason why Mr. Moody should make a similar mistake ? Is it not rather a reason why he should not, profiting by the milestones of prophetic fulfillment through 1800 years ? Christ knew in what generation he should come, and he told his apostles,Šand Mr. Moody and the Independent, and we all have the privilege of knowing what he told them. Offenses must needs come, but shall it be through us that the of-fensive question is putŠ" Where is the promise of his coming"? Mr. Moody says that it shall not be through him, and so he looks for the close of this dispensation " according to his promise," and looks "into the future, not with despair, but with unbounded delight." W. H. M. " Boycott" the Watchword. THE term " boycott " is of comparatively recent origin, having been in use less than a dozen years. The word originated in Ireland, and is derived from a man's name, Captain Boycott, a land agent of Mayo, Ireland, where, because of a dislike to him by the tenants of the community in which he held the control of lands, they all com-bined and refused to have anything to do with his land, and it was impossible to secure renters therefor. From this cir-cumstance the word is coined and the defi-nition given is the withholding of social or business 'relations from a certain indi-vidual or corporation and an endeavor to deter others from holding such relations. This is the very spirit that the seer of Patmos beheld as he looked down through the ages and saw the edict go forth that no man should buy or sell save he who had the mark of the beast. This is noth-ing more than the papal badgeŠthe Sunday Sabbath. It is a well known and acknowledged fact that it was the threats of a withdrawal of political support on the part of the " Christian lobbyists " in Washington at the last session of the Leg-islature that did more than anything else to secure the Sunday-closing proviso of the World's Fair appropriation. Three years ago President Blanchard, while in attendance at the district meeting of the American Sabbath Union at Des Moines said that the way to stop the Sunday newspaper was to boycott it, and empha-sized his opinion with this utterance, " Why, I would rather swear for half an hour than to buy a Sunday newspaper for a minute." Rev. Alfred H. Henry, a Methodist minister of Chicago, at a mass meeting 