=  ﬂIF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."   Vol. 11, No. 27. NEW YORK, JULY 9, 1896. Price, Three Cents.     American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY DY TAE P(ICIFIC FBESS PUBLISHING coNrpor, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY EDITOR, C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR,   L. A. SMITH. IS SUNDAY A CIVIL INSTITUTION ? THAT Sunday is primarily a religious insti- tution nobody will deny. In the case of Hennington vs. the State of Georgia,' the Supreme Court of that State said:Š With respect to the selection of the particular day in each week which has been set apart by our statute as the rest day of the people, religious views and feel-ings may have had a controlling influence, We `doubt not that they did have; and it is probable that the same views and feelings had a very powerful influ-ence in dictating the policy of setting apart any day whatever as a day of enforced rest. But notwithstanding this admission, the Georgia court, as our readers know, sustained the statute on the ground that it could "fairly and rationally be treated as a legitimate police regulation." In reviewing the case the Su-* preme Court of the United States, as our readers are also aware, adopted both the reasoning and the conclusions of the State court, thus sustaining a confessedly religious statute, Justices Fuller and White only dis-senting. Let us analyze this confession of the relig-ious origin and character of Sunday laws, and see just what iS admitted by the high tribunals making it. (1) " Religious views and feelings" had `` a controlling influence" in selecting the day of rest. (2) The same views and feelings "had a very powerful influence in dictating the policy of setting apart any day whatever as a day of enforced rest." It is difficult to see how, in the face of such admissions, any court could hold, as did the Supreme Courts of Georgia and of the United States, that a Sunday statute is " a legiti-mate police regulation." Enforced Sunday rest can have no justifica-tion except on the hypothesis that Sunday labor is immoral; and such labor can be held 90 Ga. 506-309. to be immoral only on the ground that it is irreligious. But it ought not to require any Argument to show that no such question can become " a legitimate " subject of " police regulation." It is to be feared that the same "religious views and feelings" which con-fessedly " had a controlling influence " in the making of the Georgia Sunday statute had a like influence in sustaining it in the State and Federal courts. The police power is " hard to define," but it will be admitted that it has its limitations. A law writer of some note has well said of this power that it is " unquestionably limited to the prevention of interference by one man with another."' "The fact," continues the same author, " that a man's conduct, his behavior, or his manner of living, may be Chief-Justice Melville W. Fuller. unwise, in view of his own position, or his health, and may result in injury to himself alone, physically or morally, affords no ground whatever for the interference of ,the police power' with his proceedings. It is settled that the State may compel an unwilling cit-izen to be vaccinated. But on what ground? "Church and State," by James T. Ringgold, Dean of the Baltimore Law School, and author of "The Law of Sunday," etc. Not because if he remains unvaccinated, he would be liable to catch the smallpox; nor yet because if he did catch it, he would prob-ably die; but solely because his unvaccinated condition renders him specially liable to be-come a source of contagion to others. This is an extreme case. But beyond this the police power certainly could not go in this country. It could not, for example, compel a man with a weak back to wear a porous plaster, a man with caries to submit to am-putation, a man with dyspepsia to take exer-cise, or a tired man to rest, because the suggested proceeding may be an advisable one in each case "for the individual's own interest." These observations are so apt and the truth stated so evident and the application of the principle to Sunday legislation so easy,_that but for the exceedingly potent " religious views and feelings " to which Sunday stat-utes owe both their existence and mainte-nance, they must certainly ere this have been relegated to that period of the world's history when " the church " was supreme over the State and the Pope set up and de-posed kings at his will. The opinions of both the courts to which we have referred'make mention of the " health" of the people as guarded by com-pulsory Sunday rest, but the idea is absurd. Even if it were demonstrated that a regular weekly period of rest was essential to health, it certainly could not be shown that that rest could not be had just as well on some other day as on Sunday. It is a fact that about one million persons in the United States do not take this rest upon Sunday, but upon the seventh day of the week; and they are not only not more unhealthful than those who rest on Sunday, but they are on an average actually even more health-ful, but, it must be admitted, from causes quite aside' from their weekly rest. As we have seen in the very outset of this article, the Supreme Courts of the State of Georgia and of the United States of America, both confess the religious character of Sunday laws; but it may be of interest to add some additional testimony to the same effect. Says Mr. Tiedeman: " The most common form of For the facts here referred to, see articles in our issue of February 27, by [Chas. E. Buell, Chief of the Division of Church Statistics in the 11th U. S. Census. 