402 ALMCIF-411ECIE C_AN SIEN-90 IN1 1L. Vol, 11, No. 51, attempt to sweep it entirely away. This subterfuge is that they get church dogmas or institutions embodied in the law, and then demand obedience to the law, throwing upon the dissenter the odium of "lawlessness and disrespect for the constituted authorities," while they pose as the champions of "law and. order," the "conservators of the State, and the stay of society"! Of all the pretenses that were ever em-ployed, this is perhaps the sublest. By it throughout the Middle Ages, anything and everything that the church could invent was forced upon the people. Its slimy trail can be traced throughout the history of the "Protestant" sects, in thus forcing upon the people such peculiar institutions as were characteristic of the sect that could obtain control of the law. And now it is made to flourish again, by all the sects together in thus forcing upon the people the one thing in which they are all agreed, and in which they have obtained control of the law, the observance of Sunday, "the Christian sabbath." Sunday, not only according to their own showing, but by every other fair showing that can be made, is a religious institution, a church institution, only. This they all know as well as they know anything. And yet they work constantly to get this church in-stitution fixed, and more firmly fixed, in the law, with penalties attached that are more worthy of barbarism than of civilization; and then, when anybody objects to it, they all cry out that "it is not a question of religion, it is simply a question of law. We are not asking any religious observance; all that we ask is respect for law"! ! The Christian and Protestant answer to all this is that neither the Sunday institution nor any other religions or ecclesiastical insti-tution has any right to a place in the law. And even when it is put into the law, this does not take away the right of dissent. The divine right of dissent from religious or ec-clesiastical institutions abides ever the same, whether the institution is out of the law or in the law. So long as the religious rite or institution is not in the law, they themselves acknowledge the inalienable right of every man to disregard it utterly. Whereas, as soon as they get the dogma fixed in the law, they deny the right of anybody to disregard it at all: though it is precisely the religious thing that it was before. But instead of the right to disregard it being taken away by this change of position of the church dogma, the truth is that when the institution is fixed in the law, the right of dissent then extends to that law. The subterfuge cannot destroy the right. From the church organizations the courts have caught up this cry. And, though ac-knowledging that the Sunday institution is religious; that it is enacted and enforced at the will of the church; and that the logic of it is the union of Church and State; yet they insist that, as it is in the law, and the law is for the public good, no right of dissent can be recognized; but the dissenter "may be made to suffer for his defiance by persecutions, if you call them so, on the part of the great majority." This argument is as old as is the contest for the right of the free exercise of religious belief. It was the very position occupied by Rome when the disciples of Christ were sent into the world to preach religious freedom to all mankind. Religious observances were enforced by the law. The Christians asserted and maintained the right to dissent from all such observances, and, in fact, from every one of the religious bservances of Rome, and to  believe religiously for themselves, though in so doing they totally disregarded the laws, which, on the part of the Roman State, were held to be beneficial to the population. Then, as now, it was held that, though religious belief was the foundation of the custom, yet this was no objection to it, because it had become a part of the legal system of the gov-ernment, and was enforced by the State for its own good. But Christianity then refused to recognize any validity in any such argu-ment, and so it does now. When paganism was supplanted by the pa-pacy in the Roman Empire, the same argu-ment was again brought forth to sustain the papal observances which were enforced by imperial law; and through the whole period of papal supremacy Christianity still refused to recognize any validity whatever in the ar-gument. In short, this argumentŠthis "miserable excuse"Šwhether made by churches or by courts, is the same old serpent (Rev. 12: 9, 12, 14) that tortured the Christians to death under pagan Rome; that burnt John Huss at Constance, and Michael Servetus at Geneva; that whipped and banished the Baptists, and banished and hanged the Quakers, in New England. Whether used by the Roman State and the Catholic Church, or by other States and other churches; whether in the early centuries, or in these last years of the nine-teenth century, of the Christian era; that argument is ever the same old serpent, and Christianity has always refused to recog-nize any validity whatever in it, and it al-ways will. A MISCHIEVOUS SUGGESTION. THE following has been published as having been spoken by Governor-elect Pingree, of Michigan, in an interview:Š I don't believe in these great fortunes. Here are the Vanderbilts, with their $100,000,000 apiece. That means an income of at least $5,000,000 and perhaps more. Figure that down, and it means an income of about $12,000 a day. "Think of it!" declared the mayor, raising his hands above his head; "one man having an income as large as that of 15,000 of his fellow-citizens com-bined. I believe we ought to have some kind of a law regulating those things. It seems the Consti-tution won't let us have an income tax and won't let us have an inheritance tax. I guess the Con-stitution needs amendment to it, so we can do something. "They talk of limiting the number of hours in a day's work. Why should not the amount of money that any one can pile up be limited? After they get so much let the accumulations be turned over to the Government to lessen the taxes of the people." "What is your idea of a proper sized fortune?" he was asked. "I haven't made tip my mind on that yet. When Carter Harrison died he left $350,000 to each of his children and gave the balance of his fortune to charitable objects, saying he thought $350,000 enough for any one man to have." We do not doubt that what is here pro-fessed will actually be put into practice yet. , It was done both in Rome and in France in the days which we have before mentioned. As Mr. Pingree says, there is talk, strong talk too, and there has been for years, of lim-iting the number of hours in a day's work. Now to the man who is dependent upon his day's work, that day's work is his capital; and to limit the number of hours that he may work in a day, is certainly to deprive him of just so much of his capital. And if this shall be done to the day's worker, why shall it not be done also to the millionaire? This argument is all right from the prom- ises; but what we should like to know is, Why should the number of hours in a days' work be limited? Why should not every man be left perfectly free to work as many hours in a day as he may choose to work? To limit the number of hours a day that a man may work who chooses to work, would be noth-ing less than an arbitrary and despotic use of power. And to limit the amount of wealth any man may possess would be noth-ing less. There are a number of questions suggested by Mr. Pingree's observations. He says that after the rich ones "get so much, let the ac-cumulations be turned over to the Govern-ment to lessen the taxes of the people." But under such conditions as this, how could Mr. Pingree be sure that there would be any accu-mulations after the limit was reached? It is hardly to be supposed that men would con-duct a business merely for the pleasure of turning over to the Government the accumu-lations. Would he also try to compel them by law to carry on the business after the limit of their own wealth was reached, so that the Government could have the further accumu-lations? These questions belong with those propositions. It is true, Mr. Pingree has not positively fixed yet in his own mind just what is the proper limit of wealth: though he seems to incline to Carter Harrison's estimate of $350,000. It is easily enough 16 to 1, how-ever, that there are more than 350,000 men in the United States who are positive that this limit is vastly too highŠso long as other people have the money. And, admitting the correctness of Carter Harrison's judgment as to what was best for his sons, and just how much of his wealth he would bestow upon each of them, can anybody be perfectly sure that he was so firmly fixed in the opinion that $350,000 was enough for any one man to have, that he would have been willing for the Government to appropriate all his accumula-tions above that sum ? There is room for considerable difference between a man's views of what is best for him to do with his own money, and his views of what other people or the Government may do with it. But even suppose that all the accumulations of all the people in the United States above $350,000 each were " turned over to the Government; " it would still be under the control of men, as "the Government" is only a certain set of menŠwho then can be per-fectly sure that this money would be used to any better purpose by the men who would then control it, than it is used by those who now control it ? Is it true that no such thing was ever heard of as jobs and extrava-gances on the part of officials of the Govern-ment ? Is it the testimony of universal ex-perience that men may be loose or tricky in money matters only until they get into office, but that then they are certain to be strictly honest and upright? Now we are not defending or excusing the ways of the rich: we are simply calling atten-tion to the serious defects in Mr. Pingree's proposed plan of dealing with them. It is true that many of them are using their wealth in ways that are only wildly and foolishly ex-travagant. Too many of them are lavishing their money on dogs and cats living and dead, while human beings are perishing within easy reach from their doors. Hundreds of them are gorging themselves at gorgeous feasts, while thousands are fairly starving all around. Thousands of them exhaust themselves in the very dissipation of pleasure, while misery stalks .before their eyes everywhere. They cut the wages of their employs from ten to twenty-five per cent. in order that their own 