       Ł The Graphic Atlas   AND -- Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. BY Ai 0 BARTHOLOMEW, F.R.G S , F R.S E.  Quarto (size, 10% x 83 inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, - $7, 50 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, $3.75  Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world, have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. In the United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially corm:Wed from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways. Among the special features are Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemit ) Valley, United States Rail-ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans. Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc , etc. The GAZETTEER of the WORLD is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 55,000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names. The results of the New Census have been incorporated. For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among-Atlases. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City-. CYCLONE WASHER! The ChagirrneAkchines. It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate-rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. Agents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-137 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mich. OCTOBER 17, 1895. 327 the Fortnightly Review, Capt. J. W. Gambier, of the British navy, takes of the situation. He predicts that in the coming struggle be-tween the destructive agencies of European societyŠanarchism, socialism, nihilism, etc. Šthe great powers will be compelled to call the papacy into alliance with them as the only conservative force which is equally strong among all their populations and which can strengthen their hands by securing for them the faithful support of the Catholic masses. VALE WORKHOUSE. [Dayton, (Tenn) Leader, Oct. 4.] AFTER the Seventh-day Adventists were convicted of violating the Sunday laws, a workhouse craze struck the county. What the county needed, and needed badly, was a workhouse with its gaudy trimmings in the shape of a commission of five, superintendent, guards, etc., and the scheme went through the county court like a greased coon through a melon patch. Well, the workhouse plan went into operation in July, and here is the expense melody to which the taxpayers must dance:Š July expenses $482.23 August "  256.82 September "  181.03 Total for three months 8920.08 So the little experiment cost,,-Rhea County $920.08, and if any commensurate public ben-efit has been derived from the outlay, it would require a committee of experts to discover it. The prisoners have all been released, except two females, and these have been turned over to the jailer again. FORECLOSING THEIR MORTGAGE. they propose to foster. It is thus apparent that in pledging themselves to the support of the Sunday " law " in the " interests of mo-rality," the politicians have sold themselves to the preachers, and they must not find fault if the purchasers demand the delivery of the goods. We are told that-Sunday "laws " are not designed to be religious, and that it is not their purpose to secure the religious observ- Ł ance of the day; that they are intended in fact, only "to guarantee to all men the right to rest one day in seven ;" but when the pol-iticians exercise that right, in their own way, and spend the " civil sabbath" in arranging their plan of campaign, they are roundly de-nounced by the preachers as violators of their pledge to " maintain Sunday law in the inter-ests of labor and morality." It is evident, therefore, that the preachers intend that the force of the Sunday " law " shall be to secure not only physical rest, but religious observ-ance, and to forbid everything which is not in keeping with the supposed character of the day. [Daily Standard, Leavenworth, Kansas.] ABOUT the meanest thing yet heard of in connection with the puritanic enforcement of Sunday laws now epidemic in the United States, is the case of a poor old crippled Ad-ventist shoemaker in Baltimore named Faust. A week ago last Sunday a policeman came smelling around his residence, and listening at the keyhole, heard him at work. Finding the front door locked, he tiptoed around to the back door slipped ,in and arrested him and dragged him off to jail. Give puritanism the full power it is seeking and it will blot out human liberty in less than no time. It is the only danger which threatens the liberties of the American people. Is THE open saloon any more a " ruthless invasion " of Sunday rest than a ruthless invasion of the peace and happiness of the home circle, of the tranquility of the State, and of the flower of American youth and manhood ? Then why all this furore to close the saloons on Sunday only ? Is it " in the interests of morality and labor" that, for the sake of giving legal support to a Church institution, the saloon should be given free course to invade every American home and snatch from it the pride of parents and the support of dependent children ? The legal closing on Sunday only, means legal sanction on all other days. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR T1INNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel inproper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches  diameter and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches. in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all tot° a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. & T. A. C. & G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern, Passenger Agent, G. 1'. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. SUNDAY, October 6, was spent by the lead-ers of the anti-Tammany forces of this city in arranging a fusion ticket in the interests of  " reform." This action was discussed the next day in the Methodist Preachers' Meet-ing, after which the following was unani- mously adopted:Š The members of the New York Preachers' Meeting of the Methodist Episcopal Church desire to put on record their condemnation of the action of the repre-sentatives of political parties and political faction, who, claiming to represent the reform sentiment in this city, spent the hours of Sunday, October 6, in conference over the parcelling out of nominations for office on the basis of the number of votes they claimed to control. We desire to declare that in a political campaign where the chief moral issue is the rigid enforcement of Sunday law this sabbath desecration by the men who claim to represent the moral elements in our pol-itics is an outrageous affront to not only the Christian sentiment of the people, but to the moral sense of all law-abiding citizens. It will be seen from this that the Methodist preacherS are not satisfied simply with the enforcement of the " law " as it stands, but that they demand that Sunday shall be ob-served as the Sabbath. There is nothing in the so-called Sunday law of New York to for-bid politicians to consult together in regard to candidates, or even to hold a convention upon that day. Such action would not be contrary to the statute, nor is it contrary to good morals upon any other hypothesis than that Sunday is the divinely-appointed Sabbath; and this is the very ground upon which action was taken by Methodist preachers. The politicians had placed themselves upon record as favoring " the maintenance of the Sunday law' in the interests of labor and morality." The preachers seize upon this and demand that politicians shall themselves set an example of the kind of " morality " which 