132 AMME-1,ICAN VoL. 9. No. IT. the presence or actions of objectionable persons, or of the expression of offensive opinions; toleration. Tolerate, To suffer to be, or to be done, without prohibition or hindrance; to allow or permit nega-tively, by not preventing; not to restrain; to put up with ; as, to tolerate doubtful practices. Toleration. 1. The act of tolerating; the allowance of that which is not wholly approved. 2. Specifically, the allowance of religious opinions and modes of wor-ship in a State when contrary to, or differing from, those of the established church or belief. It follows that that which government merely tolerates it might properly pro-hibit. Toleration is the granting of an unmerited favor, not the acknowledging of an inherent right. Hence, if " toleration in religion" be the "best fruit of the last four centuries," we are no further ad-vanced than was Rome in the early part of the fourth century, for in his edict concerning the Christians, Galerius said : " We permit them, therefore, freely to profess their private opinions, and to as-semble in their conventicles without fear of molestation, provided always that they have due respect to the established laws and government." " It will be well to note here," says Mr. Adams, "the words ' freely to profess their private opinions' and `assemble in their conventicles,' for the permission in these words accorded constitute the essence of religious tolera-tion." That is true; but they likewise constitute the essence of despotism, for they assert the right (by implication, it is true, but not the less certainly do they assert it), to withhold the very freedom which they conditionally grant. In the Virginia Convention of 1776, it was proposed to provide that all men should "enjoy the fullest toleration in the exercise of religion, according to the dic-tates of conscience, unpunished and unre-strained by the magistrate." But Madison objected to the use of the word " tolera-tion." He pointed out the distinction between the recognition of an absolute right and the toleration of its exercise; for toleration implies the power of ,juris-diction. He proposed, therefore, instead of providing that all men should "enjoy the fullest toleration in the exercise of religion," to declare that " all men are equally entitled to the full and free exer-cise of religion according to the dictates of conscience." Mr. Madison's suggestion was adopted, and the Bill of Rights of the State of Virginia contains that provision to-day. Shortly after the adoption of the Declar-ation of Independence, the ,‚Presbytery of Hanover, in Virginia, together with the Baptists and Quakers, presented a memo-rial to the Assembly of Virginia, asking for the disestablishment of the Episcopal Church in that State, and that the example set by the Declaration of Independence should be extended to the practice of reli-gion according to the Bill of Rights. In this memorial they said :Š The duty that we owe to our Creator, and the man-ner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the universal Judge. To judge for ourselves and to engage in the exercises of religion agreeable to the dictates of our own conscience is an inalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the reformation from popery carried on, can never be transferred to another. The Episcopal Church was disestab-lished, but subsequently an effort was made to levy a tax for the support of the Christian religion. The passage of this bill at the session of the assembly at which it was proposed was prevented only by securing its postponement. A remon-strance was then circulated among the people, which secured the final defeat of  the measure. The keynote of this remon-strance was thatŠ The religion of every man must be left to the con-viction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. . . . We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance. The result of the circulation of the re-monstrance was such that the objection-able bill was defeated; and in its stead was passed, in 1785, " An act for estab-lishing religious freedom." This act de-clared in its preamble that asŠ Almighty God hath created the mind free, . . . all acts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do. The act itself concluded with the follow-ing declaration :Š Though we well know that this assembly, elected by the people for the ordinary purpose of legislation, has no power to restrain the acts of succeeding as-semblies, constituted with the powers equal to our own, and that, therefore, to declare this act irrevocable, would be of no effect in law, yet we are free to declare, and do declare, that the rights hereb1 asserted are of the natural rights of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the present or to narrow its operation, such act will be an infringe-ment of natural rights. This was an absolute denial of the idea of toleration, for it was en assertion of natural and inalienable right. And so determined were our forefathers that this principle should live forever in American law, that they imbedded it in the very foundation of the general Government, providing in the national Constitution that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office of public trust under the United States;" and that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." On the same subject, and directly in the same line, President Washington sulise-quently said The citizens of the United States of America have a right to applaud themselves for having given to man-kind examples of an enlarged and liberal policy, a policy worthy of imitation. All possess a like liberty of conscience and immunities of citizenship. It is now no more that toleration is spoken of ; as if it was by the indulgence of one class of people that another enjoyed their inherent right. In 1827 Lord Stanhope voiced the same sentiment in the British House of Lords. He said : " The time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon; it is now demanded as a right ; but the time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." Philip Schaff and Judge Cooley have also both emphasized the same dis-tinction. The former says: " In our country we ask no toleration. for religion and its free exercise, but we claim it as an inalienable right." The latter declares that in this country we " have not estab-lished religious toleration merely, but re-ligious equality." Thus it is seen that the distinction be-tween religious toleration and religious rights is not merely a figment of the mind, but a living reality, seen and acknowledged not only by lexicographers, but by states-men. And not only that there is a dis-tinction, but that toleration is opposed to rights, for it is a denial of them. Nor is this a difference simply in theory. Wrong theories lead to wrong practices; and it is so in this case. The assumption of the right to tolerate has borne its legiti- mate fruit in every land where it has gained a foothold; and in almost every State of the American Union, as well as in other so-called Christian countries, we find' evidences of this fact. Galerius tor-erated the Christians "provided always that they have due respect to the estab-lished laws and government." The par-allel to this is found in the constitutions of several of our American States; for instance, the constitution of Maryland contains this provision:Š As it is the duty of every man to worship God in such manner as he thinks most acceptable to him, all persons are equally entitled to protection in their reli-gious liberty; wherefore, no person ought, by law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless, under the color of religion, he shall disturb the good order, peace, or safety of the State, or shall infringe the laws of morality,eor injure others in their natural, civil, or religious. rights. As construed by the highest court in the State, this constitutional provision provides simply for toleration and is no bar to the passage of laws requiring all men without exception to show a degree of deference to certain religious institu- tions and beliefs; for instance, belief in a future state of rewards and punishments is in Maryland requisite to competency as a witness or juror; and all men in that State must refrain from work on Sunday under penalty of fine or imprisonment, or both. Of course the justification for such legislation is found by the courts in the latter part of the constitutional provision already quoted; and Sunday work is held to disturb the good order and peace of the State and to infringe the laws of morality. But who does not see that with a suffi-ciently strong public sentiment the same thing would be true in exactly the same sense of any practical dissent from the prevailing religion ? For instance the time was when the holding of a Baptist meeting in Virginia was held to be a dis-turbance of the peace of the State, and so it might be in Maryland to-day under the constitution of that State were the people sufficiently sensitive to feel themselves outraged by the holding of such meetings. In his decision of the well-known King's Sunday case in Tennessee in 1891, Judge Hammond said :Š The crime is in doing the thing forbidden by law, harmless though it be in itself. [U. S. vs. Jackson, 25 Fed. Rep., 548; Re McCoy, 31, Fed. Rep.. 794; S. C., 527, U. S. 731, 733.] Therefore, all that part of the argument that it is not hurtful in itself to work on Sunday, apart from the religious sanctity of the day, is beside the question; for it may *be that the courts would hold that repeated repetitions of a violation of law forbidding even a harmless thing, could be a nui-sance as tending to a breach of the peace. [2 Bish Cr. L., section 965; 1 Ib., section 812.] Neglecting to do a thing is sometimes a nuisance. [1 Russ. Cr., 318.] That is to say, a nuisance might be predicated of an act harmless in itself, if the will of the majority had lawfully forbidden the act, and rebellion against that will would be the gravamen of the offense. According to this there is no such thing as absolute right. And whatever offends the will of the majority may be forbidden however harmless it may be in itself ! A more pernicious principle never obtained even in the Roman Empire, for it sweeps away all rights and enthrones mere tolera- tion instead. How far-reaching Judge Hammond's language is, and was intended to be, may be seen from the following words also from the same decision :Š By no State more thoroughly than Tennessee, where sectarian freedom of religious belief is guaranteed by the constitution ; not in the sense argued here, that King as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of 