368 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 24, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN another column of this paper mention is made of the arrest in Kent County, Md., of. a Seventh-day Adventist for quietly husking corn in his own field on the first day of the week. Š0Š Tins man was arrested on complaint of the Methodist minister who has, during the past year, lost a number of his mem-bers by the organization of an Adventist church at Rock Hall, in Kent County. Š0Š THE Adventist church at Rock Hall has a membership of over eighty. Some of these were formerly Methodists, but quite a number made no profession of re-ligion until they became Adventists. Some of the men were addicted to the immoderate use of liquors, and nearly all were slaves to the tobacco habit. Now all are free from both these hurtful things, and tongues formerly used to blaspheme God, and to curse their fellow-men, are now employed in sounding his praise for deliverance from the bondage of sin. The power of God to save from sin has proved more attractive to the peo-ple of Rock Hall than the ministrations of the Methodist preacher, hence the arrest of Mr. Judefind and threats of other ar-rests for Sunday work. Š0Š BUT while Methodists are persecuting Adventists in this country by means of the civil law, Roman Catholics are persecu-ting Methodists in Austria,Šand in both cases, both with Adventists in Tennessee and with Methodists in Austria, the civil law is simply being enforced. An article from the Mail and Express printed in an-other column, gives the facts in the per-secution of Methodists in Vienna. Š0--- IT is a little strange, however, that while the Mail and Express is so quick to cry out against religious persecution in for-eign lands, it apparently knows nothing of the outrages being perpetrated upon God-fearing men in the United States un-der the color and forms of civil law. Is Mr. Shepard opposed to persecution from principle, or does he oppose it only when it is directed against those whose favor he would curry for political purposesŠthe Jews, for instance, or with whose reli-gious views he is in sympathy ? It looks very much as though the latter is the truth. THE article on another page of this paper, " Civil Liberty," by Henry M. Taber, in Freethinker's Magazine, while couched in very mild and considerate terms, is a stinging, and withal a fitting rebuke to the professed Church of Christ for its bigotry and intolerance. Š0-- EXCEPT for the selfishness of professed Christians, all the world would long since have been compelled to admit the mild and benign character of the religion taught by the Lord Jesus Christ. But for centuries the course of the Church, both Protestant and Catholic, has been such as to fasten upon the minds of men the idea that intolerance exists as the legitimate fruit of Christianity, instead, as is really the case, in spite of the benef-icent teachings of its Author, and in utter disregard of the plainest principles and precepts of his gospel. Š0Š INFIDELS have in the past acknowledged that the Inquisition and the spirit that prompted it were alike foreign to the re-ligion promulgated by Christ. Yet fail-ing to discern in the gospel any power to soften the cruel heart and to subdue the natural impulse of man to lord it over his fellows, they have jumped to the con-clusion that Christianity is no better than any other religion, that it is simply an ethical system without originality and without power to transform its disciples or to make them better and nobler men, filled with more generous impulses. And for this, " Christians " of the National-Reform - American - Sabbath - Union type are responsible. It is a fearful responsi-. bility ; but they must one day meet it at the judgment seat of Christ whom they have so grossly misrepresented. -0-- Two weeks ago we said : " Among the so-called orthodox religious papers we know of but one, the New York Independ-ent, that has really entered any protest against the action of the State of Tennes-see in the matter of the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists." And now the editor of the Christian Patriot, published at Morristown, Tenn., writes requesting a correction of the statement, and sending as evidence that his paper is also an ex-ception, the article, " An Injustice, " which we print on page 364. We do not agree .with the Patriot's views of Sunday laws, but we cheerfully give place to this article as simple justice to our contem-porary. The Patriot is entitled to define its position. We shall have more to say on this subject next week. THE Christian Advocate boasts that " one person in three, not only in Balti-more, but in Maryland, is either a mem-ber or an adherent of some branch of Methodism." That being true they ought to be able to make it very uncomfortable for the few Adventists in that State, and  undoubtedly they will, especially as the Sunday law of that commonwealth affords them the means of so doing, and one of their ministers has set them the example by inaugurating the persecution. But what would Wesley say ? Would he own such degenerate sons of Methodism as his disciples ? WE are not sure after all but that the term " American Sabbath " is properly applied to Sunday. It is certainly not the Sabbath of the Lord, neither is it the Lord's Sabbath. It is true that as a holiday, Sunday is very ancient; but as a rival of the Lord's dayŠthe true Sabbath Šit is comparatively modern. As a first-class fraud it is indebted more to America than to any other country in the world, and America ought to have the credit. There is also a fitness in the term "Amer-ican " used in this connection, for it is a confession that Sunday is not the Sabbath. The very use of the terms, " American Sabbath," " Christian Sabbath," "Weekly Independence Day," etc., mark the contrast between the day to which they are applied and that which inspiration designates simply as the Sabbath. Š0Š THE Christian Statesman approvingly quotes Col. Elliott F. Shepard, as follows, on the Sunday paper The preparing, selling, buying and reading of the Sunday papers breaks and leads to the break-ing of every one of God's laws, and keeps people away from church, so that it is as true now as it was when our glorious Lord was upon the earth, that the people can not come to him because of the press. It is nowhere stated in the Bible that " the people could not come to Him be-cause of the press." We have, however, this record :Š And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four. And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay. The " press," which, however, was not the Sunday paper, but a multitude of peo-ple, did not prevent those who wanted to reach Jesus from gaining his presence. Neither will those who now desire to come to the Lord as earnestly as did the poor paralytic be hindered by the press even though it be the Mail and Ex-"press." The Colonel's quotation is inaccurate, and so misleading; but his pun is accurate. It is the correct measure of the man. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Si/nyle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. 25 tp 99 copies ,' - 80c. 44 10, to 249 4, 44 Si 4, 44 - - 75c. " 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. — 500 to 999 " " " " - - 6,5c. " 1000 or more 44 44 44 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings' Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 