232 A.MIIEMZICA.INT SIONTFIINTIE1111.4 OL. 11, No. 29. NEW YORK, JULY 23, 1896. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. No combination of civil force with religion, Šlet this be the motto of every liberty-loving American. THERE is no theme more important, and scarcely any more prominent, before the American public than that of " Christian cit-izenship." The SENTINEL will thoroughly discuss this subject in coming numbers. IT seems to be thought nowadays, even by religious people, that there is not power enough in the simple word of God to accom-plish any great reform. But the truth is that there is no power outside of that word to ac-complish any genuine reform from evil to righteousness. IN the time of the Ceesars, Jesus said, " If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." John 18:36. In this day of republics, he would say, If my king-doms were of this world, then would my servants vote,Šfor the same object, of course; namely, his enthronement as this world's king. CHRISTIAN reform always attacks evil in the individual heart,Šat its very citadel. But there is a spurious sort of " Christian reform" which does its work outside the heart, by legislation and other human means which cannot affect the heart. The avenue of true Christian reform is faith; its weapon is the word of the living God. THE Christian Endeavor Society announces that it will engage in politics, but will avoid any " entangling political alliances." We can assure the society that when it steps into the jungle of American politics, it will soon find itself in a very " entangling " situation. This country is in no more need of a new po-litical sect than of a new religious sect; and especially has it no use whatever for a politico-religious party. THE N. Y. Christian Advocate, of July 16, speaking of the increasing tendency to worldly practices among the masses on the "sabbath" day, well says:Š How may these tendencies be arrested? Physical force will not avail. Arguments drawn from mere expediency or physical health or present advantage are insufficient. The arm of civil law will utterly fail. Truth lodged in the soulŠtruth moving the conscienceŠwill be effectual, and only this. Chris-tians who have fallen into wrong habits can be recov-ered only by divinely-wrought convictions in respect to sabbath observance. To produce such convictions  is the important work of the home, the school, and the church. And yet "the church" of to-day is diligently seeking, as if it were her most important work, for the help of that very " arm of civil law " which " will utterly fail," in pronloting "sabbath " observance among the people. Does the church expect to secure "divinely-wrought convictions " on this point by the means of civil enactments? IF the noble, God-fearing and Christ-loving army of young men and young women who rep-resent "Christian endeavor" in this land, shall be fully led aside from the path of Christian usefulness upon which they have so enthusi-astically entered, into the antichristian course of favoring and working for religious legisla-tion, by the designing spirits which are seek-ing with might and main to influence them to this course, it will be the collossal sin of the century. BALLS AND CHAINS. THE following telegram was received just before going to press:Š " Tiptonville, Tenn., July 19, 1896. "AMERICAN SENTINEL : Conviction in three cases. Penalty $1 and costs, which are heavy. Numerous unnecessary witnesses. All jailed. County provided balls and chains." " C. P. BOLLMAN." This announces the result of the trials of four Seventh-day Adventists for the crime(?) of doing honest labor on the first day of the week, which injured no one in person or property, and which disturbed no one's public or private devotions on that day. Others before have been condemned to the chain-gang, but while they have been compelled to march and work with those who were chained, they have not been compelled to wear chains themselves; but it would appear from the above that these honest, harmless, industrious Christian men are to actually carry balls and chains for the offense of keeping the com-mandments of God, one of which commands men to rest on the seventh day, or Saturday, and gives them the privilege to work the other six. What next? THE Roman pontiff has aroused the resent-ment of English Protestants, by an attempt to defeat the deceased wife's sister bill, which is now in the hands of Parliament. The English canonical law which forbids a man to marry his deceased wife's sister, is an anamoly which finds support only among the party which cling blindly to the church traditions, and as such it not unfittingly finds an ally in the pope. The latter's position in the controversy was disclosed by Lord Dunraven's production of a " whip " sent to the Catholic peers, in which Cardinal Vaughan declared that he had the authority of the pope to call upon all Catho-lics to oppose the bill. Referring to this, the Daily News said : "The impudent attempt of  an Italian priest to interfere in the decisions of the British Parliament has no parallel since Pope Pius lX. procured the defeat of Mr. Gladstone's Irish University bill, in 1873." The pope seems to find less opposition in this country when he dictates the course of American Catholics in political affairs. A VICTORY! THE International Religious Liberty Asso-ciation won a notable victory for the cause of religious liberty at the Christian Endeavor convention held at Washington, D. C., last week. Previous to the assembling of the con-vention, an officer of the National Reform Association publicly announced that his asso-ciation would control the convention in the interest of "National Reform." The Inter-national Religious Liberty Association, per-ceiving that this convention of 60,000 dele-gates and visitors would furnish an excellent opportunity to disseminate the truth regard-ing the present "good citizenship" move-ment, and the crusade for national Sunday legislation, laid plans to circulate religious liberty literature among the assembled thou-sands. Accordingly, a four-page leaflet, es-pecially adapted to the occasion, entitled, "How Shall We Reform Society," was pre-pared. The tract, " Congress and Sunday Laws," was revised, and nearly 240,000 pages of these tracts were circulated at the conven-tion. The leaders of the convention early realized the influence of this literature, and dared not introduce their resolutions, fearing the result of 'a discussion. And besides all this the meeting, engineered by Dr. Crafts, which was to have been the climax of the convention and a great demonstration for a national Sunday law, was attended by only 1,500 delegates. Allen Moon, President of the International Religious Liberty Association, had charge of the distribution of the literature, and all the members of this Association and the friends of liberty of conscience should rejoice at this victory. Reader, are you a member of this Association? Are you aiding it to accomplish these victories? If riot, why not? THE Pope claims to be the vice-gerent of the Son of God,Šthat is, the earthly repre-sentative of Christ as moral governor of the world. The same claim, whether made for the whole world or on a smaller scale, will support a papacy anywhere. The Italian pa-pacy is not the only one in existence. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 