190 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. astics control the civil power. And how are you going to escape it under such laws as here proposed ? Who is to enforce these Sunday laws ? Who, indeed, but those who are working for them ? Cer-tainly those who are opposed to them, or indifferent about them, will not enforce them. Who then are they who are work-ing for the enactment of these laws ? Who organize the conventions and count out the opposite votes ? Who appeared here before your committee to argue in favor of it ? Who, indeed, but the Church man-agers ? for you saw how summarily the Knights of Labor part of the delegation was squelched. Well, then, if it is the Church which secures the enactment of the law, it will be the Church that will have to see to the enforcement of the law. In order to do this she will be compelled to have police and courts which will do her bidding. This is her great difficulty now. There is now no lack of Sunday laws, either in the States or the Territories, but the laws are not en-forced. In order to get executives and po-lice and courts who will enforce the law to her satisfaction, the Church will have to elect them. Then, as said Mr. Crafts in this city the other day, they will form "law and order leagues to enforce " the Sunday laws. Here then is the system : The Church combines to get the law enacted; the Church secures the election of officers who will do her bidding; the Church forms " law and order leagues " to make sure that the officers do her bidding and enforce the law. Where, then, will the State appear, but in the subordinate posi-tion to formulate and execute the will of the Church ? Then you have the Church above the State, the ecclesiastical superior to the civil power. This is just what is in this national Sunday-law movement; and this is what will certainly come out of it. It is inherent there. But when George III. undertook to make the military superior to the civil power, our liberty-loving fathers declared it tyranny and avowed such things should not be in this land. And now when a movement reaches the national Capitol which bears in itself an attempt to make the ecclesiastical superior to the civil power, it is time for the American people to declare that this is tyranny also, and re-solve that no such thing shall be in this land. That attempt one hundred and fourteen years ago grew out of the " di-vine right of kings " to govern, and the doctrine that governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. This attempt now grows out of the divine right of the ecclesiastics to govern, and likewise that governments do not derive their just powers from the con-sent of the governed. The President of the American Sabbath Union, which is the originator of this national Sunday-law scheme, has definitely declared in so many words that " governments do not derive  their just powers from the consent of the governed; " and one of the secretaries of an auxiliary Union has as definitely stated that "this movement is an effort to change that feature of our fundamental law." Gentlemen, when such doctrines as these are openly avowed, and when such an at-tempt as this is made by those who avow them, to embody them in national law, it is time for all the people to declare as we decidedly do, that this Nation is, and of right ought to be, FREE AND- INDEPEND-ENT OF ALL ECCLESIASTICAL OR RELIGIOUS CONNECTION, INTERFERENCE, OR CONTROL. Selfish and Tyrannical. THE proposed religious legislation as embodied in the Blair-Crafts-Breckinridge Sunday bigotry, is "not dead but sleep-ing," and will no doubt bob up serenely at the beginning of every new session of Congress. It is really an indirect confes-sion on the part of its advocates that they are losing faith in the invincible power of love in the conquest of the world. But it is not "religion, pure and unde-filed before the Father," but ecclesiasti-cism which is foremost and -uppermost in this Sunday-law crusade. The former is always tolerantŠ" not puffed up "Šand is ever ready to fulfill the golden rule, while the latter is always selfish and tyrannical, according to power and opportunity, and disposed to control the human conscience by force. It is strange that professed followers of Christ should forget the lines defined and ordered by the Founder of our religion, and appeal to the State to aid them with its fines and prisons in the spread of re-ligious truths, when the facts are ever before us to prove that in this country, where Church and State have thus far been divorced, Christianity is on a better and more promising footing than it is in any other country on the globe.ŠJ. G. Clark, in Oregonian. A Modern Inquisitor. WHAT a perfectly inquisitorial disposi-tion Census Superintendent Porter must have ! First, he commissions the enumer-ator to inquire into the financial difficul-ties, the private defects, and secret diseases of all the people, with the idea of conapel-ling answers under penalty of one hun-dred dollars. When he found this- could not be made to work, he then undertook to get the physicians all over the country to violate their professional oaths and be-tray professional confidences, by- revealing the private diseases and secret maladies of all their- patients. Since he found that the physicians of the country were men too honorable to stoop to such shame-ful dealing, he now directs that where the persons themselves refuse to Answer these wickedly hatched questions,, the enumera-tor " should obtain the information by  guiry from neighbors, and enter it upon his schedule the same as if obtained from the head or some member of the family." No doubt Mr. Porter, by this last effort, will obtain a host of information. In many instances " neighbors " know more about other people than those people know about themselves, and are ready to tell it.- But anybody who would trust such " information " would have to be of as remarkable disposition as is the author of this inquisition himself. We doubt whether the records of the Papacy con-tain the names of a person more perfectly qualified for the office of Inquisitor-General than this record 'shows Census Superintendent Robert P. Porter to be. How Do They Use It? THE lessening of the hours of labor may seem to be a very good thing for mechan-ics, but it is not impossible that in the long run it may be found to work against their interests. A great many persons who are not mechanics, but toil as arduously as any mechanics ever do or did, do not find that they can make a fair living un-less they work more than eight hours a day. If the whole wide world can get along upon eight hours a day for toil, and is ready to devote the rest of its time to proper rest and recreation, and to such pursuits as will help to relieve those who engage in them, we wish the eight-hour rule might be established the world over. But the question arises, whether, apart from possible financial difficulties, the re-duction of the hours of labor and conse-quent increase of hours of idleness may not prove in a moral point of view more hurtful than helpful to the laboring classes ? Do they use well such leisure as they now have ? Or do they use it in a way that suggests that increase of leisure would prove only a curse, and not a bless-ing ?ŠNew York Observer. 4,- Ł A, RELIGIOUS paper of Oakland, Cali-fornia, has the following item which con- tains a thought worth repeating. It says :Š There is published in Santa Cruz, Cali-fornia, a monthly journal called the Bud-dhist Ray, which boasts of being the first paper of its kind published in a Christian city. It is being circulated in Japan. What is a Christian city ? And if a city-were Christian, would it publish a Buddhist journal? The doctrine of Christ is, "Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." The paper has naught of which to boast. Christ would not recog-nize Santa Cruz as his, any more than he would Yeddo, Oakland, London, or any other city. THE defeat of what is known as the Bennett law, on a direct issue in Mil-waukee, shows the danger of carrying Ł unnecessary proscription into the public schools.--Christian at Work. 