4 TI=IE AMERICAN SENTINEL. by a law of the United States. This is confirmed by that clause of the petition which speaks of those who " religiously " observe another day "by abstaining from labor and business." This shows that in the mind of the one who wrote that peti-tion, to regularly abstain from labor and business on a certain day is to religiously observe that day. Now the petition asks Congress to "forbid, " within its jurisdic-tion, "all Sunday traffic and work," which, . by the definition of the petition itself, is to enforce the religious observance of Sunday. In logical formula the matter stands thus :Š To regularly abstain from labor and business on a certain day is to religiously observe that day. The petition asks Congress to compel all within its jurisdiction to regularly abstain from all labor and business on Sunday. Therefore the petition does ask Congress to compel all within its jurisdiction to re-ligiously observe Sunday. The truth is that that petition for a Sun-day law does not, and never did, contem-plate anything else than that religious observances shall be enforced by such law. But the enforcement of religious observances by law is wicked in every form in which it may be proposed. It was to guard the rights of the people from such interferences as this that the Constitution was made to declare that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." For Congress to compel men in any way whatever to re-ligious observance is to prohibit the free exercise of religionŠeven in those who already practice the religious observances sought to be enforced. This petition asks Congress to do an unconstitutional thing; and any bill introduced in Congress in harmony with the petition will be an at-tempt to do an unconstitutional thing. There is another point in these "excep-tions" that is worthy of attention, The petition asks that the law shall " except " "private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week," &c. And the writer of this article heard the author of the petition say that this means "work in the home." Now we should like to know how the Sunday-law people are going to be able to tell whether or not anybody is doing any private work in his home on Sunday un-less they enter into that person's home to see, or else set spies upon him and his home to detect whether he does such work or not. This petition, therefore, does ask that the private affairs, and the homes of American citizens shall on Sunday be made subject to the invasion and the bigoted surveillance of the Sunday-law meddlers. But our fathers supposed they had enough of that to last them and their children through all time to come, when they threw off the yoke of England; and they, there-fore, expressed their mind to that effect  when they declared in Article IV. of the United States Constitution, that "the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and effects, against un-reasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated," That that petition is con-trary to this provision of the Constitution, there can be no honest dispute. Under this government every man's house is his castle. He is lord there. And no man, no set of men, on this earth has any right whatever to invade the privacy of that home. The government itself cannot do it, it is forbidden to do it except upon a warrant issued in proper form. "And no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized." Therefore it is proved by this count also that the petition for a national Sunday law which is being circulated by the American Sabbath Union does ask Congress to do an unconstitutional thing, and any bill pro-posed in Congress embodying this part of the petition will be an attempt to do an unconstitutional thing. The fact is that the whole Sunday-law scheme which is now so extensively worked, is nothing else than an attempt to carry into effect here that same despotic spirit of religious meddling in civil things that has been the bane of all nations but this,Šand this one has been free from it only since the formation of the national Constitu-tion and of the national government by it. As we said at the first, we do not sup-pose that one person in ten of those who have either signed or indorsed that petition ever looked into it to see what it does really ask. This is not spoken of the leaders however; we are perfectly satisfied that they know precisely what the petition asks for, and that they are ready to enforce all its provisions, just as soon as they can secure the much-coveted power to do it. But are all the people ready to have it done? For convenience' sake we here insert the following petition to Congress, which we ask the reader to examine and compare with the Sunday-law petition, and then candidly ask himself whether it is not more worthy of the indorsement of Amer-ican citizens than the other. This petition covers the other one and more; it is against the proposed constitutional amendment also. " We, the undersigned, adult residents of the United States, 21 years of age or more, hereby respectfully, but earnestly, petition your Honorable Body not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, or any other religious or ecclesiastical institution or rite; nor to favor in any way the adoption of any resolution for the amendment of the national Constitution that would in any way give preference to the principles of any one religion above another, or that will in any way sanction legislation upon the subject of religion: but that the total separation between religion and the State, assured by our national Constitution as it now is, may forever remain as our fathers estab- lished" " A. T. J. What Christ Taught. Mr. HUGH 0. PENTECOST, formerly a minister;  now the editor of the Twentieth Century, a "liberal" paper, has in a recent issue of his journal this criticism:Š " The Rev. Dr. Greer, of New York, said at the meeting of the Evangelical Alliance, in Boston, that `sharp antagonisms have arisen between church and State, but since the Declaration of Independence Christ's own idea of a free church in a free State has been winning its way more and more.' What nonsense I Christ never had any idea of a free church in a free State.' If he had, the Gospels do not reveal it." He further avers that Christ was a "com-munistic-anarchist, like Herr Most." If this last had been omitted, one might sup-pose that the editor of Twentieth Century was honest in saying that Christ had no idea of " a free church in a free State ;" but the latter statement marks the whole thing as malicious. Fancy Herr Most instructing one of his followers to pay a tax that he was not legally bound to pay, as did the Saviour, to avoid giving offense. (See Matt. 17: 24-27.) But like too many ministers Mr. Pentecost has evidently been a poor student of the Scriptures. But it is too much to believe that he is ignorant of the fact that Christ plainly taught the total - separation of church and State; and as a necessary consequence, a free church at least: for that church, and .only that church, is free which is answerable only to God, and whose members recognize no authority, in morals, but the law of God. The words "Render therefore unto Csar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's," brand forever and in all places as anti-Christian all efforts to unite church and State; and they also give the lie to the assertion that Christ knew nothing of a free church. Dr. Greer is, however, in error in sup-posing that Christ's idea of the proper re-lation of church and State has been gain-ing ground ever since the Declaration of Independence. For a time it did gain ground, and was at high tide when the first amendment to the Constitution was adopted. No marked change had taken place when, in 1828, a committee of the United States Senate pronounced in un-mistakable language against Congressional interference in behalf of any religious in-stitution, and declared extensive religious combinations to effect political objects al-ways dangerous. But -for more than a quarter of a century the National Reform-ers have been making most determined efforts to roll back the car of progress; and in this they are now being so ably seconded by other and more powerful or-ganizations that there is grave cause to fear that the next decade will witness a return to as bad or even a worse state of affairs than existed in the early days of Massachusetts. kid the present genera-tion know the meaning of liberty, as our forefathers knew it, all might be well. But when, men everywhere close their eyes 