The Story of .:. iteairn rsiand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engravgd heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. OCTOBER 15, 1896. .A.momrticA.N siEivrimmr. 327 mountaineers in the counties most affected by the Mormon crusade, that if any person sells or gives to the Mormons any kind of food, his home will be burned and his stock killed. THE New York Herald, of October 4, states that great commotion has been occasioned among "high church" people in London, Eng., by the display in the shop window of Mr. Kensit, the anti-Catholic bookseller, on Paternoster Row, of a variety of in-struments of torture, with an accompanying state-ment that they are used by English "high church" people for the purpose of penance. The display in-cludes a horse-hair belt, a steel "discipline," cord "discipline" (to be used for flagellation), breastplate covered with steel points, and steel spiked anklet. At the shop where these instruments were sold it was stated that many more were sold to "high church" Anglicans than to Roman Catholics. BACK NUMBERS OF THE SENTINEL. THE fact that many of our recent issues of the SENTINEL have been excellent for dis-tribution among those not familiar with its teachings has doubtless been appreciated by many of our readers, and a number may de-sire to secure some for missionary work. To such we wish to say: First, that we can send assorted lots of about six recent issues at the rate of one cent per copy. Call to your mind the illustrated number of September 24. We would also call special attention to our issue of October 8. This is one of the very best numbers for missionary work ever issued. It is especially valuable for use among Baptists and Metho-dists. Second, send a list of the names and ad-dresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send one or more copies of the issues mentioned above to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. Where more than one copy is desired sent in the same wrapper, send one cent for each paper and a quarter of a cent for addressing and wrapping. Third, send wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. ow,r,,k4 Ł IN 41,beeti,,t: '4."/itt`CaŁ Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Stamps will be acceptable for small remit-tances. BOOKs FOR THE CHILDREN.  WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find, They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manlier. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home:Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES ' Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as "LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $ 1.00 A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both "LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for $1.73 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! This book, which is 8x104- inches and 4- inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. r- The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price. only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY BIBL NH S ..Ł I  B L S Ł A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. A NEW LINE. With new and unique combination of Old and New Versions. .Special Terms to any one who will sell two or more of them. Send for Circular and Terms. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING 00" 39 Bond St., New York. His Glorious Appearing.e'.  An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with `wenty full-page illustrations. The work takes -up Christ's Seat prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in. relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, 'timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, - - .25 With Sentinel, one year, - - $1 .1 0 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., New YORK. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A 'VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR T T.TNNEL, "THE LINE THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter. and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. e T. A. C. & G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, a. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. 