86 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Art. XX.ŠThe church bath power to decree rites or ceremonies, and authority in controversies of faith: and yet it is not lawful for the church to ordain anything that is contrary to God's Word written, neither may it so expound one place of Scripture, that it be repugnant to another. Wherefore, although the church be a witness and a keeper of Holy Writ, yet, as it ought not to decree anything against the same, so besides the same ought it not to enforce anything to be believed for necessity of salvation." The Presbyterian Church expresses itself on the suffi-ciency-and interpret atiiqn<pf Holy Scriptures in this lan-guage:Š "Chapter 1, Art. 1.ŠAlthough the light of nature, and the works of creation and providence, do so far man-ifest the goodness, wisdom, and power of God, as to leave men inexcusable; yet are they not sufficient to give that knowledge of God, and of his will, which is necessary unto salvation; therefore it pleased the Lord, at sundry times, and in divers manners, to reveal himself and to declare that (revelation) his will unto the church; and afterwards for the better preserving and propagating of the truth, and for the more sure establishment and com-fOrt of the church against the corruption of the flesh, and the malice of Satan and ,of the world, to commit the -same wholly unto writing; which maketh the Holy Script-ure to be most necessary," etc. "Art. IX.ŠThe infallible rule of interpretation of Scripture, is the Scripture itself; and therefore, when there is a question about the true and full sense of any scripture (which is not manifold, but one), it may be searched and known by other places that speak more -clearly." The language of these articles of belief concerning the -sufficiency of Holy Scriptures and the interpretation thereof needs no interpretation. Each is plain and right to the point, and shows at once that the vital issue as between the traditional teachings of men and that of the divine revelation is at least professedly understood and advocated by these great bodies of Protestantism. In the language of Rev. J. L. Burrows, author of "What Baptists Believe," we suggest a concluding thought on this underlying principle of Protestantism:Š "God has given you, on the one hand, the Bible; and on the other, mind and conscience, and you are untrue to yourself, and to God's Word, if you do not use them in the investigation of truth. We never should hear from a disciple of Christ such utterance as, 'It does not matter what we believe on such subjects,' One way is as good as another.' It does matter, or the Lord would not have inspired his apostles to write for our instruc-tion. One way is not as good as another. The only good way is that which God has revealed." We inquire now, What position is occupied by the papacy with reference to the sufficiency of Holy Script-ures and the interpretation thereof? See the next issue x31 the SENTINEL. .44 WHEN the Sunday laws of a State are invoked against Łonly those violators of Sunday who conscientiously ob- serve the seventh day, it is perfectly plain that the real offense for which these prisoners are prosecuted is not their desecration of Sunday, but their observance of the Sabbath. And it is precisely under such conditions that numerous prosecutions under the Sunday laws have been of late and are yet being conducted in Tennessee, Maryland, and other States of the American Union. The True Basis of Sabbath Reform. BY C. H. KESLAKE. SABBATH reform work of two kinds is now attracting the attention of the people. These, however, are so opposite in their aim and purpose, and the methods adopted for the carrying out of each are so dissimilar and antagonistic that it does not require a mind of great calibre to see that they cannot both be the work of God under the guidance of the Holy Spirit. Inasmuch as this reform work has in view the keep-ing of the first day of the week, or Sunday, as the Sab-bath, On_ the one hand; and the keeping of the seventh day, as such, on the other, it is not to be wondered at that some good honest souls should be perplexed for a time as to which day is the Sabbath,, and which phase of Sabbath reform is the true one. Of course there is one infallible guide to which one can always look, and which will always be found speak-ing with no uncertain soundŠthe Word of God. From Genesis to Revelation it consistently testifies that there is only one weekly Sabbath for God's people both in time and eternity. But it is a sad truth that only a very few compara-tively have familiarized themselves with the Bible so as to be able with confidence to accept its testimony, though uniform, upon this momentous question. Apart from the plain scriptural statements as to which day is the Sabbath, one who is at all acquainted with the character of God will be able to judge pretty ac-curately as to the truth in the matter by the methods that are being followed to bring about the observance of these days respectively. "God is love." God is the "God of truth: He is the living God, and the King of eternity." Jer. 10:10. (margin.) Everything therefore that God does must be done in love, "in truth and uprightness." Ps. 11:7, 8. With regard to the days in question, their advocates respectively claim to base their work of Sabbath reform on the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. With-out stopping to observe what the testimony of the com-mandment itself is, we will note that Christ tells us that the law of which the Sabbath forms a part hangs upon two great commandments. The first and greatest of these commandments is, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with 