119141l1111,p, 24 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 3. NEW YORK, JANUARY 21, 1892. NoTs.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able vile to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. NOTWITHSTANDING the fulminations of the Mail and Express, of this city, the Metropolitan Museum of Art is to remain open to the public Sunday afternoons. Our Day for January gives twenty-five pages to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. Fourteen of these pages are devoted to an article by Rev. W. C. Wood, who by his free use of Mr. Crafts' stale arguments and illustrations, shows himself to be a platitudinarian of no mean attainments. The other eleven pages are by the editor, who, like Mr. Wood, has added nothing new to the discussion. The determination to have it so is the only thing that could possibly reconcile intel-ligent readers- to the perusal of such Sun-day-law sophistries. THE Nineteenth Century Club, of this city, was recently enlivened by a discus-sion of the Sabbath question at one of its meetings, by Col. Elliott F. Shepard and Rev. Dr. A. H. Lewis, of the Seventh-day Baptist Church. Colonel Shepard in-dulged in the usual Sunday arguments, while Dr. Lewis showed plainly, both from sacred and profane history, that Saturday and not Sunday is the Bible Sabbath. He defended the opening of museums on Sun-day, on the ground that as the State re-quires idleness on Sunday, it should pro-vide places of resort less hurtful than the saloons. He was, however, opposed to any State interference in the matter of Sabbath observance. The doctor was fre-quently and heartily applauded, and evi-dently had the sympathy of his audience. THE Law and Order League of Pitts-burg is undertaking in earnest the championship of the cause of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, and begins its cam-paign for enforced Sunday observance by obtaining warrants for the arrest of all the employes of the newspapers and the Union News Company, of Pittsburg, not forgetting the news agents and paper car-riers who sell and deliver the Sunday pa-pers. The action is brought under the old Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which has been virtually a dead letter for nearly a century. It is understood that it is the intention of the Law and Order League to proceed against the proprietors  of Pittsburg Sunday papers, also, under the same antiquated act. It is evident that the Sabbath Union intends to use its much vaunted sword arm with deadly effect in Pittsburg. Those who are noting the rapidly developing events in the prog-ress of religious legislation, will look with interest to see the result of this crusade by which the management of the Chris-tian Statesman celebrates the entrance of their paper into its new home. No doubt the papers of Pittsburg in general will ap-preciate the courtesy which marks its ad-vent among them. " THIS is getting to be a sweetly pater-nal Government," says the Sun, and indeed it is. The latest is a. bill by Sen-ator Sherman, "to promote and encourage the display of the flag of the United States." Upon this the Sun remarks :---, So fax as our experience- goes, the people of the United States have never shown any need of stimu-lation by the Government in the patriotic practice of displaying upon all proper occasions their glorious and beloved banner. This bill provides that the Quartermaster-General of the army shall sell for cash, to anybody that applies, flags of the regulation patterns at the contract price at which they were pur-chased by the Government; and it provides further that anybody who shall sell at a profit any flag thus acquired shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be subject, upon conviction, to fine or imprison-ment, or both. . . . The Sherman bill merely makes the United States Government the agent of certain favored contractors to undersell all other flag makers or dealers. As for the proposal to regulate for all time, by penal enactment, the price at which a private citizen may dispose of his own property, purchased and paid for, we do not believe the constitutional power to do that is in Washing-ton. The question of constitutional power to regulate such matters does not trouble our law makers very much these days. The people seem to regard Congress as all powerful, and some members of that body seem to think so too. A confirmation of this is found in the fact, that Congress-man Morse, of Massachusetts, has intro-duced a bill to prohibit appropriations by the Government to any exhibition open on Sunday. That is, Mr. Morse proposes, that the present Congress shall dictate to all future Congresses what they shall do. Mr. Morse ought to know that any act passed by one Congress can be repealed, either in whole or in part, by any subse-quent Congress. The usual clause, " All acts or parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed," would destroy the force of the prohibition which the Sunday zealots propose to put upon Congress for all time. CAN it be possible that there are many papers in the United States with as in-adequate a knowledge of the thought and current news of the day as is betrayed in this extract from the Spokane Chronicle?Š THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, a paper published in opposition to the passage of any Sunday laws by civil authority, contending that Church and State must be totally divorced, finds considerable fault With  a recent decision by Judge Hammond of the United States Court. He had before him the case of some extreme believer in the extreme of Sunday license, and it was claimed that the petitioner's exercise of his peculiar Sunday fad, interfered with the exer-cise of other people's Sunday rights. The details of controversy are not given, but Judge Hammond said:Š The petitioner cannot shelter himself just yet behind the doctrine of religious freedom in defying the existence of a law and its application to him, which is distasteful to his own religious feelings or fanaticism, etc. This appears to draw the line between liberty and license, and is only an echo of the safe old doctrine that a man can't do just what he pleases in this country because it happens to be a matter of conscience and belief. We believe in liberty of worship, so long as it doesn't openly conflict with personal rights, and yet it is not considered the thing here to let a mother toss her children into the river, or to let a widow sacrifice herself by her dead husband's side, according to the Indian sut-tee. Our anti-Sunday law friends, in this particu-lar case, have probably run across a gentleman who wanted to keep Sunday in a way that would break up everybody else in his neighborhood, or trample on some vested rights. Judge Hammond was em-inently right in putting a curb bit on him. The course of reasoning on these as-sumed premises, by which the conclusion is drawn that Judge Hammond did emi-nently right in giving the decision he did is no less ludicrous than the premises are erroneous and the facts incorrect. THAT excellent publication, the Outlook, a Sabbath quarterly, Rev. A. H. Lewis, D. D., editor, formerly published at Alfred Centre, has been removed to this city, and enters upon its tenth volume as a monthly. It will, hereafter be known as the Sabbath Outlook. The Outlook will continue to educate its many readers along the same lines of truth formerly followed. But as a monthly the articles are shorter and more varied, making it altogether a more readable and popular magazine. For the information of those not acquainted with it we give the following table of contents of the January number :Š Christian Greeting to each Reader; Professor Adolph Harnack on the Paganizing Christianity; Oriental Christianity; Mr. Crafts' " Whole Constel-lation " Sunday Law ; Indifference of Christians Concerning Sunday; Enforcing Sunday Law on a Railroad Company; The Sabbath and Sunday, the Difference Between Them; Compelling Christians to Keep Sunday ; "Where Lies the Difficulty ? " Holy-day or Holiday 2 Religion the only Basis of Sabbathism ; Book Notices. Subscription price, 50 cents per year. Address, Sabbath Outlook, Room 100, Bible House, New York City. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, /low York City. 