I 324,,Deain: Have' you not been impressed with the thought that the Move-ments of the great nations :of to-day are movements' that affect the whole world? Read this little booklet and see how the five' :great nations of the world-Britain,', Russia, United States, Germany, and France, are fulfilling proph-ecy. . Fully illustrated by a spe-cial series of 5 maps, including one double-page Map in 5 colors. Bible Students' Library No. 161. Price toe. , Address any of our agencies, or our nearest House. PACIFIC. PRESS PUB: CO., 39 'Bond St., New York. Kansas City ko. Oakland. Cal. Illarshatin% of ktia Ttatton5 by ((bp uges Single copy of the paper : One year  $1.00 Six months  .50 Three months  .25 In :clubs of' five to twenty-four, to one address, one year 75 cents In clubs of twenty-five to forty- nine,  to one addresa;orie year, 60 'bents In cldbs of fifty to ninety-nine, to one address,. one year 55 cents One hundred Or more, to one ad- dress, one year 50 cents THE SENTINEL OP -LIBERTY. 655 SUBSCRIBE FOR  Ł s  THE SENTINEL . Or Ł Ł Ł A paper set for the defense of liberty, both Christian and Constitutional, and opposed to, everything tending toward a union of church and state, either in name or in fact. Toll Heed Pape' AND- YElf Neigfiliors Need It. "THE PRESENT CRISIS AND OUR DUTY," No. 4 of Ł "Religious Liberty Library," "Shall We Remain True to the Principle?" "Principle, not Politics." "At the Parting of the Ways." "What Shall the, Answer Be?" "Some Representative Utterances." "The Flame of Life Burns Lower and Lower." "National Destiny." "Why We Discuss this Question." "The United States One of the Kings of the East." Thirty-four pages, price. single copy, three cents, postpaid. Liberal discounts on orders of Ioo or more to one address. International Religious hiberty Association 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill. MARSHALLING OF THE NATIONS. is a tract for the times. Ł Ł Everybody ought to read it. The following sub-headings give a good idea of the contents of the latter half of this publication: If you are not familiar with this subject you will be surprised, not only at what is proposed, but at what has been already done in the direction of nullifying, the constitutional safeguards of liberty of conscience. PAGAN COUNTERFEITS in -Bthyee.CAhrisstTiaErimcptuEr.ch  A vivid presentation, of the; pagan festiVals, rites, and usages which the author finds in the Christian churches of to-day, together with two chapters on :Freemasonry, ivhicB- ought to ,be read by every Mason who profesies to be -a Christian. 187 pages; paper eovers; Price 25 cents.. Address House nearest to you. Ł Ł- . PUBLISHING ' CO., , :Ł39:1$0Yo YORK,, N. Y. Ł OAELAND,,,CAL,' KANSAS CITY. Mo. 