392 AMERICAN SENTINEL. WAR, though it may be begun professedly in the name of humanity, is never long conducted, even professedly, on that principle. Sooner or later it becomes a war of retaliation and conquest, and beside these every other sentiment sinks into insignificance. It was all very well to talk about the high and unselfish motives which prompted the interference with Spain in Cuba, before any loss had been sustained by the American forces; but when the "Maine" was blown up, the cry was everywhere raised, "Remember the Maine," and in every engagement that has been the animating sentiment in the minds of those representing this country; and mow that some loss is being sustained by the troops investing Santiago, and Spanish soldiers have committed barbarities upon the dead bodies of some of their foes, the cry is raised for vengeance upon them because of these indignities. * * Ł THAT is the way it always has been and will be. When one side inflicts a severe loss upon the other, or sustains such a loss, as must sooner or later happen, the burning desire is to get even, to avenge the loss, and to wipe out the memory of the disaster. Such are always the aniŁ Łmating motives in carnal warfare; and this war with Spain is no exception. First it was said that it must be undertaken as a high and sacred duty. Next it was said that Spain must be chastised on account of the "Maine;" then when the country had heard from Manila, it was said that the war must be prosecuted to establish an American Empire; and now it is said that Spain must be chastised as a nation of barbarians. And with every fresh ground for indignation and fresh desire for retalia-tion and conquest which is furnished in the course of events, there will be less said or thought about the inter-ests of humanity which seemed to be paramount at the start. The church must find some other ground for giv-ing her sanction to the war. * THE physical examination of applicants for military service under the Government, has revealed a fact which the Government may well view with apprehension. It has been found that a large per cent. of such applications have to be refused, because of injury the applicant has experienced from the use of tobacco; principally in the form of cigarettes. And what lends particular force to this fact is the further fact that this percentage has largely increased since the time of the Civil War, when similar examinations were conducted under the calls for volunteers then made. IN the light of these facts it is easily seen that the cigarette is nothing less than a deadly enemy of the United States Government. It is really a much worse enemy than Spain. It disqualifies for service a much larger number of American citizens than would be dis-qualified by death and wounds in any ordinary war; and for all this there is no compensation in the way of loss to the enemy. The enemy keeps ever fresh and vigorous. Its harmfulness is not particularly felt under the circum-stances attending war with a decadent power like Spain. But should there be war with a strong power, the seri-ousness of the evil which the cigarette has inflicted upon the nation would be painfully felt. A soldier physically unable to execute orders in a military campaign is as use-less as one who would refuse to obey them. * Nom all the spies that Spain is reputed to have in her employ, nor all the traitors that may be in the land, can do the Government the injury that has been and is being done by the cigarette. Will the Government then recog-nize this baneful thing as a deadly foe and make its atti-tude toward it that of an enemy? If the cigarette is an enemy to the GovernmentŠas it clearly is, and a most dangerous one at thatŠwhy should not the Government be an enemy of the cigarette? Clearly, that would be the only consistent course. UPON physical grounds, it is much better that men should not indulge in tobacco and intoxicants than that they should not rest from labor one day in seven. Yet the Government has never shown any disposition to cur-tail indulgence in these things, while it has exhibited un-mistakably a disposition to curtail popular indulgenceŠif we may use the termŠin work. The inconsistency can be explained only by admitting that the real reasons for the curtailment of labor one day in the week, are re-ligious. RECENTLY the "dynamite cruiser"Š"Vesuvius"Šwas given a trial of her qualifications for actual warfare, in front of the fortifications of Santiago harbor, Cuba. Three shots were fired from her pneumatic guns, and upon observing their effect, the idea of which the "Vesu-vius" is an embodiment was pronounced to be of the greatest practical value. The vessel is looked upon as a great success, and it is probable that steps will soon be taken by the Government to extend its military power in the direction of that which this new type of vessel rep_ resents. THE underlying idea of the pneumatic gun is the use of high explosives. These could not be used in the pro-jectiles fired from ordinary cannon, on account of the danger of explosion from the shock the projectile receives 