AMERICAN SENTINEL. 537 Indeed, the whole Filipino situation would behumor-ous if it did not involve a frightful waste of money, a frightful waste of life and a violation of the basic princi-ples of our Government. Sunday in the Klondike. THE Alaska gold fields with their rough population and conditions which invite if not compel the setting aside of many of the customs of civilization, are about the last place in the world where one would look to find examples of the working of Sunday laws; yet even here, according to the following press report, the bad princi-ple of Sunday enforcement is making itself felt. The facts are thus stated by the Journal, of this city:Š "DAWSON CITY, A. T., Aug. 4.ŠGreat anger and ex-citement have been caused here by an order of the civil authorities that in future any miner caught working his claim on the first day of the week will be fined and im-prisoned. "`We are determined,' says the edict, 'that the ob-servance of the Sabbath shall no longer be neglected in this commonwealth. You miners have the whole week to wash up in, and it stands to reason that you only queer the game by working on Sundays. " "Besides that, the motto of this town has always been, "Live and let live," and we therefore don't see why the honest tradesman who hasn't any claim shouldn't have the best day in the week to do his washing up in. This is no kid! We mean business, and the man that sinneth he shall go to jail.' "Naturally, the population of Dawson is very much exasperated over this sudden spasm of virtue on the part of the authorities, and cannot see that it is any worse, if as bad, to work a claim on the Sabbath as it is to run a saloon or a faro layout on that day. "There is likely to be trouble over the edict. The local newspaper sums up the situation thus:Š "`It is not believed that any person will be materi-ally injured or his feelings greatly disfigured by some poor fellow on his claim doing what he has to do on Sunday. "'Neither is it believed that the Author of the ten commandments will again down the world, as per Noah's period of existence, if some laymen happens to haul a load of wood down the hill for his cabin fires or for use in his drift on Monday morning. "'Suspend this absurd restriction on the creeks, gen-tlemen! Nobody will be hurt if you do." Paying Tribute to Rome in the Philippines. THE following statements are printed in the San Francisco Report upon the authority of a man who has recently returned from the Philippines:Š "The United States Government is forced to pay for holy water, wafers, and wine. These claims are regu-larly audited and settled. Of course they do not  amount to very much, but they are regularly presented. All of the church property in the Philippines is now the property of this Government. The churches, monas-teries, and all that property were built and paid for out of the Spanish treasury. Therefore, when the islands were ceded to this country, the church property belonged to America. In spite of this fact, General Otis pays $1,000 a month for the Malate Monastery and $150 a month rent for the San Sebastine Monastery. They are used for hospitals. Why the Government should be forced to pay rent for its own property is something no- body but General Otis can explain." The "Blue Law" Revival in New Jersey. New York "Sun," August 21. PATERSON, N. J., Aug. 20.ŠThis city was disturbed by another blue Sunday to-day. It was the third that the citizens have had to endure since the spasm of virtue struck town. A man couldn't get a shave in this city to-day for any money; he couldn't get a cake of ice if he offered a block of stock in one of the local silk mills for it, and even the butchers and grocers frowned on cus-tomers who came to their places during the early morn-ing to lay in supplies. People walked on the streets for fear that a micro-scopic examination of the ancient parchments in the City Hall had revealed to the eager searchers some ordi-nance against running. It is a fact that the city archives are being ransacked for obsolete laws into which the elixir of life may be infused so the privileges of citizens may be curtailed. The city has "got it bad," and the only people who seem to be profiting by it all are the justices of the peace, whose fees are running up on account of the increased demand for old brands of justice. The first of the Blue Laws to be enforced was dug out by men whose motives were selfish. They are the barbers, the boss barbers, not the journeymen. They wanted to take Sunday off, but didn't see how they could so long as any of their neighbors of the same calling kept open. There are 250 barbers in Paterson, and all but eighty belong to the Barbers' Association. These eighty could not be induced to close up for the benefit of the members of the association, so the latter took the means to bring them to terms that has since converted Paterson from a city of normal license to a Puritanical town. The Association barbers found a law against keep-ing barber shops open on Sunday, and they sprang it the following Sunday on unfortunate Antonio Mauro, whose case has already been chronicled in The Sun. Having settled Mauro, the barbers went to Elizabeth and saw a ball game. The saying, "How'd you like to,  be the ice man?" became among Sunday warblers in Paterson: "How'd you like to be the barber?" Then it was the ice man, who, either from motives of jealousy or 