Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. . OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 24, 1889. NUMBER 26. e712e Anntical2 PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, AEONzo T. JONES. WESTERN civilization utterly repudiates this idea [of paternal government], denies the exist-ence of any analogy between the family and the State, and seeks to make men and not children of the people.ŠPres. George Washburn. .  THE proper object of Government is to pro-tect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above the other, or esteem all days alike holy.ŠU. S. Senate Report, 1829. THE doctrine which, from the very first origin of religious dissensions, has been held by all big-ots of all sects, when condensed into a few words,  and stripped of rhetorical disguise, is simply this:  I am in the right, you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you; for it is my duty to persecute error.ŠMaeaulay. Ł KEEP it before the people, that Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Missouri National Reform Con-vention, recently held at Sedalia, said: "I do not believe that Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, amid so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." The convention did not dissent from this declaration of purpose, but elected Mr. Gray secretary of the permanent State organization. THE National Reformers wish in a general way to deny any idea of establishing a Church and State Government. This they do because of the well-known prejudice in this country against such a policy. But neither their writers nor their public speakers are able to disguise the real character of the movement. One of the latest admissions is found in the address of Rev. T. H. Tatlow, before the Missouri Sabbath Convention: " The party of carnal policy protests, and cries out that this is uniting Church and State. The Christian replies : It is indeed a union, but limited, and applies only so far as two separate jurisdictionsŠthe one spiritual and primary and the other secular and second-aryŠexercises each one its own appropriate authority, within its own individual province, to secure a two-fold good to the two-fold life of man." This sentiment admits all that we have ever  charged against the National Reform advocates, as aiming to establish Church and State union. It admits a union, with the spiritual jurisdiction as primary, and the secular jurisdiction as second-ary, each one exercising its own appropriate au-thority. With such a union once established, who can fail to see that the "appropriate authority" of the " primary " jurisdiction of the Government would be the supreme authority ? It is about time for that party to stop denying that their aim is a union of Church and State. Mr. Crafts and Sunday Laws. EVERY argument which Mr. Crafts has ever at-tempted in favor of a National Sunday law has been repeatedly met and refuted, nevertheless he continues to deal them out to his various audi-ences, making no attempt to answer counter ar-guments except by denials, and by denouncing all those who do not agree with him in his pet schemes for religious legislation. A favorite argument with him is, that the principle op-position outside of liquor dealers comes from Seventh-day Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, and Jews, who, he says, together form about seven-tenths of one per cent. of the population. This, to Mr. Crafts' mind, is a sufficient reason why their wishes and rights should be entirely ig-nored. But, with the man who loves liberty, the rights of a single individual are as sacred as the rights of any number. Neither will justice seek to invade the rights of any; but in effect Mr. Crafts insists that these people have no rights in this matter. Mr. Crafts defines personal liberty as " the space within the circle bound on all sides simply by the rights of others." But this is not the per-sonal liberty which he demands, or which he is willing to accord to others. He sneers at the minority who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week, and is demanding legislation which would practically compel all such to refrain from labor also upon another day, thus depriving them of one-sixth of their God-given time for earning a livelihood and a support for those who are de-pendent upon them. He insists that whenever one rests on Sunday, all must rest; but that this is not necessary is demonstrated by the fitct that thousands of conscientious observers of the sev-enth day do rest absolutely from all secular labor upon Saturday, the busiest and noisiest day of the week. The personal liberty which Mr. Crafts advo-cates is such personal liberty as was granted some two years since in Arkansas, when the exemption clause in the Sunday law was repealed by the Legislature of that State. Under the law as it then stood for two years, conscientious Christian men, men who would not knowingly wrong their  neighbors in any way or take a cent that did not belong to them, were fined and imprisoned for do-ing such ordinary and quiet labor upon the first day of the week as digging potatoes, painting buildings, and plowing in fields at a distance from any public road. The same personal liberty is also enjoyed in Georgia, where for doing any kind of labor upon the first day of the week any person may be fined and imprisoned, the fine to go to the support of the Sunday-schools. Such examples show conclusively the innate wicked-ness of Sunday laws. Mr. Crafts professes to favor an exemption clause in the National Sunday law which he is demanding, but the only exemption which he is willing to grant is of persons doing ordinary labor on Sunday which will not interfere in any way with others who wish to rest upon that day. For instance, he would prohibit a seventh-day wor-shiper from keeping his place of business open on Sunday, because that, he says, would compel other people to keep their business places open or else they would suffer from the competition of the man who kept open on Sunday. He forgets that the seventh-day worshiper doing business on Sunday would close his store upon Saturday, which is, as every business man will testify, the.  best day of the week for business ; but Mr. Crafts' theory is that a part cannot rest unless all do, therefore the seventh-day worshiper must close his place of business on Sunday. Following this same logic no ordinary work should be permitted upon the first day of the week, the carpenter, the bricklayer or the plumber would also be prohib-ited from carrying on their vocations for the same reason, and Mr. Crafts' exemptions would amount to nothing. But seventh-day worshipers want no exemp-tion clause. They protest against Sunday laws of all kinds for the reason that Sunday is a religious institution, and they deny the right of Government to recognize it in any manner. They object to it for the same reason that the German princes objected to the protest against the repeal of the Edict of Spires, namely, " because it concerns the glory of God and the salvation of souls, and that in such matters we ought to have regard above all to the commandments of God, who is King of kings and Lord of lords, each of us rendering him account of himself without caring the least in the world about majority or minority." And further, that to yield the individual judgment in such matters " would be to deny our Lord Jesus Christ and reject his holy word, and thus give him just reason to deny us in turn before his Father, as he has threatened." To admit that the Government has the right to establish by law the keeping of any day, is to de-stroy individual responsibility to God ; it is in fact to put the Government in the place of .or in- 