86 A.MOOILILICA.N VoL. 10, No. 11. Let us be assured that God lays upon us the obligation and offers us the privilege of saving the unsaved masses around us; of redeeming and saving the nation. Let us have faith in the preaching of the gospel as God's primal agency in this work. Let us linger under the cross till we are created anew in Christ Jesus, and come forth with messages for the people so unlike our usual utterances that they will be to them a new gospel. Let us get and hold fast Christ's and Paul's estimate of preaching the gospel as a work of incompara-ble glory and honor. Let us give our lives irrevocably to itŠwith a life-and-death pur-poseŠscorning the motives of place and sal-ary. God and a perishing world are waiting for us. It is the Father's good pleasure to give us the kingdom. FREE SPEECH IN SAVANNAH. SAVANNAH, March 4.ŠThe recent attempts by mob violence to prevent ex-Priest Slattery and his wife from speaking here were the sub-ject of Judge Falligant's charge to the Grand Jury of the Superior Court to-day. He did not directly refer to them, but confined him-self to an exposition of free speech. Judge Falligant laid special stress on the privileges of American citizenship and the rights individ-uals enjoy in this country to freedom of thought and speech within the pale of the law. Free speech, he said, is implanted in the Constitution, and is the cardinal principle of American freedom. No man has the right to interfere with its exercise unless it becomes violation of law, and then the law is to be resorted to as a preventive or correction. The founders of the Government were farsighted in their wisdom when they made free speech a constitutional right. This right is one that all thinking citizens will aim to protect in its integrity. Free speech is necessary to the preservation of liberty in a country of popular sovereignty. Judge Falligant plainly demonstrated the necessity of preserving free speech unimpaired ' as a protector of public and individual rights. Any abuse of the right must be deplored, but an illegal suppression of it would be fraught with dangerous tendencies and would not be permitted. The cases of the men arrested for rioting will probably come before this Grand Jury. ŠThe Sun, March 5. ALL TRUE. A FEW weeks ago a clergyman of the Epis-copal Church preached a sermon before the synod of the State of Illinois. The sermon has been indorsed by the bishop of Spring-field, Ill., and published to the world. The author of the sermon, in referring to those who are preaching the Sabbath question, says:Š It is true that of late years a sect has arisen which seeks to overthrow the Christian Sunday, and substitute, or rather reestablish, the Jewish Sabbath. And it is also true that this sect is rapidly increasing in numbers. The cause is not hard to find. A large number of those who profess and call themselves Christians have unwisely rallied to the cry of "the Bible, and the Bible only, as the religion of Protestants," and as the change from Saturday to Sunday is neither authorized nor even mentioned in the Bible, they are of course defenseless against the attack of the Sabbatarians. When these advance their arguments, the so-called Bible Christians have nothing to reply, and if they are really consistent, they must leave the denomina-tion to which they belong, and unite with the Sab-batarians. Many of them are doing so; more will certainly follow, and it need not be a matter of sur-prise if the boundary lines of Protestantism are en-tirely changed by the attacking forces of this com-paratively new sect. A few more admissions like the above,  and those the church of Rome has made, and that hundreds of ministers are con-stantly making, will convince people every-where that Sunday as the Sabbath has no Bible claims. Let the agitation go on as the truth will prevail.ŠS. H. Lane, in the Indi-cator (Rome, 117.. Y.), Feb. 27. A GOOD WORD FOR THE "SENTINEL." [The following editorial is somewhat unique in the use of the term Sunday, but the editor's heart is in the right place, and we will charge his use of the word Sunday for Sabbath to Constantine and his ec-clesiastical imitators:Š] W. T. GIBSON, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Everett, Mass., has been arrested for con-ducting his business on Sunday as other per-sons do on the other days of the week. He believes Saturday to be the real Sunday, not Sunday; his right to that belief is guaranteed by the constitution of the State and by that of the United States, and yet for his faith in guarantees that don't guarantee freedom from the pranks of foolish cranks he is arrested. More than that he was fined, though the judge made no attempt to defend the decision or the fine. The decision was foolish and the fine an imposition. Saturday, being the sev-enth day, is the Sunday of the Bible, and, it may be said, the only Sunday. On that day God rested from his labors. To assert that the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, is the Bible or the true and only Sunday, is arrant nonsense. The AMERICAN SENTINEL, in fighting this foolish notion, is doing the cause of truth a monumental and enduring service.ŠThe Bayonne (N. J.) Dem-ocrat, Feb. 7. IS THIS THE LAND OF THE FREE? WE are in receipt of a copy of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL, published in New York, containing a marked article on the persecution of W. T. Gibson, a Seventh-day Adventist of Everett, Mass., who sold a half pound of candy to a purchaser on Sunday, or " the Lord's day," as it is termed, for which he was ar-rested and fined $50 and costs. Is this the world-famed country in which every man is free to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience ? By what authority can the officials of a State arrest a man because he happens to have different views on religious matters ? It seems to us to be just as reason-able to arrest a man because he differs with you politically. Away with such balderdash. ŠLawler (Iowa) Dispatch, Feb4.14. AS VIEWED BY THE "JEWISH SPECTATOR." [The Jewish Spectator, published simultaneously at Memphis and New Orleans, in its issue of February 15, publishes the defense of W. T. Gibson before the district court of eastern Middlesex County, Mass., charged with violating the Lord's day. The defense is preceded by the following able editorial:Š] This impression of the Spectator contains an account of the trial of a Seventh-day Adventist for the violation of the Sunday laws. The arguments he uses in his own defense are reasonable and just. Sunday laws are an encroachment upon the rights of con-science in the individual who believes in the sanctity of the seventh day. Adventists are more conscientious in struggling and suffering for those rights than the modern Jew, who surrendered without much complaint and resistance. Sunday laws are at best but ves-tiges of the unholy alliance of Church and State as they survived in the English law and then were inserted into American legislation. The plea, so frequently brought forward, that Sunday laws are in force to provide for the laborer's physical rest is a specious and gratu- itous allegation, for if national legislation would provide for-eight or nine hours of work each day there would be quite a period of rest for the laborer, and nature in her benign pro-vision of refreshing sleep has certainly revealed the fact that the seven nights of the week are the seven sabbaths of the workingman and for every human toiler under the sun, as far as rest for the body is concerned. As to the religious requirements as to spiritual regen-eration, every man and woman, every church and synagogue, must provide according to the dictates of their conscience and in obedience to the tenets of their faith, without invoking the force of the policeman's club and without the interference of civil courts and secular law. If the meaning and significance of po-litical freedom and religious liberty would be rightly understood and more correctly inter-preted, trials for non-observance of any par-ticular day of restŠbe it Sabbath or SundayŠwould be excluded from the civil courts as promptly as an attempt to have trials for heresy submitted to the same tribunals of justice. -op- Ł  A THEOCRACY. IN Tennessee and Maryland to-day, there are men being prosecuted and persecuted and sent to jail, practically because they believe that the seventh day of the week is the " Sabbath of the Lord thy God." They religiously ob-serve Saturday, and frequently work on Sun-day. For this they are prosecuted, though believers in Sunday as the Sabbath are never questioned, no matter what may be their work or play on that day. The rulings of the judges in,  these cases are frequently such as to practically declare that this is a religious gov-ernment, and the logical result of these rulings will be to make a theocracy.ŠThe Aye, Boul-der, Mont., Jan. 16. SIGNIFICANT PARAGRAPHS. [We publish under this heading news items bearing on the subjects discussed in the SENTINEL, and para-graphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the perti-nent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Ł The World "Do Move "ŠRomeward. FOLLOWING the appointment of a Catholic priest to teach the philosophy of Saint Thomas in the Protestant University of Amsterdam, comes the appointment of the Catholic Lord Acton to be regius professor of modern history in the University of Cambridge in succession to the late Professor Seeley. So the world " do move " and the time may come again when " history" will not be, what it has long been among those separated from the church, " a conspiracy against truth."ŠCatholic Re-view, March 2. The Catholic Question in Canadian Polities. A CANADIAN correspondent writes us as follows: "The members of the Dominion Government have a real white elephant' on their hands." The Privy Council has decided that the Manitoba Government has a right to appeal to them, on the question of separate schools. The Roman Catholics are crowding the ministry with petitions demanding that they shall set aside the action of the Manitoba legislature on the vexed question. If they refuse, the Romanists will be sure to oppose the Conservatives at the Dominion tion, soon to be held. If they accede, theii the Protestant electors, or at least many of them, will refuse their support. Quite recently, a 