AMERICAN SENTINEL. 521 and experience it. Plenty of opportunities are afforded even if you go only to Bombay. That city is very large and it is very hot there; but that will make no difference to philosophers who never experience heat at all. The people of India and the philosophers who have studied with the learned men ought to feel alike toward all peo-ple and all beings; but they never show a particle of kindness to the women, and their lives are made so un-bearable that they want to kill themselves. These phil-osophers have shown mercy toward all lower animals. They have established hospitals for animals, but they have never established hospitals for women. The preach-ers who have come over here to preach Buddhism to the American people have established a hospital for animals in Bombay. In that hospital there is a ward devoted to bugs, and a man is hired to feed those bugs on his blood every night. They never take any thought of the women who are dying under the weight of this philosophy, but they just show their charity toward the bugs. I recom-mend that hospital for the edification of American stu-dents of Buddhism. Let them stay one night in that bug ward. That will pay them for all their labors in study-ing that philosophy." The Peace of God. BY E. H. HUNTLEY. " Tam' wilt keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee, because he trusteth in thee." Isa. 26 :3. Peace is a word very hard to define because there is such a depth of meaning in it. It is used to express a perfect rest, perfect quietness, perfect trust. At such times one will forget all troubles, all the ups and downs of life, and rest quietlyŠin perfect peace. We speak of a time of peace, and a time of war. War is opposed to peace. Peace is the condition existing at the close of war, when all war has ceased and all is quiet. Peace is desirable above everything else. No one can be perfectly happy without it; but oh! how few there are to-day who have it. How very, very few who really know what real peace is. They long for peace, but do not find it. Why not? Simply because they do not fulfill the conditions. What are the conditions? "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee." It is plain, therefore, that in order to have perfect peace, one must take his mind off from earthly things, which are only temporal, and look unto Jesus, who is our peace; for we read that "He is our peace." Eph. 2:14. He will come into our hearts if we will let him. Paul says, "And let the peace of God rule in your hearts." Col. 2:15. Jesus says, "Behold, I stand at the door, and knock, if any man . . . open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me." Rev. 3:20. Therefore, as Jesus is our peace, and is standing at the door knocking, waiting to gain admittance, all we need to do is to "let the king come in," and we may have peace in our heartsŠthe blessed peace that God alone can give. No matter what the world may say or  do; no matter whether we are at home by the fireside, or behind the prison bars for conscience' sake; still we are kept in perfect peace. In all things we can only praise God. Again, the apostle says, "Be careful (full of care, anxiety, worry) for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God, and the peace of God which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." Phil. 4:6, 7. When we have Christ in us we will do his will. There is peace in doing as the Lord says, and knowing that we are doing his will. In Isa. 48:18 we read, "Oh that thou hadst hearkened unto my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea." Dear reader ! are you enjoying the peace of God ? Are you resting in the arms of the Holy One of Israel? If you are not, it is your privilege to do so. War on Christian Principles. Anonymous. ONE of the conditions of the treaty of Mexico with the United States, it is said, is that any future war which may break out between the two countries shall be con-ducted on Christian principles. Now we know this is an age of progress, and that in all sorts of matters; but war on Christian principles is certainly the latest, and if carried out, we think it will prove the greatest of them all. Just imagine it; we think we can see two armies drawn up in battle array. A fair field is before them; the positions are taken, the great guns unlimbered. The United States general is just about to give the order to fire, when the aid de-camp comes up and respectfully re-minds him that war is to be conducted on Christian prin- ciples, and that it will not do to fire. "Very true, very true," says the chief; "but what are they? I have read Vauban, and Scheiter, and Turenne, and Coehoorn. I have read the lives of the old conquerors, and I have studied the campaigns of the greatest soldiers, but I never happened to come across these principles in any work on military art. Do you know anything about it, colonel?" "No," says the colonel. "Nor you, major?" "Nor I, either." "I really don't know how to begin; I suppose it would not do to shoot. Suppose we send for the chap-lain." The chaplain arrives. "Do you know anything about this fighting on Chris-tian principles?" "Oh yes, it is the easiest thing in the world!" "Where are the books which teach the art of this warfare?" "Here," and the chaplain takes out the Bible. 