AMERICAN SENTINEL. 471 our system govern any people without letting them help govern us. The reaction would be swift and sure. We should see what Patrick Henry meant when he said in his famous resolutions of 1765, that such government of the colonies by Great Britain 'has a manifest tendency to destroy British as well as American freedom.' "An imperial polic.v will as surely some day lead to an emperor. He may assume some softer name if our sensitiveness survive, as is often the case. But an impe-rial policy and a republic make a contradiction in terms. The policy must go or the emperor in some new form must come. "But what are we to do with countries we take? If where our flag is carried in battle it must remain as the emblem of permanent authority, victory will become more perilous than defeat. There is no dishonor in bring-ing home our victorious banners, as we did from the walls of Mexico. There is dishonor, and danger, too, in pull-ing down the landmarks of the union. No obligation, legal or moral, prevents our leaving such countries as we find them, or giving their people control of their own af-fairs if we think best. Desire only. not duty, suggests the assumption of authority over them. "If we must provide fuel for our ships, we want coal-bins, not provinces nor colonies. We can hold them as property. We need not broaden them into domain. If they must be fortified and guarded so we may fight our way to and from them, let us keep them as England does Gibraltar. She does not have to rule-Spain. If we must have purely national property abroad, we can at least keep our politics at home where weŁcan have a close eye on them. "Congress was authorized merely 'to regulate com-merce.' Our ancestors knew commerce can be captured and kept, only by better goods and lower prices. Yet it is more than hinted that it would be a proper exercise of this power to conquer foreign nations in order to make them trade with us. Conquest is even suggested as a means of spreading the gospel. . . . "But who is authorized to abandon the ocean ram-parts with which God has surrounded us, because the in-ventions of men have made them somewhat less effectual. They will always be our chief defences while the earth re-volves. Our country can be no further from danger than its nearest part. Where is the right found to expose our national honor, pride and welfare in dominions beyond the seas, when they may abide in safety forever in the home which the kindness of nature and the wisdom of our fathers have provided for them. "It is not pleasant to play Cassandra. It is easier to join in the shouting and the dancing of those who seem to think the past is dead and the future assured. But one's duty to his countrymen is to give warning of evil when he believes he detects its approach." A. T. J. The President's Call to Prayer. "New York Times." THERE is real weight in the criticism of those who charge the President with the sort of unwisdom and bad taste that always is involved in the giving of unasked and unnecessary advice, however good the advice may be. There are rumors that more than one clergyman A Suggestive Incident. IN the Boys' High School of Reading, Pa., about June 27,1898, a lad named Deeter was the valedictorian of the graduating essay in which, says Harpers' Weekly, , he "commented unfavorably on the practice very much in favor now in American schools of attempting to instil patriotic sentiments into school children by drilling them in singing patriotic songs, and by causing them to repeat, somewhat parrot-like, high sounding sentiments which few of them can be expected to understand." This, the principal of the school, one "Dr. Shribner," decided to be " unpatriotic:" and for it, he punished the boy by refusing to sign his diploma. However the "Dr." (with the foreign name) would let the boy have his diploma if he would "take it unsigned." That boy is highly honored by being so "punished" for such an " offense." A diploma without that man's name to it would be a far greater honor than with it. We hope the boy eagerly accepted the diploma without that name signed to it. Harper's truly says, " The expediency of this feature of public school education seems fairly open to discus-sion: and attempts to choke off reasonable and decor-ous criticism of its methods are likely to have an effect the opposite of that desired. The sort of patriotism that is so boisterous about `Old Glory' that it dis-countenances free speech should try to get its bearings, and make sure it is not off its course." But the trouble is that these " Dr's." with foreign ideas as well as foreign names, have not yet got their bearings as to either free speech or patriotism. And they think they must enforce in American schools and upon American children, their foreign and despotic ideas and make them count and be accepted for patriotism. Such persons are not fit to be in any American schoolŠexcept as pupils to be taught American ideas. The other great trouble in this connection is that there are too many people who profess to be Americans has shown a trace of irritation over this earnest and public appeal for :him and his class to do something which they were sure to do anyway, and the same feeling exists among religious laymen to an extent greater than they would care to reveal. It may be said that the Pres-ident's proclamation had at least as much justification and was as inoffensive as those which he and state gov-ernors issue in November. The cases are slightly but materially different. Long custom has turned the Thanksgiving Day proclamation into a formality about which nobody thinks very much, and though the people who object even to an oblique hint of a connection be-tween church and state sometimes find fault with it, they are not seriously troubled. In the present instance the gratuitousness of the exhortation to prayer is not miti-gated by a knowledge that the action taken is merely a survival from the past. 