AMERICAN SENTINEL. 123 snbject to any power on earth.' In a letter of thanks to the president of the republic of Ecuador, dated Janu-ary 30, 1889, Leo XIII congratulated the president because, by a special treaty,the republic had been placed under the protection of the vicar of. Christ. (It is the constant aim of the Vatican to reduce all nations and peoples to the political, intellectual, and moral level of the republic of Ecuador). "In a letter of May 22, 1898, Leo XIII praised Cardinal Ferrari and the work done in his diocese,-though he knew him to be the leader in a rebellion against civil law and the chief instigator of the Milan revolt. "On August 1,1898, in an address to the people and to the clergy of Italy, the Pope protested against the suppression of certain Roman Catholic papers, associa-tions, and committees, all of which he knew to be revo-lutionary. Has any Pope ever pretended more than Leo XIII? Is there one encyclical, brief, letter, or ad-dress which demonstrates that he is any more liberal than Innocent III or Gregory VII, his 'illustrious' predecessors? . . HIS WORK FOR TFIE SPREAD OF IDOLATRYŁ "On several occasions Leo XIII has published poem prayers addressed to the 'most blessed' virgin. In a letter to the bishops of Italy, Sept. 20, 1887, we read: `It is well known to you how much confidence, in these ° calamitous times, we place in the glorious virgin of the rosary for the salvation and prosperity of Christians and for thepeace of the church. At other times we have reminded you of the magnificent triumphs won over the Albigenses and other powerful enemies'of the Catholic Church, glories and triumphs which resulted not only in profit to the church, but also in temporal prosperity to peoples and nations. Why could not these marvels be renewed in our days through the power and goodness of the mighty virgin? In order, therefore, to render more propitious this most powerful queen of heaven we intend to honor her more through the invocation of the rosary. Hence to increase the worship of the holy virgin we decree, beginning with this year, that the solemnity of the rosary be elevated to the second class, and we beseech all that, while making sweet violence to the heart of this mighty virgin, they pray for the exalt-ation of the church and of the apostolic see, and for the liberty of the vicar of Christ on earth.' . . . "On Aug. 15, 1889, the Pope called on all Catholics to invoke the protection of St. Joseph and of the Virgin Mary, because of the present troublesome times, and ordered that the feast of St. Joseph be celebrated throughout the Catholic world. "In an encyclical addressed to the clergy and people of Italy, Oct. 15, 1890, complaining of the atheistic spirit manifested in the proposed law in favor of civil marriage and in the monument unveiled to Giordano Bruno, the Pope recommended all 'to have as mediator before God the most glorious Virgin Mary, the never vanquished queen of the rosary, who has infinite power over the infernal hosts, and who has often expressed her special affection for Italy.' "On July 21, 1891, the Pope constituted by decree the Virgin Mary heavenly patron of the free states of the Congo, and in an encyclical of Sept. 23, 1891, he  said that the blessed Virgin was the 'remedy for all earthly ills.' "In his apostolic letter of April 14, 1895, addressed to the English people, the Pope offers a prayer to the virgin for the conversion of England. "A little later the Pope wrote a letter to the Coptics, inviting them to intimate union with the Churc& of Rome, and exhorting them to pray to the Virgin Mary and the sacred family. In May, 1896, the Pope com-posed a poem to the virgin, in which he recorded the triumphs won by the church over the Albigenses in France and over the Turks at Lepanto, through the recitation of the rosary. "Thus led on by Leo XIII, the ignorant clergy have precipitated' the more ignorant and superstitious peo-ple into fetish idolatry." Wanted To-dayŠMen Like Wendell Phillips. "WounDN'T there be some music. if Wendell Phillips were yet alive and in good healthŠin view of tendencies making for the practical annulment of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the national Constitution?" So discourses an able journal of Boston, Mass. Well, would it not be a good thing for this journal to produce a little "music" against, the wholesale attacks that are now being made, not merely against the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments, but the entire Constitu-tion? 0 that there were a few men, like Wendell Phillips, left, who would have the moral stamina to oppose all these party, and religio-political attacks, on our Consti-tution and Declaration of Independence! ULYSES G. ADKINS. Porto Rico Under "Benevolent Assimilation." THE desperate condition of the "common people" of Porto Rico, from the effects of the war, the hurricane, and "benevolent assimilation," is set forth in an appeal to be made to the United States Government by two labor leaders who have recently arrived from that island. The following facts relating to the matter are stated by the Journal, of this city:Š "Iglesias and Eduardo Conde, Porto Rican labor leaders, who arrived here from that island a few days ago, have issued an appeal to this Government on be-half of the workingmen of Porto Rico. "The two delegates, who have established a head-quarters at No. 64 East Fourth Street, declare that the working class of their island have been reduced by reason of the war, the hurricane, and the action of this Government since the storm, to a condition of extreme destitution. "They declare that unless action is taken soon riots will occur throughout the island, as the poor are des-perate from their sufferings. "To get justice, say these delegates, is almost im-possible for the poor and the laws practically result in 