88 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Tir An2eFicac, geRtir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some riend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Christian Statesman says :Š " The AMERICAN SENTINEL iS gradually de-fining its position, and American Christians will know exactly where to find it." Yes, we intend that "American Christians" -and everybody else shall know exactly where to find the SENTINEL. 0 Ł 0 NATIONAL REFORM petitions in favor of Sena-tor Blair's constitutional amendment, are be-ing circulated for signatures. They will be presented to you before long, and when they are, you want to bear in mind that that amendment provides for the establishment of a National religion, and a consequent religious despotism. 0 Ł U THE Executive Committee of the National Reform Association held a meeting in Pitts-burgh September 14; and one of its recom-mendations is this :Š " That Secretary Weir be appointed espe-cially to press the cause of National Reform upon the attention of political parties, during the next four years, and to enlist, as far as possible, in this endeavor the influence of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union." IN 1596, when James VI. of Scotland (I. of England), was attempting to force Episcopacy upon Scotland, a number of the Scottish clergy had an interview with the king, and when his Majesty accused them of holding seditious meetings (for so he characterized the meetings of the church for its own purposes), and of alarming the country without reason, one of them, Andrew Melville, thus answered him :Š "Sir, as divers times before I have told you, so now again I must tell you, there are two kings and two kingdoms in Scotland: there is King James, the head of this commonwealth, and there is Christ Jesus, the king of the church, whose subject James the Sixth is, and of whose kingdom he is not a king, nor a lord, nor a head, but a member. . . . We will yield to you your place, and give you all due obedience; but again I say, You are not the head of the church; you cannot give us that eternal life which we seek for even in this world, and you cannot deprive us of it. Per-mit us then freely to meet in the name of Christ, and to attend to the interests of that church of which you are the chief member." Which was equivalent to saying that they recognized the king's authority in civil mat-ters, but that in matters of religion they ac-knowledged no sovereign but Christ. And that is just what the Lord himself taught when he said: "Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Ciesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." It is to be regretted that all men have not as clear views of the true relation of Church and State as were ex-pressed by Andrew Melville to King James. IN the Christian Statesman of September 6, M. A. Gault says:Š "I had a long talk with Hon. T. C. Rich-mond, leader of the Prohibition party in Wis-consin. Ile is a popular speaker and a logical reasoner. He is almost constantly in the field addressing large audiences, endeavoring to convince the people that the Prohibition party should drop every other issue but Pro-hibition." Mr. Richmond's idea is correct. If Pro-hibition is what the Prohibitionists want, why are they not willing to work for that alone ? If Prohibition is what they want, why are they not willing to secure the help of every element that can be enlisted in favor of Prohibition ? The very fact that the so-called Prohibition party will not work for Prohibition alone, is proof that the religio-political managers of that party are only us-ing the Prohibition issue as a stepping-stone to the establishment of their power, and the subordination of the civil to the ecclesiastical power. A SHORT time ago a preacher in Selma, Cal., delivered a sermon on Tem.perance, Prohibi-tion, etc., in which he said :Š " We have laws to punish the man who steals our property ; but we have no law to prevent people from working on Sunday. It is right that the thief be punished ; but I have more sympathy for that man than I have for him that works on that day." This is directly in the line of things prom-ised by the Prohibition party. Whenever any party sets itself up as the protector of the Lord, and legislates upon things pertain-ing to God, then offenses, or supposed offenses, against God take precedence of all things else. Heresy becomes the highest crime. Then the thief will be let run, and receive sympathy, while the man who quietly works at his law-ful and honest calling is prosecuted, fined, and imprisoned. And Senator Blair's proposed amendment and Sunday law open the way for such men as this to carry their views into effect, by the civil power. THE Tribune of this city thinks that we are needlessly alarmed about the Blair Sunday Bill. The Tribune evidently does not under-stand the situation. The bill in question may fail to become a law, but that does not prove by any means that the serious consideration of such a measure is not a menace to religious liberty in this country. The systematic and persistent efforts which are being made by hundreds of thousands of people banded together in various churches, associations, and societies throughout our land to secure religious legislation in this country, should arouse every liberty-loving citizen to a sense of danger, and set him to work to enlighten others in regard to National Reform designs and practices. Senator Blair may be, as the Tribune inti-mates, a harmless "crank," but there are many thousands afflicted with the same re-ligious-legislation mania, and there is a dan-gerous method in their madness. We cannot afford to settle down in fancied security when such measures are being seriously proposed in the Senate of the United States. THE California Christian Advocate some weeks ago gravely informed its readers that " Congressman Plumb, of Kansas, has offered an amendment to the Sunday Civil Bill pro-viding an appropriation for the building of a public drinking fountain in the Capitol." Of course the bill to which the Kansas Congress-man has offered an amendment is the Sundry Civil Appropriation Bill; but in these days of proposed Sunday legislation it is perhaps not strange that the friends of Sunday laws fail to discern what to them seems so small a dif-ference. The time may come, however, when even the Sundry Appropriation Bill may contain clauses relative to Sunday, and then it will indeed be literally the " Sunday Civil Bill." Ł Ł Ł Nom long since a Prohibition Convention was held in Visalia, Cal. The preachers were very active and enthusiastic in it; and they succeeded in arousing a good deal of enthusi-asm in the body of the convention. After the convention had dispersed the following ques-tion was put to two of the preachers : " I sup-pose the object of this is, in the long run, to work it into a Sunday law?" And the an-swer was this :Š " That is what it is; -but we are not saying anything about that now, till we get the thing in running orderŠthen we will bring that in." That is precisely the scheme which the preachers are working through the third-party-Prohibition movement, and that is just the way that they are working it. Under cover of Prohibition and temperance legislation they are working for the establishment of a religious depotism. IN a speech in Boston on "The Prospects of Catholicism in the United States," Dr. Daniel Dorchester (Methodist) said :Š "Some people have been very anxious lest the Pope should come to this country. But I say, Let him come; it is the best thing that could be done. And I really think I would attempt to raise money to buy 10,000 acres of the best land in the United States, and make him a present of it for the seat of his Govern-nient. But when he comes here, he will be a great deal less of a man than he is at Rome." No, he would not. If the Pope should come here, with the politicians, and the Protestant ecclesiastics ambitious of civil power, he would soon be the head of the Na-tion in all matters of advice and arbitrationŠhe would virtually soon be the dictator. See the influence of Cardinal Gibbons. But if it is thus with only a Cardinal, what would it not be with the Pope? No, indeed; let not the Pope ever set foot in the United States. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either In name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 