378 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Religious Constitutions. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE National Reformers, so-called, who have for years been trying to secure a union of religion with the State in this country by means of an amendment to our national Constitution, are greatly rejoiced that in Aus-tralia, now about to form a confederation, there is a strong effort being made to form a constitution after this religious order. To this end the churches of Australia have circulated the following petition, which the members are largely signing:Š "1. That in the preamble of the Constitution of the Australian Commonwealth it be recognized that God is the Supreme Ruler of the world, and the ultimate source of all law and authority in nations. 2. That there also be embodied in the said constitution, or in the standing orders of the federal parliament, a provision that each daily session of the upper and lower houses of the federal parliament be opened with prayer by the president and speaker, or by a chaplain. 3. That the governor-general be empowered to appoint days of national thanksgiving and humiliation." As might be expected, the Catholics of Australia are very anxious that these principles should be embodied in the Australian federal constitution. They well know that the time may, and probably will, come when they can use this thin edge of a general establishment of reli-gion to drive in the one religion of the Roman Catholic Church and make that the religion ?f the Australian State. Protestants in their blindness fail to see it. They also fail to see that the adoption of such ideas is a vir-tual surrender to the Church and State theories which caused so many persecutions in the Middle Ages. Other points are worthy of notice. The Catholic Church here claims that she has all that she wants in this country; that the Constitution of the United States just suits her; but the Catholics of Australif wish to put into the constitution of that country the very things in regard to religion which were expressly and purposely thrown out and forbidden by the Constitution of the United States! This harmonizes with a late encyclical of the pope in which he said that while "it would be universally lawful or expedient for State and Church, as in America, to be dissevered or divorced, she (the church) would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition to lib-erty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." So the Catholics of Australia, and the Protestants too, want more than liberty; they want the "favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." Should they get this in principle in the constitution, then the battle will open to see which will get the most in reality. It must be so. Again: the very fact that they deem it necessary to insert a clause in their constitution acknowledging God to be the Ruler of nations before securing a provision for chaplains and days of thanksgiving and prayer, proves  that under our Constitution such things, although prac-ticed, are not constitutional. They at least desire to be consistent. It may be difficult to tell which is better, to have a good constitution and override it, as is done in this country, or to have a bad one and live up to it; but all will agree that a good one fully lived up to and re-spected in its letter and spirit is best of all. We have a good Constitution here. Religion is left out that it may not be a subject of controversy, that it may be free. The framers of our Constitution, living so near the times of fierce persecution, knew how to avoid those furnace fires of religious intolerance which have consumed the glory of so many nations better than their degenerate descendants who have never felt persecutions and so do not know how they arise nor what they are like. The example of our great nation in making a Consti-tution requiring no religious test of our citizens, a Con-stitution that every honest man of whatever religion or of no religion can support, and our remarkable national growth so largely derivative from it, ought to have more effect on the people of Australia as a pointer to them in framing their constitution than all the petitions of reli-gious devotees whose misdirected religious zeal and en-thusiasm have gotten the better of their judgment. The voice and lessons of history should be given the prefer-ence in attention rather than the wild clamors of religious zealots. With many Australians so unwisely desiring what the fathers of this country knew would be fatal to our progress as a nation, and with a strong tendency here to change our Constitution in this respect or to override it, there is great need of a faithful expose of these medieval theories which would drag our modern liberty and pro-gress back into the quagmire of former generations and bury it beyond the hope of a resurrection. Ł 0-4111- 4 -4 The " New [Christian Citizenship] Fourth of July." As was to be expected, the fourth of July is to share the fate of other national days is being appropriated to the uses of "Christian Citizenship." A suggested pro-gramme, which has been sent out "To all ministers and Christian patriots" from the headquarters of the Na-tional Christian Citizenship League; in Chicago, provides for observing "The New Fourth of July" with "rousing celebrations on definity Christian citizenship lines." The programme is as follows:Š "6:30 A. M.ŠFiring of salute of seven or thirteen guns, immediately followed by simultaneous peals from all the church bells, lasting five minutes. "6 :00 A. M.ŠUnion sunrise prayer meetings. Every-body invited. "9 :00 A. M.ŠBand concert or other music at place of rendezvous. "9:30 A. M.ŠForm procession and march to various 