672 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Indeed, but they are no worse, my child, than any Ł man to-day who is not perfectly willing that anybody and everybody shall enjoy the same freedom which he himself desires,Šand there are many such even now. I assure you the selfish people did not all live in France a few hundred years ago. "As I said, Henry IV. did profess Catholicism, the second time, this last time in order to save his throne. Of course this was a very blameworthy action, for I am quite sure he could not have been sincere. However, let us remember that the poor king was almost forsaken,Šin fact, there were not more than one sixth of his own subjects who were true to him, and he had no friend but the Queen of England, Elizabeth." "Was that any excuse for him to do wrong, dO you think?" asked Julia March. "None whatever. Still he proved to be a kind and humane king, and so we should not be too harsh in our judgment of him. And though popular opinion would stamp him as a weak-minded turncoat,Šand rightly enough too,Šyet because of his apparently unselfish love for his people, his memory is revered by them, even after a lapse of 300 years." "0 teacher!" exclaimed Julia March, "Isn't he the French king who used to say that he wanted everybody in France to have a chicken for his Sunday dinner? Aunt Eunice said this morning that this is what a French king said, but she didn't know what his name was, or when he reigned." "Yes, Julia, said Professor Carman, smiling, "I rather think your aunt referred to an old saying of Henry IV., which has passed into history. The exact thing which he did say was this: 'I want every man in my kingdom to have a fowl in his pot for Sunday."' "0, Professor Carman, if,  you please, Milly Brown has something to read about this king," interrupted Julia March. "She has hidden it away in her desk, but I know she has it!" "Well, Milly, we have just about time to listen to a short paper before closing; will you kindly favor us?" "I meant to add more to it, and read it next week professor; but I will read what I have if you like," and Milly stepped to the desk, by her teacher's side, and began:Š "Henry IV. was first called King of Navarre. He was also called 'The Great' and 'The Good.' He was born in 1553. His mother was a Protestant, and she was so afraid her little boy would be stolen away from her and be brought up a Catholic, that she, took him one day and sent him over to the Huguenot army. When he was only nineteen he married the sister of the King of France. He would have been killed even if he was the king's brother-in-law, along with the other poor people at the St. Bartholomew massacre if he had not pretended to be a Catholic. He again became a Protestant and again recanted, to save his throne. But after all he seemed to have afgreat deal of faith that God would be with him  and prosper him in spite of his being so weak and fickle. Once when about to be attacked by a large army, he an-swered the fellow that told him about it and laughed at Henry's small army, by saying pleasantly: 'You don't see them all. God and the right are always with me.' "The one thing that made a good many friends for Henry IV. was his good temper; and then, he would not hardly ever punish any of his personal enemies, but would be so kind to them that lots of times they became his best friends. "King Henry the Fourth never lied to his people. This was such a strange thing, and so different from the way the other kings acted, that every other king and queen in Europe was surprised at him. "There was a man that wrote a book to prove that it was necessary and just and right for kings to be hypo-crites. But Henry did not believe it at all, though even the Protestant English queen Elizabeth was influenced quite a good deal by it." Ł "Is that all you have, Milly? that was well done. If you will kindly finish your paper this week, we will be glad to hear the remainder at our next study." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIJTTLE. "Push Your Own Wheelbarrow." A SHORT time ago I was impressed by a remark made concerning an individual who is considered rather eccen-tric in some respects, but who nevertheless, according to the remark, possesses the very commendable trait of "pushing his own wheelbarrow." It brought to mind the familar saying of Emerson, "Hitch your wagon to a star." There is in the human heart a desire to progress, to rise above present conditions and surroundings, no mat-ter what these may be. And this desire springs from the Eternal, having been implanted in the heart of man at the dawn of creation. The fact that before every human soul are great possibilities, appeals to the youthful hearts with especial force; for whether or not these possibilities will ever be realized depends upon the decisions made in the springtime of life. "Truth belongs to God. The pursuit of truth be-longs to man." Yet there are those with seemingly the most favorable surroundings for advancement, who, de-spite an inward longing for something better which they do not possess, are prone to settle down and be content with present attainments, become a captive to indolence, a slave to inertia, with by far too little energy to push their own wheelbarrow. Each milestone gained on life's acclivity Increases the circumference of view. The broadest fields lie nearest to the sky; They see the most who highest paths pursue. No mountain summit was ever reached without ef-fort and the overcoming of great obstacles. But there is an awful grandeur surrounding the grotesque peak 