90 SENTINEL,. of the court "is void." This is true; and if such decisions were completely ignored by everybody, and so left mean-ingless and void as they are, they could never do any harm. But it is hardly possible that there could ever be a decision in which nobodywould have sufficient personal interest to seek to make it of force as far as possible; and every decision, void or, otherwise, always stands as a matter of record to be taken up by interested parties and used as a precedent upon which to carry any princi-ple involved, to its fullest extent in real factitive law. For this reason it is incumbent upon the people to see that every such decision is so positively pronounced ' void, and so regarded by themselvesŠthe supreme and ultimate authorityŠthat it shall not be cited even as a precedent. There is another excellent statement of this principle, which, though not bearing exactly the force of national authority, is well worthy to be set down here. is, in every respect true, and shows how this subject ,pre-sents itself to a disinterested - mind. Mr. Bryce, in his great work, " The Atherican Commonwealth," speaks thus:Š "How and by whom, in case of dispute, is the validity Or invalidity of a statute to be determined?ŠSuch deter-siiination is to be effected by setting the statute' side by side with the Constitution, and considering whether there is a discrepancy between them. Is the purpose of the fstatute one `of the purposes mentioned or implied in the 'Constitution? Does it in pursuing that purpose contain anything which violates any clause of the Constitution? Sometimes this is a simple'question which an intelligent ilayman may answer; more frequently it is a difficult one, which needs not only the subtlety of a trained lawyer, but a knowledge of former cases which have thrown light on the same or a similar point. In any event it is an im-portant question, whose solution ought to proceed from a weighty authority. It is a question of interpretation, that is, of determining the true meaning both of the su-perior law [the Constitution] and of the inferior law [the statute], so as to discoves whether they are inconsis-tent. Now the interpretation of laws belongs to courts of justice." "How is the interpreting authority restrained? If the. American Constitution is capable of being so developed by this expansive interpretation, what security do its written terms offer to . the people and to the States? . . . There stands ,above and be-d:dud the Legislature, the executive, and the ,judiciary, ANOTHER POWER, that of public opinion. The Pres-ident, Congress, and the courts are all, the two former directly, the latter practically, amenable to the peo- ple. . . If the people approve the way in which these,  authorities are interpreting and using the Constitution, they go on; if the people disapprove, they pause, or at ileast slacken their pace. . . . The people have, of course, much less exact notions of the Constitution than the legal profeSsion or the courts. But . . . they are sufficiently attached to its general doctrines, they suffi-ciently prize the protection it affords them against their own impulses, to censure any interpretation which palpa-bly departs from the old lines." And upon all this it is well to bear in mind, and-proper ever to say, that "there is not in this view any assault upon the court or the judges." It is simply maintaining the fundamental principle of the Government of the United States, and the vital principle of the rights of the people. Nor is this to say, nor in any sense 'to imply, that every man is at liberty to disregard, or disrespect, what-ever decision of the court he may not personally agree with. It is to say that it is absolutely incumbent on every citizen to be so well read in the Constitution-  that he shall know fOr himself the limitations upon the Gov- ernment, and shall know how to act accordingly. Every citizen must hold himself, as well as the court, and the Government, altogether, strictly to the Constitution. The Present Practical Bearing of this Discussion. Tins discussion would be well worth all the space that is given to it in these columns, even though there were nothing more to it than the calling of the minds of the people anew to a vital principle of their government that is almost wholly forgotten. But this is not all there is to this matter. The ques-tion has a present practical bearing, that is of the great-est importance to all the people of the nation. In 1892,-the Supreme Court of the United States expressed its opinion that the first amendment to the Constitution has one language and one meaning with organic acts whose object was "the establishment of the Christian religion;" and that therefore the meaning 'of the Constitution is that " thiS is a Christian nation." This decision has been seized upon, and has' been pushed ever since, by the combined religious elements of the country as authority for demanding 'that religious customs, rites, and dogmas shall be recognized and en-forced in the legislation and the actions generally of the Government. In this crowding religious practices upon the Govern-ment, and upon the people by governmental power, the ecclesiastical managers find it "a very wholesome doc-trine, and one very full of comfort," that from a decision of the Supreme Court there is no appeal,Šthat a `Su-preme Court decision is a ' Thus saith the Lord." As stated by a Catholic priest, as illustrating the doctrine of the infallibility of the Pope, it stands thus :Š " It is strange that a rule which requires a Supreme Court to give final decisions on disputed points in our Constitution, should be abused and slandered when em-ployed by the Catholic Church. Citizens and others may read the Constitution, but they are not allowed to inter-pret it for themselves, but must submit to the interpreta-tion given by the Superior [Supreme(?)] Court. The Bible is the constitution of the Catholic Church, and while all are exhorted to read this divine constitution, the interpretation of its true meaning must be left to the superior court of the church founded by Christ. The de-cision of our Federal Supreme Court is final; the decision 