III' i ',1.1011 .1141111,/,)—,, iiii II! Illh 11111111111.111..,,. Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOT.AtiME 5. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 11, 1890. NUMBER 49. be American Sentinel. PUBLISNED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIPIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE Sabbath is emphatically an Amer-jean institution.ŠMail and Express. How long since ? The' Christian world has for nineteen hundred years had an idea that the Sabbath was intended for the obServance of all mankind. There is no national peculiarity about it.ŠNew York Press. HAD God commissioned men to admin-ister his law, and to require of their fel-lows the discharge of duties due to the Divine Being, it would have destroyed responsibility to God, and have put man in: the place of God. On the other hand, had God not committed to men the power to regulate to some extent their relations with each other, to enforce and preserve their own rights, one of two things would have followed: either punishment would have been so long delayed as to afford no protection to those in need of it, or else vengeance would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very design of God in making man a free moral agent. THAT the adoption of the National Re- form creed is that which is demanded by the Conference on moral instruction in the schools, is evident from the following from Rev.. G. S. Payson's account of that meeting :Š The first address, delivered by ProfessOr George R: Crooks, was a most eloqtent and persuasive presentation of the reasons why morals should be taught in every public school in the Union, and whys reverence for God and responsibility to him should in every case be made the basis for such instruction. . . . The State is divinely ordained;  it is a moral being, and the subject of a moral gov-ernment, for we hear of "a corrupt State," and of " ihe just retribution which may be visited upon a State; " all this the State should teach. And yet we suppose that the gentlemen who demand that this instruction be given at public expense, would to a man insist that it is purely non-sectarian. It must be that only that which the other fellow believes is sectarian ; " that which I hold myself is the 'simon-pure,' unadulterated article absolutely essential to that morality which is absolutely essential to the well-being of the State." An Anti-Christian Scheme. WE have stated several times that the Sunday-law movement and, in fact, the whole movement in general for religious legislation, is directly contrary to the gos-pel of Christ. The theory, the methods, and the purposes of the movement are the opposite of those that pertain to the gospel of Christ. And that this is so we propose to demonstrate by proofs that cannot be questioned. To begin with we quote from Mr. Crafts's book, "The Sabbath for Man," a passage from under the heading, " The Improvement of Sabbath Observance." It is written to show how Sunday observ-ance can be improved ; to show how that good for which the Sunday-law advocates are working may be promoted. It is as follows The best way to keep young men in the Sabbath school at the very age when they need it most, is to put a hedge of adult classes, filled with their parents, between them and the door. Mark, this is given as the best way to keep young men in the Sabbath School. To any one who knows anything about the gospel of Christ, it is easy to see that the method here recommended as the best is directly the opposite of the gospel method. This " best way " proceeds wholly upon the idea of force, it recognizes no other means, whereas the sole theory upon which the gospel of Christ proceeds is that of lov-ing persuasion. The idea of the gospel is by careful, tender instruction to implant in the minds of people such a love for the day, and the place, and the forms of won ship, and the service of God, as shall take precedence of everything else, being in itself such a constraint as to utterly dis-pense with every such machine - made method as is here recommended by the chief factor for promotion of Sunday ob-servance, and a noted Sunday school in-structor as well. The word of the gospel of Christ is, "The love of Christ constrain-eth us." When such is the case, all the service of God, all the times of worship, are a delight; but by such a method as is here recommended it would be but a very little while indeed until it would be perfectly in order for the author of this " best way " to tell what would be the best way to get the young men into the house at all, as well as to keep them in rafter they are there. But this is not all. The writer contin-ues :Š The next best remedy for the truancy of Sabbath school boys is for every superintendent to provide his teachers with blanks by which the attendance and contributions of each scholar, except adults, may be reported through the mail quarterly or monthly to parents. A third remedy which may be used, with or without the second, is to prlo vide each member of the school quarterly with smalrnumbered envelopes such as are used for weekly collections in churches, in which parents may put the missionary dime or nickel and seal it up, so that it may not get lost on the way to Sabbath school, and so that the treasurer of the Sabbath school can at his home credit each person by their number with what is paid. Where such an envelope system has been adopted collections have been doubled, which means more than the saving of moneyŠit, means preven- L tion of Sabbath breaking and conscience breaking by little embezzlers who were not before sufficiently protected against temptation. The whole quotation proceeds upon the same theory as that above noticed. Parents must first suspect their children of being rascals, and count them as embryo thieves, and are therefore not to trust their children with loose money, but must " seal it up" lest it be embezzled. Instead of teaching what he chooses to call these " little embezzlers " to be honest enough not to embezzle the missionary money, Mr, 