372 AMERICAN SENTINEL. with Russia as to what shall be respectively Russian and English spheres of influence, may be well judged, but it has placed her irrevocably in the category of nations that recognize spheres of influence, or areas of develop-ment, which are nothing more than sugar-coated diplo-matic phrases and synonyms of areas of actual sover-eignty. "Russia, Germany, France, and even Austria and Italy had long ago indicated their position. Now that England has joined them, America stands alone as the only great power not committed to such a destructive and divisional policy. In other words, if the United States to-morrow, in diplomatic note or agreement, rec-ognize spheres of influence, all hope for the maintenance of the integrity of China is goneŠthat is, America is at this moment the arbiter of China's future. "While I would cast no reflections on the honest opinions of men who, in possible patriotic interpretation of sentiment, oppose our policy of expansion in the far East, I would beg to suggest that in this instanceexpan-sion is a synonym for commerceŠand commerce is the life-blood of nations. . . . For, after all, in the appli-cation among nations of the cruel principle of the sur-vival of the fittest, the material interests involved are usually the deciding influence." "America is at this moment the arbiter of China's future," and is expected to assert her power in this re-spect. She is to "expand" to the Shores of China. "In this instance expansion is a synonym for commerce, and commerce is the life-blood of nations"Šparticularly so of those nations which "expansion" absorbs. There must be an application of the "cruel principle of the sur-vival of the fittest," and "the material interests in-volved" are the "deciding influence." Such is the influence that is pushing the United States into the arena of political strife in Asia. Will the prize that is gained be worth the price that will be paid? No more important question is to-day before the Ameri-can people. "The Pious Slave." BY P. T. MAGAN. WHILE traveling in the State of Mississippi a little while ago, I chanced to meet a poor old colored woman, who was a slave in the days "befo' de wah." Her deep piety and simple, unaffected faith touched a responsive chord in my heart, and I requested that she tell me the story of how she came to be a Christian under circumstances so forbidding as are those of slavery. I will tell the story as nearlras I can in her own words, so that its native simplicity may be as far as possible preserved:Š "We poor alaVes could not read, and there was a latv that no one might teach us to read. We never saw a Bible, and never heard one read. Pit God did not for- get,  us. We did not know much how to pray, but I used to go out alone, and kneel down among the corn stalks on the plantation, and ask God as best I knew to help a  poor sinner like me. If they caught me praying, they beat me; but I did n't mind that,Šwhy, no, I was going to pray anyhow, no matter how much I got whipped. Well, after a while the war came, and then we was all set free. I began hunting for God. I couldn't read yet; but I could pray. One time I set myself to pray all night that God would help me; and as I was praying, it was revealed unto meŠit warn't no dream; no, sah, I know what a dream is; but a voice came and talked with me, and told me these words, 'Not by might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts.' Those words were spoken to me, I know they were, again and again and again were they told to me. I never read them out of the Bible, I couldn't read a word, and no one had ever read to me. Long time afterward I learned to read, and then I found them there. It greatly surprised me; but I knew then for sure that it had been the Lord who had spoken to me. "But I wasn't satisfied. I went to every church s-hunting for the Lord. I heard every one of them preach; but they did not have what I wanted. It seems as if I could not bear it any longer; I must have help. I believe I should have gone insane, if help hadn't come. I could hear a little preaching; but I wanted some one to come and teach me the Bible itself, and show me how to read and study out of it. But one night I dreamed I saw a school-house, and by it there flowed a beautiful river of clear water. I was led up to the building, and went in. There was a man seated there, and he told me, 'There will come a school like this to the town, in which you live. In that school the poor colored people will be taught the word of God. It will be the text-book, and they can read out of it. It will come, but you must be patient.' Time passed away. Then they told me that some men had come to town, and that they rested on the seventh day, and believed that the Lord was com-ing 'soon. They told me that these men had a night-school on the hill. And then it was revealed unto me that this was the school about which I had dreamed, and that I must go and attend it. I went, and sure enough it was. There I heard this precious truth, and it is the religion for which my soul had thirsted so long." This story is a true one. The Bible was taught in that school, and the "Gospel Primer" was used as a simple Bible text-book for the people. lk f -11'4.1 Going With or Against the Crowd. "Sunday School Times." Pr is a good thing to go with -the multitude- when one can do so with a good conscience. It is better to 'be in harmciny with one's fellows than to quarrel with them,. -if Peace and righteousness can be-harmonized. And it is a Mistake to cultivate differences about small matters, and thus needlessly weaken their respect for our judgment. But, as this world is constituted, it is 