THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. - 761 body of the organization. But the repeating con-tinues. Many of those who are members of labor lodges are also members of churches. Their church sends in a petition; they vote again. The ministers' meeting of their town sends in a petition; they are represented again. The repeating goes on. Their Sunday school petitions; they vote again. The county Sabbath school association memorializes Congress; again they are counted. Their churches convene their different presbyteries, synods, confer-ences, ecumenical councils, etc.; in them all they are represented again and again, over and over. The multiplicity of the repeating becomes bewildering. But the Evangelical Alliance may vote them again, and scattering congregations of repeaters may be gathered at almost any extra religious service, re-vival or union meeting. Through the organizations of the Christian Endeavor Society and Epworth League the same process is followed." Some very astonishing things were disclosed in these " representative petitions " which came before Congress at that time. It was found that more pe-titions for Sunday closing came in from some States than could be made from the signatures of every man, woman, and child the State contained. This was brought to public attention by the Washington Post of May 5, 1892, which in the same connection asked some very pertinent questions. This is what the Post said: " In their efforts to close the World's Fair on Sundays, the good people who are so careful of other people's morals seem to have temporarily forgotten their own. They have been working the various States with petitions, and getting signatures with a zeal that is literally appalling. The Michigan pe-tition has just reached the Chicago managers, and upon examination is found to ,represent 800,000 more people than the last census discovered in the State. The inference is that the propaganda, so far as Michigan is concerned, at least, includes not only the grown folks, but the babies, the yellow dogs, the wolves, and the catfish. There is no other way to account for the size of that petition. "A similar growth is indicated in Ohio, and per-haps in other States. But the feature of real inter-est is the astonishing disclosure of ardor on the part of persons who constitute themselves guardians of their neighbors' consciences. It suggests a great many ideas which we cannot fully catalogue in the limited space at the disposal of a daily newspaper. It occurs to us to inquire, however, whether it be worse in morals to look at an industrial exhibit on Sunlay than to concoct and utter falsehoods during tne. week?" Such is the way in which these petitions for Sunday closing are made to represent the " prevail-ing sentiment " of the people. Such representations are certainly not entitled to much respect. s. WHAT THE COURTS SAY ABOUT IT. SHouLD the Pan-American Exposition be closed Sundays on the ground that Sunday is a religious day which the people are religiously bound to observe by refraining from work? Is this the reason why the State should decide in favor of Sunday closing? "Oh, no;" say the advocates of enforced Sunday observance, " we only ask for Sunday clos-ing on civil grounds. Laws enforcing Sunday rest are not religious laws at all, but civil laws;-  they enforce a civil Sabbath." But is this true? History gives no such answer. The fountain head of the stream of Sunday legis-lation was wholly religious; at what point did the stream change its character? The courts of law have spoken over and over again upon the character of Sunday laws. What have they said on the sub- .. ject? Let us note some of their decisions. In 1824 an English judge said: "It seems to me that the object of the statute was to prevent persons keeping open shop and disregarding the decency of the Lord's day by the public show of their ordinary trades and occupations." ŠLittledale J., in Bloxsome vs. Williams, 5 D. and R., 82. In 1811, in the State of New York, Judge Kent said of the Sunday law: "The statute has, for over a century, recognized the, sanctity of the obligation and punished its vio-lators."ŠRuggles' case, 8 Johns, 290. Ł In Boynton vs:. Page (12 Wend., New York, 57) the decision speaks of " the public order and solemnity of the day." Twenty-five years later (1859) anpther New York judge declared that the Sunday law of New York " explicitly recognizes the first day of the week as holy time."ŠCampbell vs. International Soc., 4 Bos., N. Y., 298. A Pennsylvania decision (Jeandelle's case, 3 Phil., 509) affirms that " the day [Sunday] is clothed with a peculiar sanctity." In Moore vs. Hogan (2 Duv., 437) two statutes of Kentucky are contrasted, the decision stating that "one applies to Sunday as sacred, and the other to holidays as secular." An 