116 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. to take parts, so as to draw money out of godly and ungodly pockets. And what does the sinner think and. say of this ? Why, that the Church is no better than the world." "Disguise it as you like, the Church, in a general sense, is spiritually in a rapid decline. While it grows in numbers and money, it is becoming ex-tremely feeble and limited in its spirituality, both in the pulpit and the pews. It is assuming the shape and character of the church of Laodicea. There are thousands of ministers, local and con-ference, and many thousands of the laity who are as dead and worthless as barren fig trees." Following these are other testimonies of a like nature, and then comes this state-ment from the late Rev. Austin Phelps, Professor in Andover Theological Semi-nary :Š We live in an age in which individualism in matters of religion has run wild. The waning of authority in the Church has carried with it, on the downward grade, the restrictive duties and courte-sies of Christian morals which were once subject to the common conscience of believers, in which now every one does that which is right in his own eyes. To this the author adds :Š In spite of the efforts put forth on the part of those who feel admissions of waning strength would prove detrimental to church interests, the fact can not be ignored that its influence for good, for building up Christ's kingdom, evangelizing the world is on the wane ; that the garments of the Church are donned by many more for serving their own purposes than for the grand object of practically adopting the teachings and examples of the Master. Look at the, defalcations, thefts, and rascalities every day coming to light, of those who have held high position in the Church, bringing ruin ofttimes to widows and orphans whose all has been confided to their keeping. While there are many noble examples to offset these, yet the,lamentable fact confronts us that the tendency is to a laxity of morals and discipline that is bringing disgrace and contempt upon the Church, neutralizing in a large degree its power for good. What wonder, in view of this, that so many should be led to question the fundamental principles of Christianity and stray to other folds, accepting the doctrines of liberal churches and freethinkers. Well may we pause and ask, "Whither are we drifting ?" The religious tenets of the Church are based on the great fundamental principles, of the Bible ; and when in conformity to its teachings it labors for the salvation of mankind there can be no doubtful result. Following this, our author refers to the various theories of the origin of the earth, once rejected by the Church as anti-Script- ural but now accepted and taught; also to the doctrine of a future probation, and then says:Š When the fact-is considered that its influence is all-pervading, sapping and undermining the churches in a measure that threatens destruction, it is time the tocsin of alarm was sounded. Not only is Andover and other staunch theological institu-tions being shaken, but ministers, as also laymen, in high places everywhere are contaminated`; oft publicly advocating adversely to the old creeds that but maintain the basic principles of divine authority. To remedy this it is evident that the most decisive measures are demanded, in lieu of the palliatives that have so long been unsuccessfully resorted to. The Sunday-rest bill now pending in Congress, as also the proposed amendment to the Constitution wherein God and Christ are recognized as the head of all authority will, upon final enactment, insure largely the benefits sought by their promoters, as also go far towards securing further and more pointed legislation in the interests of the Church, which must be had in order to fully protect itself  from the freethought heresies and liberal sentiments that are so surely gaining on it. Among the ad-vantages thus to be secured is the control and cen-sorship of the mails to the exclusion of all matter antagonizing the authority and doctrines of the evangelical churches, when, indeed, will Satan be shorn of a power hardly to be measured in words. This the author realizes is pretty strong meat for the average American mental stomach, and he adds:Š This may seem too dominating, the wielding of a power not consistent with our boasted land of freedom. There is a just limit to freedom as to all things else. The laws already refuse the use of the mails for certain demoralizing agencies, obscene literature, lotteries, etc. The agency of the press, through the mails, in disseminating heretical Łand liberal doctrines to the injury of the Church, is a thousand-fold greater in its terrible and far-reaching conse-quences than is all the literature to which the mails are closed. This assertion may be a startling one, yet nevertheless true, unless the doctrine, as dis-tinctly declared by the Bible and as held by the Church, that mankind can only be saved through the atoning blood of Christ, be false. Who that accepts the Bible in its fullness, in con-templation of the millions that are being led through the soothing doctrines of liberal and easy-going church influences down to everlasting perdition, could for a moment hesitate to lend his influence in shutting out from the mails every paper, pamphlet, or book that gives countenance to the theory that there is any hope for the salvation of mankind ex-cept through the merits or atoning blood of Christ'? When the advantage coming of the Sunday-rest bill and others allied to it is secured, together with that which is sure to follow, then it is that not only the control of the mails but all else pertaining to the authority of the Church, will be established on a basis so firm as to be able to withstand and over-come all opposing influences. That this would be strictly in accord- ance with National Reform theories the author shows by a number of quotations which he gives as follows:Š In speaking of the advantages to be gained by the adoption of the proposed amendment, Rev. R. C. Wylie, a member of the National Reform Associa-tion, whose object is to promote and aid in these reforms says, " We would then have a vantage ground we have not now." Says M. A. Gault, a leading worker in the Association, "Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the Gov. ernment simply set up the moral law and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Says Jona-than Edwards, D. D., of New York City, "We want State and religion and we are going to have it. . . The Christian oath and Christian morality shall have in this land an undeniable legal basis. We use the word religion in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obe-dience to God." Again, in a conventicn of this Association, in 1887, it was held that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying enthusiasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's king;ŠYea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effect; king of its courts, its camps, its commerce; king of its colleges and cloisters; king of its customs and Constitutions. . . . The kingdon of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." In the Christian Statesman, of February 21, 1884, Rev. J. M. Foster, District Secretary of the National Reform Association, declared that among the duties the reigning Mediator requires of nations, is an "acknowledgment and performance of the nation's duty to guard and protect the Church by suppress-ing all public violation of the moral law. . . . By exempting church property from taxation," and  "by providing her funds out of the public treasury, for carrying on her aggressive work at home and in the foreign field." Says another avowed champion of this cause, " I want to see the day come when the Church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, national, and municipal; when the great churches of this country can come together harmo-niously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it, and enact it into law." Thus are we encouraged by these and a host of other noble workers, who are determined that the ends sought shall be gained at whatever sacrifice it may cost. It is evident that a more powerful lever- Ł age than that of words must be brought to bear on those who persist in their opposition to the rights of the Church and its wholesome restraint. The only possible defense of such meth-ods is thus stated To make our protests effective they must be backed . by a power beyond that of words alone. But the cry is made that in the rigid application of this principle the right of conscience would be denied. Even so, regardless of the conscientious scruples of these Seventh-day Sabbath keepers, the Jews, and others who assert their right to disregard the Sabbath recognized by the Church. So long as this right is recognized and tolerated, so long will the Church be hampered in its efforts to overcome the heretical doctrines that have ever been a hindrance to its advancement. Says a prom-inent writer, referring to the legislation asked for, " When this is had, as it soon should be, then we will rule the interests of godliness and sweep away , those impious laws of liberty of conscience which are an insult, to God and man." Rev. David Gregg, D. D., pastor of Park Street Church, Boston, a vice president of the National Reform Association, affirms that the civil power " has the right to command the consciences of men." To show that all that he has indicated may be realized, our author says :Š It is to be especially noted as one of the most hopeful signs of gaining the desired object, to se-cure legislation that shall forever settle the matter in the interests of the Church, that nearly all the States have enacted laws recognizing the sanctity of the Sabbath, as held by the Church. Following this he very logically argues that if government, State or national, has the right in any degree to abridge or interfere with the right of conscience, of punishing by fine and imprisonment the Seventh-day Baptists and others of like faith who claim to conscientiously regard and keep the seventh day as the Sabbath, and as conscientiously labor and attend to secular interest on the first day, it certainly can do so to any extent it can be made to appear the welfare of the Church demands. In justification of this course our author presents the following argument which every logically consistent National Re-former must practically make his own The sacredness of Sunday in the higher sense could not be consistently maintained if the essential belief were lacking in the fundamental doctrines of the ChurchŠthe fall and redemption through the atonement. Hence, it is evident that laws against the desecration of the Sabbath were inspired by the belief that- the fundamental doctrines of the evan-gelical order should be accepted as against the views of liberalists, who deny the sacredness of the Sabbath. It is also evident that the freedom so long accorded to those who ignore the' basic princi-ples of Christianity; but strengthens their purposes to- gain the supremacy, to displace the doctrine of the atonement by that of progression, of the ulti-mate salvation of the whole human family. To counteract such pernicious teaching the Church should be invested with full power to suppress, at least so far as open advocacy is concerned, all such heresies. It is evident that the infliction of the se- 