AMERICAN SENTINEL. 219 if that were true, have an easy means of redress in an appeal to the Washington authorities. The conscientious objections of these sailors against "violating the Sabbath," are no doubt quite similar to those held by many workingmen in all occupations,Šthey do not want to violate the "Sabbath" unless they can have extra pay for doing it. Sunday Cigar Selling Prohibited in Massachusetts. New York " Sun." BOSTON, March 20.ŠAs the result of a Supreme -Court decision,more than 1,500 stores in this city hold-ing victualler's licenses cannot sell cigars on Sunday, the new rule going into effect on next Sunday. Chair-man Clarke of the Police Commission said to-day that the law would be enforced, which means that no more cigars can be bought from any but a drug store on Sunday. The hotel-keepers and inn-keepers have been thrown into excitement, for lawyers say they may be compelled to stop selling cigars on Sunday. The law in the case of inn-holders is similar to that for common victuallers, and until a court shall decide otherwise it is believed that the inn-holders and hotel men will have to lock up their cigar cases on Sunday. A ruling was handed down by the Supreme Court yesterday to the effect that a common victualler's li-cense does not allow the holder to sell cigars on Sun-day. The case was that of the Commonwealth against Catharine Graham, of Revere, the proprietor of a res-taurant in that town. "Representative" Petitions. titioned with a sense of the political influence of the pe-titioners. And the idea is continually growing stronger that rights inure, or, rather, that favors ought to be granted, in proportion to influence at the polls. "All this accounts for the numerous petitions com-ing before Congress in the name of churches, praying for this, that, and the other measure of legislation. The churches are not alone in this kind of politics, but it is more significant from that standpoint because it shows a growing disposition on the part of the church to influence the world by a show of political power, rather than by the power and consequent fruits of the Spirit. "It is claimed by nearly all classes in this country that the separation of church and state is the true prin-ciple of government, and such is the nominal character cf this Government; therefore to see long arrays of peti-tions from the churches as such in our halls of legisla-tion, for the purpose of controlling the action of the Government, or praying to the Government for favors, shows a disposition to close up the supposed gap be-tween the church and the state. Moreover, it shows a growing lack of trust in the Spirit of God to supply all the power that the church needs for its work in the earth. "Furthermore, to see churches in the far East, or North, or West, or South, petitioning Congress to enact some local measure for the District of Columbia, as though the people of that locality were in some way in-capacitated for self-government, shows a spirit of polit-ical meddling entirely foreign to the spirit of the gospel. It shows an ambition for worldly power and influence utterly incompatible with the spirit of the 'meek and lowly' One, who 'made himself of no reputation,' and went about doing good. In matters pertaining to the cause and kingdom of Christ, 'no man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier.' 2 Tim. 2:4." • 4 The State Exists for the Citizen. SPEAKING of the evils of this now common system of, presenting petitions to Congress and other legislative bodies, a writer in the Signs of the Times says:Š "It is true that legislators, and others to whom public petitions usually go, are coming to give more weight to petitions that purport to represent churches, fraternities, etc., than to those bearing the signatures of individuals without additional representation. This is due to the fact that organizations are supposed to hold their membership together in certain contingen-cies and therefore are able to wield more politicalpower than the same number of individuals without organiza-tion. "It is the knowledge of this influence upon public officials dependent on voters for their positions, that has given rise to the system of representative petitions. And it is one of the most deceptive devices that ever ,came into play in the political arena. It is particularly noticeable that petitions to municipal boards, to legis-latures, and to Congress, are more and more partaking of this character. The design on the part of petition manipulators seems to be to impress the authority pe- THE following truthful observations touching the relation of the state to the citizen, as involved in the question of the right of control over the education of children, are taken from the Catholic Mirror, which credits them to Rev. T. J. Gasson, S. J., of Boston Col-lege, Mass.:Š "The vexed question as to whom the right of the education of the child belongs can easily be solved phil-osophically by considering that far more general prob-lem, viz., does the state exist for the citizen or the citi-zen for the state? The various theories upon this all-important subject can be divided into two classes, viz., into the class of philosophers who maintain that the object of the state is to secure the citizen in the enjoy-ment of his life and property, and into the class of philosophers who teach that the citizen exists for the state. "This latter view is the leading thought in the leg-islation of Lycurgus, and it was this peculiarity that gave Sparta her marked character, and distinguished 