214 1\T gl@NrIL'I N.B11-40 Vol,. 10, No. 27. man, " I never get drunk; and I regard it as a disgrace upon me for you to suppose that I do.' So it is with these neighbors of Mr. Allison. They would not interfere with his religious liberty, and they consider that it would be a disgrace upon them for the public to suppose that they would. It is evident that the one who did enter the complaint is ashamed of his actions, for he keeps his identity concealed from the public. But there are always enough unprincipled men to take advantage of an unjust law,, and the probability is that while this Sunday law is on the statute books of Georgia, the State will be used as an engine of persecution. Ł SOME PERTINENT QUESTIONS. A YOUNG man sends us the following from Atlanta, Ga., and asks for it a place in our columns:Š Why is it that the law of Mississippi and the law of Georgia can punish a man for hoeing in his field on Sunday, and does not punish men for running a rail-road engine or street car, or for driving a horse ? Is not this all work ? and are not those who do it break-ing the commandments of God, and will they not be punished for it? If the law punishes a man for hoe-ing his garden, why not punish him for working at anything else ? Jesus Christ said, if an ox fall into the ditch on Sunday, to help him out, but is an engine helping an ox out of a ditch ? Is a motor-man help-ing an ox out of a ditch ? Is a man that takes a pleasure ride on Sunday afternoon helping an ox out of a ditch ? Now, if the code of Georgia or Mississippi or of any other State is going to punish one man for work of one kind, why not punish all other men for all other kinds of work ? Please read Exodus 20:8-11: "Remember the Sab-bath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." The writer of the foregoing seems to think that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that the fourth commandment applies to that day. A little investigation will, we think, satisfy hint that such is not the case; that Sunday is not the Sabbath, and that not only does the fourth commandment have no reference to it except as one of " the six working days," but that there is absolutely no scriptural authority for Sunday observance. However, compulsory Sunday observance would be no better if that day were the true Sabbath instead of a mere counterfeit. -0,  .0. 0--- PRESS COMMENTS ON SOUTHERN PERSE- CUTION. [From the Pine Island (Minn.) Record, May 24.] FROM Georgia comes the news that J. Q. Allison has been sentenced to the " chain-gang" for laboring on Sunday. Mississippi is also in for persecution, and arrests are being made. A singular fact in these cases is that only those who observe Saturday as a Sabbath according to the Bible are being prosecuted for violation of a bad law. And yet we are told that the world, is getting better. [From the Republican, Springfield, Mass., May 31.] THE Sunday observance laws of Georgia deal as harshly with those who believe in the observance of some other day as do the laws of Tennessee, and Seventh-day Adventists find prisons and chain-gangs waiting for them if they obey their consciences instead of the statutes made and provided. . . . Public sentiment in Georgia is grossly mis-represented by the laws of that State, or else it classes Seventh-day Adventists, who think that they are commanded by the Bible to ob-serve the seventh day as the Sabbath and to work on the other six, with criminals of all sorts, black and white, thieves, drunkards and vagabonds. If it does not so class them, why permit them to be sentenced to herd and suffer with such criminals in the chain-gang ? Šthe most humiliating of all punishments to such a man as Judge Janes said Allison was, honest, moral, and law-abiding in all respects save in this one particular where his conscience and the law ran at cross purposes. It does not seem possible that zeal for Sunday ob-servance is so fierce as these laws indicate in Georgia or in Tennessee, or anywhere else; if it was, there would be no Sunday newspaper, no Sunday trains, no Sunday street cars and no trafficking of any kind, nothing but the Puritan Sabbath. The truth is that such laws are anachronisms, and do not represent the sentiment of the people of any State; not even of Christian people and Sunday-keepers. Sunday Fanatic sm. [From the American Israelite, Cincinnati, April 251 NOTHING is ever settled in this country until it is settled right. These wise words of the immortal Lincoln are of great comfort lo all patriots. Settled right undoubtedly means in accordance with justice, with reason, with common sense. Therefore it is to be hoped that at no distant day the so-called Sunday question will be settled right. In the mean-time there will be much persecution, much folly and much suffering. The innocent will suffer with the guilty; the clergy will prove unworthy of the cloth, and the holier-than-thou man will strut abroad so wrapt in the mantle of narrowmindedness and shortsighted-ness as to be unable to perceive the signs of the times. . . . In Tennessee there is a law which forbids "doing or exercising any of the common vocations of life on the Lord's day, commonly called the Sabbath." The courts of that State have construed the law to mean that no work may be done on Sunday. Recently one, Wm. S. Burchard, was convicted and sentenced to jail because he had pulled fodder (that is, stripping the blades off the standing corn), out of sight of the public road or any public place, on Sunday, and because he had dug a well on Sunday. It is impossible to find language adequate enough to condemn and ridicule such a pro-ceeding. Such procedure is . a disgrace to Tennessee and to the country at large; and one marvels that the law has not been reŠpealed. In the Nashville American of April 14, Mr. Win. P. Tolley, one of the most zealous op-ponents of the iniquitous law, published an eloquent petition which was presented to the General Assembly of Tennessee for the repeal of the law. It is hoped that the petition will be favorably acted upon.* In Cincinnati the agitation for the strict enforcement of the Sunday law is renewed again. Charges were recently preferred against a lieutenant of police because he refused to stop a baseball game, etc. . . . What the outcome will be it is impossible to say. But this much is true, to wit: that the attendance at church will not be affected one way or the other. Those who wish to attend services will go irrespective of Sunday opening or Sunday closing. Ł * So far was the Tennessee Legislature from favorable action on this petition, that a proposition merely to amend the law was defeated by a vote of 57 to 24.ŠEns. SENTINEL. The trouble with the Sunday fanatics, as with all fanatics, lies in this, that they refuse to study the question historically. The Lit-erary Digest, in an article, "How Primitive Christians Observed Sunday," says: "A growing discussion on the proper character of Sabbath observance seems to be one of the features of recent magazine and newspaper literature. The Sunday question is always a live one, not only in theological but in political circles as well, and a contribution recently made to it by Prof. Zahn, of the University of Erlangen, Bavaria, is one of importance. Prof. Zahn is accounted the leading conserva-tive specialist in Germany in the department of early Christian research, his only rival, Harnack, being classed among the Liberals. Zahn's conclusions will not, however, bring strength to the Sabbatarian side of the con-troversy, as he holds that there is nothing in the earliest Christian literature to support the views of the Sabbatarians. The results of his research are set forth in the sixth of a series of historical studies published together under the title, Slcizzen aus dem Leben der alten Kirche' (Sketches from the Life of the Prim-itive Church)." He speaks of the differences between the early Christians of the St. James type and those of the Pauline type in matters of Jewish ceremonials, but says that they were a unit in regarding the Lord's day as entirely distinct from the Jewish Sabbath. Sometimes both days were observed, " but the Christians of the first three centuries," he says, citing Justin Martyr also in proof, " never thought of re-garding the Sunday as the continuation of the Jewish Sabbath, or even to call this day Sabbath' "Šthe Day of the Lord, referring to Christ, being the name uniformly used. Prof. Zahn then continues as follows:Š " If we ask the Christians of the earliest centuries, the oldest witnesses as to the idea of Sunday, for the reason which they had in marking this one day above all the rest, they will with one voice declare, 'We celebrate this day because Christ on this day arose from the dead.' The Sunday was for them a weekly recurrence of the Easter festival. Throughout Sunday was regarded as a day of joy. While the Christians were accustomed on other days to pray kneeling, the resurrection of Christ of which this day was the memorial, gave them courage to stand upright on their feet before their God, artd to forget their unworthiness, which has been buried by Christ in death, the memory of which has been celebrated on the preceding days on the knees. On Sunday the early Christians prayed standing. Already at a very early day the custon of celebrating Wednesday and Friday in addition to Sunday had been introduced into the church, and this brought out all the more sharply the charac-teristic idea of the Sunday worship. Those other days were days of fasting and humilia-tion; Sunday was a day of joyful and glad worship. On this day only did the services culminate in the memorial feast of the Sav-iour, the last supper, which belonged exclus-ively to the Day of the Lord.' To fast on Sunday was regarded as unseemly, and later even as a sin. And even apart from the services the Sunday was regarded as a day of rejoicing. Even the rigorous Tertullian, at the close of the second century, again and again emphasizes this. . . . "That on this day the ordinary business and work of life were laid aside as much as possible, was regarded as a matter of course; but it is characteristic of the original charac-ter of Sunday observance that in the oldest Christian literature there is practically not a word about this matter. The negative idea of rest from daily labor did not act as a prime 