10 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. which all denominations are agreed. But that is impossible; for it is a fact that they are not all agreed upon any point of faith or practice. We repeat the query, On what basis, then, shall the doctrines of the Bible be enforced? Whose faith and practice shall be accepted as the true, and whose shall be condemned as false? We have no doubt that an attempt will be made to act upon the plan suggested; to drop the questions and doctrines considered "non-essential " by the larger denominations, and insist upon and enforce those which are popu-larly accepted. Ii was remarked by a learned D. D., in the time of the slavery agitation, that he did not care if the devil wrote the Con-stitution; he was only interested to know what was the intention of those who adopted it. And this would finally be the standard by which the usages and institutions of Christian-ity would be enforced by the courts. The Bi-ble would nominally be the rule of the nation's conduct, while the intentions and wishes of those who were instrumental in procuring the religious amendment to the Constitution would be the actual rule to be enforced. Very few (if any) judges could be found who would liter-ally construe the-  Bible in the face of public opinion; and no one would long retain his seat who would presume to do so. The courts would naturally become the instruments to en-force, not the Bible itself, but the most popular construction of the Bible. Let any one exam-ine this subject, weigh the contingencies, and come to a different conclusion if he can. But popularity and true Christianity never went hand in hand. Popular religionŠthe only religion that the masses would tolerateŠis a worldly religion. It may be "Christian" in name, but is never in fact. We repeat our wonder that any intelligent person can think that Christianity will be benefited by being allied to the secular power. Lord Macaulay well said: "The whole history of Christianity shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power, than of be-ing crushed by its opposition." It is needless to inquire what would be the effect on those denominations who were so un-fortunate as to be on the unpopular side. First a premium would be held out to them to be-come hypocrites; but if they maintained their integrity, their rights would not be respected by the popular majority, and of course not in the courts. Such a state of things would be greatly to be deplored, and we shall honestly and conscientiously put forth every effort in our power to prevent such a calamity befalling our nation and the Christian religion. J. H. W. AN officer of the National Reform Association said: " They [infidels] demand that all Christian usages and institutions be abrogated to conform to the Constitution. We propose to amend it to conform to the actual character of the nation." If, in a family of ten, three were professed Chris- tians and seven were infidels, could that family be called a Christian family? If these professed reformers would call things bytheir right names, they would not utter so many fallacies. This is not a Christian nation, and an amendment of the Constitution would neither increase nor elevate its religion, The Mormon Question. THE " National Reform Association " has not shown wisdom in its method of opposing Mor-monism. We have exposed the fallacy of the reasoning of its speakers in confounding relig-ion with crime. Utah presents the nearest approach to their ideal of a true State to be found in the country, because in Utah the civil power is subordinated to the ecclesiastical. There the State exists to serve the church. Religion is. placed " on an undeniable legal basis" in Mormondom. The state of things now existing in Utah could not existŠcould never have existedŠhad not a close alliance been formed between the church and the State. Recently on our calling at the office of the Tribune in Salt Lake City, the editor made a remark which we think is worthy of the con-sideration of all in the "Religious Amendment Party." He said: "Before they effect a union of church and State throughout the land, they would better come to Salt Lake, and see how it works. Here we have it in its full strength." Suppose the Bible were legally declared to be the supreme law of the land, what influence would that have on the Mormons? How far would such a declaration go towards settling the dispute between the Mormons and other churches arid the nation ? The Mormons have never denied that proposition; professedly they make the Bible the basis of their institutions. How, then, would such a declaration uproot the evils of Mormonism? We can imagine but one answer which the A.mendmentists can make. They may say: " Give us the power to enforce Christianity by law, and we will com-pel the Mormons to abstain from polygamy." But this answer, which is, indeed, embodied in their declarations, is not creditable to those who make it. What they ask is the power to enforce their construction of the Bible, without regard to the construction which others may put upon it. Allowing that their construction is correct, as far as polygamy is concerned, if it is to be merely the arbitrary exercise of power, what assurance can we have that they may not exercise that power in matters whereon their construction may be wrong? And what could they do in that direction more than the Government is doing without their help? We approve the action of the Government in its efforts to exterminate polygamy, because po-lygamy is not a religious institution. But these professed reforfners confess that polygamy is a part of religion, and say that the Government has no right to suppress it under our present Constitution! On this we gave proof direct in our first number. But behold again their in-consistency. They promise to suppress this part of the religion of the Mormons if the Con-stitution shall be amended, and they over and over again assure us that the amendment is only intended to recognize God as the author of the nation's existence, without at all inter-fering with anybody's religion. We deny that polygamy is a religious institu-tion in any proper sense of the word "religion." The Mormons profess to be Christians, and therefore we use the word religion as it is used in Christian lands. The righteousness which God requires in his word is that of obedienee,  "He that doeth righteousness is righteous." 1 John 3 : 7. "And it shall be our righteousness if we observe to do all these commandments before the Lord our God, as he hath commanded us." Deut. 6 : 25. There is no righteousness, no obedience, in doing that which he has not commanded. That which is offered in worship which is outside of his requirements, is "will-worship," or "voluntary humility," and is dis-pleasing to him. Col. 2 : 18-23. Of such as offer will-worship it may well be asked: " Who hath required this at your hand?" Isa. 1 : 12. We deny in the most positive terms that God ever instituted polygamy, or ever required its practice. He tolerated or permitted it, as he did many other things which never met his ap-proval. We ask the reader to examine into the origin of polygamy, confident that he will recognize the reason and force of our denial. Tracing the descendants of Adam through his two sons, Seth and Cain, to the seventh generation, we come to Enoch and Lamech. Enoch, descended from Seth, was a most godly man, and was counted worthy of translation. He did not die, for " God took him." Lamech, the seventh from Adam, was also a remarkable man. Up to this time in every instance where the marriage relation is mentioned, a single wife is recognized. But the record says: "And Lamech took unto him two wives." He was the first polygamist. According to Mormon ethics, he, too, was a very godly manŠthe first to observe this very important relation. But, to the contrary, he was a murderer; a self-con-victed criminal, according to his own confessioi sevenfold more worthy of punishment than Cain. Surely, polygamy has a bad parentage! Although no direct proof of the practice of polygamy is found in the Scriptures for a long time after Lamech, there is reason to believe that the children of Cain did practice it. Speaking of the sons of Seth, the record says: "Then began men to call upon the name of the Lord." Margin, "to call themselves by the name of the Lord." But after the lapse of some eight hundred years after Enoch, all classes had corrupted their way before God. The children of Seth joined affinity with the children of Cain. "The sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose." This strongly implies that the marriage institution was abused; and it is there recorded that their wickedness was so great that God determined to destroy them all. Noah and his three sons and their wives were saved from the destruction which came upon the world. Each had but one wife, for only eight were in the ark. 1. Peter 3 : 20.  Only one century passed after the flood, when men became so arrogant and ambitiousŠso Heaven-defyingŠthat God confounded their language, and scattered, them abroad. And in something over five centuries they again be-came exceedingly wicked, as instance the people of Sodom. And their wickedness was specially manifested in the abuse of the marriage relation Šin the gratification of vile lusts. Raised amid such surroundings, it is no marvel that the daughters of Lot had but a low sense of mor-ality, as was manifested in their conduct after the destruction of Sodom. 