`SHE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 91.  " They believe " this, says the Statesman. Well, why shouldn't we believe it when the Statesman and the National Reformers say it. -The Christian Statesman in an editorial, De-cember :11, 1884, speaking .directly of the Roman Catholics, said :Š "Whenever they are willing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." Again, in the Christian Statesman of August 31, 1881, Rev. Sylvester S. Scovel, a leading National Reformer, and a vice-president of the National Reform Association, said thatŠ , " This common interest ought both to strengthen our determination to work, and our readiness to co-operate in every way with our Ronian Catholic fellow-citizens. We may he subjected to sonic rebuffs in our first prof-fers,:  and the time has not yet come when the Romans:Catholic Church will consent to strike hands With other churches, as such, but the time has come to make'repeated advances and gladly. to accept co-operation in: any forin in Which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situation." There is precisely what the National Reform-ers say on that subject, printed in the col-umns of the Christian Statesmandtself, and yet, in the face of these things, the editor of the Statesman leans back and With an air of in-jured innocence gravely charges the SENTINEL with believing that National Reformers are bidding for the support' of the Roman Catho-lic Church, and that this, among other things, the SENTINEL thinks significant, while it has-" no significance at all." Very well. If the Statesman's editorial utterances and the official propositions of National Reformers " have no significance at all," then perhaps we are to blame for believing that National Reformers are bidding for the support of the Roman Qatholic Church. But then, we cannot see how we are so much to blame, either, for how should we know that what the Statesman and National Reformers say has "no significance at all "? We confess that it is a new thing in our experience with men and journals, to find that a paper with the pretensions of the,.  Christian Statesman exists for the publication of things which have no significance at all. We believe they signify exactly what is shown in these quotations. Notice the article in last month's SENTINEL on the action of the Sara- . toga meeting in relation to the Roman Catho- lic Church. Perhaps the editor of the States-man will be telling us next that that action "has no significance at all." But we do not believe that these things hOe no significance at all. We believe the National Reformers are ready to do just what the Statesman said. We believe they are ready to join hands with the Roman Catholic Church whenever that church is willing, and will gladly join hands with them. We be-lieve they are ready to co-operate in every ,way with their Roman Catholic fellow-citizens. We believe they are ready to make repeated - -advances, and to suffer repeated rebuffs, to gain the consent of the Roman Church to strike hands with them. We believe that when Rome is ready, they will gladly accept her 'co-operation in any form in which she May be to exhibit it. We do believe these  things because the Christian Statesman and the National Reformers have said's°. And we do not believe that these things " have no signif icance at all," even though the Christian States-man does say so. We know that it is " one of the necessities of the situation," and that if the National Reformers are to win, theyŁ will have to win by the help of the religio-politi-cal intrigue of the Church of Rome. The Statesman may spend its time if it chooses in publishing things which it deems to have no significance at all, but to us these things have significance, and they have a deep significance also to the people of this nation, and the SEN-TINEL is going to point out their significance, and set it before the people just as long as the Statesman furnishes the :material for us with which to do it. Then, the Statesman quotes from the SENTI-NEL of-July our statement of the prospects of the success of National Reform, in which we stated that the universal demand for Sunday laws is the issue upon which National Reform will be brought to a vote, and under cover of which the union of Church and State will be accomplished here. And upon this it says:Š "Sabbath laws have -been a conspicuous feature in the American Government from the beginning, and have never led to persecu-tion." This statement is on a par with the others that we have noticed, but, perhaps, like what the Statesman has said in other things, this may " have no significance at all." But be that as it may, it is not true. It is true, to be sure, that Sunday laws have been a con-spicuous feature in the early colonies and in certain places in the United States, from the beginning. But they have never been a feat-ure of the American Government, because the American Government is forbidden by the Constitution to have anything to do with laws respecting religion or religious things. Neither is it true that these laws have never led to per-secution. They led to persecution in New England, when, under them, men were com-pelled to attend church, and to have spies set upon their track to see how they conducted themselves at their homes or wherever they might happen to be staying, during Sunday. They have led to persecution in Pennsylvania not many years back; and within the last three years, yes, within the last two, they have led to persecution in Tennessee and in Arkansas, such persecution too as is a shame to civiliza-tion. But, undoubtedly, this is a thing which to the Statesman has " no significance at all." Then the Statesman mentions that in many States the keepers of the seventh day are ex-empted from penalties attached to Sunday laws, and says :Š "This exemption we have always approved and sustained, and shall seek to make uni-versal." That is to say, " We will take these people under our charge, and will see that they have all that belongs to them, because we are the ones who have the power to grant it to them." Oh, yes ! Only the other day the whole of Ireland, the National League and all, was proclaimed under the Coercion Act. Some of the sup-porters of that Act tried to excuse themselves  under the plea that they thought that the power of the Coercion Act was a good thing for the Government to have, but that they did not expect the Government to use it, and.ad-vised against its use. But Sir William Vernon Harcourt very aptly replied that such persons " ought to have known that to give the Tories a Coercion Act, with advice not to use it, would be like putting a tiger in a cage with a man, and enjoining him not to eat the man." So say we to the purring -pretensions of the National Reformers. They ask the people of this nation to surrender into their hands all the rights which they have under the present Constitution, kindly promising that they of their benevolence will generously bestow upon dissenters all the privileges that they ought to have. This is plainly shown in what-follows. Again says the Statesman:Š " Our conflict is not with the keepers of the seventh day, but with national atheism and its upholders." Yes, that sounds very well. It is becoming quite fashionable lately in National Reform circles and conventions to pass resolutions something after this manner :Š " Resolved, That the welfare of the commu-nity and the law of God require further safe-guards for the civil and Christian Sabbath, not inconsistent with the rights of those who observe the seventh day." These things look very pretty on the out--side, and they sound very nice to those who are not well acquainted with National Re-form, but when it is understood what the National Reform idea is of the rights of those who observe the seventh day, then that puts a different face upon the matter entirely. That it may be seen just how these ,things stand, we quote from a National Reform speech by,  Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D. D., a representa-tive National Reformer, in a National Reform Convention in New York City, February 27, 1873, which is still officially sent forth as National Reform literature. After naming in order, the atheist, the deist, and the Jew; Mr. Edwards says:Š " The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other members of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. "These all are, for the occasion, and so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we cannot help. The first named [the atheist] is the leader in the discontent and in -the outcryŠthe atheist, to whom nothing is higher or more sacred than man, and nothing survives the tomb. It is his clasS. Its labors - are almost wholly in his interest; its success would be almost wholly his triumph. The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him; they must be treated as, for this question, one party. . What are the rights of the atheist? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor luna-tic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so , long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. . . . Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist 