520 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ The White and the Scarlet, the Conflict of Colors. "TEE marriage of the Lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen clean and white." White is the royal color of the kingdom of heaven. "The Ancient of Days did sit whom garment was white as snow." "And he was,  transfigured before them. And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow, so as no fuller on earth can white them." "The angel of the Lord descended from heaven . . . his raiment white as snow." "He that overcomet.h shall be clothed in white raiment." "I counsel thee to buy of me . . . white raiment that thou mayest be clothed." Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments, and they shall walk with me in white." "Though your sins be as scarlet they shall be white as snow." "Wash me and I shall be whiter than snow." "I be-held, and lo, a great multitude which no man could num-ber, of all nations, and kindreds, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes and palms in their hands." "And white robes were given unto every one of them." "And unto her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints." From this it is plain that the white robe is heaven's symbol of power and purity. It is the only robe which the Lord, the lawful husband, ever places upon his wife, the Church. In this white robe she faithfully waits the return of the Lord. To accept any robe from the hand of another is to be untrue to her absent Lord. "I saw a woman sit on a scarlet colored beast. . . . And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls." Purple and scarlet are the royal colors of earthly rulers. "If thou canst read the writing and make known the interpretatiOn thereof, thou shalt be clothed with scarlet and have a chain of gold about thy neck, and thou shalt be third ruler in the kingdom." "Purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian." "And the soldiers . . put on him a purple robe, and said, Hail, king of the Jews." "And they stripped him and  put on him a scarlet robe, . . . and mocking him said, Hail, king of the Jews." "And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls." Where did this woman get her gaudy attire? Not from the lawful husband of the Church, for he clothed his bride in white raiment. "They which are gorgeously apparelled . . . live in kings' courts." Tlie sad truth is, the woman has forgotten her lawful Lord and has ex-changed her white robe of heavenly purity and power for the purple and scarlet robe of earthly kings. And what did this earthly power cost this fallen woman? She paid an infinite price. It cost her all. She is now only a har-lot, soon to be hated even by those who now share her shame. What a faithful picture of the apostate church of the Dark Ages. She deliberately solicited civil power at the hands of the Roman emperors. She disdainfully doffed the pilgrim white and donned therurple robe. She threW away the "sword of the Spirit" and grasped the sword of civil power. Thus attired she sat no longer in "heav-enly places in Christ," but in earthly palaces arm in arm with Cmsar. No longer in possession of the Holy Spirit, the shield against heretics (Acts 5:9-13), she now sought the civil arm. She passed from the "everlasting arms" of her law-ful Lord into the arms of earthly emperors. Let her tell the shameful story herself:Š "For many ages after the conversion of Constantine it was easier for the church to repress heresy by invoking the secular arm than by organizing tribunals of her own. . . . But in the thirteenth century a new race of temporal rulers rose to power. . . . Philip Augustus was refractory toward the Church in many ways. . . . The Church was as clear as ever upon the necessity of re-pressing heretics, but the weapon, secular sovereignty, which she had hitherto employed f.'r the purpose, seemed to be breaking in her hands. The time was come when she was to forge another weapon of her own; . . . which in the task of detecting and punishing those who mislead their brethren should employ all the minor forms of penal repression while still remitting to the secular arm the case of obstinate and incorrigible offenders. Thus arose the Inquisition." The reader is now invited to look in another direc-tion, and with Christian candor see if he does not discern some traits of the mother of harlots in popular Protest-antism of today. Bear in mind that the " mother " began to fall when she became worldly, when the church began to be filled with unconverted men and women. Wealth and luxury and fashion took the place of pov-erty, plainness and purity. Let the author of the Fletcher Prize Essay, Rev. George Guirey, a prominent member of a popular Protestant church, point out the similarity be-tween the mother and the daughters:Š "Is there not some reason for the common impression that the worldly spirit in the Church is weakening her power with the public. Are there not evidences at hand that seem to confirm the impression that the Church inŁ 