THE AMRRICAN SENTINEL. 77 Sunday at the World's Fair. PETITIONS are going up to Washington from all parts of the country asking Con-gress to vote no aid to the World's Fair at Chicago unless it is coupled with the restrictive proviso that it shall close up on Sundays. Tennesseeans, whose State absolutely refused to contribute a solitary cent to this glorious exhibit of the world, gallantly join the army of petitioners. Church and State in this countryŠreli-gion and politicsŠhave never been per-mitted to clash by governmental inter-ference. At this late day Congress can not afford to legislate upon conflicting reli-gious matters, and this attempt to inter-fere with the municipal regulations of Chicago will fall to the ground, after the right of petition ,has been received with all due courtesy. The best and brightest works of the accumulated centuries of the world will be on exhibition at this Colum-bian Fair, and we can not find it in our heart to exclude those whose only chance will be on Sunday. Certainly, we all should remember the Sabbath day to keep it holyŠbut, by legislation, whose Sab-bath ? An interesting article in the cur-rent Century tells us that in New York City alone, there are two hundred and fifty thousand Jews, whose Sabbath be-gins on Friday. These American citizens own real estate there valued at $200,000,-000, while they have invested in business $207,388.000 more, and this in New York alone. Just think of the others scattered over the United States ! Yet, they are not asking that the exhibit be closed on their Sabbath, which they very devoutly believe is the Sabbath of the Bible. It will not do to sneer at these citizens as "foreigners," for a large proportion of them are native and to the manner born. Again, there is another religious sect in our country, coming up to the full stand-ard of good citizenship, with all that this phrase implies. They own printing offices and are publishing papers, books, and magazines advocating their sincere con-viction that Saturday is the orthodox Sab-bath. Their churches and school-houses are beginning to dot free America, and are now heard from through an educated ministry and diplomated professors. These be native born American citizens, and yet you do not hear of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists petitioning Congress to close the World's Fair against the world on .their Sabbath. Indeed, this is a great, big world. Narrow gauge roads were all years ago widened into the standard broad gauge, and now, if a person expects to reach his destination in good shape and on time, he must travel on. the broad gauge. It's so in religion, politics, and business. Then, there are in this country legions of quite respectable people, representing largely the wealth, refinement, enterprise, and morality of their various localities, though they belong to no church and may doubt the chronology that fixes the Sab- bath of the Bible on Sunday. Are they or their views entitled to no respect or consid-eration by these worthy petitioners ? But, we speak more especially in behalf of that vast and meritorious body of bread-winners to whom Sunday is their only day of rest, devotion and recreation with wife and children. The arts and sciences Šthe concentrated beauty and glory of all civilized countriesŠwill be to them as nothing if they are excluded on Sunday from this, the grandest and most magnifi-cent exhibit of civilization ever dreamed of by man and carried to perfection by his genius and liberality. It is grand enough for the rich and well-to-doŠthose who can make any day of the week a season of rest, recreation, and devotionŠto join those pe-titioners who would restrain their less for-tunate countrymen from their God-given rights. But to the workingman, to whom the loss of a day represents from one to five dollars, it means utter exclusion for him-self and family. In and around Chicago there are hundreds of thousands of respect-able, intelligent, clerks and mechanics idle on Sunday. Many of these would, if they could, take their little ones and wives to visit the museums of art and natural history at the World's FairŠthe agricultural and mechanical halls, botanical gardens, etc. But the portals of this great institution of education, enjoyment, and recreation, are sought to be barred on the only day when the workers could make use of the oppor-tunities afforded. Plenty of side doors into questionable resorts will be open. But the wide halls in which the wonders of the floral and animal world are displayed Šthe spacious galleries that hold treas-ures of art that would linger as a dream of delight in the thoughts of the tired wo-man whose monotonous life is passed within the narrow limits of the brick walls of a cheap tenementŠare now urged to be closed. Public opinion should not allow a privileged class to grow up to cur-tail the scant privileges of the intelligent, respectable poor. God bless the triune Sabbath of the poor man !Šrest, devotion, and recreation. The civil Sabbath of free America has nothing to gain by pushing it to the extreme of personal oppression. ŠState Gazette, Dyersburg, Tennessee. Ł .11Ł-Ł  "Pagan or Christian." THE Elmira Telegram has opened its columns to a discussion as to whether the civilization of the present time is Pagan or Christian, and as to the comparative values of what might be called Pagan, or Christian distinctively considered. Among the many articles published the one here quoted, alone, shows an intelligent discrim-ination between civilizing and christianiz-ing a people,Šbetween Christianity and civilization. The article is reprinted in full :Š I, with many others, no doubt, have  read with interest, and may I say amuse-ment, the discussion of " civilization," under the above heading, and have waited patiently, hoping that some contributor would rise and inquire what the thing was over which the argument was being held, so that we laymen could have some chance of judging the merits of the vari-ous assertions being made. The original question, as I understand it, seems to be, " Is our civilization Pagan or Christian ?" As I can not conceive how a " civiliza-tion," or any other thing can be either one or the other, I venture to call your atten-tion to a few facts that may ease the con-troversy of much that is immaterial and unsound. Both Paganism and Christian-ity are religiousŠone " the worship of idols," the other " the religion of Jesus Christ." A Pagan is "a worshiper of idols," a Christian, " a believer in Jesus Christ." A " civilization " being without life, without mind, and without volition, can neither worship believe, nor render religious service, hence a civilization can not be religious, therefore can not be either Pagan or Christian. We hear to-day, on every hand, our country called a "Christian Nation," these worthy souls making a similar mistake with your correspondents. A nation, is a thing, an appellation, and practically a synonym for confederacy or union, and even if every individual in the nation was a Christian, the nation would be simply a nation, or confederacy, of Christians, and not a Christian nation. A nation is the result of a civil compact between individ-uals, without reference to religion, even though all may be of one religion, hence the religion of the people of a nation forms no part of their civilization though it may make all the difference as to the charac-ter, quality or degree of civilization a people may enjoy. The proper question then to ask, seems to me to be something like this : " To which are we most indebted for the development of our civilizationŠPaganism or Christianity ? " To properly consider this question we need, on the start, to understand fully what is meant by " civilization." Lexi-cographers define the word as " the act of civilizing," and to civilize as " to reclaim from savage life." A savage is "a bar-barian or rude " person, while a civilized being is "polite, polished, and cultivated." "Civil," is defined as "pertaining to so- ciety," and " society " as " a union of many in one interest," while a " civilian " is said to be "one engaged in the ordinary pursuits of life." If now, we put all this together we will obtain a comprehensive, as well as intelligent conception of the meaning of the appellation "civilization." A civilized being, then, "is one who has been reclaimed from a savage, or rude State, to dwell in union and harmony with his fellows who have associated or confed-erated together for the common purpose or interest of protection and advancement, that all may engage in the ordinary pur- 