330 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. "Americans from choice" would learn whakArni3riean principles are, before they begireto assume the prerogative of assert-ing the despotic principles of the Govern-ment which they failed to leave behind them. A. T. J. State Aid in Alaska. PROPESSOR WILLIAM WELLS gives in the 'Chri.§tiaii, Advocate, of September 18, a ;very interesting account of mission and educational work among the AlaSka Ind-ians. 'We quote a pertion of three para- graphS'Orhialetter, as follows :Š Aliiska has been fearfully neglected in regard to its 'schools. It 'was a strange fact that while the real owner Of the country did nothing for the edu-cation' of its wards, Russia has continued to devote comparatively: large -sums for this purpose; but lussia did this for her church rather than for the Sehoors, and as the United States -could do nothing of thelrind' for -a church, and nothing was, done by the State; the whole matter remained for a long time in estate of -total neglect. ,But at last the Government, by an appeal of the Aleslmns, was spurred on to duty, and arrangements' Were made to establish district schools. A Terri-torial",Board of -Education was formed, and Dr. Jack§Ola,'' of "the,- Presbyterian mission work, was Placedzintho post of General Agent of Education in Alaska: osoon- found that the only practical and immediate, way of advancing the interests of the charge, was to take advantage,' so far as possible, of the work already accomplished by the missionaries, and to adept,' to a certain extent, the schools already established and in successful operation. And thus sprang up a system- of assisted schools and contract schools, the- former receiving a certain sum to aid them in their ,woik on the condition of making it MOre'keneral, and.-  the latter taking a contract with 'the Ideverninetit to ,perform a work aside from the miseion,vthough in connection with it, that would imparts ton, certain - number of children, or' indeed yOung'Men and women, the elements of education And teaching of the trades, etc. One hundred giVen by the Government will sup-Porti' clethe,- and train pupils in these schools, only those. Wine chosen who show an aptitude for the work. , 'The great question now is, " How does the present system succeed, and what are its Wants ?" Dr. Sheldon Jackson, at the head of the work as 'agent, is nthOrOugh- worker and a most -efficient official. There_ is naturally a complaint that as the leader of the:Presbyterian mission work he will be partial In his' patronage of the schools. But he is under the control of the Territorial Board, composed of the Governor and the chief officials of the capital, and necoMitable to our General Educational Commis-sioner;  Dr. Harris, at Washington. This naturally -ties hii'fiands'and keeps him within a line acceptable to these gentlemen. And so it seems that this purely secular Government, 'a Government which has no connection: with any church, a Govern-ment:whose fundamental law says that " congress 'shall make no law respecting an' establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof," has formed a ,partnership with several denominations in. Alaska. And of this union, Rev. Na-thaniel. W. Conkling, D. D., a_ Presbyte, Tian minister, who hasjust returned from a trip to Alaska, has this to say in a letter to the New York Observer, of September 11 Our own mission at Sitka is the most important and flourishing of any of the others, Some one  hundred and fifty boys and girlS are in the schools, and are there trained for nee-fulness and good. The baneful feature of Government aid 'is herb found, making a sort of union of Chnich and State. , It is to be found not alone here, but also in connection with the whole. Indian school system; it should be found nowhere. It would be well if the Presbyterian Church would decline to accept Government aid in connection with any of its Christian missions. Ł Just what these evils are, Mr. Conkling does not say; but a remark from another paragraph of his letter gives a sufficient hint of what he had in mind. He says :Š The spoils systern.!,Aextends its wondbrful sway even to these far-off shores, and the' lust of office induces men to leave their homes in the States and take petty positions in this distant and isolated country. Alas, alas l there are many abuses yet to be remedied before our country becomes what it should be in accord with its name and fame throughout-the earth, So long as human nature retrains what it is now, the abuses which the Doctor' de-plores are practically tiliaVOidalile to sothe extent, in civil government; but the Church might be kept Comparatively free 'from them by keePing it entirety separate from the State. State aid corrupts the. Church and does not improve :the State, indeed, it corrupts both Church;  and State. C. P. B. The Purpose of Sunday Laws. IN discussing the 'Sunday neWspaper, Rev. George P. Hays, D. D.; reveals the purpose of all Sunday lawS. ' Dr. Hays says Now, the Sabbath was given to theni fOr religious thoughts and spiritual improvement. When that Sabbath is taken for s"cular reading and business affairs, it is as distinctly perverted as if it were used for hoeing corn or spading the garden. These Chris-tians go to chnich for the avowed purpose of :hearing God'S ambassador discuss -Moral and spiritual sub-jects for their religious improvement. What chance, however, can a minister have to reach a soul which has rusted itself all over With the affairs of this world, by the Sabbath morning's reading of the fluctuation of stooks, murders and robberies Of the past night, and the schemes of politicians ? Every thoughtful minister would very much prefer, So-far as his opportunities of influencing his congregation are concerned, that his people should cometo church from the hay-field or the work-shop rather than from the Sunday newspaper. They, would not be so likely to have their minds filled with, their phys-ical' labor to the exclusion of the sermon, as they are to have the sermon expelled in the sensational-ism of the Sabbath journal. That Shci*s" plainly enough that all Sun- day laws are directly in the interests of the church. The only earthly object in stopping men from labor is that they May go to church, and then when they read the Sunday newspapers that must lie stopped also in order that they may go to church with minds fitted to receive the sermon. If these Sunday-law advocates be allowed to go so far as that, and men choose to read books or something else on Sunday, the next thing in order will be a law prohibiting them from engaging in any kind of reading at all on Sunday, except such as the American Sabbath Union demand, that is, only the reading of the word of God. But suppose the reading of the word of God should keep them from church, and especially should lead them to think differ-ently from what the minister preaches, which in many things they will have to do in order to be right; and suppose they should thus be led to choose not to gO to church; then will follow a law prohibiting even the, reading of the Bible, and if after all that men still refuse to go to church and to be benefited by the -sermon, the nerktAhing will be a law to compel them to go to church. And all this is out of the abundance of the sympathy of the preachers for the workingman, and their anxiety that he Shall enjoy phySical rest and the benefit of a civil Sabbath! It is the same kind of sympathy that in the Middle Ages tor"-mented men to death to save theiu;from hell. The spirit of the Inquisition is separable frthn Sunday laws: A. T. J: Ł  Chicago Correspondence. AN INTERESTING CASE. A NOVEL and very interesting case is -to be tried at the present term of the Illinois Supreme Court, which involves the ques-tion of compelling students in institutions of learning supported by the State, to attend the devotional exercises which pre-cede the regular work of the day. A student of the University of Illinois, Šestablished under the laws of Congress and the State of Illinois, in the years. 1866 and 1867, " to teach in the most thorough manner such branches of learning as are related to agridulture and the mechanic arts, including military tactics, :and not excluding other scientific or literary stud7  ies,"Šabsented himself from the morning devotional exercises, for which absence he was expelled. He has brought action against the trust-ees of the University, and will rest his case on Sec. 3, Art. 2 of the Constitution of the State, which says: "No person Shall be required to attend or support any ministry or place of worship against his consent, nor shall any preference be given by law to any religious denomination mode of worship." NON-PARTISAN TEMPERANCE *OBE. Mrs. J. Ellen Foster, President of the Non-Partisan Woman's Christian Temper-ance. Union, of Iowa, spoke in Central Music Hall, Sunday, October 5, Łon the history of the temperance movement in this country, the principles on which it is ,now. based; and the relation of. the organ-ization which she represents to that re-form. She gave this, among other rea-sons, why the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union could not be partisan, that the organization was born of the Church, nourished by the Church, and could not consistently unite, as a body, with any political party any more than could the Church. 