THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. 171 the Government, and therefore it is not religions persecution to compel people to observe it even though they conscientiously observe the identical day commanded in the Bible. The reader will see that the idea is not new. Neander outlined it as the evils of the Catholic Church in ancient Rome in the early centuries. On the fulfilling of this purpose I will give an-other item of history. In a work entitled, "A Concise History of the Papal Supremacy," pub-lished in Dublin, Ireland, 1810, a copy of which I found in the library of the British Museum, in London, I read something of interest on this sub-ject. Ł The general council of Chalcedon was called by the Emperor Marcian in A. D. 351. It is well known that its canons provoked no small contro-versy and contention. The history here referred to speaks of the action of the emperor as follows :Š " lie forbade any person to hold disputes in public about religion ; and he gave this reason for it ' He does injury to the judgment of the holy synod, who shall discuss and dispute the articles which were there rightly judged and disposed of, since those mat-ters appointed by the bishops, assembled at Chalce-don, concerning the Christian faith, were ordained by us, or were decided by our commandments; and those Who despise this law shall be punished " And so the matter has already been solved in this self-same way. It was no infringement on the rights,of anybody's conscience to compel them to accept without questioning the canons of the council. Oh, no; they were established as im-perial laws, and surely it was right that all should obey the laws of the empire. How easily and consistently is the whole matter disposed of, and nobody's religious liberty endangered. "What-ever. man has done, man may do." An authority with the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union has presented a picture of the happy state of the Nation when every voter will be called upon to consider the religious bearings of political questions; when Christianity shall be discussed in every caucus, and declared from every rostrum. Neither is this a new idea. Neander has also given us a sketch from real life of that very state of things; and he has stated the inevitable results. Thus he speaks:Š " Now, as so much depended on the fact whether a party had the emperor's vote on its side, every art was employed, consequently, to secure this ; all that was corrupt in the Byzantine court found its way into the bosom of the churchŠcourt parties became doctri-nal parties, and the reverse. Imperial chamberlains, eunuchs, directors of the prince's kitchen, disputed on formulas of faith, and affected to set themselves up as judges in the theological disputes. That which must pass current for sound doctrine in the church was subject to the same fluctuations with the parties at court."ŠPages 165-66. Here is the evil inherent in this national re-ligious system, as we have pointed it' out in the SENTINEL. If our Nation is to retain its re-publican features, then the religion of the country is to be subjected to the decision of every election, liable to be changed with the changes of ad-ministration, and every corrupt faction in the State, or will urge its way into the church for po-liticaLeffect. And yet we are charged with be- ing enemies to Christianity because we do not unite with them in their efforts to bring about this very state of things. Woe to the church and to Christianity in our country, if ever this National Reform scheme is successful. They must be dull indeed who cannot see that all that is corrupt in politics will force itself into the church, whenever a profession of Christianity becomes necessary to political preferment. That  was a wise and prudent action of the framers of our unrivaled Constitution prohibiting relig-ious tests in our Government; a provision well calculated to preserve the purity of religion in the churches, as well as an equal administration of justice to all classes. Ł Eusebius, the historian, overpraised Constantine for the benefit that it was supposed that he had conferred upon Christianity and upon the church; yet he left on record the baleful effects of the em-peror's kindness and liberality, writing thus:Š " In truth, I can myself bear testimony to the grievous evils which prevailed in those times ; I mean the violence of rapacious and unprincipled men, who preyed upon all classes of society alike, and the scan-dalous hypocrisy of those who crept into the church, and assumed the name and character of Christians." ŠLife of Constantine, chap. 54. Statements of this kind might be multiplied to almost any extent, yet the lovers of national religion are wont to paint the church, in the days of Constantine, as in its most happy state, blessed with the patronage of this first Christian emperor. Human nature is always the sameŠnever to be trusted too far. Like causes may be expected to produce like results. Many in America flatter themselves that in this age, and in our country, there can be no danger. So it always appeared when evils came in by small beginnings, and with deceitful promises. But the promises are just as deceitful, and the dangers just as great, at this time as in any age when religious ambition grasps for the reins of civil power. The Missouri Convention. A Sabbath Observance Convention was held at Sedalia, Missouri, May 23 and 24. After the organization of the convention, a paper was read by Rev. T. A. Tatlow, of Edina, on "Sabbath Ob-servance in Rural Life." The main point of the paper was to show that Sabbath observance "has a quickening and abiding influence upon man, especially in rural life, because he is in such life especially impressed with a sense of his depend-ence upon God. For not only man himself, but even his cattle also, are directly dependent for their subsistence upon the products of the earth. . . . Therefore, as far as the divine law re- garding the Sabbath-day contemplates the secular good of man, so far the civil power must obey the law and secure proper secular obedience to it on the part of its subjects." The reading of the paper was followed by a free discussion of its contents, Rev. M. A. Gault being first to speak. He said "This question [whether Government shall ap- peal to the divine authority in enforcing Sabbath legislation] has been put by Dr. Howard Crosby in this form : He says that Governments should not say you must keep the Sabbath because God says so. That is not the province; he says, of civil government. That Government has no right to compel another or higher authority than the will of the people. All that Government can say is prescribed by the will of the people, according to Crosby. And Dr. Crafts very heart-ily declares and teaches that Governments should say, you must keep the Sabbath because it is good for you; because, as Brother Tatlow has stated to you, it is a law of our physical being. We must have one day's rest in seven, therefore Govern-ments should have Sabbath laws, but not to com-pel divine authority in enforcing those Sabbath laws. "Now we take the ground that Governments should invoke divine authority on this question;  Governments should say to the people, You must keep the Sabbath, and have the Sabbath's rest secured to all classes, not merely because it is good for you, but because God says so ; because there is a divine appointment behind this question. The point may be illustrated by the story of a man who had a melon patch, and who put up at one end of the patch a sign which read as fol-lows: 'Boys, don't steal these melons, for they are green, and God sees you.' ' That is, that, farmer appealed to divine authority. He gave the boys to understand that they must not steal melons, not merely because it would injure them, but be-cause God saw them. And in that way he reached their consciences. "Well, that simple idea of the farmer expresses the philosophy that underlies this whole question. I believe that Government can reach the con-science of the people. A. man without God is a man without a 'conscience, and a Government without God is a Government without a con-science. A Government has no right upon the conscience of man to enforce a law without recog-nizing the idea of a supreme Being, the Almighty God, as revealed in Jesus Christ. Now, the only reason why I should appeal to divine authority on this question is because God is the source of all legitimate authority, whether in the family, or in the church, or in the State,ŠGod is the source of all authority. We cannot go back of God to find even a definition of virtue or a standard of virtue, or the authority for virtue. And you may take this position, and hold it successfully,Šthat without God, without the ten commandments, there is no right or wrong. You cannot go back of God's decalogue to find a definition of right. So this is a fundamental question. "Now, when the child asks the parent, What business have you to order me around, that parent can say, God -has vested me with parental author-ity. So it is in the church; the church appeals to the divine law; and so the State must also appeal to the divine laww. Now, let me explain here that we do not mean that the State should appeal to the ecclesiastical law, nor to the divine law. The ecclesiastical law binds the church, and the civil law binds the State. Civil govern-ment has no right to compel people to religiously observe the Sabbath-day, or to compel the church to perform any religious duty as such; that is .be-yond the province of the State. But the civil lawŠthe ten commandmentsŠbecause they are civilŠthey bind the State. They bind the State just as well as they bind the church." The ChairmanŠ" The discussion is now open for anyone to take part in it." Elder R. C. Porter, in addressing the chairman and members of the convention, said:Š "It is hardly to be expected that all of us, without any discussion, would see eye to eye upon this question; and possibly what I may have to, say will not be exactly in harmony with what Brother Gault has said. The question before us is whether it is the province of human govern-ment to appeal to the divine law in enforcing the Sabbath. And as I look at that question it seems to me that I shall he compelled to differ with Brother Gault upon this question simply for this reason: Our Saviour has taught us in the sacred record that we should render unto Coesar the things that are Ccesar's, and to God the things that are God's. Cxsar represents civil govern-ment. The things to be rendered to God are our religious obligations to him. Now, the ques-tion to be settled with reference to the subject of 