166 AMERICAN SENTINEL. monstrances to legislative bodies. They are in the open pages of history, and may and should be read and stu-died now as never before. The Christ once stood and cried: "He that hath ears to hear, let him hear." So now, those whd have eyes to see, let them see and read to a purpose. Thoughts Upon Intolerance. Translated from the French; by John McCarthy. SHALL, we persecute those to whom God gives lib erty?ŠSan Agustin. I do not come to preach of toleration; liberty of reli-gion in its fullest sense is to my mind a right far more sacred than mere "tolerance," the which in itself is some-what tyrannical, because the authority which tolerates, can also at their pleasure withdraw such toleration.ŠMirabeau. When you desire to create hypocrites, and impious persons, be fanatical and intolerant.ŠChateaubriand. To preach intolerance is to submit the Christian faith to the police; to do this would give the lie to the Primi-tive Church; justify the reason of the State, and the cru-elty of Ceesar.ŠLaboulaye. From the inutility of the great persecutions, and ter-rible tortures, religious liberty first gave birth.ŠEdm de Girardin. To have a very high opinion of one's own conjectures is to roast a man alive.ŠMontaigne. Absolute liberty in the religiOus controversy is the result of the principle of religious liberty.ŠVillemain. The republic of France [also the United States] has proclaimed that all men are free born, and all have equal rights, and none should be interfered with, nor molested because of their religious opinions; and that the Consti-tution recognizes only citizens, and guarantees to all without distinction, liberty of conscience. If we put an end to this grand principle, other nations will remember the same. They think that in the French [or American] soul is born the disposition to value men because of their honesty and intrinsic merit; and not judge them because of their birth, social condition, or religious confession.ŠEmile Boutroux. Argentine Republic. CARDINAL GIBBONS says that during the Cuban war the church in Cuba loaned the Spanish government many millions, none of which has been repaid, for the return of which it must look td Spain. One wonders how it got so many millions to lend. Imagine the Presbyte-rian Church or the Episcopal Church or the Roman Catholic Church in this country lending theUnited States Government millions of dollars! It was time for dices-tablishment.Š The Independent. "If We Let Him Thus Alone." (Concluded.) IN behalf of church and state interests, it was decided in the synagogue of Satan, that it was not safe to let Christ alone, and again and again the same reason has been reiterated for persecution against his followers. In the early Christian centuries God's truth inspired men with the same fear, and earthlygovernments and churchly councils arrayed themselves against the advocates of Christianity. Paganism brought forth the same excuse for persecution, screaming "Great is Diana of the Ephe-sians !" and declaring that "these men who turn the world upside down, are come hither also." Romanism took up the same cry, and hunted the Waldenses from Italy, the Albigenses and Huguenots from France. Lu-ther was brought before Worms on the plea that it was not safe to let him alone. The noble army of mar-tyrs of all ages testify to the cruelty of the outcome o such counsel; for it did not hinder the nation from being swept away,Šrather made its doom sure and its des-truction inevitable. Well would it have been for councils if they had listened to their Gamaliels. Was there not always some voice of wisdom that said, "Take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men. . . . And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone; for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought; but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it, lest haply ye be fosiind to fight against God." Why are men so slow to heed the warning of history? While denouncing the Pharisees of Christ's day for cruci-fying him, they carry out the same spirit, and maintain the same attitude toward the true cause and people of God. They repeat the same words, startling by their semblance to the words of old, "If we let them alone, all men will believe as they do, and some terrible calam-ity will be the outcome!' And yet what would happen? To believe the word of God brings salvation to the soul. Faith in the divine commands would rid the world of strife, sin, selfishness, war, and anarchy, and would bring in a reign of peace and righteousness. It is lack of faith in God's word that binders men from doing his law. Why, then, with results of peace and righteousness following faith in God's word, do men declare that it is not safe to let the advocates of truth alone? Many congratulate themselves to-day that they did not live in the terrible times when persecution raged, and when a man could not be left alone to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and fondly declare that the world has left the barbarism of the past; but how small is the cause for congratulation, and what vanishing reasons for a claim for higher civil-ization! The time is not yet at hand when men are let alone in the exercise of their God-given rights. There has been a brief season of respite from the powers of 