580 AMERICAN SENTINEL. That, instead of religion being free, as promised and commanded by the Saviour of mankind, no one could be taught this new religion, so-called, except by the pay-ment of $100 in money to a class teacher, besides buying all the literature at exorbitant rates." The grace of God is free; and the most emphatic condemnation is put by the New Testament upon any scheme for prostituting it to the purpose of financial gain. And when religion is so prostituted, that religion is not Christianity. Christianity can never be cornered into a "trust." That will always be free as the air of heaven. New Jersey Enforces the "Christian Sabbath." The Call (Paterson, N. J.) of September 13, prints the following:Š "The trial of William Schmalfeldt, of Thirty-ninth Street, near Vreeland Avenue, charged with having on the 'third day of September, A. D., 1899, at the city of Paterson, in the county of Passaic, being the Christian Sabbath, or the first day of the week commonly called Sunday, engaged in ordinary or servile labor by exercis-ing his trade or vocation of barber, contrary to and in violation of the statute of the State of New Jersey in such case made and provided,' took place yesterday morn-ing before Justice Martin H. R. Van Hovenberg at his court room in the Katz building. "There was a very large attendance of the members of the Barbers' Association and others interested, and the defendant was accompanied by a delegation of his friends. Constable Richard J. Krowley acted as court officer, and witnesses DeLong and Sherer, of the barbers' spotting committee, were also on hand. "The defendant, who is a young man, after hearing the complaint read, by advice of counsel, pleaded guilty, and was fined $1 and costs of court. "He alleged in justification of his offense that an-other barber in his neighborhood had shaved people at the latter's residences on Sunday, and that having lost some customers in that way he was tempted to break the law for self-protection, but with the exception of one Sunday he had otherwise kept his shop closed. "The Barbers' Association have been furnished with the name of the alleged offender, and will take care of him and at once take action, should the allegation made prove to be well founded." Besides this case, three others are reported in The Call, of the 12th inst., as follows:Š "Henry Bosehans, the butcher, of 622 River Street, and his two sons, Henry Jr.1  and Charles, were served with summons to appear in Justice Vandervate's court on Thursday afternoon. As intimated in yesterday's Call the Riverside Grocers' and Butchers' Association made a complaint against Bosehans for keeping open on Sunday morning, and against his two sons for per-forming manual labor on the same day, by working in their father's store. "Last week Bosehans was arrested for a similar offense and fined, and filed an appeal, but the justice re- fused to recognize it until the fine and costs were forth-coming. If this is not done the justice will levy upon sufficient goods to satisfy the claim. "Bosehans says he will keep open until cooler weather sets in, no matter how many times he is arrested, nor will he pay the fines until the higher courts decide the legality of the proceedings." Military Conscription Coming. THE specter of military conscription is menacing Great Britain, and is causing much uneasiness to men who are liable for military duty. And this fact is not without its lesson for citizens of the United States. Protected as England is to-day by an arm of the ocean which intervenes between her shores and the con-tinent of Europe, and by a fleet which is able to ward off all danger from a hostile fleet, that country never-theless finds herself confronted by the prospective neces-sity of military conscription, to maintain her army at the size deemed necessary to preserve the safety of the empire. It is proposed by the British minister of war "that all persons between eighteen and thirty-five years be registered at their place of residence. Each county will be credited with the number of volunteers it furnishes for the army. The rest must be gathered in by conscrip-tion; but men of means will be permitted to buy them-selves off, or to furnish a substitute." Having reached the shores of Great Britain, crossing the stretch of ocean water between that country and the continent, the specter of military conscription has come measurably nearer to the United States. Now that the United States has advanced across the Pacific Ocean, it is separated from the domain of Old World strifes in Asia scarcely more than England is separated from her European rivals by the English Channel. Great Britain needs a big army to protect her em-pire; and the same is true of other empires, and was always true of empires. Every empire on the earth to-day calls for a great standing army to defend it. And with the acquisition of American colonies, the same will be true of the empire of the United States. A standing army of 25,000 men has sufficed for the United States while the broad oceans rolled between its territory and the "armed camp" of the Old World. How great an army will be required to defend Ameri-can territory which is open to attack from this armed camp? And when, as is now openly proposed, the United States shall actually join this armed conclave of world powers in dividing up the spoils of Asia, how large an army will be required to maintain the United States on an equal footing with its rival powers? A look at the size of the armies of those powers will furnish a suffi-ciently accurate answer. The large standing army that will then be required 