122 THE AIVIERICAN SENTINIRI, are no more to blame for it than are Prot-estants for doing the same thing in the interests of Protestantism, and that is just what this " unsectarian " religious instruc-tion is. The only consistent and tenable position is, that no public funds shall be used either directly or indirectly for giving any kind of religious instruction. To Prevent Involuntary Servitude. THE title of the Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, " A bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday," now before the House Commit-tee on the District, is evidence of a re-markable state of affairs in the District of Columbia. If it means anything, it means that, under the direct jurisdiction of the Congress of the United States, and im-mediately within the view of the congress-men and senators there gathered, the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution is inoperative, and human slavery exists which this bill proposes to mitigate for one day in the week only. The proposi-tion is preposterous, and the whole bill is no less preposterous than the reductio ad absurdum to which its title tends. The title is a misnomer ; it should read, "A bill to secure and enforce by, law the religious observance of Sunday." The purpose of the measure is to secure idle-ness on Sunday, and there are judicial decisions which define idleness as the req-uisite religious observance of Sunilay required by the law. That, then, is the title which the bill should carry as an expression of its intent, and also that the title and the body of the bill may be con-sistent with each other. For, in the bill itself, there is no suggestion that any person or corporation is forced to labor on Sunday, and the heinousness of the of-fense does not consist in the compulsion exercised by which some fellow-being or corporation is enslaved and compelled to labor, but the criminality rests in the act of performing labor on that day, as well as, and to the same extent with, the em-ployment of labor. The purpose of the act, then, is not to free the slave, and punish the slave-master, but to punish the slave for being a slave. The title of the bill virtually recites that there are persons in the District of Columbia who are slaves, " forced to labor," and the bill fixes a penalty of not more than one hundred dollars to be laid upon the slave because of his slavery, and upon due con-viction of such a condition of servitude. The bill, then, is inconsistent with its title, and it is not its purpose to free any person or corporation from a condition of servitude. The title is a pretense, un-worthy the professed character of those who framed the bill and are doing their best to promote its passage, and a slur upon the intelligence of the representative who introduced it. More than that, what can be the views of human justice held by those who can propose to the highest legislative body in the land a measure by which Jewish or Mohammedan slave-masters shall be empowered to enslave men and corporations within the District of ŁColumbia. For any person, in fact, whether he professes the creed of the Jew, the Mohammedan, the Presbyterian, the Methodist, the Congregationalist, the Unitarian, or any denomination or reli-gious sect, or none whatever, Šonly so long as he professes and practices the observance of some other day of the week than Sun- day as a day of rest,Šmay, legally,without let or hindrance, enforce upon his fellow-men and corporations this condition of servitude which exists in the District of Columbia, and go scot free; because the bill recites "that.  the provisions of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscientiously be-lieve in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest." It is not human slavery which this act proposes to do away with. The enslave-ment of man by his fellow-man is criminal. It is not criminality which it is proposed shall be dealt with in this measure. For if it were, would it be sound legislation to decree that one class of people may com-mit a certain crime, for the commission of which another class shall be mulcted in a heavy fine? That which is a crime as between A and B is also a crime as be-tween B and A. If not, it is not a crime at all. And that is the solution of this whole bill, it deals with no crime what-ever. What, then, does it propose to deal with ? It proposes to deal with an act which some religionists consider to be a sin against God, an infraction of his moral law, in laboring upon the first day of the week. Such being the case, by what right does any one ask the Congress of the United States to give its sanction to any individual interpretation of the law of God? And that being answered, it is not necessary to ask by what right the Congress of the United States shall attempt the enforcement of any interpre-tation of the moral law of God. W. H. M. What Is Proper Sabbath Observance? SAYS the Michigan Sabbath Watch-man:Š The Sabbath rightly observed would prove a source of great good to the people of this Nation. Granted ; and a blessing to the people of all other nations as well. But what is proper Sabbath observance ? This state-ment of the Watchman can be of no prac-tical value unless we can ascertain what proper observance of the Sabbath is. How must the Sabbath be kept in order to be " rightly observed," and thus prove a blessing to him who observes it ? Only he who made it and gave character to the Sabbath day is competent to answer this question; and this he has done. God says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." Only when the Sabbath is thus kept, only when it is observed as a day which is " sacred ; reserved from pro-fane or common use;" as a day "set apart to the service or worship of God,"Šas the term holy is defined to mean,Šis it rightly observed. The right observance of the day is, therefore, to devote it to God and to his worship. This and this only, is either proper or profitable Sabbath observ-ance. But this stamps both the institution and its proper observance as religious, and religious wholly; for religion is "the recognition of God as an object of worship, love, and obedience." Any law, therefore, looking toward the proper observance of the Sabbath is a religious law, and the en-forcement of it is the enforcement of a religious observance. Sabbath laws are, therefore, religious laws, and nothing else; and the enforcement of them is simply an attempt to make men religious by law. These conclusions are unavoidable, allow- ing, God to say what the right observance of the Sabbath is, and words to have their common and accepted meaning. But, although the attempt can be made men can not be made religious by law, and the attempt is not only futile but wicked. The most that law can do toward making men religious is, in view of certain pains and penalties, to exact an outward conform-ity to certain religious rights and cere-monies. And this is all that any Sunday law, or any effort to secure Sunday laws, and enforce Sunday observance by law can ever accomplish. The friends of such laws bear witness to the truthfulness of this fact themselves. A writer in the Christian Statesman of Dec. 25, 1891, refers to the work of the Pittsburg Law and Order League as having given "unmistakable signs of success in reducing crime and vice, and especially in procuring a better outward observance of the Sabbath." (Italics mine.) And this is as good Sabbath observance as.  any Sunday law, or Law and Order League, can ever secure; simply an out-ward observance. But this without the inward grace is hypocrisy. Said Jesus, " God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." No other kind of worship is ac-ceptable to God, and no other form of Sabbath keeping than that holy, spiritual, religious observance of the day is Sabbath keeping in his sight. Therefore all such Sabbath observance as comes from the Pennsylvania Sunday law, backed up by the Pittsburg Law and Order League, makes the one who renders it no better, nor any more a Sabbath-keeper, in God's sight. In fact it would be better for him not to render it, for there is some reason for believing that God has more respect for an honest sinner than for a hypocriti-cal saint. The whole Sunday-law movement is therefore nothing more nor less than an effort to make men hypocrites, and perse-cute all who will not act the hypocrite and worship God after its hypocritical fashion. The promoters of it may secure millions of convictions under Sunday laws, but they can never by such means convert a soul. Away with the wicked and hypo- critical thing! W. A. COLCORD. Getting Very Strict in Atlanta. A CORRESPONDENT from Marietta, Ga., writes that some trainmen on the Georgia Division of the East Tennessee, Virginia, and Georgia Railroad, were delayed, owing to a break-down on their train, and did not reach Atlanta until 8 A. M., Sun-day morning. The great zeal in Atlanta for Sunday that is now becoming quite famous, could not countenance break-downs that would delay trains and cause them to come into their city on Sunday, and so the men were arrested, and the case is decided against them. The rail-road officials are talking of carrying the case to the Supreme Court, to see if the decision will be sustained. Some will say that such things as this can not be general; but arrests for the violation of Sunday laws quite as ridicu-lous are being made right along in Penn-sylvania, and are being strongly urged in other portions of the country. These facts should open the eyes of those who are favoring legislation that makes it possible for such arrests to be made. A person 