THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 399 standards of Methodism. I refer to the arrest of Mr. Judefind, a Sabbath-keeper,, upon complaint of the Methodist preacher in that neighborhood. Is it possible that Mr. Tobias' ministerial brethren bell,eve that a man has a right to freedom of thought only so long as he chooses to be-lieve according to the iron-bound creed of their particular sect? Why, that is pre-cisely what the Roman Catholic Church teaches; and Mr. Tobias has roundly de-nounced that apostate body. The Constitution does forbid Congress making " any laws respecting the estab-lishment of any religion." Mark you, it does not say any particular denomina-tion " but " any religion;" and yet many of these apparently rabid opponents of Rome are laboring with might and main, with pen and voice, with vote and pocket-book, aye, with threats of boycott, to fasten upon free America, the particular insignia of Rome. " Consistency, thou art a jewel." ERNEST H. RUSSELL. ROMAN Catholicism has assumed a prominence in its relation to the political questions of our country that has given it some prestige as an issue in the late presidential campaign; not, indeed, as a 'listinct plank in any party platform, but a party influence so marked as to elicit some public comment and prophecies of Ikpproaching danger. While there is doubtless some cause for Ifprehension of danger from the growing wer of Catholicism, it is mainly so o m the fact that Protestants, so-called, Ave so generally ceased to protest. But while from that point arise dark clouds that are somewhat obscuring the horizon of our fair land, from another quarter, as he smoke of a pit, there has arisen an in-that has overcast the zenith of our 1 glory and darkened the sunlight of liberty.  The National Reform Party, so-called, iwith its many allies, has done more to override the Constitution of our country, and stultify the wisdom of our forefath-ers who so carefully framed it, than Catholicism has ever been, or ever could be, able to do, unaided by the truckling of fallen Protestantism. We can only re-gard it as a feint by the arch-deceiver, to divert attention from the approach of a more deadly foe. A. SMITH. A JEW merchant in Findlay, l)hio, has recently been informed by the city author-ities that he must keep his store closed on Sunday.' - In the same town one of the ministers, in a sermon delivered a few weeks since, stated that the Church was now in a po-sition where it could say to the world, that in order for men to be placed in posi-tions of public trust they must be Chris-tians. The Church is not slow to claim the advantage that they gained over poli-ticians in the recent encounters in our national Legislature. But, oh ! what a Church it will be when all the unprin-cipled politicians flock into it for the pur-pose of getting the suffrages that they are now boldly told they can not have unless they are Christians. For years THE SEN-fINEL has been telling the people what would be the outcome of this Church and State union; and now all can see how clearly it is being fulfilled. CatholicismŠA Feint. Protestants Largely Responsible. THE result of the recent election has made the downfall of Commissioner Mor-gan certain. For some reasons, perhaps, this is not to be regretted although Gen-eral Morgan's administration of the Indian Bureau has been better than that of his predecessors. When he came to office he found the Government committed to the support of a number of so-called Indian contract schools. These are nothing more nor less than denominational schools, supported out of the public treasury. General Morgan declared his purpose to abolish the whole system, and in this he was clearly right, but by this declaration he provoked the everlasting hostility of the Roman Catholics, and it was a foregone conclusion that his political undoing was only a question of time. It is true that in taking the position that he did, Gen-eral Morgan may have been influenced more by his opposition to Romanism, than by fidelity to the principle of absolute separation of Church and State; but be that as it may, it is to be regretted that the system which he endeavored to termi-nate seems likely to survive. But for this, the so-called Protestant churches of the country are very largely responsible. Had they unitedly denounced the evil in the beginning instead of becoming parties to it, by themselves accepting Government money for the support of their Indian missions, the penicious system could not have survived. But now it is almost cer-tain that it will not only live but that it will grow. Ł He Understands It. THE Circuit Rider has this paragraph from a correspondent :- - HONOR THE SABBATH DAY AND KEEP IT HOLY." The 52d Congress has left a record in virtually closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, and, in spite of the quibbling of some secular news-papers, will stand by its record, backed by the Christian people of this Nation. If a large mass of the people will patronize the saloons of Chicago on Sunday, instead of the churches, that will not be the fault of the Christian people. It will be a great deal better to off-set this by making the churches attractive and all welcome to the sanctu-ary, than by opening the gates of the Fair on Sun-day and thus "doing evil" under the false supposi-tion "that good may come." Senator A. H. Col-quitt, of Georgia, who championed this cause is a member of our church and we are prouder of him than ever. C. D. H. The writer of the foregoing understands the matter; the closing of the Fair by act of Congress was secured by the churches, for the benefit of the churches, and the churches will reward those who cater to them in political things. The time has come when it is quite an object for candi-dates for office to belong to "our church," or at least to be in favor with the churches, and as a result politicians are almost / tumbling over one another in their mad` haste to secure front seats in the NationaJ Reform car. Two Interesting Items, THE Advance claims that ttn Sunday resolutions from the religious/societies are wholly spontaneous and in n0 way through the influence of the " Sabbgagan associa-tions." Does not this iteyi frcqn the pro-ceedings of the annual n?.eeting.  of the M. E. Church General Mis9ionary Committee, held last month in Baltimoreo, show about how spontaneous th9kA resolutions  are :Š A telegram from Rei. Dr. J.. H. Knowles was  read, requesting the General Committee to protest against the present scheme to remove the Sunday closing condition from the national appropriation to the World's Fair. A committee was appointed to do it in behalf of the body. Another item from the organ of the Presbyterian Missionary Society, Church at Home and Abroad for December suggests how the Presbyterians do not work in China. In the edict of a magistrate favor-ing toleration of Christians, this plea is made : " Foreigners preaching in China have never used coercion nor have they thwarted the magistrates, but each Chinese may or may not embrace the (new) religion according to his own pleasure. Nor do the converts oppose the good among the people, but are themselves all loyal sub-jects of China." NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Georgia Legislature recently rejected a bill providing for the reading of the Bible in the public schools. TEN Elmira pastors, headed by Rev. Thomas K. Beecher, have declared against Sunday funerals. They agree upon the general principle that they are unwise and inexpedient, and except in cases of extreme necessity are to be avoided. Hereafter people in straightened circumstances in Elmira must bury their dead at night if they want their friends who are dependent on their daily earnings for a livelihood, to be present and assist them in paying the last sad tribute of respect to the de-parted. This anti-Sunday-funeral crusade is about heartless a phase of the Sunday agitatit,.kas yet been developed. THE different influences brought to bear to se-cure the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, are many and subtle. The last seems to be an attempt to antagonize the World's Fair management and the Labor Unions o4.1 the subject of the employ-ment of non-union labor, and turn this to account for Sunday closing. The Chicago Times, of De-cember 11, has/ this, purporting to be the language of President liginbotham:Š I don't care a continental what the labor leaders do in regard to the opening or closing of the Fair on Sunday. If they don't want it open, I am sure I don't. It is no more our business whether a man employs union labor, than is his color or his reli-gion. The special despatch from which this is taken contains also the following comment in explana- tio :Š Y. Higinbotham is said to have *lade these re-ks in reply to the criticisms of local labor ons upon the action of the Fair Directors in let-g the printing of the official Exposition catalogue a firm which does not at all times pay the union ale of wages. Mr. Higinbotham is further quoted as saying that personally he would prefer to have the World's Fair closed on Sunday, as it means much less individual work to him if this is the case. He has been working in the interest of workingmen, he declares, when he labored for Sunday opening, and now, if the local unions withdraw their support from the Sunday opening movement, as they threaten, it is no affair of his. He is also quoted as saying that he merely fol-lowed good business principles in accepting the offer of the printing house to get out the catalogue, and in so doing, he did his best for the welfare of the Exposition. This is an unexpected but a very effective way of giving trouble to those who are seeking the re-peal of vicious legislation on this matter. It marks very clearly also the selfish, personal and partisan methods to which the Sunday closing element is willing to stoop. The high water mark in dema-goguery and hypocrisy seems to have been rdached in this Sunday closing of the World's Fair. 