"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY wonDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.'ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, JULY 28, 1898. NUMBER 29. "Tun wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of IN every transgression of the divine law, we bid an God." eternal farewell to all that we hold most dear. HUMAN nature gospel. THE devil is the inventor of the much-tried plan of driving people to do right. has always believed A MISTAKEN CONCEPTION OF GOSPEL WORK. The artist has depicted it in the effort of the clergyman to drive people out of the broad path of worldliness and carnality into the narrow way of righteousness, by bringing upon them the penalty of civil law. The attempt only drives them against a perpendicular wall which no human power can enable them to scale. No human power can place an individual in the pathway of obedience to God; all laws enacted for such a purpose are utterly futile. The individual must be lifted up from the broad and downward way into the high, narrow and upward way by the power of faith. Civil law is effective only in the field of natural rights. THE devil never pastes his true likeness upon the bill boards or gives his photograph to the public. THE path-w ay of right-eousness is tbo narrow and rough to be used b y the " political ma-chine." The broad way is the path for it. THE armory of the Christian supplies no wea-' pions for killing men. THE power of God unto salvation can-not reach the soul through in a political THE lightest sin is heavy enough to sink the soul; the smallest is big enough to contain Calvary. HEAVEN iS free to all, but you cannot get into the other place without paying for it. THE "higher" the criticism of God's Word, the lower is the source from which it eman-ates. POLICY is the sand upon which stand the houses that will be over-thrown by the coming storm. IF by God's perfect law the world is condemned, how then by man's the channel of human law. crude law can it be saved? WHEN men turn their backs on the Bible, they natu-rally think that the Bible is behind the times. To DENY self until self is dead is the hardest battle a human being can fight, and the victor attains the loftiest heights of heroism. 