"rang man hear mg words; and believe not !judge him not. Šiesus Christ. VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, JULY 19, 1900. NUMBER 28. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. Subscription. price, m $1.00 SMITI-1, ll  C. P. 1301,1VIA.N,1 Editors. All men ought to keep the Sabbath, but no man ought to be forced to keep the Sabbath. Religious service must rest wholly upon love, not upon force.,  The "will of the majority" in religion is no more binding upon the minority to-day, and no safer a guide, than it was in the days of Noah, Abraham, or, Elijah. .4 .4 Christians cannot possibly be the "salt of the earth" at the ballot box ; at such a place a' Christian counts for no more than the most ungodly person on earth,*  since they stand on a perfect equality in the right to vote. One Christian can "chase a thousand. and two put ten thousand to flight"; but not at the polls or the primary. Christianity cannot count in the sphere of politics. <4 .4 The Creator gave the world only one sun and one Sabbath, and it is as possible to create another sun by legislation as another Sabbath, or to maintain one by legislation as to maintain the other. There can be only one day sanctified as the Sabbath in the same week,ŠOnly one day 'set apart from all other days as ;day of rest: We must take the Sabbath- institution as it comes to us from God's hands rather than from the legislature. The only protection that is needed from the state is the protection of men in the enjoyment of natural rights. Because a certain thing may be clearly for the public good, it does not follow that its enforcement should be attempted by law. Most people will admit that the extension of Christianity is clearly for the public good, but few would advocate its promulgation by legislation. It is clearly for the public good 'that men should regard the laws of health, but here again law is powerless to secure the end desired: And' so in a multitude of other cases. The Decline of Sunday Observance. Almost every writer and speaker in behalf of Sun-day legislation' has something to say about the "in-creasing desecration of the Lord's day." "The Sab-bath is imperiled," we are told, "by a growing ten-dency to secularize it, to neglect its religious privi-leges, to substitute the vulgarities of the Sunday press for communion with higher and sweeter themes, to devote its sacred hours to travel, to excursions of pleasure, and to mere social functions." This 'is the statement made by Rev. R. F. Sample, a leading Pres-byterian ; and the like lament is heard everywhere from his contemporaries in the work of Sunday re-form. There is no reason to doubt that Sunday desecra-tion is increasing. The statements made by the friends of Sunday upon this point are no doubt substantially true. But those who are calling for Sunday laws as a remedy for the evil, as they view it, entirely miss the lesson that should be learned from it touching the preservation of the Sunday institution. The very fact that public regard for the day is fast being lost, is evidence that it is beyond the power of legislation to stay the decline that has overtaken it. Regard for an institution cannot be put into 'the 