382 A.IVICIE CAIN-  SIHŠ.INPICINE,11_4. VOL. 10, No. 48 A. We have for it the authority of the Catholic Church and apostolic tradition. Q. Does the Scripture anywhere command the Sun- day to be kept for the Sabbath ? A. . . . the Scripture does not in particular mention this change of the Sabbath. . . . In fact the best authority we have for this ancient custom is the testimony of the church. And therefore those who pretend to be such religious observers of the Sunday, whilst they take no notice of other fes-tivals ordained by the same authority, show that they act more by humor than by reason and re-ligion; since Sundays and holidays all stand upon the same foundation, viz., the ordinance of the church. In the " Faith of Our Fathers," by Cardi-nal Gibbons, " twenty-fifth carefully revised and enlarged edition," we find the following evidence that the Catholic Church exalts itself above the word of God:Š The Scriptures alone do not contain all the truths which a Christian is bound to believe, nor do they explicitly enjoin all the duties which he is obliged to practice. Not to mention other examples, is not every Christian obliged to sanctify Sunday, and to abstain on that day from unnecessary servile work ? Is not the observance of this law among the most prom-inent of our sacred duties ? But you may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the observ-ance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify.ŠPage 111. Christ declared, in the words of Scripture, that man must live " by every word that pro- ceedeth out of the mouth of God." The Catholic Church on the contrary, coolly boasts of setting aside the word of God, and thereby proclaims itself antichrist, opposing and ex-alting itself "above all that is called God, or that is worshiped." Again, in a Catholic work entitled, "Abridg- ment of Christian Doctrine," we find the following:Š Q. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days ? A. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of. Exactly in harmony with this Roman Cath-olic testimony is the following from professed Protestants. Canon Eyton says:Š There is no word, no hint, in the New Testament about abstaining from work on Sunday. No com-mandment of God bids us do this or not do that on Sunday; we are absolutely free as far as his law goes. The observance of Ash Wednesday or Lent stands on exactly the same footing as the observance of Sunday. ŠThe Ten Commandments. The late Dr. R. W. Dale said :Š The Sabbath was founded on a specific, divine com-mand. We can plead no such command for the ob-servance of Sunday. Dr. Isaac Williams, of the Church of Eng-land, says:Š We are commanded to keep holy the seventh day; but we do not think it necessary to keep the seventh day holy; for the seventh day is Saturday. It may be said that we keep the first day instead ; but then surely this is not the same thing; the first day cannot be the seventh day; and where are we told in Scrip-ture that we are to keep the first day at all ? We are commanded to keep the seventh; but we are nowhere commanded to keep the first day.ŠThe Church Cat-echism, p 834. On the next page but one he adds:Š The reason why we keep the first day of the week holy instead of the seventh is for the same reason that we observe many other things, not because the Bible, but because the Church, has enjoined it. Let it be observed that these statements are almost identical with those quoted from Ro-man Catholic writers. All agree that the substitution of Sunday for the Sabbath is contrary to Scripture. " The Church " is the sole authority for the change. Now it matters not by what name that church is  called; the fact is that the substitution of Sunday for the Sabbath, contrary to the Scrip-tures, marks it as apostate and identical with " that lawless one," and the " beast " which opens its mouth in blasphemy against God. This conclusion, therefore, is as clear as that two and two make four: The substitu-tion of Sunday for the Sabbath of the Lord is the badge of authority of that power which claims to be superior to God, in that it claims to be above his word. Sunday is, therefore, the mark of the beast. A Warning. Against the receiving of this mark the Scripture utters the following warning: "If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb." Rev. 14. 9, 10. Evidently it is not a light thing that the Papacy has done in substituting Sunday for the Sabbath. It strikes directly at the author-ity of God. In no other way could so bold a claim be made to supremacy above God. It is a denial of His supremacy as the one only Law-giver. There are many thousands who have never thought but that in keeping Sunday they were obeying God; it is for the benefit of such that the warning is given, that they may save them-selves from the coming danger. God does not punish any except those who disregard His gracious warnings. It is when men persist in following the traditions of men, knowing that they are contrary to God's word, that they have the mark of the beast so as to be subjects of the threatened punishment. The World Following the Beast. The Scripture says that all that dwell on the earth shall worship the beast, except those whose names are in the book of life. It is only necessary for us to take a glance at the so-called "Christain nations" of earth, in every one of which Sunday laws are a promi-nent feature, to see how nearly universal hom-age to the Papacy, although often unconscious, has become. In the position that the civil authorities and even ministers of the church take in regard to the enforcement of Sunday laws, we see the spirit of the Papacy. When the fourth com-mandment is quoted to a magistrate, so that he can see that the Sunday law is in opposition to it, he will say, "I am here to enforce the laws as they are, whether right or wrong. This is a law of the State, and it must be en-forced." That is to say, "It matters not what God's law may say; the law of the State is above it." That is putting the State above God. A New York minister who has gained a world-wide reputation as a "reformer," Dr. Parkhurst, of anti-Tammany fame, made a typical utterance a few weeks ago, when he said: " The enforcement of the law, and the wisdom of the law, are distinct." " I care very little comparatively what law is on the statute books. But I will fight till I die for the enforcement of such laws as are there." So it is often said that the best way to get rid of a bad law is to enforce it. That is simply to do evil that good may come. But the whole world has a perverted idea of law and duty. Men fancy that they are law-abiding because they will enforce even a bad law, because it is a law of the State, not re-alizing that to enforce a bad law is sin, a violation of the law of God. "INTOLERANT OF EVIL." BY E. J. WAGGONER. AT the fiftieth annual meeting of the Lon-don Y. M. C. A., one of the speakers, the head master of Harrow, said in the course of his address :Š If a Christian would be like Christ, he must be strong and even fierce in character. He must be intolerant of the things that are wrong; he must not suffer them, must not endure them for an instant. Just think what influence might be exercised by this great meeting if we were all resolved that in pub-lic and in private life we will be intolerant, as intoler-ant as Christ was, of things that are evil, and base, and vile. Talk about public men and public opinion! we are public opinion. It is in our power to say, as Christian men and women, what we deem to be right; and depend upon it if we stick to that which we deem to be right in Christ's name, there is no power on earth that can stand against us. Unfortunately that idea is very common. This very statement was highly eulogized by a daily paper that is prominent in the ranks of reform, and most people would read it without thinking of its real tendency, which is the worst sort of persecution. It means that every professed Christian is to make his ideas of right and wrong the standard for everybody else, and then to do the best he can to force others to come to that standard. Of course persons working singly in such a way would accomplish nothing, and would be regarded as nuisances; and so they must unite and agree on certain points, and then by their combined power and influence, compel other people to come to the same standard. There is in human nature enough tendency in that direction, without clergymen teaching it as a Christian duty. The only way in which a man can rightly be intolerant of evil, is to be intolerant of it in himself. The Christian is represented as a soldier, and the Christian life is a warfare, but not against men. " For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh; for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." 2 Cor. 10: 3-5. Jesus Christ is the Lamb of God. He was strong, he resisted even unto blood, striving against sin; but by no means could he be called intolerant. Fierceness is not characteristic of a lamb. He was the light of the world, which means that he enlightened the world in respect to righteousness. He "con- demned sin in the flesh," both by his life and by his words; yet he did not presume to con-demn men. He said, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12: 47. And so he instructed his disciples: " Be-hold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves." Luke 10:3. It is the wolves, and not the lambs, that are intolerant. Christ's followers are simply to bear a plain testimony, leaving the Holy Spirit to impress it upon the people, and the Lord himself to deal with those who will not accept it. This was made very clear by the parable of the wheat and the tares. When the servants of the husbandman told him that tares had appeared in the wheat, and asked if they should root them out, he replied : " Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them. Let both grow to-gether until the harvest; and in the time of the harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them; but gather the wheat 