612 AMCIR.111ICA.NT VOL. 9, M'o. 8. without a break by his impressive delivery and eloquent word-painting; " setting be-fore them the Catholic idea of " church unity." The most notable event to us is President Gardner's statement of the pur-pose of the Churchman's Club, which is made up of " Episcopalian laymen, for the purpose of developing Christian fellowship . . . in our and other churches ; " and of the object of that night's meeting, he said, " We hope to hear a perfectly free and frank statement of their views, given without restraint. . . . We feel that soft words and flattery will be of no inter-est to us who desire to know the true way to Christian unity." And they got their " desire " clear and plain from a Catholic standpoint, " the true way to [Catholic] Christian unity," as we shall see. Bishop Clark said :Š We are most grateful to these gentlemen who have come here to speak to us to-night, and upon whom we have no claim except that we are workers in a common cause, . . . toward Christian unity. So the bishop considers himself with the other so-called Protestant churches to be "laborers" with the Catholic Church in a " common cause toward Christian unity." And as the Cathclic Church boasts that she never changes, and they are looking to her to " know the true way to Chris-tian unity," what kind of a unity will they get ?ŠA Roman Catholic unity and none other. And this is just what the Catholic bishop gave them. After telling them in a very pretty way Christ's desire for unity in the Church, and how Paul labored to this end, he set forth Peter as the rock upon which the Church was built instead of Christ, thus making Peter the foundation of the Church; and Rome, the supreme see, "the see of Peter," from which descended an apostolic line of popes, who were the head of the Church and the center around which all unity exists. As long as all acknowl-edged the headship at Rome things went smoothly on until, as the bishop says, the East separated from the West because the Church would not recognize Constanti-nople as the second see instead of Alexan-dria, which the see of Peter refused to do; and so a division occurred. " Then," said the bishop, " in the sixteenth century, was started a movement by priests. They said that the episcopate of Rome was not essential to the church. Not only two sacraments did they deny, but the presence of the body in the Eucharist. England believed otherwise. Henry VIII. won his title `Defender of the Faith,' for writing in defense of the seven sacraments against Luther and Calvin. . . . Here is the condition of things in the world to-day. From the separations of Germany, Switz-erland and England, there have arisen the many various bodies that are such a cause of grief to the mother church." It is plain to be seen that what is "such a cause of grief to the mother church," is the separation of the East from the West, and the work of Luther and Calvin which resulted in so many throwing off the Roman yoke and becoming free men and women in the Lord Jesus Christ, ac-knowledging him to be their head instead of the pope of Rome. How much Rome has grieved over this and is now making pathetic cry in the ears of Protestants, at their demand too And how long will it be before the daughters will return to the mother, and this Scripture be fulfilledŠ".And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him [the papal beast], whose names are not written in the book of life  of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world " ? Rev. 13: 8. Is there not a need for some one to be proclaiming the three messages of Rev. 14: 6-12 ? which is the preaching of the " everlasting gos-pel," Jesus Christ and him crucified, the power of God " and " the wisdom of God." The only " name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Why does not the Churchman's Club go to Jesus Christ and the Bible to learn the true way to Christian unity in-stead of bowing " the kneo to the power of apostacy " and going to Rome to " know the true way to Christian unity " ? Is not all the world and worldly churches going after the beast, when they call for a World's Columbian Exposition of Reli-gions, and a Catholic cardinal with other leading Catholic dignitaries taking the leading part in the deliberations of the gathering ? Does not this show that all the world is going after the beast, and that too, at the instigation of the churches, as they call for State and national legis-lation in matters of religion ? Surely "Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornica-tion." And the Lord says, "Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." H. J. FARMAN. Church in Politics. MEMBERS of churches and Christian societies are uniting for political action. This spring candidates for election or re-election will have to reckon on the votes controlled by the Christian citizenship campaign movement as well as those of the Democrats and Republicans. While the greater part of these votes will be drawn from the Republican and Demo-cratic parties they will be used solidly for the candidates the movement decides to support. The movement is now well started, and March 4 will see from three hundred to five hundred meetings in its behalf being held in the various churches of the city. For about three weeks the idea has been talked over among the leaders of the different Christian societies. They have become convinced that the only way to secure good officials and good government is to elect clean men for the offices. Cam-paign promises, they declare, have been tried and found wanting. The people who are interested in the movement also claim that the only way to make the politician feel the power of the Christian organiza-tions is through the ballot, and they in-tend to proceed in that direction until a radical change has been worked in mu-nicipal affairs. Edwin D. Wheelock, well known in temperance and religious circles, is one of the prime movers in the organization of the Christian citizenship campaign. He has been working for some time and now reports that about thirty thousand votes would attest to the power of the move-ment next spring. " It is not our inten-tion," said Mr. Wheelock, "to form a new party. We simply organize to stimulate and educate the public conscience in such matters. We understand that no results can be obtained by simply talking. Poli-ticians understand that talk does not put votes into the ballot-box, so before election they smile at what we say and after elec- tion do what they please. We vote for them just the same. The united young people's societies will be the working force of the new movement. At the present time the Christian Endeavor societies, the Epworth League, the Baptist Young Peo-ple's Union and the Young People's Chris-tian Union have promised to join the movement heart and soul. We have not heard from the Young Men's Christian Association or the St. Andrew Brother-hood, but we believe they will assist us. We muster about thirty thousand mem-bers, and I believe that when these begin to work in their homes the number of votes controlled will be much larger. " We will open the campaign on Sun-day, March 4. On that night politics will be the tl,..nae of from three hundred to five hundred prayer meetings which are held in this city. It will be the biggest meeting of its kind ever held. Probably more people that night will hear the plans of the Christian citizen campaign than ever a political speaker addressed in one meeting. The following week probably one hundred meetings will be held in dif-ferent parts of the city. Professors Small, Henderson and Bemis have already prom-ised to take the stump for the campaign. They will be assisted by a large number of students who are interested in the movement. In addition J. G. Wooley and W. T. Mills will make a large number of addresses. "The glee clubs from the different or-ganizations which have joined the move-ment will make the meetings the more attractive with their music. " While a great deal of work will be done at the public meetings I dare say the most effective efforts will be made at home. Wives and daughters will enlist their hus-bands and brothers in behalf of the repu-table candidates. I believe a promise, even a political one, which is made to a wife or sister is much more liable to be kept than if it is made to some stranger. It is from this fact that we believe our strength will be greater than the number of those actu-ally taking part in the movement. "After next spring and after the Chris-tian campaign has been tried we will as-pire to greater things. We aim, in time, to exterminate the saloon, to prevent the election of corrupt candidates and the en-actment of corrupt laws. We want trusty officers to purify and elevate the elective franchise, and to preserve the American Sabbath. These things cannot be secured except through the ballot, and we have made the first step in that direction."ŠChicago Record, Feb. 8. " Go," said the emperor to his courier, " and direct that all those who hold be-liefs at variance with the State be thrown into prison. And, by the way, stop at the treasury department on your way out and intruct my chancellor of the exchequer that the new issue of coins be stamped with the image of Liberty, that thus we may please the populace."ŠKate Field's Washington. Query: Did Miss Field have in mind when she wrote this, the religious bigotry and intolerance manifest-ing itself in this country and to which the Government is lending itself, while at the same time professing to conserve the very liberty of conscience which it is certainly using its influence to destroy; and that at the behest of a small proportion of the people, who, however, assumes to be the populace 