" IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, JULY 21, 1898. NUMBER 28. T be American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. WirAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered i may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who hay-not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE world's peace is maintained by the rule of earthly powers; with the Christian, peace itself is the ruling power. -41 A LEGISLATURE can enact a Sabbath law with exactly the same propriety that it could set about the task of manufacturing rest for the people. t Or  AN ounce of consecration is worth a pound of talent. RELIGIOUS legislation puts law in the place of con-science. No STATE was ever known to be saved by a profes-sion of religion. HUMAN nature and heathenism have been in partner-ship since the fall. No MAN who appreciates liberty desires to withhold any degree of it from his neighbor. THE peace which is needed in this world is not the kind that has to be imposed on people by force. THE Sabbath, as God's memorial, can no more be lost or changed by the acts of men than can the rainbow. JESUS CHRIST is the true rest-giver; but he commands no person to receive it; he only invites men to come to him. THE country has plenty of men who are willing to die for it; what it needs is men who are willing to live for it. THE boy who tries to lift himself by the straps of his boots, is father to the man who thinks people can be ma de better by religious legislation. THE Sabbath day is restful only to him who uses it religiously, as the Creator designed. It is God's rest, and therefore the rest cannot be other than religious. Defining Sin. A PRESS item announces that "By invitation of their General Assembly, the United Presbyterians are to vote in their presbyteries on the question whether the use of tobacco is a sin." But how can the vote of the presbyteries settle the question, any more than a certain Presbyterian vote some years ago settled the question of infant damnation, or than the vote of the papal Ecumenical Council settled it that the pope is infallible? The principle of all such voting is papal and not protestant. The Apostle Paul tells us that he discovered what was sill by means of the law. "I had not known sin, but by the law; for I had not known lust, except the.law had said, Thou shalt not covet." Rom. 7:7. And the Apostle John says also: "Sin is the trans-gression of the law." 1 John 3:4. And that law demands that an individual love the Lord with all his heart, mind, and strength, and his neighbor as himself. Is this consistent with the love of tobacco? We think not. The smoking and chewing of tobacco 