304 A IVEMILEIC. VoL. 8, No. 38. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 28, 1898. inr" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari. able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. OUR " Chicago Correspondence " is ex-ceptionally good this week. Do not omit it. " RELIGIOUS and Civil Liberty in Penn-sylvania," continued in this paper is inter-esting and instructive. It will be con-cluded next week. IF you have neighbors or friends who do not believe that the Catholic Church claims to have changed the Sabbath to Sunday, don't fail to furnish them the numbers of the SENTINEL containing the Catholic Mirror's articles. THE Political Dissenter is so far from agreeing with the Christian Statesman that " Sunday-closing of the Fair has been practically achieved," that it re-marks in a recent issue that " already it is manifest that the battle for the Sabbath [Sunday, the Dissenter means] has been fought to very little purpose." So many orders have been received for the SENTINEL of August 31, containing "A Warning from ' Father ' Chiniquy," that we have had a number of extra copies printed, and can supply probably all that our friends require. Will those who or-dered previously and still desire the papers please renew their orders at once ? THE World's Fair Directors have de-cided not to reduce the fee for admission to the grounds on Sunday. The Fair will therefore remain "practically closed" on Sunday, and the forty thousand or more people who persist in going on that day, many of them, probably, because they cannot afford the time on other days, will continue to pay full price for less than half the show. THE question of closing the Midwinter Fair in San Francisco is getting warm. A paper published in that city remarks that the first nail is not yet driven in the build-ings, and yet the Sunday "clergy already pass resolutions asking the directors to close the Fair on Sundays, and thereby exclude those people who have to toil six days in the week for a living. This is all wrong. Clergymen cannot set themselves up as judges of the conscience of men. If those fanatics had their way every person who refused to believe as they do would be put to death, for they called upon the President of the United States to send troops to Chicago to prevent the sates of  the Fair from being opened on Sunday. The question of morals and conscience should be relegated to moral and religious agencies, and no attempt should be m ade to legislate upon them. Nobody compels those ministers to visit the Fair on a Sunday." THE Nashville Christian Advocate thinks thatŠ The Sabbath question will never find, its proper place in the Nation until its discussion is brought more fully within the realm of conscience. Very true; but how can it ever be brought within the realm of conscience when the Bible Sabbath is disregarded and a man-made institution set up in its stead ? The divine law is the only author-ity that can bind the conscience. It is vain to apply the fourth commandment to Sunday; men know better. THE. Truth Seeker publishes an article entitled, " Everything Christian Trying to Shirk Taxes." The editor ought to know, if he does not, that some of the Baptists and all of the Seventh-day Adventists are opposed to the exemption of Church property from taxation. No. 43 of The Sentinel Library, written by a Baptist and published by Seventh-day Adventists, is an able argument against the exemption of Church property from taxation. Moreover, at the last session of the Seventh-day Adventist General Con-ference at Battle Creek, Mich., February 17 to March 7, 1893, the following pre-amble and resolutions were adopted:Š WHEREAS, In view of the separation which we believe should exist between the Church and the State, it is inconsistent for the Church to receive from the State pecuniary gifts, favors, or exemp-tions, therefore, Resolved, That -we repudiate the doctrine that the Church or other ecclesiastical property should be exempt from taxation, and further, Resolved, That we use our influence in securing the repeal of such legislation as grants this exemp-tion. Everything Christian is not " trying to shirk taxes." THE Soldier, a South Carolina National Reform organ, says :Š Now, brothers of the pulpit and tripod, why not take up your bugles and again sound the alarm until the marshalled hosts of the Lord shall make themselves felt against the Sunday running devil ? It is right to close the Fair; it is wrong to leave the railroads free to grind their employes down to ceaseless toil. One victory should nerve the armies of righteousness for yet further conflict. Rail-roads, newspapers, street cars, and others should be taught the same salutary lesson so painfully learned by the Fair directors. Shall it be done ? This Soldier is in the war, on the field of battle. and in the heat of conflict for victory. Let us hear from the editors and preachers. God calls us to conflict. Who is ready to act ? The friends of a legal Sunday will not be slow to act. Congress having yielded to the demand for legislation looking to the closing of the Fair, will be importuned to enact more stringent measures. The bribe having failed, mandatory laws will be asked for and secured. " As milder  measures fail, the most oppressive laws will be enacted." These words were written long before the controversy about the Fair arose. They are proving true. THOSE who argue that Rev. 1 : 10 refers to Sunday have certainly never compared that text with Isa. 58 : 13; Ex. 20:10, 11; John 1 : 3; and Mark 2: 28. The first of these texts shows plainly that the Lord has a day which he terms " My holy day." The second identifies that day as the sev-enth day. " The seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." The third shows that the Son of God is the Creator of all things, and that, consequently, it was he who rested on the seventh day, and who blessed and sanctified it; while in the fourth, the Saviour himself declares that he " is Lord of the Sabbath day." In the light of these texts it is nothing short of a most unwarranted perversion of scrip-ture to assert that John was in the Spirit on Sunday. THE Washington Post remarks that " we have heard so long and so regularly about the coming European war that one is disposed to pooh-pooh anything like a gloomy view of any situation on that con-tinent, no matter how threatening its superficial aspect. But really it does not seem possible for these taunts and hostile overtures to go much farther without calamitous results. A few more military man ceuvers and naval demonstrations, a little more fist-shaking and face-making and the sparks must fly." THE Russian authorities say to the Jews, " Become Christians or else leave the empire." The authorities of Tennes-see and Maryland say to the Adventists, "Keep Sunday or else get out." We can discern little difference, except that one is said to Jews in Russia, the other, to Chris-tians in America. The principle is ex-actly the same. TITE articles which we are now reprint-ing from the Catholic Mirror are valuable, and every Sabbath-keeper should have at least a few copies of the four numbers containing them to give to his friends and neighbors who do not believe that the Catholic Church claims that it changed the Sabbath. You can get nothing better. The first of these articles was published last week. We print another this week, and there are still two to follow. These papers will be furnished in small quanti-ties at one cent per copy. AMERICAN SENTINEL. .1, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore i uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 4 4 100 to 249 " " " " " - - 75c 44 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c if 500 to 999  if f 4 44 44 - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " - -60e To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, Now York city, 