182' SIYJN9L'INUE4. VoL. 9. No. 23. statement that Sunday labor is immoral on other than religious grounds. But by far the ablest as well as the most numerous authorities have upheld the con-stitutionality of Sunday statutes on purely secular grounds,Šthe power of the legis-lature to forbid labor on one day of the week,Šand expressly state that the ques-tion of morals and religion is not involved at all. Of course all persons know that the Sunday laws have always been based on, and are essentially a part of, the teachings of the Church; but while admitting this fact, they are sustained on other grounds. The following authorities show conclu-sively that there is no moral turpitude in-volved in Sunday labor. In New York it was said that :Š In so far as the business is immoral, the permitted sales are just as immoral as those prohibited. Business transactions which are void, are void not because they are immoral, but because they are prohibited by law. Styles vs. Smith, 12 Wendell, 57. And Judge Thurman, of Ohio, says:Š The act does not, to any extent, rest on the grounds that it is immoral or irreligious to labor on the Sab-bath any more than upon any other day. Bloom vs. Richards, 2 Ohio State, 387. To the same effect are Mahone vs. Cook, 26 Pa., 342; Dale vs. Knapp, 98 Pa., 389; M'Gatrick vs. Newman, 4 Ohio State, 566; L & N. R. R. case, 80 Ky., 291; Sand-storm vs. State, 25 Tex., App. 133. As stated by Mr. Ringgold, " It is safe to say that anything may be done on Sunday that may be done on any other day unless prohibited by statute." Ringgold's "Law of Sunday," 226; Benham vs. Ohio, 12 So. Reporter, 996. That Sunday labor is not immoral, is shown by the fact that Sabbatarians are exempted from the penalties for Sunday labor in many States. Ł There are nineteen States that expressly exempt from the operation of the statutes against Sunday labor, persons who from religious motives keep sacred some other day of the week: Ark. Act. 1884, chap. 45; Conn. 1888, chap. 99; Ill. Rev. Stat. 261; Ind. Rev. Stat., 2000; Iowa Code, sec. 5438; Kans. Gen'l. Stat., 2396; Ky. Gen'l. Stat., chap. 21, sec. 10; Maine Rev. Stat., chap. 124, sec. 223; Mass. Gen. Stat., chap. 28, sec. 13; Mich. Howells Anno. Stat., sec. 2015-22; Minn. Acts, Vol. 2, p. 2984; Neb. Comp. Stat., sec. 241; N. J. Rev. Stat., p. 1227, sec. 33; N. D. Comp. Stat., 6243; Ohio, Rev. Stat., sec. 7033; R. I. Pub. Stat., chap. 244, sec. 18; Va. Code, sec. 3800; W. Va. Code, 'chap. 149, sec. 17; Wis. Anno. Stat., sec. 4596. If Sunday labor is immoral, these States grant the right to certain of their citizens to do that which is immoral, and if a suc-cession of such acts constitutes a nuisance, those States permit nuisances because of the religious belief or acts of the exempted class. California, Idaho, and Arizona have no Sunday laws at all; and if the Sunday nuisance theory is to prevail, they allow as a right the carrying on of that which is a nuisance, without let or hindrance. Other States (Kansas, Nevada, etc.) pro-hibit games, amusements and the like, but allow honest labor on Sunday. These statutes show that in the minds of the leg-islatures of the States, Sunday laws rest not upon moral grounds at all, but are purely religious regulations. A moment's observation will at once show that there is no question of morals involved in Sunday labor. We see street  cars, omnibuses, and other means of travel or transit in cities carried on every Sunday. And so far from regarding it as immoral, there are few people, indeed, who will not patronize them. And should there be one who does not, it is from strict religious scruples. The question of morals is never thought of. The same might be said of the railroads, steamboats, livery stables, news agents, etc., etc. Did the thought ever occur to one that when he buys his Sunday news-paper he is guilty of an immoral act ? or when he takes a car and travels to his place of business in order to be ready on Monday to commence his labors, that he has been guilty of that which, if repeated, becomes a nuisance and indictable as such ? It having been as we claim, demonstrated that there is no question of morals involved in Sunday labor, if then, such labor does not interfere with nor disturb others, a succession of such acts cannot become a nuisance. It follows that as the acts of defendant, in laboring on his farm on Sunday were not immoral in themselves, and as no one was molested, disturbed, or interfered with thereby, the two separate acts or any number of such, did not become a public nuisance. And he is amenable only to the penalty prescribed by the stat-ute, sec. 2289, for having followed his usual avocation on Sunday. In 1890, in the case of R. M. King, this question was again before this court, and without giving any written opinion the decision of the lower court convicting the defendant was affirmed. He afterwards applied to the U. S. Court, Judges Ham-mond and Jackson, for discharge on habeas corpus. Judge Hammond, in an ably written opinion, said that if the question were on its merits before him he would have no difficulty in deciding that King had not been convicted of violating any law. But he dismissed the case on the ground that the courts of the State had jurisdiction to try and determine the case, and having done so, the Federal courts could not interfere with the sentence, however erroneous it might be. Then, in the language of Chief Justice Nicholson, " to hold that labor becomes a nuisance, simply because, it is carried on on Sunday is a perversion of the term nuisance." This is true, . both on prin-ciple and authority, and the defendant if amenable at all to law, could only be pro-ceeded against under the statute. It is a fact, worthy of remark, that if the Sunday law against labor were enforced, the consequences would be destructive to all interests, to an extent not usually thought of. Suppose the railroads, steam-boats, street cars, and all other public carriers were stopped; the sale of papers, books, magazines, etc., punished; livery stables and messengers indicted as nui-sances; and, as was once done in Massa-chusetts, persons were indicted for gath-ering sticks to make fires,Šand all because of the day being Sunday,Šwould not con-sternation spread to such an extent that laws would be speedily passed that would put a stop to such relics of barbarism ? It is also worthy of remark that while the labor as enumerated above, is openly, publicly, and notoriously carried on every Sunday, and has been at all times in the past, there has never 'Yet been a case of a single conviction for Sunday labor in the State since its foundation, except the per-son convicted was a member of the sect known as Seventh-day Adventists; and in  no instance has the labor complained of been such as to molest or interfere with the comfort, well-being, or rights of others. For this reason, the prosecution smacks so strongly of religious persecution, that it should be repelled from the courts. W. L. CARTER, Counsel for Defendant. S. F. WILSON, W. L. CARTER, Counsel for the Defense. - Making Merchandise of Religion. A LECTURE was recently delivered in Holyoke, Mass., which to my mind is worthy of note. The lecturer was sent out by a syndicate of food firms for the purpose of creating a demand by stimulat-ing public sentiment in favor of the foods handled by these firms. The lecturer's method is to reach the " better " classes by giving his lectures under the auspices of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union or the Young Men's Christian As-sociation, or some other popular society. Having secured his audience of the well-to-do, his first step is to create a distrust in the minds of his hearers in regard to food producers in general. Even the honest old farmers of Vermont toiling amid their sugar camps in the Green Mountains are made to appear as unprin-cipled adulterators of the sweet extracts from their woody vales. The lecturer himself appears more hon-orable by contrast and by the very con-tempt which he manifests for such things. He would scorn anything that came short of the highest Christian integrity. Nei-ther was he alone in his views. The firms which he represented were all of them composed of high-toned, honorable, Chris-tian gentlemen. Temperance men; God fearing men; men who respected the Sab-bath. None of their products were man-ufactured or transported upon the Sabbath day. Surely such men were worthy of patronage. Their products cost a trifle more, but you could rest assured that such men would give you only the genuine article. I thought that the fact that the religion of these men, and especially their observ-ance of Sunday was made so prominent a feature of this lecture, and a reason why they should be patronized was significant. J. S. COMIN S Why Exempt "Conscientious" Sev- enth-day Baptists, if Sunday Laws Are not Religious? THE provision in many of the Sunday laws, while adopted in order to do justly, apparently, by Sabbath-keepers, Jews and Christians, is wholly unmeaning and un-just if Sunday be only a "civil institu-tion." Why must one be conscientious in observing the Sabbath, before he can be permitted to do secular business on Sun-day, except that the law assumes that he must be religious on one day or the other ? If Sunday is only a dies non, merely a civil holiday or rest day, why put it on a basis unlike that of Thanksgiving day, Christmas, or the Fourth of July ? These are dies non. This is as far as civil au-thority has any right to go; as far as civil rights demand that it shall go. How far-! cical to demand that before one be per-: mitted to work on the Fourth of July he shall patriotically observe another day! No legislature would think of enacting a 