1/4 Alormatc.ANT s:iniNT IL INT VoL. 8, No. 22. [the land] lay desolate [or idle] she kept Sabbath." By refraining from work on Sunday we virtually acknowledge its sanctity and conform to the laws of an opposing reli-gion. Paul says in Rom. 6 :16 : "Know ye not that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey ? " Now if we obey the laws of Sunday are we not obeying the power that instituted or introduced the observ-ance of the day ? And if that power be the Catholic Church, as both Bible and history show, are we not yielding our-selves servants to the Catholic Church ? I ask then how can we rest on that day holding the position we do ? More than this, the Sabbath command-ment says, " Six days shalt thou labor;" and Eze. 46 :1, shows there are " six working days " recognized by the Lord in his Word. Now if we rest one day we are bound to, and have a God-given right to, work six days. And if we observe the Bible Sabbath, how can we be in harmony with the Bible unless we do work six days which must include Sunday the first day of the week ? It is evident that Sunday laws are reli-gious laws, and as such oppressive. Per-secution is what we can expect. It is use-less to fight technicalities in points of law, as prejudice and bigotry are stronger than the law. We have a higher court of ap-peals. Every lover of liberty should become a student of prophecy, and read in. the blaz-ing headlight of God's Word the events as they occur before us, especially should we study Revelations 13th and 14th chap-ters, and become so well acquainted with the Lord and his Word, that we shall be able to stand the trials and persecutions just before us. E. E. FRANKE. Millington, Md., May 18. Strange Sabbath Observance. REFERRING to the proceedings of the World's Fair on the first Sunday after its formal opening, the New York Mail and Express of May 10, comes out with the blazing heading on the first page, " The Sabbath Was Observed ; " and after stat-ing that the closing rule was rigidly en-forced against all visitors, goes on to say that the Duke of Veragua, his family and suite, after attending mass in the morn-ing, went to Buffalo Bill's performance on the outside of the gates, and sat through the whole performance. If the Mail and Express thinks this was observ-ing the Sabbath, and persists in compel-ling such observance, in order to be con-sistent, it would better employ Buffalo Bill to entertain the visitors who are shut out of the Fair, lest they patronize the saloons and other harmful places. Let us see what is implied in its statement that the Sabbath was observed. It means that if those visitors had been permitted to attend the Fair and had done so, the Sabbath would have been broken and not observed. Hence that idea of the proper observance of the Sabbath is simply non-attendance at the Fair, and this a compul-sory non-attendance. In the first place, the simple staying away from the Fair is not observing the Sabbath, much less a compulsory staying away. In the second place, if simple absence from the Fair is considered as observance of the Sabbath, it must prescribe also what the visitors who are shut out shall or shall not do on the outside of the Fair. In the third place,  Sunday is not the Sabbath at all; there is no sacredness or holiness connected with it, and there could not be such a thing as the Sabbath being properly observed on that day. The facts are that even if Sunday were the Sabbath, and the Duke of Veragua and his suite had stayed at mass all day, or sat in their church pews all day, or attended any religious services or per-formed any religious duty, and had done so because they could not get into the Fair, they would not have come any nearer the proper observance of the Sab-bath than they did by attending Buffalo Bill's performance, or than they would had they spent the day at the Fair. Further, even if it were possible and right to compel the observance of the Sabbath by law, the advocates of such legislation would still fall short of their object because of their mistaken idea of the nature of the Sabbath. In another article, in the same paper, speaking of this closing of the gates, it is said, " It was a great moral victory, and demon-strated the love of the American people for the Sabbath as a day of rest." While it is proper to speak of the Sabbath as a " day of rest," it is not such in the sense that is evidently meant by this expression. The rest of the Sabbath is a spiritual rest, not physical; and while it may not exclude the latter, its design is for spirit-ual refreshment. How is the law going to give any one spiritual refreshment by shutting them out of the World's Fair ? How can the State do it by any other act or series of acts ? ' But this the State must do if it can compel the observance of the Sabbath. The absurdity of attempting such a thing is at once evident. It is a recognized rule in civil government that the sovereignty may not attempt action beyond its own capacity for governing. This precludes the possibility of compul-sory Sabbath observance, even if it were right. The same principle applies in the idea of the State gaining a " moral victory." The State can not enter the field of moral-ity as such. It may legislate on some matters which, from the Christian's point of view are moral questions, not because they are moral, but because civil rights are involved, which must be protected in order that the State may fulfill the ob-ject for which it existsŠto serve and not to rule. Again, the sovereign authority must' cover the whole of its jurisdiction, and every part of the whole; otherwise it immediately degrades itself into class leg-islation, the injustice of which every one will acknowledge. But in allowing the guards at the gates to act in their official capacity on Sunday, and the employs to carry on their work inside the gates, this very principle is involved. The enforce-ment of the law was confined to a cer-tain class called " visitors." Further, it has been decided by the su-preme authority of the land that this is a Christian Nation. If deciding or declar-ing it so makes it so, what need is there of further legislation in the matter, and what is the use of telling Christians they shall or shall not do this or that ? It not only gives the lie to the declaration, but brings in a sort of cumulative 'legislation. In the same issue of the Mail and Ex-press there is a mere passing notice of the imprisonment of a seventh-day ob-server in Chestertown, Md., in which it calls said person " A violator of the Sab- bath law." Saying nothing about this law not being a Sabbath, but a Sunday, law, the State again had to distinguish between what constituted Sabbath-observ-ance and what Sabbath-breaking; namely, issuing and serving a warrant (which was done on Sunday in this case) is Sab-bath-observance, and husking corn for an honest living (the prisoner's offense (?) ), Sabbath-breaking. Where is the equality in freedom ? W. E. HOWELL. Sunday in Italy. IN few countries of Europe the people in general manifest so little interest for Sunday as in Italy. This is because they are left comparatively free to use the day as they please During the papal government it was not so. Then, Sunday laws were quite strictly enforced. Each district was sup-plied with a guarde champgtre who, sta-tioned on a tower from which every part of his district could be seen, watched with spy-glass the movements of the people. Any one thus observed laboring on Sun-day was reported to the authorities and duly punished to make him more reli-gious. In cases of real or supposed necessity permission to work on Sunday could be obtained from the priest. This fact ex-presses much concerning the Papacy and the nature of Sunday. The granting of permission to work on Sunday is on the same basis as the giving of indulgences. By this course the Papacy takes the place of God and even exalts itself above God, for it declares that working on Sunday is sin, and at the same time gives permission to work on this day, and then it is not sin. Thus one and the same thing is sin or not sin, according to the will of the priest. With God sin is always sin. He can not absolve a man at one time from the same sin for which he would punish him at an-other. Thus it is plain that the Papacy exalts itself above God by assuming to do what he can not do and be righteous. Furthermore, in the case of giving per-mission to work on Sunday, it is not the action of the individual, but the will of the priest that makes the accused guilty of sin. This reveals the true nature of Sun-day,Šit is but an institution for exercis-ing tyranny by one set of men over their fellows. Herein, the Sunday institution expresses the essence of the Papacy,Šdenying to men the liberty of the gospel, and subjecting them to the spiritual tyranny of man,Šand hence it is fitly called its mark. Did the strict enforcing of the Sunday laws make the people better, begetting within them lore and reverence for the day ? Not in the least; but we see in Italy just what must always result from forced observance of any religious institu-tion. As soon as the papal rule was over-thrown, and the legal restictions removed leaving the people free to act out what was in their hearts they manifest even less regard for Sunday than if they had not been forced to keep it. Another point worthy of note in the ex-perience of Italy is the fact that the same Sunday laws are still on the statute books, but they are practically a dead letter. Why so ? Because the priests have not power to enforce them; left to themselves the people care nothing about these laws, but leave every one to do as he pleases on Sunday. This shows that the life of Sun- 