21R AMERICAN SRN TINED. the government" in Japan or elsewhere; the connection which they do need is with a spiritual rather than a political source of power. THE anti-canteen law passed some time ago by Con-gress having failed of its purpose, it is proposed now to introduce this bill into Congress and put the question of the canteen beyond possibility of mistake:Š "To prevent the selling or dealing in beer, wine, or any intoxicating drinks in any post exchange or can-teen, or transport, or upon any premises used for mili-tary purposes by the United States. "Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,.  "That the sale of or the dealing in beer, wine, or any intoxicating drinks as a beverage by any person, in any post exchange or canteen, or transport, or upon any premises used for military purposes by theUnited States is hereby prohibited. ".SECTION 2. That the penalty for any violation of this act shall be not less than one hundred dollars and not more than five hundred dollars for each offense." IT is reported that "the natives of the Samoan island of Tutuila, which has fallen to the United States in the partition with Germany, are all said to be devout Christians. When visited by the American ships, not one of them would be induced to come on board on Sunday, but all went to church." A religious journal thinks that "they might well send missionaries to Amer-ica to teach the people Sabbath observance." Their strict regard for Sunday, however, indicates that their Christianity rests more on the word of- the missionaries than on the Word of God. Effort to Make Good Friday a Legal Holiday. RECENTLY a bill was introduced in the legislature of Massachusetts providing for the observance of Good Friday in that State as a legal holiday. We have not learned the result of the effort, but the following reli-gious reasons given in its favor by the Boston Pilot (Catholic), which rest wholly upon the assumptions of the Catholic belief, indicate plainly the unwarrantable ground upon which such legislation is sought:Š "It is difficult to see any ground of objection to this bill, the provisions of which are approved by many Protestant bodies as well as by all the Catholics of the Commonwealth. "All who believe in the divine Christ and his atone-ment for the sins of men on the cross of Calvary should rejoice to see the anniversary of that Supreme Sacrifice marked by abstention from worldly business, and gen-eral opportunity for attendance at devout exercises in the churches. As the closing of liquor saloons is com- pulsory on legal holidays in Massa3husetts, it would be a further satisfaction to right-minded Christians that the chance to desecrate Good Friday by the vice most repugnant to its spirit, should be reduced to the mini-mum." The Week of Prayer for Sunday. ACCORDING to the following published in the Union Signal, we c7mclude that the week of prayer appointed in April is to be turned mostly into an occasion for push-ing the work of "Sabbath reform": "A call has been issued for a week of prayer, to be observed April 22-29. The young people's societies of the various churches, the W. C. T. U., the Y. M. C. A. and all other organizations interested in the preser-vation of the Sabbath are urged to use the week for prayer, public meetings, and the distribution of Sab-bath literature, and especially for a voluntary closing movement, by which all business houses shall be induced to join in Sabbath closing, including the cessation of advertising in the press. The call is signed by the . heads of all the prominent reform and Sabbath obser-vance organizations." Sunday Observance on a Government Transport. THE New York World, of March 30, printed the fol-lowing, which is Confirmed by reports in other papers:Š "The transport `Sedgwick,' formerly the 'Chester,' of the International Navigation Company, arrived from Cuba yesterday with thirteen able-bodied seamen in irons for mutiny. "Last Sunday the transport lay off Gibara and the bo'sun piped all hands to discharge three lighters loaded with clothing. "Edward Tammesen, a well seasoned salt, made this surprising speech:Š "`We all know as how it is agin the regulations on every well-regulated American ship for to perform any kind of unnecessary work on the Lord's day, the same being a day of rest. Aboard this ship thar's a plenty of work every week day. Now the hands don't propose to do a turn towards unloading them lighters unless we gets extra pay for a-violatin' of the Sabbath.' "Tammesen's shipmates applauded and said they would stand by him, but Captain Hendricks clapped thirteen of them into irons, and put them on a diet of bread and water. The remainder of the crew turned to and unloaded the lighters. "The mutinous thirteen were still in irons aboard the transport last night." This transport is a Government, ship, engaged in the business of the Government; and it is strange that such regulations should be put into effect and such treatment accorded these men, if the Government ob-serves Sunday as the secretary of the‚New York Sab-bath Committee affirms in his letter to the Secretary of State which we print on another page. The men would, 