FEB. 28, 1808. AMMELICA-N SENPrickTEL. 61 Fair, its directory and the gentlemen of this committee themselves, as the only motive which could possibly influence them to give this resolution a fair hear-ing. But a number of the other speakers knocked down this house of cards, by de-claring most emphatically that to open the Fair on Sunday would be to lose money. How can greed lead us into a money-losing scheme ? Both arguments can not be good, and you are invited to take your choice, to either declare your-selves the unprincipled money-grabbers which these gentlemen did not hesitate to call you, or to say that you really believe that if the World's Fair were opened on Sunday, no one would attend. Then the diversity of opinion as to the correct way to address a congressional committee, was very marked and very puzzling. Some of them seemed to think that this was a Sunday School Convention and exhorted accordingly, not hesitating to call down upon the patient committee-men, vengeance from on high if special sectarian views did not entirely rule the legislature. Others, however, rebuked their brother ministers for this untimely sermonizing and declared in so many words that " talk about religion was not to the point," and " that Congress "ŠI am quoting hereŠ" is not a tract soci-ety to distribute tracts on religious free-dom." I quite agree with the doctor. It is not a tract society for tracts either on religious freedom or on the fourth com-mandment. Its business is, as he said, to legislate for the rights of the people, and one of our immemorial rights is the right to worship God, each in his own: way, whether in church, in the silence of his inmost soul, or in the vast and impressive display of the highest of God's works, as shown to man. There was presented here the extraordi-nary spectacle of a business man declaring that the argument was one of religious feeling entirely, and of men vowed to reli-gion, declaring that they spoke only from a business point of view. It was as if each distrusted the validity of the argu-ment on the ground wherewith his life work had made him familiar, and believed himself safer on unknown territory. It reminds one of the story of the polyglot American who was said by his German friends to speak beautiful French, and by his French friends to speak beautiful Ger-man. There was not a business man here yesterday but saw the weakness of the business arguments, nor a clergyman but saw the flaws in the theological ones. There was one argumentŠI mean, one bit of vituperation, which, as a Chicagoan, I must really resent, though it is hardly worth while,Šand that is that it would be dishonorable in the city to use the money voted by Congress without accept-ing the condition attached. Now, these gentlemen must know there has been no talk of that. But there is nothing dis-honorable in asking Congress to remove a restriction which greatly decreases the value of its gift. The fact that it has been so petitioned shows that Chicago feels herself uncomfortably bound by her honorable obligations, and would be glad to have them honorably removed. And, Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the committee, was n't it a little hard,Šwere n't you a little humbled,Što hear this reverend body of petitioners " talk down" to you ? There were few of them who had any faith that you would be moved by any high religious or moral considera- tions. Most of them openly scoffed at the idea. And some of these men, pledged by their profession to avoid envy, malice, and all uncharitableness, not only implied the low moral tone of the men they were addressing, but said openly, (I quote ver-batim), that, " all the World's Fair was on the make," and again, that " the milk in the cocoanut was the Sunday fee." Would these gentlemen, whose business it is to uplift the people and the English language, have used these expressions be-fore an ordinarily respectable church au-dience ? But it was evidently considered the sort of thing that congressmen are used to. Moreover, they threatened,Šand of all things,Šthe boycott! The very tactics they preach against from their pulpits. And one man said that " religious boycott was justified by the deep prejudices of the people." I have a profound respect and rever-ence, as all fair-minded people must have, for the man who believes in his religion and stands upon it against the world, but I haye precious little respect for the man who, when he wants to win a worldly ad-vantage, uses a worldly argument, making the admission that the heavenly one is insufficient for practical purposes,Š the man who claims to have faith in prayer, and yet descends to the boycott. I am aware that we who stand for the Sunday opening make a poor show against the several millions of population (not counting families), which each one of these versatile men was able to represent here yesterday. I myself do not claim to represent more than a few hundred thou-sand. I am, perhaps, a little modest in this estimate, but modesty becomes a wo-man,Š if not a clergyman. [Laughter.] Joking aside, I know that we can not possibly make as good a showing as some church societies, and the reason is that we are not organized as they are. The great mass of liberal and thoughtful people all over the country are not so or-ganized that they can act as one before such a committee, but their numbers may be, nay are, even greater than those con-tained in the societies here represented. They are simply quiet and tolerant private citizens, who are for the most part rather amused that any one should be intolerant. But while this organization of the evan-gelical churches gives them an advantage in being able to present petitions and speakers, it is, gentlemen, a danger. Our forefathers foresaw the danger of an or-ganized minority coercing an unorganized majority and forbade this country a stand-ing army; there is as much danger, or, as the history of religious persecution shows, more danger, in the interference of an organized body of churchmen in the af-fairs of the State, than in a standing army. Nothing can so undermine the liberty of a people as a belief that there is but one road to salvation, which all must walk, if not willingly, then by force. Did you notice the little remarks about Sunday traffic and Sunday mails, yester-day ? Logically, if the arguments of these deluded leaders be held as valid for the closing of the World's Fair, they must be held as valid against Sunday trains. Who seriously supposes that Congress would ever think of suppressing Sunday travel because of the religious prejudices of the people, whatever the Society of Christian Endeavor might say ? Why, such an attempt would bring about a revo-lution, which shows what is the real senti-ment of the vast bulk of the people. I am a Chicagoan, and might possibly prove the fact by being a little boastful and claiming the earth ; but I do not think Chicago, nor even my loved country, mar-shals under its banner all Christianity. In other Christian countries the art gal-leries and exhibits are open on Sunday, and when, as one of the speakers yester-day averred, during the last Paris exposi-tion the American exhibit was closed on Sunday, the French Government thought the matter of sufficient importance to enter a protest. Shall we, when we invite the world's nations to be our guests, reflect upon their religious observances, and force them, in company with the immense con-tingent not represented by the gentlemen who spoke yesterday, to accept Puritan institutions or be banned as unchristian ? Shall we do all in our power to force them into a religious form against their wills ? If these nations had heard some of the de-nunciations hurled against "the decaying unsabbatarian governments," they would not feel that we had been courteous or fair, and might not unjustly assume that they had been lured hither with the World's Fair as a gigantic bait that they might be converted to the Christian En-deavor Society. Gentlemen, I am myself a Christian woman, and, after yesterday, I am almost tempted to explain what I mean by that word, for the Mosaic law is not to me all comprehensive, but I follow Christ's in-terpretation of this same vexed question, and would keep the Lord's day in the spirit of him who picked corn and healed the sick, and was rebuked by the reformers of his own time, and believe with the di-vine Teacher before whom we all bow, "that man was not made for the Sabbath, but the Sabbath for man." Religious Legislation a Curse. [The Chicago Herald of January 22 has this report of a sermon which touches the real point of the Sunday-closing discussion.] REV. L. C. RANDOLPH, pastor of the Seventh-day Baptist Church, delivered an interesting sermon on " Congress and Sunday-closing of the World's Fair," in the lecture-room of the First M. E. Church, at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Rev. Mr. Randolph said in substance :Š " The practical question before us to-day is not whether Sunday is the Sabbath : or whether, providing it is, the Fair is a good place for a Christian to spend the day, or even whether it would be better for the Fair to be open or closed on that day. The question is : ' What ought our national Government to do about it ? ' " Religious legislation is opposed to the constitution of our natural rights, to the Constitution of these United States, to the progress of mankind, and to the precepts of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Sunday-closing amendment passed by Congress is religious legislation. Brethren, I am op-posed to Sunday laws; not because they are Sunday laws. I would be just as much,  opposed to Saturday laws. " What is a government for, anyway? Is it to make people good ? No. It spurpose is to secure its citizens in the enjoyment of their rights. It is to protect the weak from oppression and wrong. The State has the right to say to the saloon-keeper : `You must not sell whisky to that man.' Why? Not because the State proposes to compel the man to be temperate and vir-tuous, but because the whisky makes him.  