THE A1\/1 E.RICAN SENTINEL. 291 is to seek by the agency,  of divine grace and truth to bring men into right spiritual relation with God and one another, to , prepare —them thereby for happiness and glory in the life to come. The authority of the State is secular. It is not in the remotest degree spiritual. The solitary function of the State is to protectmen in, the exercise of their natural rights. By natural rights, I mean those pertaining, to life, liberty and property. This conception of the relations between Church and State is one for which Baptists have battled and suffered  through centu-ries: of despotism and persecution.., They were the first to champion the cause of liberty,. and in the progreSs of the fight theY have, held :their places, in the front rank of Crist's army and have 'been the . . .  .greatest sufferers. . . . 4.avp said the function of the State is liMited to the pro-tection of life, liberty, and property. If the duty of.the State:  is to protect hUrnan it follOws that the State has the right to ,enact laws that will prevent the de-struction of human life. . . . Now these are, statements which no honest man in his right mind will controvert. And when we admit that the 'State has these rights and ought to exercise them, we commit ,ourselves i to the principle that it is the right and duty of the State to for-bid 'the sale of intoxicating liquors except for imodicinal and mechanical purposes. -Political demagogues have attempted_ to mislead us by saying that. the State, in legiSlating-upon the subject, has trespassed on the domain of religion. They know,  as well as we do, that it is - doing more to shorten human life than any.other cause. They know, as' -.well .as  -we do, that when the-:State prohibits the traffic it is simply fulfilling its obligation to protect the lives of the people. - . Ł . We cannot afford to receive help from the :State in building our houses of wor-ship. The :principle is wrong. The-money which the Church appropriates to this purpose is: taken- partly from -the pockets of people who do not believe. in the Chris-tian religion. They are thus compelled by civil power to support an institution- in which they have no interest; and for which they have' no sympathy. It is not only an injustice to therri, but an- injury inflicted upon us and our Cause: Churches that: -are Ł supported' by the State, rather than by the free offerings of the people, lose their spirituality, cease to be aggres-sive; and degenerate. into -the deadness of Ł the Coldest formalism. The appointment Of chaplains to Con- gress, to the Army and Navy, and to our State Legislatures, is a custom - which strikes at the 'very -first principles -of free governMent. Any man must see that this signifies more' than the protection of the_ -Christian religion. It is patronage. These chaplains are appointed by' the Govern-ment, they are paid by the Government, and they 'are responsible to the -Govern- ment for the manner in which they per-form their official duties. We are bound to admit that the Government can just as consistently appoint a Mohammedan or a Buddhist to a chaplaincy in the Navy as a Presbyterian or a Baptist. It is a viola-tion of the organic laws of the Republic, and an outrage upon the sacred right of conscience to appoint either. If there is one man more than another who needs the benefit of public worship, it is the average congressman; but it is not the duty of the Government to provide for him this spiritual help. Let members of Congress take money from their own pockets to support the men whom they choose to lead them in the morning devotions, and let the officers and privates of the Army do the same. " Bible Readings for the Home Circle." THIS is the title of a book which we find denounced by the American Sabbath Union, in the " Pearl of Days " column of the Mail and Express, of May 9. The denunciation of this " dangerous " thing was written by Rev. James S. Mott, one of the Vice-Presidents of the American Sabbath Union; indorsed by the Rev. J. H. Knowles, Secretary of the Union, and printed in the " Pearl of Days," the organ of the Union. Therefore it is strictly official. Speaking of the title of the book, Mr. Mott says :- Such is the winning title of a book which is being pushed throughout our country with all the energy that the book canvasser can exercise. And yet we have never examined a work in which a good title has been employed in a more uncandid way to inculcate pestiferous doctrines. We should be led to expect a volume of devotional articles, and such presentation of divine truth as is currently accepted by evangelical churches. Indeed ! Is it true then that nothing can be properly presented in this country as Bible doctrine, or as from the Bible, except it be such a presentation of divine truth as is " currently accepted by the evangelical churches ? " In other words, is only that divine truth which is currently accepted by evangelical churches ? Are the evangelical churches the divinely ap-pointed interpreters of the Bible in all that it means ? Has it come to this that whatever of the Bible or about the Bible is printed and distributed that is not ac-cepted by the evangelical churches, must be denounced as "dangerous" and " pestif erous ? " Mr. Mott says :- The preface declares "we let the sacred volume stand as its own witness, massing its testimony on the various subjects presented." When we had read this blast of the American Sabbath Union, we sent and got a copy of the book, as doubtless most people will do who see it, and the very first place we opened, we found the fol-lowing on " The New Birth," page 117:- 1. What is the natural condition of the human family ? " For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." Rom 3 : 23. 2. Who alone will be permitted to see God ? "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." Matt. 5 : 8. 3. Can man, by his own exertions alone, change his condition ? "Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots ? then may ye also do good, that are accustomed to do evil." Jer, 13: 23. 4. How, then, can one be brought to God ? " For Christ also hath once suffered for sins the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God." 1 Peter 3:18. Turning back just two leaves we find the heading, " Repentance," under which we have this :- 1. To whom is repentance to be preached ? " And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations." Luke 24: 47. 2. Who are called to repentance ? " I come not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." Luke 5:32. 3. How is one to know he is a sinner ? "By the law is the knowledge of sin." Horn. 3: 20. 4. Is this a universal rule ? " We have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin." Verse 9. 5. How are sinners convinced of sin ? " But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors." James 2: 9. 6. What part does the Holy Spirit act in this work ? "For if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you. And when he is come he will reprove the world of sin." John 16: 7, 8, 13, 14. 7. What will be the inquiry of those who are thus convicted ? "Men and brethren what shall zvefdoP " Acts 2:47. 8. What reply should always be returned to this inquiry ? " Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins." Verse 38. Under the heading, " The Divinity of Christ," we find this, page 255:- 1. How does the great Apostle speak of the Lord Jesus ? "God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory." 1 Tim. 3:16. 2., How does Christ himself speak of his relation to the Father ? " I and my Father are one." John 10:30. 3. How does he show what he means by being " one with the Father " ? " And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one as we are." John 17:11, 12. 4. Did Christ exist before he was manifested in the flesh ? "And now, 0 Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was." Verse 5. 5. How came he in the world as a Saviour 7 "And the angel said unto them, fear not; for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord." Luke 2:10, 11. Under the heading, " Importance of Prayer," we find the following, page 324 :- 1. What is the Scripture injunction in regard to prayer ? "I would therefore that men pray everywhere, lifting up holy hands, without wrath or doubting." 1 Tim. 2: 8, 