12 en-1k AMERICAN SENTINEL. tions should give place to those directly and form-ally religious one, day in seven, and that all activi-ties on his holy day should be made to subserve their spiritual interests. Judging from the whole tenor of Mr. Milligan's article, it seems that he does not mean what a strict analysis of the above language would convey. Yet nevertheless in his zeal to maintain their existing Sun-day laws he has inadvertently uttered an important truth. Does he mean it when he says " It is the duty of the people not to let pass this opportunity of telling the city, council that it went beyond its powers when it asked the people to legislate upon matters which God settled long ago for the good of men," etc.? If the principle he states is correct, then when Toronto made her first Sunday law was when the wrong was committed. If God enjoins the observance of a day, nothing is added to it by enforcing, it upon men by civil law.. This is a cardinal point that should never he lost sight of. In giving man his time God reserved to himself the seventh day to be devoted to him and his worship. Civil law can only enforce idleness on that day. It can neither put religion or wor-ship in it. Worship can only come from the individual who renders it of his own choice and from will. A man's time is his own, barring the exception of the seventh day, and that is a claim God alone has on him, and to be settled be-tween him and God and not between him and the State. And Mr. Milligan stated a great truth in the above quotation, if he only means what he says. The Time Is Already Past. As long ago as 1843 Rev. George B. Oheever, of New York, in a lecture on..  Bunyan's " Pilgrim's Progress," said :Š Almost every sect in turn, when tempted by the power, has resorted to the practice of religious per-secution . . . Bunyan was the first person in the reign of Charles II. punished for the crime of nonconformity . . . ,any palliation which could be resorted to, for the purpose of justifying an. English hierarchy for shutting up John Bunyan in prison, would justify a Romish hierarchy for burning Latimer and Ridley at the stake. Strange that the lesson of religious toleration should be one of the last and hardest, even for liberal minds, to learn. It cost long time, instruction, and dis-pipline, even for the disciples of Christ to learn it; and they never would have learned it had not the infant Church been cut loose from the State, and deprived of all possibility of girding the secular arm with thunder in its behalf. John had not learned it when he would have called down fire from heaven to destroy the Samaritans; nor John, nor his followers, when they forbade a faithful saint (some John Bunyan of those days), from cast-ing out devils, because he followed not them. And they never would have learned it had the union of Church and State been sanctioned by the Saviour. . . . Who does not see that toleration itself, ap- plied to religion, implies the assumption of a power that ought not- to exist, that is in itself tyranny. It implies that you, an earthly authority, an earthly power, say to me so condescendingly, I permit you the exercise of your religion. You permit me ? And what authority have you to permit me, any more than I to permit you ? God permits me,  God commands me, and do you dare to say that you tolerate me ? Who is he that shall come in between me and God, either to say yea or nay ? Your toleration itself is tyranny, for you have no right to meddle with the matter. But whenever Church and State are united, then there will be meddling with the matter; and even in this coun-try, if one particular sect were to get the patronage of the State, there would be an end to our perfect religious freedom. . . . If you make noncon-formity a crime, you are therefore a persecuting Church, whether your name be Rome, or England, or America. The Church of America is almost mov-ing the world in its present attempt to fix in the, fundamental law of the land, the acknowledged legal decree that that which it declares sin is a civil crime. In the matter of remission of taxes, and ap-propriations for denominational Indian schools, the Church has obtained the patronage of the State; and in many in-stances the Church has subsidized the civil law to enforce a penalty uponŠwhat is according to its interpretation--sin. The time is already far passed toward which this clear minded thinker pointed the finger of warning. W. H. M. The Third Annual Session of the American Sabbath Union.' THE American Sabbath Union held its third annual session at Des Moines, Iowa, December 16 and 17. Delegates were present from several of the States, Col. Elliott F. Shepard, President of the Union, Dr. Herrick Johnson, Rev. J. P. Mills, J. H. Knowles, and President Blanchard, being among the number. Rev. Mr. Crafts, who claims the credit of having originated the orginization in the Methodist Church, seems to have been entirely, divorced from it and was not present. The attendance was much better than at any previous meeting and a great deal of enthusiasm was manifest throughout, as their favorite themes were discussed. It was very ap-parent that the main object for which they are working, at the present time, is to secure the closing of the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. Three-fourths of all the addresses bore directly or in-directly upon this subject. The matter was presented ostensibly from a civil stand-point, yet the moral influence of Sunday closing came in for due consideration. Dr. Johnson gave the opening address, his subject being "Sunday Opening of the Columbian Exposition." He argued the following points : First, It is contrary to all World's Fair precedents. Second, It would be against the best morals and tra-ditions of our national life. Third, It is against the consciences of 10,000,000 church members. Fourth, It would be a national humiliation for us to put our American Sabbath in the back yard and bring to the front that mongrel, bastard thing, called the European Sunday. Fifth, It would be a fearful menace to social order. Sixth, It would be taking the down grade for labor when Europe is starting on the up grade. Seventh, It would be the enforcing of labor upon a whole army of Sabbath workers. Eighth. It will prove another strong link in the chain that will turn over the workingman,,  bound hand and foot, to those who would work them three 1pandred and sixty-five days a year. Ninth, It would be selling the Lord's Day for a few pieces of silver, . not less the Lord himself. The readers of THE SENTINEL have been shown the fallacy of such positions many times. Dr. Thompson, of California, followed in an address bearing upon the same sub-ject, but presented no arguments that would be new to the readers of this jour-nal. " Observations Abroad as Relating to Conditions at Home," was the subject of a paper read by the Hon. J. F. Lamb, of Wisconsin, from which he gave his obser-vations of fifteen continental Sundays while on a visit to the Old World. Hon. L. S. Coffin, Ex-Railroad Com-missioner of Iowa, spoke on the Sabbath and laboring men. Quite a good deal of attention was given to the consideration of laboring men in regard to the Sunday question, and much fervor was manifested in talking about the Sunday slavery of the toiler for his daily bread. Yet, while these advocates for Sunday laws are thus canting in regard to the oppressing of labor on Sunday, the laboring man himself is not raising a single cry along this line; and when he does speak it is generally to say that he wants to have his freedom to work or play or do as he pleases on Sunday, without the interference of any straight-jacket Sunday laws. Some of the stand-ard resolutions were passed, reaffirming the strength of the Anierican Sabbath Union, urging the people to labor for their promulgation, asking the co-operation of all labor organizations, commending the President of the United States for his order that the inspection of the army hereafter be held on secular days, urging that the presidential inauguration be held on the first Wednesday in March instead of the fourth day of March, which some-times comes on Sunday, demanding that the Exposition at Chicago in '93 be closed on Sunday, etc. Dr. Knowles spent quite a little time, during one meeting, in telling the Conven-tion how devoted the committee and leading men of the American Sabbath Union were in their supplications to God for divine guidance in all their labors. He said that they never had a committee meeting, 'even amid the busy scenes of Park Row, New York, where their head office is located, without opening and closing each meeting with prayer, and when they were on their way to Chicago last summer to petition the Commissioners of the World's Fair to close its gates on Sunday, he said they even prayed earnestly while on -the train, that the Lord would give them success. 