0110.keiiir 14:11:11 91 rtOrliT1210.111.111121=11 1311:1156911111.1 IIIIjII~IIIWIi;i J ii I,.. Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. v())Lumch 5. NEW YORK, JUNE 12, 1890. NUMBER 24. Aineifican Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PA-WM PRESS. PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, 0. P. BOLIMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. "'PRE Protestants and Catholics of NeWbUrYpert, MassachuSetts;" says the Converted Catholic, " are quarrelling over the saloon 'license. Through the efforts of a secret society all the licenses for that town have been granted to so-called Prot-estants, and Father Teeling, the Roman Catholic priest, has protested against this unfair discrimination." This item illus-trates the impropriety of calling Protest-ants' all who are not Catholics, and of denoMinating Christian all who are neither Mohanamedan nor Pagan. Of course, as the Converted Catholic remarks, these people who have received license to sell liquors are not members of any Protestant church, but it is just as proper to call them Protestants as it is to call Christians hundreds. Of thousands who are so called. ANOTHER evidence that the workingmen are not crying so loudly for Sunday laws, and that they are not complaining so bit-terly of the Egyptian bondage and slavery of being forced to work on Sunday as the Sunday-law advocates claim, is furnished by the Chairman of the Committee of Arbitration in the great Chicago strike which was settled lately: In that, there was no call by the workingmen for the stoppage of Sunday work, there, was no complaint about being required to work on' Sunday, no demand whatever for any release from Egyptian bondage, nor Sun-day !labor. There was just this provision in the settlement .with regard to Sunday : "Sunday work will be paid for at the rate of .4ouble time:" That is, wherever men work on Sunday, they are to have double wages over work done on other days. It is probable that pay for Sunday work has  not always been at the rate of double the pay for work on other days; but nearly always more is paid for work on Sunday than on other days. However, whether that be so or not, it is certain that the workingmen are not nearly as anxious about the question of Sunday labor, as the Sunday-law preachers are. The Rights of the People. IT is remarkable how everything in the way of State or legislative action is run-ning more and more to the theory of force. Even now it has reached that stage where it is demanded that the peo-ple shall be forced to be religious, forced to be English, forced to be educated, forced to vote, and there is no knowing what next will come, nor where it will end. By Sunday laws and the Bible in the public school the people are all to be forced to be religious. By such as the Bennett law in Wisconsin the people are all to be forced to be English. By a com-pulsory voting law Governor Hill of this State, as a leading executive, and David Dudley Field, a leading lawyer, propose that all the people shall be forced to vote. This theory is subversive of the Ameri-can principle of government which is the only true principle of civil government. The American principle of government is the principle of rights not force. This Government is a government of rights, not a government of forceŠa government for proteCtion, not compulsion. " Oh," it is said " we fully recognize that. We do not propose for an instant to take away anybody's rights. We simply propose to compel everybody to exercise his rights." But, the moment that government assumes the authority to compel a person to exer-cise his rights, that moment it robs him of all his rights. For who is to compel the minority to exercise their rights ?ŠThe majority of course. But if the ma-jority may compel the minority to exer-cise their rihts, then that majority have the equal right to compel the minority to exercise those rights as the majority  say. Such a proceeding annihilates con-stitutional government, and substitutes only the government of the mob. The very idea of a constitution is sacredly and safely to guard the rights of the minority against even the slightest encroachment of the majority; whether it be in an at-tempt to say that any person shall exer-cise his right, or an attempt to say how he shall exercise it. Any claim of the right to compel a per-son to exercise his rights necessarily car-ries with it the right to say how he shall exercise them. All this compulsion that is now advocated is claimed to be for the good of the State; it is claimed to be essential to the peace and safety of the State; that is of the majority. It would be absurd to compel a person to exercise a right and then leave him free to exercise that right to the detriment of the State. It would be suicidal to compel people to exercise their right to vote and then leave them free to exercise it in such a way as to overturn the power that does the compel-ling. It is destructive, rather than pre-servative, of the peace and safety of the State to compel people to rest and at the same time leave them free to hatch mis-chief. Therefore any claim of right to compel anybody to exercise his rights nec-essarily involves the claim of right to compel him to exercise them in a certain way. And that is only to rob him of his rights and his freedom altogether. It is true that force is the only power at the command of a civil goverment. But the only proper use that can ever be made of it is for protection. It is not to be used to compel a solitary individual to exercise his own rights ; but to compel all to rec-ognize, and not to infringe, the rights of others. Every person in the United States has the natural right to rest, and to worship, and to be religious, and to speak English; and many of them have the political right to vote. Every person has the right to exercise those rights. And every per-son has an equal right not to exercise those rights. 