262 AMERICAN SENTINEL. aspects by its most widely circulated organs. It is no wonder that this provokes the state to hostility and reprisals. The condition is an extremely sad one." And it would be sadder still if the government sub-mitted to the decrees of the church without a protest. The Independent then proceeds to justify secular government, as follows:Š "Why is it that we have here utter peace between church and state, while France has war, and Great Britain has, constant disturbance? The reason is a simple one. In this country the church tells the state that it will have none of its help, and so none of its interference. . . . There will be no real peace any-where between the two so long as either meddles with the functions of the other. Just now the Duke of New-castle, a leader of the English Ritualists, declares that the only remedy for the restraint they suffer is through disestablishment. He is right, and so becomes the ally of all Free Churchmen. Ritualists in the Anglican Church ought to be allowed to do foolish things, such as the use of incense, and to hold and teach unreasonable things, such as, the real presence of the body and blood of Christ in the bread and wine of the sacrament. ThPy should have the right to be wrong, and the restraint of their religious freedom is a tyranny. So in France, long as the state supports the church, and so many sorts of church, Christian and Jewish, it will have a fight with the church. A complete severance is the only way to peace." Sunday Observance Leagues. 'THE movement for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance in this country, which is being pushed by the religious organizations engaged in the promotion of moral reformsŠas they view themŠhas taken the form in some cities of "Sunday Observance Leagues," which aim to bring pressure upon Sunday desecrators both by the enforcement of Sunday laws, and by the boycott wherever this weapon can be made effective. The fol-lowing from the Richmond, Va., Times, of recent date, describing a meeting of the Sunday Observance League of that city, gives a fair idea of the nature and working of these organizations:Š "The pastors and laymen of the city interested in the organization of the Sunday Observance League of Richinond and vicinity, met last night in the Assembly Hall of the Smithdeal Building, at Ninth and Broad Streets. "The meeting was called to order by the chairman, Mr. Eugene C. Massie, who called upon Rev. Dr. William S. Campbell to invoke God's blessing upon their meeting and work. "The minutes of the last meeting were read by Mr. G. M. Smithdeal, secretary of the meeting, in which con-nection he read the constitution as discussed at that time, but not adopted. "Upon the adoption of the constitution there was much discussion and several amendments offered. Rev. .Mr: Goodwin, of St. John's, moved the adoption of the  constitution as amended, but Mr. Campbell asked that the section of the constitution which stated the object of the league be read, to which he offered an amend-ment, striking out that section which stated that' its object should be to enforce the observance of Sunday as a civil institution, and stated that if the enforcement of the existing laws be the only object of the league he feared it would not succeed. "The citizens of Richmond,' said Mr. Campbell, `should be educated to a proper observance of the Sab-bath. The officers do not do their duty now, because they are, not backed by public opinion. We will not,' he continued, `accomplish a great deal if we restrict ourselves to the enforcement of presmt law, and to se-curing necessary legislation for the proper observance of the Sabbath as a civil institution.' "Mr. R. E. Gary took the other side of the question, and said that he thought it better to stand on the basis of enforcing the law. 'The law,' said he, 'is 'the only thing we can enforce, and if we succeed in doing that it will be enough.' "Rev. Mr. Goodwin agreed with Mr. Gary. He said: `You cannot find three men Who will agree as to how the Sabbath should be observed. That question must be left to a man's conscience and for him to decide. We can organize this league, but cannot dictate to any man what he shall do on Sunday.' "'Let the league,' he concluded,,'enforce the civil Sabbath, but each member use his influence on his neigh-bor for the proper observance of the day.' "Mr. Oampbell's attention was 'called to the fact that the constitution contained the provision that each member should use his influence to the end that the Sab-bath be properly observed. Mr. Campbell stated that he had overlooked that provision, and that that was exactly what he desired; consequently he withdrew his amendment. A BOYCOTT PROPOSED. "Mr. Thomas C. Diggs said that he was in favor of circulating a petition asking the citizens to withhold their patronage from those places of business which kept open on Sunday, and that 'he thought extraordi-nary means should be resorted-  to by the league in ac-complishing their object. 'I know,' he said, 'that I am speaking for a lost cause, but I do not think we should be content to enforce the law and go no farther. We should arouse the people and show them a better way to keep the Sabbath by circulating literature, holding mass meetings, and interesting the people.' "What if we do enforce the law? We can only close a man's shop and put him in jail possibly, but that should not be the whole aim of our league.' EXCURSIONS TABOOED. "Mr. T. W. Wood spoke in regard to' Sunday excur-sions, and went on to say that only the other day he was talking with a city official, who said that the officers were willing and able to carry out the law, but that the courts would not sustain them. "Mr. Campbell was appointed a committee of one to have a thousand copies of the constitution, printed, and to mail a copy to each and every pastor in Richmond and vicinity, with the request that they read the same to their congregations, and appoint from theirchurches a committee of five to solicit members for the league." 