TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the "Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. Dm R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Ws. 1VI. 1VIErtwim OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. ROSEMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies "by hand." D. W. McCounr. JULY 6, 1893. .A.M1H,iL IC. AN g.i_ANT11[11N1H_Jr,. 15 THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM  HEALTH FOODS. 11.Ł-ŁŁŁŁŁ.al For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit cf its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year MO t e than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. G r a n o I a, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mich, RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. The Religious Liberty Library is a monthly pub-lication (with occasional extras) published by the International Religious Liberty Association. The following numbers have been issued:Š No. 1. Due Proeesss of Law and the Divine Right of Dissent.. An interesting and instructive work upon the " Process of Law," " Christianity and the Common Law," " Individual Right of Religious Belief," "The Divine Right of Dissent," etc., in review of Judge Hammond's de-cision in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price 15 eta. No, 2. Religious Intolerance in the Republic. A lucid and vivid portrayal of recent persecutions in Tennessee, written by the editor of the Arena. 16 pages. Price 2 cts. No. 3. Church and State. A timely docu-ment upon the origin of Church and State union, with the arguments and excuses for Sunday laws exempting church property from taxation, laws against blasphemy, religious tests, etc., all well considered. By James T. Ringgold, of the Balti-more Bar. 60 pages. Price 10 cts. No. 4. The National Sunday Law. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough catechism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price 25 cts. No. 5. Sunday Laws in the United States. Their groundlessness and unconstitution-ality exposed. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. 6. The Captivity of the Republic. A Report of the Hearing on the Sunday Closing of the World's Fair, before the House Committee on Columbian Exposition, Jan. 10-13, 1893. 128 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 7. Appeal and Remonstrance. Reso-lutions adopted by the General Conference of the Seventh-day Adventists, Feb. 24, 1893, with docu-mentary evidence attached. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. S. Appeal from the U. S. Supreme Court Decision making this a "Christian Nation." A Protest. A review of the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States declaring that " this is a Christian nation; " a powerful protest against the union of Church and State involved in this decision; also the subsequent act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and how it was secured. The work contains the text in full of this remarkable decision of the U. S. Supreme Court. By A. T. Jones, Editor AMERICAN SENTINEL. 86 pp. Price 15 cts. No. 9. Shall Religion be Taught in the Public Schools? A lucid exposition of both the unconstitutionality and impracticability of con-necting religion with our public school educational system. 12 pages. Price 2 cts. No. 10. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question. Is the Prohibition of Poly-gamy Religious Legislation? This tract is a dis-passionate arraignment of polygamy as an invasion of natural rights, and a logical defense of the right of every man to keep any day or no day as a season of rest snd worship. 20 pages. Price 21 cts. Annual subscription to the Library, $1.00. AddressŠPACIFIC PRESS PUB. Co ., 43 Bond St., New York City. EAGLE BRAND Is unequaled for House, Barn, Factory, or Out-Buildings, and costs half the price of shin-gles, tin or iron. It is ready for use, and easily applied by any one. Send stamp for sam- ples, and state size of roof. Address, EXCELSIOR PAINT AND ROOFING CO., DEPT., 9, 155 DUANE STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y. "EVERYBODY'S LAW BOOK" Is the title of the new 768 page work prepared by J. Alexander Koones, L L. B., member of the New York Bar. It Enables Every Man and Woman to be Their Own Lawyer. It teaches what are your rights and how to maintain them. When to begin a law suit and when to shun one. It contains the useful information every business man needs in every State in the Union. It contains business forms of every variety useful to the lawyer as well as to all who have legal business to transact. Inclose two dollars for a copy, or inclose two cent postage stamp for a table of contents and terms to agents. Address, Benj. W. Hitchcock, Publisher, 385 Sixth Avenue, New York. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. 4  A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. 54 It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions Of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- da. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled' differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Editor. A twenty-four page monthly journal, devoted to the various phases of medical missionary and be-nevolent work. It contains each month also arti-cles of general interest on mission fields, and items of missionary intelligence. Each number is illus-trated. Published by the S. D. A. Medical Missionary and Benevolent Association. Price 25 cents per year. Address Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich. THE 