AMERICAN SENTINEL. 477 PROBABLY there is no prouder woman in the United States to-day than Mrs. Sallie Hobson, mother of the young lieutenant from Alabama, who so distinguished himself in connection with the military operations before Santiago. What mother is there who could see her son so honorably recognized by the nation without feeling a pardonable pride stirring within her to the deepest depths. * THE fame which has cast so bright a luster upon the name of the young naval officer, serves to call attention to the mother as an example of the truly successful wo-man. We do not mean that success in this case consists in the military exploit which was so daringly performed in the harbor of Santiago. The success was achieved before that, in the training which resulted in the forma-tion of a strong, virtuous, manly character. The tragic incident under the city's battlements only served to throw the light of publicity upon the character which stood back of it. It did nothing to make that character; the character was made long before by the mother's training. WE mention this because there have come forward at the present time certain new ideals of womanhood and of patriotism which may well be challenged before being received into favor. We have to-day before us the "new woman." No definition or description of her need be fur-nished to any intelligent observer; examples of the new genus are too numerous to require that. The develop-ment of the "new woman" means that the former type was not, under any circumstances, a full success. Some-thing more was needed before such success in the sphere of womanhood could be realized, and the "new woman" represents the reaching out for this further attainment. So it appears from the point of view of a certain class of the people. MRS. HOBSON is not an example of the "new woman;" no doubt can exist on this point. Yet what higher type Of woman has civilization developed? What higher type has been furnished by the "new" ideal of womanhood? What higher type, indeed, does the nation need? In this we take into account the fact that the highest training is that which trains the character for God; but in this training the foundation is laid in the inculcation of manly  principles,Šin the development of love for justice, mercy, and truth. THE old ideal for woman is reached through mother-hood. The new ideal is attained by a different way. While not professedly antagonistic to the old, its essen-tial opposition to it is instinctively felt and recognized. The "new woman" and the woman whose chief claim to recognition is her well trained children are not expected to be one and the same person. The "new woman" is expected to make a name directly for herself, by her own achievements in fields hitherto undertrodden by her sex, rather than to become eminent by making a name for another. Measured by the principle of unselfishness, the difference between the two becomes strongly marked. THE nation has special need of all women who can excel in the sphere of motherhood. The world has al-ways needed such more than any or all others. And no names among women have more inherited the reverence of mankind than have those' of the mothers of its emi-nent men. The mother of Moses, and the mother of Samuel, the mother of Wesley, and the mother of Wash-ington,---these and many more that might be named sur-vive in history to present before us the true ideal to be reached in the sphere of womanly endeavor. The "new woman," meanwhile, has yet to demonstrate that she is a necessity or even an advantage in any sphere of social and moral life. * As THINGS are constituted in this world, it is not pos-sible for woman to accomplish the workŠto compass the achievementsŠthat can be done by man. The superior strength of his sex carries him up the farthest heights of human attainment. But the preparation of the man for such achievements is confided to the hand of woman; and thus, as a mother, her position is one of the highest responsibility and of honor. "The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world," but it rules the world only through the cradle. * IT is proper parental training that creates material for patriots. The true patriot is nothing more or less than the noble man. Patriotism is not shown by fight-ing; the worst men will fight as readily as any others, or more so. Patriotism of the true sort is shown by un-selfishness in sacrificing for the good of others. True patriots are made in the home, not in the public school; and through the development of right principles of con-duct rather than by being drilled in patriotic phrases. It is the life of the true patriot that counts, and not the death. It is living for country, rather than dying for it, that makes patriotism worth to any country what it is. 