DECEMBER 6, 1894. 379 then commanded his disciples, " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature," " and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." To obey this command was to disobey the laws of that empire which ruled "all the world " with an iron hand, and which forbade the worship of any " new ^r foreign gods unless they are recognized by public laws." They did not attempt to get Christianity recognized by public law, or the existing law modi-fied, but threw themselves into the yawn-ing chasm of persecution until, like Napo-leon's famous cavalry at Waterloo, they had bridged the ravine with human lives, and made it possible for those who fol- lowed to cross in safety. When the blood-bought victory had been bartered for a mess of pottage,Šhu-man power; when the world was again plunged into the midnight darkness of the Middle Ages, there arose men like Wy-cliffe, Huss, Jerome, and Martin Luther, who said No to the laws of earth's mighty nations, and purchased anew,Šby throw-ing themselves again into the jaws of death,Šthat liberty of conscience that has blessed the world for more than a hundred years. When "Charles, the fifth of the name, by the grace of God emperor elect of the Romans, always august, king of Spain, of the two Sicilies, of Jerusalem, of Hungary, of Dalmatia, of Croatia, etc.; archduke of Austria, duke of Burgundy, count of Hapsburg, of Flanders, of the Tyrol," etc., etc., had issued an edict against the hum-ble Luther, in which he charged him with having " rushed like a madman on our holy church and attempted to destroy it by books overflowing with blasphemy," and with "setting aside all authority," and with being " but Satan himself under the form of a man," and demanding that "on the expiration of his safe conduct, immediate recourse be had to effectual measures to check his furious rage ;"Šwhen all this and more had become the law of the empire, Luther addressed this letter to the man of many titles :Š God, who is the searcher of hearts, is my witness, that I am ready most earnestly to obey your majesty, in honor or in dishonor, in life or in death, and with no exception save the Word of God, by which man lives. In all the affairs of this present life, my fidelity shall be unshaken, for here to lose or gain is of no conse-quence to salvation. But when eternal interests are concerned, God wills not that man shall submit unto man. For such submission in spiritual matters is real worship, and ought to be rendered solely to the Creator.' And, then, faithful to himself and his God, and in the face of the law of the empire, he continued to fill Germany and the world with what the edict declared were " books overflowing with heresy." Later, when a new edict was proclaimed, prohibiting the preaching of any other doctrines except the dogmas of Rome, the Reformers stood up in the face of the law of the empire and said:Š We are resolved, with the grace of God, to maintain the pure and exclusive preaching of his only word, such as is contained in the biblical books of the Old and New Testaments, without adding anything thereto that is contrary to it. . For these reasons most dear lords, uncles, cousins and friends, we earnestly entreat you to weigh carefully our grievances and our motives. If you do not yield to our request, we PROTEST by these presents, before God, our only Creator, Preserver, and Redeemer, and who will one day be our Judge, as well as before all men and all creatures, that we, for us and for our people, neither consent nor adhere in any measure whatsoever to the proposed decree in any thing that is contrary to God, to his holy word, to our right conscience [and], to the salvation of our souls. 1 D'Aubigne's History of the Reformation, Book VII, Chap. 11. 2  Id. Book XIII, chap. 6. And what shall we more say, for the time would fail us to tell of Tyndale and Latimer, and Ridley and Knox, and Bun-yan and Wesley in the Old World, and Roger Williams and Holmes also, and the Baptists and others in the New, who, through faith, subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, and stopped the hand of persecution. They were stoned, they were scourged, they were burned, were slain with the sword, they wandered in deserts and in mountains, and in the dens and caves of the earth. All these have ob-tained a good report and the Protestant world to-day applauds these violators of law from Daniel in Babylon to Roger Williams in America. More than this, they declare that their courage and faith-fulness in violating human law has be-queathed to the world the liberty of con-science so long enjoyed. But the enemies of Daniel said, " Daniel . . . regardeth not thee, 0 king, nor the decree that thou hast signed." Or, in other words, Daniel is an anarchist. The enemies of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, said: " These men, 0 king, have not regarded thee; they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." The Sabbath association and the law and order league of Jerusalem and " all the best people" in Israel charged the Son of God with being a " malefactor," and said, "We have a law and by that law he ought to die." Luther was charged in the emperor's edict with having "incessantly urged the people to revolt, schism, war, murder, robbery, incendiarism," etc. Bunyan, from the standpoint of his cotemporaries, was a " lawless fellow." Roger Williams, in the eyes of the " best people " of his time, was one who was attempting " to subvert the fundamental State and gov-ernment of the country." Thus it has ever been. One generation murders its prophets, and the next builds their monu-ments. A prophet is not without honor save in his own country and time. The historian of his own day records that the faithful reformer was a malefactor, but it is chiseled on the monuments of a later period that he was a martyr. Our own day is no exception to this rule. The sectarian press of the popular religious denominations of the country, with a single exception, indorse the im-prisonment of Seventh-day Adventists for Sunday labor, and, like all the persecutors of the past, deny that they are the victims of persecution, or that there is any con-scientious principle involved. To this point we will address ourselves in our next issue. Ł Ł Ł  Persecuted But Not Cast Down. [The following letter from the wife of one of the imprisoned Maryland Adventists was sent to the local organ of the denomination, published in this city, from which we take it.] Church Hill, Md., Nov. 24. DEAR RECORD : It is with a thankful heart that I address you to-day. For some time I have wanted to write to the friends through you, and tell them what the Lord had done for me. We have had a sweet season of prayer to-day in our Sabbath school. Although two of its members are absent, being imprisoned for their faith, yet the Lord has promised to be with us wherever two or three are gathered together. I know I have the prayers of all Seventh-day Adventists, and have found brothers and sisters among  them. I realize to-day more than ever what the dear Saviour suffered when he was here on earth. Since they have taken away my husband and put him behind prison bars, I have consecrated myself to God and am trusting in his Word; and although I may have to suffer very much on account of the treatment I receive from people here, God is preparing for me an eternal home, where I shall never know want. Although I have nothing in this world to call my own, Christ is mine and I feel as rich in his love as if I had all this world contains. I have two children sick at present; one is quite ill, but God is able to bring them through. Pray for your humble sister in the Lord. ELLA R. WHALEY. Spiritualism. SATAN beguiles men now as he beguiled Eve in Eden, by flattery, by kindling a desire to obtain forbidden knowledge, by exciting ambition for self-exaltation. It was cherishing these evils that caused his fall, and through them he aims to com-pass the ruin of men. " Ye shall be as gods," he declares, "knowing good and evil." 1  Spiritualism teaches that man is the creature of progression; that it is his destiny from his birth to progress, even to eternity, toward the Godhead." And again: "Each mind will judge itself and not another." "The judgment will be right, because it is the judgment of self. . . . The throne is within you." Said a Spiritualistic teacher, as the " spir-itual consciousness" awoke within him, " My fellow-men, all were unfallen demi-gods." And another declares, " Any just and perfect being is Christ." Thus, in place of the righteousness and perfection of the infinite God, the true object of adoration; in plabe of the perfect righteousness of his law, the true standard of human attainment, Satan has substi-tuted the sinful, erring nature of man himself, as the only object of adoration, the only rule of judgment, or standard of character. This is progress, not upward, but downward. It is a law both of the intellectual and the spiritual nature, .that by beholding, we become changed. The mind gradually adapts itselt to the subjects upon which it is allowed to dwell. It becomes assim-ilated to that which it is accustomed to love and reverence. Man will never rise higher than his standard of purity or good-ness or truth. If self is his loftiest ideal, he will never attain to anything more exalted. Rather, he will constantly sink lower and lower. The grace of God alone has power to exalt man. Left to himself, his course must inevitably be downward. To the self-indulgent, the pleasure-lov-ing, the sensual, Spiritualism presents it-self under a less subtle disguise than to the more refined and intellectual; in its grosser forms they find that which is in. harmony with their inclinations. Satan studies every indication of the frailty of human nature, he marks the sins which each individual is inclined to commit, and then he takes care that opportunities shall not be wanting to gratify the tendency to evil. He tempts men to excess in that which is in itself lawful, causing them, through intemperance, to weaken phys-ical, mental, and moral power. He has destroyed and is destroying thousands through the indulgence of the passions, 1 Gen. 3:5. 