512 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, AUGUST 17, 1899. WE print this week the concluding article of the series on "Destiny" and "The-  Inexorable Logic of Events." If you have not read them, send for the three preceding issues of the SENTINEL, and read them now. THE importance of the Sabbath institution to the moral and physi-cal welfare of mankind, constitutes the strongest argument against its enforced observance. For forceŠthe compulsion of the civil powerŠtakes out of the Sabbath, when the two are joined, all the love and blessing the Creator put into it for mankind, and leaves in their place only the harsh hand of the law. It puts a dead fly in the ointment, which gives it a "stinking savor" in the place of the odor of Paradise. GEORGE WASHINGTON, in the treaty made with Tripoli, declared that "the Government of the United States is not founded, in any sense, upon the Christian religion." Yet it is common at the present day to hear ministers and others assert flat "the perpetuity of American Institutions depends upon the main-tenance of the American Sabbath." if this be true, Washington's fame as a statesman. rests upon a delu-sion. AN anti-ritualist victory has been won in England. The chancellor of the diocese of London has issued a decree for the removal of a crucifix displayed in St. Ethelberta's church, and the restoration of the table of the Ten Commandments,which the itualists had removed. The vic-tory is of course more apparent than re since this decree from the seen- islr authority converts no one from  an erroneous doctrine, and leaves error undisturbed in its citadel, which is the mind. Real victories in religious controversy are won only when truth comes in and displaces error in the mind. IN the Christian Endeavor organi-zation there are over 4,000 local societies representing the Disciple Church. Yet at the late general con-vention of the society in Detroit, the C. E. officials did their best to pre-vent the distribution to the Endeav-orers of a tract giving the views of Alexander Campbell on the enforce-ment of Sunday observance. We must conclude that if the founder of the Disciple Church were alive to-day, he would be treated with scant courtesy by this religio-political or-ganization. A 42  tiPtr Last Week's Sentinel. HAVING read last week's SEN rE - TINEL do you not think it a N splendid paper by which to get N the principles of religious lib- Ł erty before the people? e Friends of the SENTINEL, lend 1,4 Ł a helping hand,'that this paper Ł may accomplish the work de- Ł signed for it. There is a work —I Ł to do in your community. r>4  4 Price, $1.00 per hundred. - Velmm'VmŠmmmmmm ''M"m"M`rm 'Ver7en'i< MISS CLARA BARTON, president of the National Red Cross Society, re-ports from. Cuba that the "reconcen-trados" there are in a terrible con-dition from starvation, and says: "A Cuban war is the outcome of the situation unless the half-starving boys and girls are cared for." Pre-vented by the police from getting food in the cities, these boys, she says, take to the woods and become bands of "desperate marauders," which in the course of a few years will require a war for their suppres-sion. Starving "reconcentrados" under American rule and with no war in the  island, is an unanticipated phenome-non, and one which will warrant some explanation from advocates of the present Cuban policy. Two MORMON elders who were preaching at Wise, Va., were last week taken by a company of young mountaineers, tied to a tree, and beaten until one of them was insen-sible. When released, one of the elders informed the sheriff, who ar-rested the leaders of the mob. The brutality of the proceeding has of course won sympathy for the Mor-mons from many who otherwise would not have been reached by their influence. The mob made Mor-mon martyrs and Mormon converts by their unwise and brutal conduct, and accomplished nothing towards driving Mormonism out of the coun-try. Mob law never cures the evils at which it strikes. NEXT year a great world's fair will be held in Paris, which will attract multitudes from every part of the civilized world; and the pope is ar-ranging for an exhibition of "objects of piety," to be held in Rome. Rome and Paris are to be the two chief centers of attraction in 1900, and the former will from present appear-ances be no mean rival of the latter. The pope is a master hand at adver-tising the papal religion. PREPARATIONS for war between England and the Transvaal still con-tinue , to go forward. The contest is really one between capital, repre-sented by the mining interests of the Transvaal, and democracy, repre-sented by the simple government of the Boers. The greed for gold brought the English to the Trans-vaal, and now the Boers are asked to accept the consequence, by allow-ing the English majority to take the affairs of government out of their hands. The situation is one which illustrates the familiar proverb, "The love of money is the root of all 