AMERICAN SENTINEL. 379 churches. Short service at each church, somewhat as follows: "1. Sing ' America ' (two verses); (2) short prayer; (3) run the flag to top of steeple or otherwise decorate church with flags; (4) reading of the call of the National Christian Citizenship League; (5) sing `Coronation' (two verses). Continue line of march to next church. At each church have similar programme, varying the verses of ' America ' and `Coronation,' or using other hymns of like character. Leave the flags on each church until the following Monday at least. From last church deco-rated march procession to the park or grove where the chief exercises are to be held. "12:00 M.ŠBasket dinner. "1:30 P. m.ŠMusic, band, chorus-singing of united choirs, school children, etc. Patriotic and Christian hymns. "2 : 00 P. M.ŠAssembly called to order at speakers' stand for'a programme, to include singing, a prayer, two or three ringing speeches of not over twenty min-utes each, reading of the call of the National Christian Citizenship League. Presentation of the Christian citi-zenship crusade for enlistments. " Close, singing ' Coronation.' In no way does it occur to us that the union of Church and State which " Christian Citizenship " embodies could be more fittingly symbolized than by the flying of the Government flag from the spires of the churches. I. -41.-4-* Religious Liberty in Argentine Republic. - BY JEAN VUILLEUMIER. IN his bull Indei Coetera, issued May 4, 1494, Pope Alexander VI. gave South America to the kings of Spain and Portugal, on condition of establishing thereon the Catholic faith and seeing to the conversion of the Indians. In 1810, an independent constitution was drafted, some-what on the type of the North American constitution. With regard to religious liberty, this constitution was a compromise between the spirit of the nineteenth century and the Catholic usages and prejudices of the people. It grants "every man living on the territory of the republic the right of exercising his religion." At the same time it declares that the president and vice-president "must belong to the Catholic, Apostolic and Roman confession," and states that "the nation protects, upholds and propa-gates the Catholic, Apostolic and Roman religion:, Accordingly, the Catholic clergy are supported by the na-tional funds, as are also convents, Catholic colleges and church edifices. Until about ten years ago civil marriage did not exist, and one could be wedded only by submitting at the same time to the "sacrament" as administered by a priest or by Protestant ministers representing some European State church. It may surprise some readers to learn that the Methodist pastors in Buenos Ayres secured recogni-tion by passing as ministers of the "United States State Church" !! Civil marriage is now recognized in all parts of the republic. Still the law provides for divorce under no consideration. At the same time, many people enter as many illegal marriage relations as they please without being interfered with in the least. The civil register has only been in existence for a few years, and that in just three provinces. In the other provinces citizenship is yet inseparably bound to the act of baptism performed by the Catholic priests, or by Prot-estant ministers recognized by the government. The baptismal certificate is the only document provided for by the law with which citizenship papers can be se-cured. A lively fight is being kept up nevertheless against Jesuitism and intolerance by several secular papers. One Methodist lecturer in Buenos Ayres draws large congrega-tions when speaking on anti-papal themes, and some leading men are avowedly in favor of the separation of Church and State. Esperanza de Santa Fe, Jan. 26,1897. An Appeal. From "Baptist .Principles of Religious Liberty." by Geo. B. Wheeler. THE writer appeals to Baptists in the name of their historic struggle for freedom of conscience, in the name of the martyrs of that struggle, to be loyal to their own avowed principles of religious liberty, which principles are violated by the enactment and enforcement of religious legislation in the form 61 Sunday laws. The persecutors of Baptists, the defenders of the In-quisition, and the bigots in all ages, have attempted to justify their persecutions on the ground that they were necessary for the "peace and good order of society." In the name of justice and consistency I plead with Baptists, Do not adopt the "civil-sabbath" excuse as a cloak to cover the sin and crime of enforcing religious conformity by law, and thus t fitly admit the claim of the persecu-tors of your fathers, that these persecutors were civil pa-triots while your fathers were society pests. This appeal is made in the name of Christianity which teaches liberty of conscience, but which its enemies, be-cause of the continual persecutions carried on in its name declare to be necessarily cruel to dissenters. This is an appeal to Baptists to demonstrate to all the world that a weak, persecuted church can become strong and still refuse to use that strength to persecute its dissenting brethren. The world is waiting for such a church. The writer appeals to Baptists to remain true to their historic position on Church and State, and oppose the theocratic movement which to-day is crowding the halls of legislation, as in the days of Constantine, in quest of human power to support religious institutions, instead of appealing to the throne of grace. In the language of the Russian boy, I again appeal to you, "Send your peti-tions to the throne of God, and not to the Congress of the United States." 