222 AM-EIR.ICANT_ Organized Injustice. ' _IN Calvin Townsend's " Shorter Course in Civil Government," we find the following under the head of "Political Maxims":  Ł "That government under which the rights of all persons are not equally protected, is organized injus-tice." No truer or more important principle of gov- ernment was ever stated than is found in these wbrds. According to this principle, however, the American Sabbath Union has been constituted for the express purpose of establishing organized injustice throughout this Nation. For they do in-tend to secure better protection of the rights of some people than of others ; and not only thiS but they propose to give better protection to the strong than they do to the weak, to the majority than they do to the minority. It will be con- ceded by everyone, except an intolerant bigot, that:- 1. Every human being is directly-and person- ally accountable to God. 2. This being the case he -ought to serve God as he believes God requires. 3. Therefore each person has the- inalienable right to choose his own religion. Says Dr. Philip Schaff:Š " Religious liberty is a natural, fundamental, and in-alienabl right of every, man. It is founded in the sacredness of conscience which is the voice of God in man, and above the reach and control of human au-thority. There is a law above all human laws. It is written not on parchment and tabled of stone, but on the heart of man by the finger of God. It is thaflaw Which commands with the categorical imperative, and which filled the philosopher Kant with ever-growing reverence and awe. ' We must obey God more than man.' He, and he alone, is the author and Lord of conscience, and no power on earth has a right to in-terpose itself between them. ' Every man stands or falls to his own Lord.' Liberty of conscience requires liberty of 'worship as its manifestation. To grant the former and to deny the latter is to imprison con-science and to promote hypocrisy and infidelity. Re-ligion is in its nature voluntary and ceases to be relig-ion in proportion as it is forced. God wants free worshipers, and no others." From this it follows that every person has the inherent civil right to observe any day cif' the week he may choose as a day of religious worship. And from the principle laid down by Mr. Town-send, it also follows that each, person should be equally protected with all others in the right to observe the day of his choice. Now the Ameri-can Sabbath Union claims that it is impossible for a person to strictly and religiously observe the day of his choice unless there is a law to prohibit all labor on that day. They say that if some people are working while others are resting the latter are disturbed bythe former, and so those who do not want to rest ought to be made to rest in order that the-others may not be disturbed. At the present time, there are two,days of each Week that are observed in this country as the Sab-bathŠthe seventh day, or Saturday, and the first day, or Sunday. It follows, therefore, from the premises of the American Sabbath Union, that upon the first and seventh days of each week all secular labor -should be prohibited by law in order that the whple people may be pre-' tected in their religious rightg. Is 'it this for which the Union is working? Not at all. They propose to entirely ignore the right of seventh-day people to be protected from "disturbance," and only ask for a law to protect Sunday-keepers. This shows the inherent selfish-ness of their scheme. It shows that instead of Following Christ's golden rule; they have Made a  rule of their own to follow, -an iron rule of organ-ized injustice and religious tyranny. ' If the doctrine of "liberty of rest for each demands a law of rest ,for all," it is just as true upon Saturday as ft is upon Sunday; and we would like to see the "strategic" officers of the American Sabbath Union undertake to change this conclusion by the construction of an argument more intellectual in substance and logi-cal in form than the ordinary Pharisaical sneer. The fact that seventh-day observers are in the minority, has nothing to do with this question. The doctrine that the majority should be better protected than the minority, that the strong should be better protected than the weak, is simply bar-barous. It is on the principle that might makes right. That was the principle on which the Jews crucified Christ. If a lion and a lamb were about to come in contact, which do you think would stand in the greater need of protection ? "The lamb," you say; very well, the lamb is the minority; the lion is the majority. There is not much danger that the lamb will devour the lion, but there is great danger that the lion will devour the lamb. God is no respecter of persons, but the Ameri-can Sabbath Union is a respecter of the class that is rich in numbers and clothed in the gar-ments of power. Their conclusions are based upon no general principles which they are willing to apply to all classes alike, unless it is this one, that " wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to " salvation, and all should be compelled to ",go in thereat." Their sole object is to establish "organized injustice" and subvert the United States Constitution, which declares that no State shall "deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws," A.-DELOS WESTCOTT. Ł Ł Ł IN more than one hundred years of its existence no attempt has ever been made to have this Gov-ernment officially recognize any religious denomi-tion or sect, and the precedent would be a dangerous one to establish. Suppose, for instance, that Wanamaker, who is a Presbyterian, should succeed in having all work stopped in our post-offices on .Sundays during his administration of the Post-office Department. So far all right, but now suppose that in the unexpected upheaval of politics he should be succeeded by a Hebrew, or a Seventh-day Adventist, both -of which sects re-gard Saturday as the Sabbath-day, and that he should insist on having all post-office work stopped on his Sabbath. Then what a row we should have! Church and State both have im-portant functions to perform in this as well as every other country, but let us keep them separate and distinct, for if history teaches anything it is the utter futility of successfully uniting the two. ŠTulare Free Press. Ł  A MAN cannot publish a Sunday newspaper in Arkansas without rendering himself liable to im-prisonment, or the payment of a fine. Such is the law. The use of the shot-gum is, however, still fashionable. It was in this State that the Seventh-day Baptists were so shamefully persecuted a few years ago, for insisting upon .the right, under the Constitution, of working six days in the week, and resting on the only day declared in the Bible to be sacred time. It is a little surprising that the National Reform Association does not remove its headquaiters to Arkansas.ŠDeni8on, Texas, Gazeetter. Not Awakened to the Danger. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, published at Oak-. land, California, carries as its motto, " Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or, persuasion, religious or political." Those who have read the writings of that time-honored "Father of Democracy," will recognize the above as' the language of Thomas Jefferson. But we are drifting away from the teachings of the fathers of this republic as surely and serenely as the waters of Niagara, in its upper course, drift toward their terrible plunge at the dread cataract. The surface looks smooth, and the prophets of Mammon are singing siren songs of peace, and telling the people that a political millennium is about to dawn -upon us, when every baleful force of society points to the fact that a political and religious despotism may be reared upon the ruins of our free Government unless the people are, wise enough to check the insidious influences that _ will bring it about. Already gold buys the highest offices in the gift of the people; great corporations buy State Legislatures, bribe the -judges of our highest courts and even Congress itself. . . . There is another danger, to which most people are not awakened, which the SENTINEL combats with vigor and ability, the union of Church and State. Not an absolute union as in many of the old countries, but 'a quasi union, that will act as an entering wedge which shall open the way to put every man's conscience into the keeping of the law,Šthe Blair Sunday-Rest bill, which many able Christians are opposing because of the danger of the precedent. We do not wish to re-turn to, the persecutions of the Inquisition, to the cruelties of Cromwell; nor the no less barbarous persecutions of the Puritans against those who did not adhere to their religious faith. The history of religious wars and persecutions in all ages, should warn us of the danger of taking a single step towards opening a door, that, like Pandora's box, may let loose a multitude of evils to afflict mankind and curse the earth. Our Constitution is broad enough ; its founda-tion is firm, and we need no laws to force upon us the religious beliefs or creeds of others. We have yet the liberty to' worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience; our civiliza-tion is essentially Christian in its nature, and that church which would endeavor to fasten any law upon us, affecting religious belief, has a zeal not according to knowledge. We commend the work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. It is Ameri-can. It upholds the %principles for which our forefathers fought, and warns  the' people who would regulate the .religious faith of the people 'by statute or Constitutional law, that they- are treading on dangerous ground. A yoke of bond-age is none the easier to bear, that it is placed upon the people in the name of religion. Of the great religious persecutions of the past, which have caused rivers of blood to flow, none were begun without an abiding faith in those who ins:igated them that they were doing the will of God. Let the American people, -then, be content with their Constitution, nor attempt an innovation which can do no possible good, but may bring upon us' woes equal to the seven plagues of Egypt.ŠHumboldt Daily Standard, July 9, 1889. SAID the apostle Paul to the Corinthians: " Not that we have dominion [lordship] over your faith, but are helpers of your joy ; for by faith ye stand." 2 Cor. 1: 24. 