4 240 THE M/IERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, NO. 30. NEW YORK, JULY 30, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that at least twenty-five thousand men, women, and children en-joyed the pure air and balmy breeze in Central Park on a recent Sunday. Where could these tired people have gone had the Park been closed as some would have it on Sunday if they could ? COLORADO has fallen into line in the matter of Sunday closing. In Denver.es-pecially there has been much opposition to the enforcement of the law, but the authorities are inexorable; now some who have hitherto opposed the law favor a rigid application of it, hoping in that way to make it odious and so secure its repeal. The situation is much the same in other towns in the State. THE promoters of legalized Sunday ob-servance in France are feeling their way very gradually. .The freight stations of the railway companies have heretofore been kept open until noon, but the Minis-ter of Public Works has lately signed a measure by which they will be closed at ten o'clock in the forenoon. It is thus by almost imperceptible advances this move-ment is everywhere gaining vantage ground. REV. 0. E. MURRAY, Pastor of the Wabash Avenue Methodist Church, Chi-cago, is earning a reputation as an enemy to all ecclesiastical interference in govern-mental affairs. Rev. Murray is the Pres-ident of the National American Patriotic Union. This organization was recently formed for the purpose of maintaining and enforcing the American idea of com-plete Church and State divorcement. The attitude which the church of Rome main-tains toward this principle no doubt gave birth to this organization, but that its president is trying to be consistent, is shown by his opposition to his church receiving appropriations from the Gov-ernment to aid in maintaining their Indian mission schools. Referring to .the six thousand dollars that the Methodist Church receives from the Government in common with the Ro-man Catholic and other church organiza-tions, Mr. Murray said, " The only stain which rests on the fair face of Methodism, that I know of, is the receiving of six  thousand dollars from the Government to aid in carrying on her Indian mission schools." The speaker named four bish-ops who were opposed to receiving the appropriation, and promised that the church would very soon wash her gar-ments of this, iniquity. It is hoped that the eloquent young pastor will walk in the light to the extent of condemning laws compelling Sabbath observance. THE Independent Patriot says that " those who think there is no religious intolerance connected with the agitation now progressing in favor of Sunday laws, Bible in public schools, and the enact-ment of laws in favor of the Christian as against the Mohammedan, the Buddhist or the infidel, will do well to note the ac-tion of the Reformed Presbyterian Church in casting out certain young ministers for asserting that it is not a sin to vote under the Constitution as it is." ROCKFORD, Illinois, has been the first to systematically adopt the "religious boy-cott," in reference to Sunday parks, ball playing, excursions and transportation. Rockford is also the home of false Mes-siah Sweinfurth, and although the two facts may have no visible or actual con-nection still they are of the same color and are either feathers from the same bird, or from birds of the same plumage, and show where the carcass is and which way the wind is blowing. THE persecution of Jews in Russia has, it is said, been somewhat relaxed. The decree for their expulsion from St. Peters-burg has been indefinitely postponed, and renewed orders have been sent to the press to refrain from publishing articles likely to excite animosity against the Hebrews. The change is supposed to be due to pub-lic opinion throughout the civilized world. Certain it is that public opinion is an al-most irresistible power, but the letter from the South published in another col-umn shows that it still has something to do in this country. Let us hope that it will speedily accomplish a good work not only in Russia but in the mountains of southeastern Tennessee. IN its editorial notes the Independent, of July 16, mentions some facts in refer-ence to the National Reform Association with the legitimate deductions therefrom, which ought to have a wide circulation and receive consideration wherever the especial views of this Association and its first-born offshoot the Sabbath Union are taught. The Independent says:Š As our readers know, there is a National Reform Association, whose object it is to have God recog-nized in the Constitution of the United States; but it is not so well known that this Association, which has scores of distinguished names loosely attached to it and printed in its list of officers, originated in ,  the Reformed Presbyterian or Scotch Covenanter Church, or rather, a branch of it, one of the small-est of all the " split Ps." and growing daily smaller, now that it is busily engaged in expelling all its ministers who think its members should not be forbidden to exercise the right of the ballot. It is the special and peculiar principle of this denomina-tion that the State is a personality, and has the same duty to recognize and worship God and Jesus Christ as has an individual, and that so long as the State refuses to do it voting is a sin. The seven young men who were lately expelled suffered be-cause they expressed the opinion that the law ex-pelling members from the Church for voting should be modified. Now the working members of the National Reform Association all belong to this Covenanter Church, and it is interesting to see what position they took in the expulsion of these seven young men. D. McAllister, D.D., and R. J. George, D. D., are both secretaries of the Associa-tion, and were both prosecutors of these young men. Dr. McAllister was moderator of the pres-bytery which condemned them, and then repre-sented presbytery as prosecutor before the Synod. The Association has two newspaper organs, the Christian Statesman of Philadelphia, and the Christian Nation, of this city. Both papers have opposed the young men and endorsed their expul-sion, and the Christian Nation has given page after page to attacks upon them. Mr. R. C. Wylie, Trav-eling Secretary of the Association, has written article after article against them. We mention these facts to open the eyes of good men of other denominations, like Felix R. Brunt, President, and others, who give their names to the Associa-tion, but few of whom are ever seen on its plat-form The whole active efficiency of the Associa-tion is Covenanter, and most of the money comes from that source; and what it would do if it could have its way and rule the State after its ideas may be judged from its persecution of its young minis-ters who are not willing to forbid everybody to vote. A SUBSCRIBER in West Sunbury, Penn-sylvania, writes:- 63d speed THE SENTINEL in its glorious work! I am too sound a Presbyterian to allow Jews and infi-dels to assert and prove that true Christianity will persecute. And if laws against Sabbath-breaking and profanity are not persecuting laws, neither was the Spanish Inquisition ; nor is the attitude of the Russian Government toward the Jews persecution. We can not afford to allow the "truth as it is in Jesus " to be evil spoken of. Force applied for the propagation of Christianity is antichristian. All honor to such Presbyterians! The Church and the country need thousands of them. Ł 4.  SIXTEEN arrests were made in the city of New York, for the violation of the Sunday excise law, on Sunday, July 19; and a great many more might have been made without exhausting the number of saloon-keepers who habitually violate this law which legitimizes their business. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York, 