76 THE AMERICAN ENTINEL., not just a week, as some assume, but a period of more than eight days, as will appear from a comparison of Matt. 17: 1,. 2, with Dike 9 : 28, 29. In the first of these texts we read that " after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into a high mountain apart, and was trans-figured before them; and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light." Luke says : "And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and went up into a mountain to pray. And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered, and his rai-ment was white and glistering." Now if "after six days " is " about eight days," it is manifestly absurd to insist that "after eight days " is just a week, and that John 20: 26 is an account of a religious meeting on the first day of the week at which our Lord was present. But to such straits are they driven who would find Bible sanction for the Sunday-Sabbath. The remaining text supposed to refer to the first day of the week, and frequently appealed to to prove its sacred character, is Rev. 1: 10 : " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet." This text does not say that John was in the Spirit on the first day of the week, or upon Sunday, but that he " was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." To assume, therefore, that the Lord's day is Sunday, is to assume the very point in dispute. The text does show that the Lord has in this dispensa-tion a day which he claims as his; a day sacred to his worship; but it does not tell us what day that' is. Other scriptures must settle that question. In a former article was quoted a por-tion of the fourth commandment (Ex. 20: 3-11), in which occur these words : " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." According to the fourth com-mandment then, which is the Lord's day ? ŠNot the first, but the seventh. But we have other evidence upon this point. In Isa. 58 :13, 14, we have this testimony : " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words : then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it." Here the Lord expressly claims the Sabbath as his day. But it is said that " Lord's day " means the Lord Jesus Christ's day. Be it so; the result is the same; for our Saviour de-clares (Mark 2 :28) that he is Lord " of the Sabbath day," so that whether we re-fer the expression " Lord's day " to the  Father or to the Son, makes not the slightest difference; the Scriptures testify that the Sabbath, the seventh day, is the Lord's day. As THE SENTINEL has so often said, the truth or falsity of the claims of the Sunday-Sabbath can not affect the right of the State to require its observance; the State has no such right in any event; but in view of the fact that it is without a shadow of divine authority, the bigotry that clamors for civil law to compel all men to keep it, stands out all the more clearly, and is shown to be positively without excuse. C. P. B. Specious Reasoning. THE Christian Statesman, of February 20, 1892, has the following argument to justify Sunday laws:-- A republic can not exist without morality, nor morality without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without law. Allowing that the Sabbath is an impor-tant element in religion, it is not, however, all that is essential to true religion. Prayer is essential. Let us try the same logic with reference to this: A republic can not exist without morality, nor mo-rality without religion, nor religion with-out prayer, nor prayer without law, there-fore the Government must make a law requiring all to pray. This is as logical as the .other, for those who call not upon God are as truly irreligious as those who do not keep his Sabbath. And this is the logic of National Reformers, who know of no other way to advance religion than by law. With them law is the last resort and final appeal in religious matters. Such reasoning makes human law (for that is the sort of law that is meant), the ultimate source of religion. Religion can not exist without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without law; therefore, in order to have religion, the Government must legislate,Šmust pass a Sabbath law! That is to say that religion can not exist with-out the aid and support of the Govern-ment, or, in other words, without Church and State being united. But who does not know better ? Who does not know that it has existed not only without the aid of law but in spite of it ? Witness the rise and progress of Christianity dur-ing the first two centuries. If the Statesman had said, a republic can not exist without morality, nor morality without religion, nor genuine religion without conversion and a change of heart, which can be affected by no human law, but by the preaching of the gospel and the influence of the Spirit of God only, it would have come nearer the truth. A purified heart is the only place where gen-uine religion can dwell. But the heart can be purified only by God, and that by faith. Acts 15: 9. Repentance must pre-cede conversion, but it is the goodness of God, not civil laws, that leads to repent- ance. Rom. 2:4. As well might we ex-pect to gather grapes from thorns, or figs from thistles, as to expect the fruits of re-ligion from those who are unconverted. It is only the good man out of the good treasure of his heart that brings forth good fruit. That religion which expects Sabbath-keeping, religion, and morality, which will be acceptable to God, to come from unregenerated hearts, is not the re-ligion of Jesus Christ, but the doctrine of antichrist. All the religion that can ever come from laws enacted by civil govern-ments can at best be only in form. This is the religion of the National Reform party, the American Sabbath Union, and all the other Sunday-law parties and Sun-day Rest Leagues now in existence or that ever will be. Those holding it are well described by the Apostle Paul in 2 Tim. 3 : 5 as those " having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof." What can be a greater denial of the power of God to transform the heart, renew the life, and perpetuate religion, than to as-sert that religion is dependent for its ex-istence upon the legislative enactments of puny men, and wicked men at that ? It is true that the true Sabbath has law for its foundation and maintenance; but it is the law of Him who made the Sab-bath, and not of him for whom it was made. This Sabbath is no more depend-ent for its existence upon human laws than are the returning seasons. Wherever men are found who know their Creator and honor him, there will be found those who keep, to the best of their enlightenment, the Sabbath of the Lord, in memory of whose works and in honor of whom it was instituted. The law referred to reads: " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work," etc. Here is the all-sufficient Sabbath law. He who has this law for the foundation of his Sab-bath observance needs no other. But the fact that this refers to another Sabbath than the one the Statesman and its allies are observing, is doubtless the reason they are seeking elsewhere for " law " to keep in existence the Sabbath of their choice. The Sabbath of the Lord needs no such support, and those who observe it ask for none; they will observe it without such law, and in spite of law. W. A. COLCORD. " THE law of love being the foundation of the government of God, the happiness of all intelligent beings depends upon their perfect accord with its great princi-ples of righteousness. God desires from all his creatures the service of love,Šser-vice that springs from an appreciation of his character. He takes no pleasure in a forced obedience; and to all he grants freedom of will, that they may render him voluntary service." 