VEBRUARY 15, 1894. 11-41V11111N/ith, " mother church." The result wasŠas the whole world knowsŠnational igno-rance and well nigh national decay. The same is true of Spain and of other coun-tries when the Romish hierarchy had con-trol of the system of education. If we want to secure similar results all we have to do is to allow the Romish hierarchy to "modify " our public school system. But there is no danger, provided Protes-tants do not lapse into indifference. Priests and prelates and cardinals may continue to call our schools " godless," and our system of education " unchristian." They will try again and again to get their hands into the public treasury in order to use it for their own sectarian purposes; but their efforts must be in vain. This nation can never allow its public schools to fall into sectarian hands. We will keep our public schools, as they now are, free to all classes, and where all stand on an equal footing before the law. There must not be any division of public school funds among the various religious denom-inations in this land, either "for the pres-ent" or for the future. Americans believe in religious toleration, for with a great sum we obtained this freedom. And, as there is no room in this Republic for reli-gious intolerance, so there should never be any --)om in it for the propagation of sectarianism in connection with our system of public schools.ŠN. Y. Observer. Federating the Churches. AN effort has been made in various places to unite all the various " Protes-tant " churches in what is termed a " Fed-eral Council." The following, from the State Republican, of January 18, Lansing, Mich., will serve to show what the plan is and the ends to be served by it:Š During the past few days there has been set in mo-tion among the pastors of the city an idea, which will doubtless end in a permanent organization. The plan chiefly originated, so far as its working in Lan-sing is concerned, with Rev. W. H. Osborne, of the St. Paul's Episcopal Church, and the rest of the clergy are so highly pleased that cooperation is certain. It has been thought that the Christian church of this city did not fully come into touch with civic affairs, and if anything could be done to make the purifying influence of Christian principles felt a great end would be gained. The church has kept aloof, not as indiv-iduals, but as a body, from civic matters. Not that her influence has not been felt, for the spirit of the church exercises the mightiest power, yet she has not openly acted on affairs of a civic nature. The plan now being matured tends toward making one common church of the entire city. The mode of procedure is somewhat as follows: A council will be formed and be known as the " Federal Council of the Christian Churches of Lansing." Every church will have an equal representation, no matter what difference there may be in regard to the size or membership. The delegates from each church will consist of one clerical and two lay. There are some seventeen churches in the city, and should all be represented in the federate council it would make a body of fifty-one persons. Such a body of represen-tative men from the various churches, laying aside the little differences in religious beliefs, and coming to-gether for deliberation on the relation of the church to passing civic events, cannot but wield a great power. The primary and probably only object of the council is to apply the principles of Christianity to the entire life of the city; not an interference with affairs, but an application of all that is best to the things of daily routine. It is a plan to apply the principles of Chris-tianity to the corporate life of the city, its industries, its politics, its amusements, its everything. All the pastors have not been approached on the subject. Time has not permitted this yet, but all who have been seen have gladly and enthusiastically prom-ised their support. It is expected that an organization will be effected in about two weeks. Councils, similar to the proposed one, have been in operation in some English cities and in a few eastern American places, and the benefits derived have been very apparent. It is true that many things exist in every city, which, if eradicated, would add to the  welfare and beauty of the city temporally and spirit-ually. It will be noticed that the object in view is to increase the influence of the churches in civil affairs, to mold the different denom-inations into one body for political pur-poses. The movement is significant. What Rome Would Do if She Could. [The following editorial from the Catholic Stand-ard of January 13, needs no comment. It shows how long freedom of the press would exist in America if Rome had her way.] IN its issue of January 3, that notorious and infamous sheet, Puck, publishes a cartoon, so grossly insulting to Catholics that we shall be greatly surprised if some action be not taken by the District-Attor-ney, of New York, to punish its proprie-tors, and prevent the repetition of similar offenses against the peace of the com-munity. The cartoon represents the Catholic Church as a cat in its various stages of growth until it becomes a fierce and murderous tiger with its claws on the prostrate forms of a public-school boy and his mother, who has around her waist a belt on which is inscribed the word "Lib-erty." We have no hesitation in declaring this cartoon to be diabolical both in. conception and execution, and it could have been published with no other motive than to incite to riot and bloodshed. The great body of the intelligent and conservative American public, however, irrespective of creed, understand their Catholic fel-low-citizens too well, and esteem them too highly, to be so easily provoked to break the laws of God and of the land as these human devils imagine, and, thank God, Catholics no longer pay much atten-tion to the inflammatory attacks of ig-norant bigots and hired assassins. This does not relieve the authorities in New York, however, from discharging their duty in this particular instance. Let the Catholics of that city see to it that the proprietors of Puck are punished; and hereafter let no Catholic, who has the least spark of self-respect, ever be seen reading this disreputable sheet. .. Raising the Tax Rate. AN incident occurred in Santiago, Chili, which illustrates better than arguments what the real nature of Romanism is. It was in connection with the extraordinary low rate of exchange. A Chili peso or dollar is worth but sixteen English pen-nies. The rate has remained low for some time. The result has been that prices have risen enormously. The archbishop of Santiago has inserted an advertisement in the papers stating that because of this bad state of public finance, it will be needful to raise the whole scale of church rates. Prices for masses and for funerals and for baptisms and for the whole list of stock in trade will be advanced fifty per cent. Indul-gences cost double now. " Bulas," or " Bulls," granting permission to eat meat, cost double. Masses have gone up. It costs more now to get through tickets to heaven than before. Indeed the through tickets have not been issued ; only half way stop-overs can be obtained. Like immigrants in America who send for their friends and bring them over with the first money earned in the new land, so revers-ing the process those who go on before  with halfway stop-over tickets patiently wait for the investments of their friends on this side, which will secure from the church orders to have the spiritual freight duly forwarded. All this, however, costs double now, because of the depression in the money market. The appearance of this unique advertisement caused a good deal of comment, and the liberal press took occasion to say several hard things about such traffic in spiritual things.ŠRev. J. M. Allis, in Church at Home and Abroad. Government by a Hierarchy. JANUARY 25 and 26, there was held in Philadelphia a " National Conference for Good City Government," at which some significant things were said, among them was this by Rev. J. H. Ecob, of Albany, this State :Š When I say now that the first business of the Church is to redeem the ballot and put it to the uses of the kingdom we have the total significance of the Church in all its characteristics and relations back of us, pressing imperatively to the conclusion. What is the ballot ? The fairest fruit of our Chris- tian civilization. What is the ballot It is the final utterance of a man. It is your manhood come to blossom. There you are focused in one intense ex-pression in this divine order of government. Will not all Christian men then vote together solidly in regimentsŠan army equipped with that last, best, God's armature ? The sole issue is, shall this small civic body, the municipality, whose only business is with simple housekeeping economies, be given into good hands or bad hands? Shall this small family live wastefully or conservatively ? Shall they live in cleanliness or filth? Shall the men of the kingdom of heaven divide into feeble warring factions, while the sons of Bohai, po-litical brigands, actual murderers, thieves and all-around villains march into the offices of power ? " His entire argument," says the Mail and Express, from which we quote, "was that without the Church absolutely noth-ing could be done; and he ended by saying that to the shame of the Church it was not doing half that it should." This is only advocating government by a hie-rarchy. It is simply declaring that there should be a Church party and that office-holding should be confined to members of that party. Ł Ł The Same Principle Involved. IT is a part of the Hindoo religion not to take life; and the Hindoo views with horror the slaughter of animals for food. In Behar, India, there has been for some time a strong anti-kine-killing agitation; and so intense has been the feeling that riot has resulted. The attention of the government has been called to the diffi-culty, and the Allahabad Pioneer remarks that " of course the agitation will be sup-pressed by the ordinary action of a strong government, and by the gradual recogni-tion of the fact amongst the people that coercion of those who differ from them in religious matters is followed by unpleas-ant consequences to themselves." This is somewhat different from the course pur-sued in this country in such matters. Of course people here do not regard cattle as sacred, but they have a " sacred " day, and instead of restraining the people from forcing its observance upon those who do not regard it as sacred, the Government, State and national, lends its power to compel everybody to respect the day. But then the Hindoos are heathen while the devotees of Sunday are "Christians." But does that really affect the principle ? Are not the Hindoos who insist that their ideas concerning the proper use of cattle must be respected by tthose who have no 