24 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sistent inability to gather together the power of gov-ernment and swing it in unity of purpose and continuity of effort. It means that Congress will continue to ab-sorb itself with those immediate home interests directly represented in the body which alone have the power to compel attention. It means, accordingly, that govern-ment over dependencies must more and more, step by step, drift into the hands of the executive power; and this means the gradual development of that power at the expense of the legislative until it overshadows all. Verily, as the historian has said, 'imperial aspirations draw after them, by obvious necessity, imperial rule." This is whither the President's policy must lead us as certainly as it is tolerated by the people. He is lay-ing the foundations for an absolutism which will first render republican government nerveless and impotent, and then destroy it altogether. For this annexation by conquest of vassal dependencies he is responsible, and we appeal to his own statements of fact to show where it must inevitably carry the American States. There is no providence or destiny about it. There is only human will and ambition about it. If the American people would save their Republic they must save themselves from this policy. A Baptist Clergyman on Religious Liberty. THE following plea for religious liberty was made in a recent discourse by a Baptist minister of Rome, Ga., the place where Mr. J. T. Eaton, Seventh-day Adventist, was recently tried and convicted for the crime of break-ing Sunday. The speaker, Rev. J. D. Winchester, gave a true statement of Baptist principles upon this great subject:Š "Civil government cannot patronize religion without violating the sacred rights of conscience, and that is persecution. Therefore it is contrary to the principles of religious liberty for the civil government to appro-priate money for religious institutions. I declare to you that I am opposed to the employment by the Govern-ment of chaplains for Congress and for the army and navy. I am opposed to a law forcing the Bible into the public schools, and I am opposed to a law which pun-ishes a man presumably for working on Sunday, but which in reality, seek to color it as you may, punishes him for religiously keeping Saturday. There are not enough legislatures, courts, jails and chaingangs in the land to make me be anything else religiously than a Christian and a Baptist, and I would suffer this right arm severed from my body before I would quietly ac-quiese in an attempt of the state to force any one else to be a Christian or a Baptist. "I have little sympathy with the sect known as the Seventh-day Adventists. I would useevery Bible means to show them their error and get them out of it, but I don't ask the aid of the Government in this task if I should never succeed. It is simply none of the Govern-ment's business. Here I stand, I can do no other. God help me, Amen." Some Reasons for Staying Away From Church. By Dr. C. H. Parkhurst. SOMETIMES there is'no good in going to church. It depends principally on the church. It is often claimed that church attendance is on the decrease. People are not going to be drawn in by being scolded for staying out. Nor are they going to be drawn inŠin a way to hold themŠby being coaxed in by artificial seductions. A good deal of money is put into the artistic trimmings of sanctuary service. There is no objection to the ar-tistic if it is wrought into the body of the service, and not availed of simply as so much millinery put on to make the service more presentable. The advertising of sensational topics is another way the pulpit takes to worry the truth into reluctant hearts of advertisement-captured congregations. It does not hold the people, but it does cheapen the pulpit and set the house of God in the same row with the dry-goods stores, millinery shops and other institutions that put big headlines in the newspapers and flaming pacards in the front win-dows.%We may call the rank and file of people very godless, but they:are able to distinguish remarkably well between fact and fiction in matters of religion. I believe that ninety people out of a hundred would respect God's house if they were sure that it is God's house more than it is man's. It takes a good deal be-sides a pulpit, a choir loft and a spire to make a church. Sunday Labor Statistics. "ACCORDING to the census of 1895,' says The De-fender, "the number of persons in gainful occupations in Massachusetts is, in round number, 1,075,000. Pos-sibly 150,000 of these have some connection with Sun-day work. Of these, at least 113,000 will be found in household domestic service, in agriculture, or in the fisheries. Of the 37,000 others, 17,994 are in transpor-tation service of various kinds as classed upon page 6, ante. The remaining 19,006 are distributed through hotel and restaurant service and other employments of a more or less personal nature." "On the basis of 150,000, there are over 10,000,000 Sunday workers in the United States. On the basis of 37,000, over 3,000,000." It will be observed that outside of domestic and hotel and 'restaurant service, the number of people whose Sunday work is not voluntary is very small. To TALK of putting God into the Constitution, is only to talk absurdity. God can put man where he pleases; but not all the  men on earth could put God anywhere. SAY, have you seen our "ad" on page 31. 