AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 699 than mere amusement. The more appeals of this kind to the higher tastes and interests of the individual there are, the less will be the resort to grosser methods of dis-posing of a day whose hours to many are inevitably te-dious.' "The effect of closing the theater Sunday concert was to immediately fill every sham hotel and public house in Boston with men and women who drink liquor. Nor has it been helpful in Creating a large attendance at the various church services on Sunday evening. It is to be hoped that the law as it now stands will be amended to permit the rendering of such music as made up,  the aver-age Sunday concert programme of the lamented Gilmore and Tourjee." It would seem that Puritan religion looks with sus-picion at whatever is calculated to make Sunday anything but a day of gloom and discomfort for the common people. Apostolic Establishment. THE church of apostolic days was an Established Church. "And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily." Acts 16:5. There is this difference between the establishment of religion then and now, as the world uses the term. Those churches were established "in the faith," which stood "not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God," and it stood against all the persecutions and efforts of governments to root it out. Now the establishment of religion means a religion established in governmental law, by the wisdom and the power of politicians.--Oriental Watchman. Ł 4 4 IN The Examiner, a leading Baptist organ, Rev. E. G. Zwayer gives some observations on the attitude of American Roman Catholics during the war with Spain. He says:Š "The war between the United States and Spain was not a religious war. It was not a war between Catholics and Protestants as such. But those of us who live in sections where the European Catholic population is large have seen some things during the past few months that convince us that Romanism is even more of a menace to the safety of American institutions than we have im-agined. "The anthracite coal region has a very large Catho-lic population. In many places the Catholics far out-number the non-Catholics. Just before the war broke out, and during the first few weeks that followed the outbreak of actual hostilities, there was little, if any, attempt on the part of the Catholics to disguise their sympathy for Spain. 'In some churches the priests spoke strongly against the American attitude, and in some cases are said to have given the impression that it would be entirely wrong for the Catholics to fight against their 'Spanish brethren.' At Mount Carmel, a town of about 15,000 inhabitants, an American flag was torn down and tram-pled under foot; and in another place an American flag was taken down and a Spanish flag substituted. In still  another town the flag rope at the armory was cut and many small flags torn down from the homes of citizens. "By and by the sentiment began to change, and it was evident that some higher authority than the local priests was bringing about the change. It was surpris-ing to see what efforts were made to prove, on public occasions, such as flag raisings, that Catholics are loyal and patriotic. . . . One young priest, in demonstrat Ł ing the loyalty of his people, declared that 'Before war breaks out, we are all free to hold and express our views, and to show sympathy for the side nearest to our hearts. But when once "the powers that be" have declared war, then it is the duty of every citizen to obey his govern-ment, unless the commands of that government are con-trary to the will of the "higher authority." 'Catholic theology,' he said, 'teaches that authority must be re-spected, and that the opinions of the individual can never be used as an argument against such obedience.' "Another priest argued that Catholics could consis-tently fight against their 'brother Catholics' on the ground that both brothers in the faith, and natural brothers, as well as fathers and sons, had fought on op-posite sides in the Civil War. Toward the close of his oration he expressed the hope that 'when we have a man in the supreme office of the United States, the Protest-ants will be as loyal and as ready to answer his call for soldiers to fight against some other nation, as we are now to fight against Spain.' " THE Chicago Israelite prints a report authorized by the "American Missionary Association," of New York, stating that a Congregationalist minister, Rev. J. B. Fletcher, by name, had been shot while organizing a Congregational Church at Smiley, Ga., the guilty parties being colored members of the Methodist Church. The assailants aimed through a window in the church, and Mr. Fletcher was shot down in the pulpit. He was seri- ously though probably not fatally wounded, and an-nounced that he would prosecute his assailants at any cost. The Israelite adds this comment:Š "Now if Mr. Fletcher had been a German, and the emperor had made this assault a pretext for attempting to annex Florida and making the United States pay a million or two of dollars indemnity, besides demanding privileges not granted the other foreign nations, Ger-many would have tried to do to us only what she did to China on the same grounds precisely. Of course we should laugh at the threat of such a proceeding and serve Germany as we did Spain if she should make it advisable for us to do so. . . . Public opinion in America is probably no more opposed to murderous vio-lence than it is in China, and that people as a whole is as little to be blamed for isolated lawless acts as ourselves. Let us be just, and, knowing the shortcomings of our own, never condemn a whole people for the wrongdoings of a few individuals." IN Allegheny County, Pa., the president of a Jewish Republican club is bidding for political support by a promise of working to secure a modification of the Penn-sylvania "blue laws." The cause is a worthy one, but the outlook is not bright. 