256 THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ Vol. 4, No. 32. TI2e An2eriear2 ge0ii2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 5, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. AT the Young Men's Christian Asssociation rooms, 3 P. M., August 5, the Ministers' Associa-tion of San Francisco were addressed by the American Sabbath Union on organization. In the opening prayer, it was prayed that the Lord would "hasten the time when all Sabbath dese-cration shall be stopped and the time when this shall be a nation whose God is the Lord." Now desecrate is defined to mean "to divest of a sacred character or office; to divert from a sacred pur-pose or appropriation ; to treat in a sacrilegious manner. Neither that prayer nor the definition of the term used in the prayer can be made to fit onto- a civil Sabbath. THE American Sabbath Union argues that all Sunday mails can be absolutely stopped because such "emergency letters " as would have to be delivered on Sunday, may go by telegraph on Saturday and such as would have to be sent on Sunday to reach their destination on Monday, can go by telegraph on Monday morning. But this does not meet the case of such emergency let-ters as could reach their destination, say one hun-dred or one hundred and fifty miles, within the Sunday hours, and 'to meet this demand the American Sabbath Union says he would have "one telegraph operator sitting with his family, but within reach of a bell so that he could easily be called." But in such a system as this, there is such an assumption of overlordship as does not comport well with the spirit of free institutions. 4.  WHAT kind of a religious worship do the Sun-day-law workers intend shall be protected by their national Sunday law? Is it the Chinese religious worship? Would the Chinese be al-lowed to conduct their idolatrous worship, by noisy processions with dragons and Chimeras dire? It is certain that that would not suit the ideas of the Sunday-law workers as comporting with the proper observance of the day. But that is relig-ious worship. And if it should be objected against as not being the kind of religious worship con-templated in the Act, the United States courts would be forced into the necessity of settling ife-, ligious disputes, and of deciding what is religious worship. And if it should be pleaded, what is manifestly designed in the Act, that it, is Christian worship only, that is contemplated, and that is to be protected, and the courts should so decide, ,then there is an established religion at once. Which proves again that the establishment of a national religion will be the inevitable result of a national Sunday law. WHEN it is proposed to stop all Sunday trains, boats, and means of distant transportation, a great many people have asked the question involved in the suggestion of President Ledyard of the Michigan Central, that if your son or daughter, or wife or husband, were lying at the point of death, and you were on the way to be with them in their last moments and the train which was  carrying, you should stop at midnight, Saturday night, and lie there for twenty-four hours, you would be ready to say that such Sunday laws were not the best thing in the world. The Amer-ican Sabbath Union meets this suggestion by saying :Š " It is true, the dying one might lose some senti-mental comfort by your not being there, but your pres-ence could not prolong his life even if you had been able to reach him, and therefore no great harm would be done." This shows that the Sunday-law managers have degenerated into the hard, unfeeling spirit of the Pharisees of Christ's day, who forbade his heal-ing the sick and ministering to the afflicted on the Sabbath. And it is time that these were learning the direction of Christ to those, " Go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy and not sacrifice." Matt. 9 :13. AT the Ocean Grove and other great camp-meetings and places of religious resort, Sunday is always the greatest day. The best speakers are expected to speak then, the best meetings are ex-pected to be had, the most solemn and lasting impressions made, but yet the gates are rigidly shut. No person from the outside can come in at all. People who are busily engaged at their work all the week are shut away from the meet-ings on Sunday. However impressive the serv-ices, however grand the sermons, none of it is for them. It seems that at those places the effort and the expectation is to call only the righteous to repentance. Sinners can shift for themselves. If it were sinners that they wished to call to re-pentance assuredly Sunday is the day when the gates should be widest open and the richest wel-come extended to all. That is the day when more people can be reached than any other; be-cause by the Sunday laws they are compelled to be idle. But instead of doing this, the managers of the great religious meetings closely shut all approaches on Sunday. They compel the wicked to be idle, then shut the gates so they can't go to the meetings and then declaim against the in-creasing Sabbath desecration. How can it be otherwise ? The wicked are not allowed to work on Sunday, they are not allowed to go to the meet-ings on Sunday. They have to fill up the time some way, and if they fill it with dissipation who is Most to blame? It would be well for the man-agers of these places of religious resort to bear in mind that the work of the gospel of Christ is "not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." Nom long since there was considerable agita-tion for a little while over the Press dispatches from Korea, stating that Mrs. Hattie Heron, late of Jonesboro, Tennessee, was under sentence of death in Korea for teaching the doctrines of Christianity. Upon this, a correspondent sent us the following brief remarks, which we think the reader will appreciate in more ways than one :Š " Inasmuch as ' the powers that be are ordained of God," and as every soul is counseled to be 'subject unto the higher powers,' I suppose that those people who hold to the theory that civil government has a right to enter the realm of religion and enforce, under pains and penalties, its conceptions of purely religious requirements, and that we can therefore never be justified in refusing to obey its mandates in this re-spect, would have advised Mrs. Heron, and would still advise others of similar Christian zeal, to stop preaching Christ in Korea, and to absolutely refuse.. to carry out the Lord's commission, ' Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature,'  until such time as `the powers that be,' might see fit to look upon it more favorably. " We think so. And we might add, that if only our States were independent powers the persecu-tion of this Tennessee lady in Korea might offset the persecution of those people in Tennessee who choose not to keep the " Christian " Sabbath. And if that in Korea can be counted persecution, what is this in Tennessee ? Ł Ł THE Voice of October 3, 1887, said:Š " Every department of life must be made to con-form to the principles of Christianity. The Saviour refused the kingdoms of the world on Satan's terms. He will have them on his own terms. For this con-quest the clergy are needed. They lift the govern-ments of earth with a leverage that has for its fulcrum the throne of God." That is all true as it stands, but it is not true as the Voice intends it; because it presently in-quired, " Why should the clergy lose interest in— secular things?" thus showing that it is by polit-ical agitation and legislationŠreligious prohibition "civil" Sabbath observance, etc.,Šthat they are supposed to lift the kingdoms of the world. But it is not by legislation that any such thing as that can ever be accomplished. It is true that this is to be done by the power of God, but this power is exerted by his holy Spirit and not by legislatures. It is manifested through the gospel and not through law. HERE is a quotation that is worth reading just DOW :Š "Nations and kingdoms are to be the servitors of the church, with its Bible, its sanctuary, and its Sab-baths. Human governments and races and genera-tions are to be the enginery and the apparatus, the forces and influences through which the church shall ascend to dominion over the world, and those na-tions and kingdoms that refuse this grand service to the church of God shall perish and be utterly wasted." Some . of our readers may think that this is quoted from some Roman Catholic bishop or priest or paper or book, but it isn't. It is quoted from Rev. Byron F. Sunderland, D. D., of Wash-ington, D. C., a Presbyterian, and a member of the American Sabbath Union, in a sermon preached in Washington City, and printed in the Christian Statesman of June 27, 1889. Then after nearly two pages of the same-sort, he closed up with "Over the chasm of a century, I see a mighty arch. On that arch 'must be graven an inscription. What shall it be ? ' This is the gateway to the favor of God and all human felicity ? ' or this other mournful epitaph which the world shall read with sorrow of despair: Here sank the American Republic, the most favored, the proudest, the grandest of all the unions of the earth because she derided God, and de-spised the service of his ever-living church' ? " Ansi that shows plain enough what all his de-mand for Sunday legislation is for. He wants this government to serve the church. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single shascription, post-paid, - 5s. Aclhe§S., ' AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1015 Castro St., OAKLAND, DAL'. 