646-; .ANIERIOAN SEN;RINEjL. it had from the Arabsi this world which it had-from God, and, in exchange for all that you have made it lose, it has received from you THE INQUISITION: Šthe Inquisition, which certain men of the party try to-day to reestablish; which has burned on the funeral pile millions of men; the Inquisition which disinterred the dead to burn them as heretics; which declared the chil-dren of heretics infamous and incapable of any public honors, excepting only those who shall have denounced their fathers; the Inquisition, which, while I speak, still holds in the papal library the manuscripts of Galileo sealed under the papal signet. These are your master-pieces. This fire, which we call Italy, you have extin-guished. This Collossus that we call Spain you have un-derminedŠthe one in ashes, the other in ruins. This is what you have done for two great nations. What do you wish to do for France? Stop ! you have just come from Rome! I congratulate you; you have had fine suc-cess there. You come from gagging, the 'Roman people, and now you wish to gag the French people. I under-stand. This attempt is still more fine, but take care, it is dangerous. France is a lion, and is still alive!" But what Rome had already done for France was written in the blood of the French Revolution. Protecting Divine Institutions. BY W. N. GLENN. THE Christian Statesman of October 15, contains some editorial comments on the views of a contributor concerning the new Connecticut Sunday law, in which occurs the following expression:Š "The people who desire a Sabbath at all, desire it for moral and religious ends. They believe it to be a God- given rightŁ." It would be folly to dispute the .correctness of this statement; and if the National Reformers, of whose cause the.  Statesman is an ardent supporter; would only stand by it, they would soon find that their labor, in advocat-ing Sunday laws, is altogether superfluous. The al-mighty Ruler of the universe, who ruleth "in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will" (Dan. 4 : 17,25,32), has long ago given a Sabbath law for the very purpose expressed in the foregoing quotation. It is of universal application; for "the Sabbath was made for man" (Mark 2:27) in the very beginning of the history of his race (Gen. 2:1-3). Not only is this Sabbath law universal in its applica-tion, but it is perpetual in its purpose. It is an essential section of that law of which Christ said not "one jot or one tittle" should fail while heaven and earth should stand. Matt. 5 :18; Luke 16:17. It is not to pass away even when this sin-cursed earth shall have been "dis-solved," and the works that are therein "burned up;" but it will be in force in the "new earth, wherein d welleth righteousness." 2 Peter 3 :10-13; Isa. 66:22,23. Then, for what purpose is any further law on the  subject? "The law of the Lord is perfect" (Ps. 19:7) and perpetual. What, then, can man add to it, either of righteousness or power? "Shall mortal man be more just than God? Shall a man be more ppre than his Maker?" Job 4:17. But neither the Statesman, nor the National Reform combination which it represents, will stand by the utter-ance to which we have thus briefly alluded. It immedi- ately adds:Š. Ł "An adequate law on the subject must therefore pro-tect the Sabbath as a divine institution, and as a right bestowed by God. It must protect the Sabbath in the sense in which Christian people regard it." This is just the trouble with National Reformism; it wants to enforce Sabbath-keeping from -the standpoint of human regard. It practically ignores the "sense" in which God regards it. The law of the Lord being "per-fect," as before noted, any change, or addition to it, must render it imperfect. Then a Sabbath law, in anywise different from the law of God, could not be an "adequate law." Therefore man cannot enact an adequate Sab- bath law. If any legislative body were to enact the fourth com-mandment in the very words in which the Lord gave it to man, it would be an act of blasphemous assumption. It would be presuming to add to the wisdom and power of God in the matter of enforcing his law. It would be saying to the Almighty, We have devised a better way than yours to secure proper Sabbath observance. It would be degrading the universal, perpetual law of God to the level of a local, temporary ordinance of fallible man. It would be reducing the commandment from the high character of a law which can be obeyed only by the impulse of faith and love, to the low plane of a human statute whose ultimate power of execution is the sword. Human legislation upon the Sabbath question, or upon any other religious doctrine, is virtually an attempt to withdraw moral judgment froin the court of heaven and place it under the jurisdiction of the court below. The idea of protecting divine institutions by human device is altogether presumptive. When Israel underto ok , after placing it in an unwarranted position, to protect the ark of God by their own power, it fell into the hands of the Philistines. Then God showed his power to protect it in his own way, and it was soon restored without the aid of the professed, people of God who had assumed to work upon the National Reform plan. When Uzzah essayed to "protect" the ark and keep it from falling, when it was being carried by Israel on a cartŠa means devised by the heathenŠinstead of on the shoulders of the priests, as commanded by the Lord, he was promptly stricken with death. 'But when the com-mandment of the Lord was obeyed (not enforced by some incompetent human authority), there was no more trouble about protecting the ark. All that God requires of men is to obey his command-ments (Eccl. 12:13), not to enforce them upon one an-other. As the Lord himself did not compel men to obe- 