164 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. punishes the adulterer and the seducer, but it can-not prevent licentiousness. Here is a man whose very soul is rotten with iniquity. He cherishes lustful desires toward someone of the opposite sex, and his whole thought is hoW he can accomplish his design. He thinks of it by day, and dreams of it by night. He lives in an atmosphere of impurity, and is wholly corrupt. In imagination he again and again accomplishes his desires ; but something happens to prevent the overt act, and nobody but himself knows his evil purpose.' Yet, according to the Bible, he is as guilty as though the act had actually been committed. The Sav-iour said that he who looks upon. a woman with lust, has already committed adultery. But law cannot prohibit lust. Even the agents of the Inquisition cannot fathom a man's thoughts and read his corrupt desires. So it is utter folly to speak of suppressing im-morality by law. It is not only folly but it is wicked, for it leads to an establishment of a false standard of morality. When men talk of put-ting down immorality by law, they thereby say that the outward observance of the law, which is all that can be secured, is all that constitutes morality. Therefore they deceive the man who is outwardly correct in deportment but abomi-nably corrupt in heart, into the belief that he is an upright man. The writer of the article under consideration makes the old lady say : "I want a law passed that will compel people to keep the Sabbath-day just as much as to keep them from killing folks." Now granting that it is just as wicked to break the Sabbath as it is to murder, it does not follow that there should be a civil law against Sabbath-breaking, just as to punish murder. The two things are entirely dissimilar. A man may break the Sabbath, and do no injury to any person be-sides himself. He does not interfere with the inalienable right of any individual to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, as he does when he commits murder. He does not by his act compel anybody else to do wrong. His act begins and ends with himself; therefore the Government can-not rightfully take any notice of it. But says one, What about the hilarious, bois-terous Sunday picnics, in which drunken hood-lums annoy people, disturb worship, and endan-ger or destroy property ?ŠWhy, deal with them just as you would on any other day of the week. The same law that arrests the drunken hood-lum for making a nuisance of himself on Mon-day will do it on Sunday. The old lady in the story said that her Christopher was doomed to de-struction if Sunday labor and amusements were not stopped. This again shows the National Re-form theory that the people of the country are to be saved by law. The State is to take the place of the church, and men are to be swept into the kingdom of Heaven by wholesale, whether they will or no. The gospel knows nothing of such methods of salvation. Only one point more need take our attention. That is the intolerance of religious legislation. Says the old lady: "I want a Sunday law and want it enforced, and if somebody or other don't believe in keeping the law, let them go where there ain't none. We do not want them here." And again, "The quicker we send them out of this land, the freer we shall be." These state-ments stamp this Sunday-law movement as being the very essence of National Reform, for the read-ers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL have often read the statement made by Mr. Graham, one of the  vice-presidents of the National Reform Associa-tion, to the effect that if the enemies of their movement did not like it they could go to some barren land, and in the name of the devil and for the sake of the devil, stay there till they die. Now notice where this false zeal for religion will lead these people to. First, they must Christian-ize the country by law. Those who do not like the law and do not wish to be Christianized after their methods can leave the country. But some other country to which they might go will be fired with the same kind of zeal, and so will re-fuse to receive them. Thus we may imagine them wandering from country to country only to find that all are zealous for the same sort of millen-nium, and that the people are getting so good that they will not tolerate anyone who they think is bad, and that will be the one who does not think as they do. Then what then the only thing to do with these persistent heretics, who re-fuse to be Christianized according to the National Reform idea, will be to put them to death. There will be no room for them on the earth. This was the conclusion that was reached in the days of the Papal supremacy. And if National Re-form, which is the image of the Papacy, shall ever be carried to its finality, it will result again. The spirit of so-called National Reform from Sun-day legislation to the end of the chapter is the spirit of intolerance and persecution. E. J. W. A Voice from Missouri. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir : As a friend of religious liberty, I certainly sympa-thize with you in your noble effort to maintain the liberty vouchsafed to us by the Revolution-ary fathers, and which is so unmistakably taught by Christ and his apostles. Having for the last eighteen years been a minister of a church which adheres strictly to the observance of the first day of the week (Sunday), what I have to say can be looked upon in no other light than in the cause of justice and a willingness to grant to others the same rights and privileges I demand for myself. I have before me the "National Sunday bill" as introduced into the United States Senate by Senator Blair, and the amendments proposed by the American Sabbath Union, and I can look upon the measure in no other light than as a stepping-stone to a union of Church and State, and a repetition of all the intolerance and big-otry that characterized the Dark Ages. I am opposed to the Blair bill, first, because it antag-onizes the teachings of the Bible; second, be-cause it undermines the principles of a free Gov-ernment; and third, because it is an invitation to a serious and bloody religious war. I want to go on record as being, first, last, and forever, opposed to all such arbitrary laws, cunningly devised by designing men as a means to assist them to ride into power. I have a right to express my opinion in com-mon with every other citizen, and I am willing to grant to others the same privilege; but it seems that there are some persons in this country who are not satisfied unless they are trying to pull down someone else. I want each individual to be free in politics and religion. Let every man be his own pope, vote as he pleases, and think for him-self. There can be no objection to the principles of morality (in the common acceptation of the word) being taught in our public schools, but there is no use in talking about teaching the "principles  of the Christian religion" in the schools, for be-fore it could be done, some ecclesiastical conclave would have to decide as to what constitutes the " principles of the Christian religion." And after all it would not be the principles of the Christian religion, for, as taught by Christ and his apostles, those principles are one thing, and, as taught in the creeds and dogmas of men, they are quite an-other. Religion should be left to individuals, each man to worship as he pleases and when he pleases. Constantine's decree fixed a sabbath, and united Church and State; and the logical result was the PapacyŠthat wicked power which in the name of religion put to death 70,000,000 souls, and de-stroyed political and religious liberty for over 1,200 years. It is to be hoped that the United States will not make the same fatal mistake. Re-ligion and politics cannot be mingled together without corrupting both. Unite Church and State, then the blood of our fathers will have been spilt in vain, and political as well as relig-ious liberty in this country will be at an end. Pass the Blair bill, and the time will not be far distant when the horrors of Roman and Protest-ant cruelty will be repeated in this country. God forbid that such should ever be the case! Religious intolerance is bad enough without be-ing backed up by the strong arm of the Govern-ment to enable it to carry out in fact what it would do if it had the power. A church that has not got merit enough to stand without the aid of human law, is not worth being continued, and deserves to come to naught. Apostate churches have always tried to enlarge their borders by the aid of human law ; but not so with Christ and his followersŠand when teach-ing and moral suasion fail, the proper work of the man of God is at an end. Every Union soldier who signed the Sunday-law petition has done just that much to build up the very thing that he fought to pull down. As our Government now stands, it gives to every man the right to " worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience." And no one but an ecclesiastical bigot, or would-be tyrant, would want it otherwise. What would the world have thought of Christ and his apostles should they have gone to Caesar and asked him to force, by decree, the Jews and pagans to keep the first day of the week, and teach the "principles of the Christian religion" in their synagogues and temples? This is just what these "orthodox " churches are asking our Government to do. I am neither Jew nor Seventh-day Bap-tist, but when it comes to opposing them by hu-man law, I am opposed to it. A union of Church and State is not only sub-versive of the liberties of the citizens of the State but it weakens the church also. Mr. Goldsmith, in his " History of Rome," page 306, says that " Con-stantine, being sole monarch of the empire, re-solved to establish Christianity on so sure a basis that no new revolutions should shake it. He commanded that in all the provinces of the em-pire, the orders of the bishops should be obeyed." On page 308 he says: "After this, it never re-sumed its former splendor; but, like a flower trans-planted into a foreign clime, languished by de-grees, and at last sunk into nothing." There is a move in this country, by the so-called "orthodox " churches, which if successful will bring about the same result. It does not re-quire a prophet's eye to see what is coming. They will not ask just yhat they want at first, 