JUNE 14, 1894. SPINTrIP INT 189 attain to it. In other words, it is timeŠthat is the stuff of which the web of his life is woven. That time is his, possessed by him in indefeasible right. May he take, civilly, one-seventh of his neighbor's time, ten years of his life ? May his neighbor take one-seventh of his life, ten years of his time, and devote it to any purpose whatever,? If not, then have they the right to delegate to you the power to take away one-seventh of the life-time of all the people ? For, if it be true that they have that right, and may therefore give it to you, then the representative of the Knights of Labor who spoke at the late Sunday Convention at Washington, was on the right track when he said, " We go farther than you, and demand two days in the week, Saturday for play and Sunday for rest;" and it may prop-erly be made a penal offense to labor on Saturday and Sunday ; and if for two days then for three, four, five, six, seven; and the State may properly dictate what shall be the works of necessity and mercy per-missible for any and all days of the week. Then a man's life-time is not his, but has been absorbed into the being of a vampire of his own creation. If this can be so, what then becomes of the " inalienable rights " of " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," which the Declaration of Independence asserts ? It is therefore by the inexorable logic of their position that those who are promot-ing the passage of Sunday laws are com-pelled to deny the soundness of the foun-dation principles of our Government, " All men are created equal," and, " Gov-ernment derives its just powers from the consent of the governed," declaring them to be untrue and dangerous doctrines. At a joint convention of the Sabbath Union and National Reform Association, held at Sedalia, Missouri, last summer, Rev. W. D. Gray said, in open conven-tion, Ł " I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that fea-ture of our fundamental law." The assent of the convention to these views was shown by the election of Mr. Gray to the secre-taryship of the permanent State organiza-tion. Col. Elliott F. Shepard, president of the American Sabbath Union, in a speech made at Chautauqua last summer, said: " Governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned. God is the only lawgiver. His laws are made clear and plain in his Word, so that all nations may know what are the laws which God ordained to be kept." These open statements show that the Sabbath Union and National Reform As-sociation are, by the utterances of their representative men, traitors at heart. They unblushingly declare their disrespect for the principles of the Declaration of Independence, as a preliminary to the request to Congress for the passage of laws in violation of the Constitution. They are at enmity with the Declaration and Constitution because they desire to ignore rights which the one specifies and the other secures to the people. In this nation every individual is subject to the Government, and this Government derives its authority from no foreign power. The just powers of this Govern-ment, then, if not from the governed, must be derived directly from God. We can understand how that the people express their highest civil conceptions in voicing human law; but if there be no human  law, and all law is the expression of the perfection of God, what medium shall give voice to it ? Upon this point hear Rev. W. F. Crafts, secretary of the Sab-bath Union, in the convention lately held in the city of Washington. The following is verbatim :Š MR. HAMLIN. Is it proposed that an end should be put to the running of the street cars on Sunday ? MR. CRAFTS. Well, whatever the law may be, I suppose the consciences of the people, and the officers, will carry out the law; otherwise, I suppose the cit-izens will form a law and order league, to aid in the enforcement of the law; for, even independent of police, local influence, a law and order league is useful in connection with the officers. As to newspapers and street cars, these would come either under " secular work" or "works of necessity and mercy," and that is a matter of interpretation by the courts. . . . But the question of horse cars and. newspapers will undoubtedly be discussed by the courts, and some-thing will either be put into the law or decided by the courts shortly after the law is passed. See also " Notes of Hearing," before the Senate Committee (of the Fiftieth Con-gress) on Education and Labor, on the joint resolution (S. R. 86) proposing an amendment to , the Constitution of the United States, respecting establishments of religion and free public schools, p. 90:Š SENATOR PAYNE. Let me inquire whether Unita-rianism is within the principles of the Christian reli- gion ? . . Is not Unitarianism a direct denial of the divinity of Christ and the. Christian Church ? and is that to be prohibited, or is it to be allowed ? THE CHAIRMAN. The court would have to settle that wherever the question was raised. There is, then, no controversy but what these questions raised by this line of legis-lation must come before the courts for ad-judication. If this is to be " the American Sabbath," and these the necessary meas-ures for its "preservation," who will be the " American god "ŠJehovah ? the courts ? or the theological instructors behind the bench ? This is not a new subject in the commit-tee-rooms of Congress. The Twentieth Congress was largely petitioned for the stoppage of Sunday mails, and it was then said that " these petitions did in fact call upon Congress to settle what was the law of God." The measure was reported upon adversely, the Senate concurring. See "Register of Debates in Congress," Vol. 5, p. 43, and " Abridgments of Debates of Congress," Vol. 10, p. 232. The report of Mr. Johnson, of Kentucky, from the Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post roads, to whom these petitions had been referred, is germane to the present issue. It is submitted that the committee of the District of Columbia would, in this in-stance, be justified in presenting a similar report on H. R. 3854, on similar ground. As to the point that the District of Co-lumbia already has Sunday laws in force and enforceable, see "Laws of the District of Columbia, 1868," p. 137, sections 10 and 11 (re-adopted in 1874). Section 92, p. 9, of the " Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia," says: " The laws of the State of Maryland, not inconsistent with this title, as the same existed on the twen-ty-seventh day of February, 1801, except as since modified or repealed, continue in force within the District." The authority so to legislate is shown in " Laws of Maryland, 1791 " (1 Dorsey, p. 269, chap-ter 45, section2), in connection with the clause in section 8, Article 1, of the Con-stitution of the United States, where, in citing the powers of Congress, it says: " To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may by cession of particular States, and the ac- ceptance of Congress, become the seat of government of the United States," etc. The district being thus under the juris-diction of Congress, and the Maryland law adopted, the " Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia" (section 1049, p. 122) determines what court has jurisdic-tion of cases coming under this law. It is there found to be the Police Court, and section 1054, same page, provides that " the court may enforce any of its judg-ments or sentences, by fine or imprison-ment, or both." Therefore, although the penalty affixed to the Maryland law may have become obsolete or difficult of deter-mination, authority is lodged in the court having jurisdiction to affix its penalty by " fine or imprisonment, or both; " and in evidence of the fact that the law survives, although the penalty may become obso-lete, see " United States vs. Royal], 3 Cranch, Circuit Court Reports," pp. 620-625. If Congress ever had the power to adopt such a law the Maryland Sunday law of 1723 is still in force, and enforceable, in the District of Columbia, and to adopt another would be simply cumulative leg-islation. But, on the other hand, if it be true that, when " legislating for the District of Columbia, Congress is bound by the prohibitions of the Constitution," and Congress never rightfully adopted this law into the statutes of the District, then Congress would be guilty of cumulative unconstitutionality in passing the law con-templated in House Resolution 3854. Our Present Condition. THE man who has been blessed with the ordinary gift of discernment may be startled by halting a short time and tak-ing a view of the situation of things around him. And surely there is suffi-cient cause for wondering when we realize that in this land of boasted wealth and plenty,the home of the honest workingman, such a state of things exists as is repre-sented, as follows, in the Reading (Pa.) Review, of recent date :Š Hard times, hard times, panic, industrial depression, stringency in the money market, mortgage fore-closures, eviction, idleness, bankruptcy, strikes, lock-outs, boycotts, riots, want, starvation, crime, anarchy, dynamite bombs, burglary, incendiary, murder, and death from exposure and want of food. These are words I hear upon the streets, in the mills, stores, private offices, lecture stage, pulpit, press, and in the homes of high and low; from men and women, some with resignation, some with indif-ference, others with fierce and terrible oaths. And is it possible that in a land of plenty there is starvation ? We know it is. Were there ever more stirring times than at present, especially in times of seeming Peace ? To this question we can answer, Never ! Honest men are wandering from town to town seeking for something to do; begging for :the privilege of earning an honest living. To be sure, there are others who go from place to place who do not care to earn what they get, while the honest are willing to turn their hand to anything to support themselves, and fill the mouths of their hungry wives and children, whom they have left behind. Thousands are in this condition to-day. And this picture is not a dream, but a stern reality. It is beyond the power of man in a natural condition to solve this problem, to give a reason or an excuse for this great depression. Can we wonder that crime 