88 THE AMERICA_N SENTINEL,. VoL. 6, No. 11. NlEw YORK, MARCH 12, 1891. NOTE.- Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have ho fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is proposed to hold, next October, in Philadelphia, a National Reform Confer-ence, at which papers upon various Na-tional Reform topics will be read by lead-ing men in sympathy with the movement. IT is stated that the Sunday Rest League, of Chicago, has a branch organ-ization in every ward of that city, and numbers thirty-two thousand members. One principle of the League is to give municipal support to no man unless he pledges himself to close the saloons on Sunday. THE Oakland (Cal.) Times says that Judge Green, of that city, recently refused naturalization papers to one Rev. Ł Axel Magnus Le' Vean, because he "failed to answer the questions propounded to him. The Court advised him to read the Con-stitution of the United States, and post-poned fiirther examination until some future time." It is stated that the new Mayor of Sa-vannah, Georgia, is moving forward in a rigid enforcement of the State Sunday law, not only closing all saloons on Sun-day, but those horrid hot-beds of viceŠthe barber shops as well. Now if blacking boots and splitting kindling could only be stopped in Savannah on Sunday, the mil-lennium might begin at once. THE SENTINEL has mentioned the report which the Independent was able to make upon the question of Sunday closing as viewed by individual members in the Con-gress of the United States. It will be remembered that a considerable majority of those who expressed an opinion are in favor of Sunday closing. Now if the question of a Sunday law for the Nation, or even the question of Sunday closing for the World's Fair, should come before Con-gress for action, can any one doubt that these members who have expressed their opinion in favor of it, would cast their vote as congressmen in the same direction ? And in that case, in view of the figures given, can any one doubt that a Sunday bill would pass that body if it were pre-sented ? THE SENTINEL has been sneered at by some people in the United States, for say- ing that there is danger that a Sunday bill would pass Congress, if such a bill were to come before that body for a vote. We have cared nothing for any of those sneers, because we have known all the time, pre-cisely what we were talking about; and the figures of the Independent simply demon-strate that THE SENTINEL is a sentinel indeed, and not an alarmist. This is not saying that we believe that those members of Congress do themselves keep Sunday, or have any real regard for it; but because throughout the land, as well as in Congress, there is in the minds of many men, who really care nothing at all for Sunday, a touch of superstition which causes them to fear that there may be something about Sunday and its observ-ance, which they ought not to oppose; and which causes them to think that it would be better for them to keep on what they think is the safe side. They will therefore yield to the superstition instead of looking into the matter for what it is, and acting upon conviction. There will yet be en-acted by Congress some kind of a law that will commit this Nation to the doctrine of the sacredness of Sunday. THE Baptist Examiner, of this city, pub-lishes an " appeal to the people of New York," from which ;we take the following extract :Š An act to repeal what is familiarly known as the " Ives Pool bill " has been introduced in the As-sembly, and has been referred to the Judiciary Committee. The Pool bill was passed in 1887, and was ostensibly " for the purpose of improving the breed of horses." Its real purpose was to permit and legalize betting on races or " pool-selling " for five months in the year, suspending during that period certain sections of the penal code. By a strange inconsistency, an act which the laws pro-nounce a felony and prison-offense during seven months of the year, is authorized and made innocent during the remaining five. There is the same " strange inconsist-ency " in Sunday laws, which make crim-inal upon one day of the week those things which are not only harmless upon all other days, but necessary and commend-able. Pool bills of the Ives ilk, and Sun-day laws should be blotted out together. Ł -Ł A CURIOUS question of conscience was raised at the Philadelphia meeting of the American Sabbath Union. It was this : The new Constitution as submitted by the committee directed the new Board of Man-agers to divide themselves by lot into three classes, whose terms should expire in one, two, and three years respectively. The Rev. Dr. Barr, of the United Presby-terian Church, took the position that the lot was the ordinance of the Lord, and was never to be resorted to if the same thing could be accomplished in Iny other manner; and he proposed that the Union should designate the managers in the vari-ous classes, notwithstanding that the New York law required them to be divided by lot. The Doctor maintained that the State  had no right to require the observance of a divine ordinance. The difficulty was gotten over by strik-ing out all allusion to the method of di-viding into classes, and simply providing that there should be a board of twenty-one managers, one-third of whom should go out of office and their successors be elected each year. It seems very strange that men who were assembled for the express purpose of influencing legislation in the direction of compulsory Sunday observance, claiming that the keeping of that day is required by the law of  God, should be so tender upon such a point as that raised by Dr. Barr. IN accepting the Prohibition nomination for the Kentucky Legislature, last fall, Mr. Emmet C. Rudolph said :Š If elected, I shall do all in my power to assist in restoring the protection of law to the sanctity of the Sabbath in every community of the State. This appears to have been the point which Mr. Rudolph especially emphasized, and commenting upon this fact a Western paper says :Š This strikes us as rather strange. We presumed that if a man were elected by the Prohibition party, he would do all in his power to secure prohibition ; but this man assures his party that if they elect him, he will exert himself to the utmost to throw a law of protection around the Sabbath. Well, that is not strange when in some States it is not difficult to find so-called Prohibitionists who say that " if the saloon would only close on Sunday it would be about _all we could reasonably ask." A " CIVIL " Sunday-law circular that is being extensively scattered in California, bears upon its margin, this legend :-- Keep this in your Bible, work and pray night and day, until our Sunday law is restored and faithfully kept But what has this to do with a " civil " day ? IT is confidently asserted that both ex-Governor Beaver, of Pennsylvania, and Governor Pattison, are in favor of retain-ing upon the statute books of that State the Sunday law of 1794, which is a fit companion piece for the Sunday law of Tennessee. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $ I.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. Ł 