378 THE AIVIERICA_N SENTINEL. enjoyment thereof. These rights men already possess as men, by virtue of being men in society, and not by virtue of gov-ernment. These rights were theirs before government was; they were their own in the essential meaning of the term. These rights men " do not hold," says Stanley Matthews, " by any sub-infeudation, but by direct homage and allegiance to the owner and Lord of all,"Štheir Creator, who has endowed them with these rights. It is not the prerogative because it is not the purpose of government to put any restriction, limitation, or qualification, upon these-  rights, but solely to secure them. For the rights of man, as man, must be understood ina, sense that can admit of no single exception; for to allege an exception is the same thing as to deny the principle. We reject, therefore, with scorn, any profession of respect to the principle which, in fact, comes to us clogged and contra. dieted by a p'etition for an exception. . . . To profess the principle and then to plead for an exception, let the plea be what it may, is to deny the principle; and it is to utter a treason against humanity. The rights of man must everywhere, all the world over, be recognized and respected.ŠIsaac Taylor. The plea that the doing of a harmless thing, or even the repeated repetition of it, to an infinite extent, could ever tend to a breach of the peace is most puerile, and is as despotic as it is puerile. The idea is this : You are going quietly on your way doing something which is harmless in itself. But I see you. And I am of so splenetic, irritable, and despotic, a dis-position, that out of sheer wickedness I attack you. A breach of the peace has been committed; but lo, instead of pun-ishing me for the breach of the peace, a law must be enacted forbidding you ever again to do that harmless thing ! And this, forsooth, because it tends to a breach of the peace! You must submit to be robbed of your inalienable right, and be com-pelled to surrender it a tribute to the overbearing demands of my tyrannical disposition. The innocent citizen must be made a slave, and the tyrannical med-dler must be clothed with power. Such an idea is the very essence of despotism. In such a conception there is no recogni- _ tion of any such thing as inalienable right. Such a government would be an unmiti-gated tyranny. Therefore, let it be forever repeated, that no law can ever justly be made for-bidding the doing of anything that is harmless in itself. Such a law is wrong and essentially tyrannical in itself. Such a law isŠnot simply an utterance butŠan enactment of a treason against humanity. And it is no less so when formulated by judicial or parliamentary legislation, than by the arbitrary decree of a despot. Such ideas of law and government have no place under the Declaration of Independ-ence or the United States Constitution. The jurisdiction of the Government is both derivative and limited. It is limited with regard to the co-ordinate departments; more nec- essarily is it limited with regard to the constitu. ents. The preservation of a free government re-quired not merely that the metes and bounds which separate each department of power be invariably maintained, but more especially that neither of them be suffered to overleap the great barrier which defends the rights of the people. The rulers who are guilty of such an encroachment, exceed the commission from which they derive their authority and are tyrants. The people who sub-mit to it are governed by laws made neither by themselves nor by any authority derived from them, and are slaves.ŠJames Madison. The truth and the sum of this whole discussion is that the views propounded in the dictum of Judge Hammond in the King case, are all the way from one hun-dred to nineteen hundred years behind the times; they are as though history had never been written; they are a parody upon progress; a travesty upon justice, and are subversive of every principle of the Declaration of Independence and the United States ConstitutionŠthey would sweep away every right either civil or religious that is therein declared or se-cured, and would again establish the same old despotism both civil and religious which cursed the world for seventeen hundred years, and against which the Declaration and the Constitution are, and were intended to be, an everlasting protest. A. T. J. The Kingdom of Christ. That the " one undying enthusiasm " of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and of the National Reformers generally, namely, " that Christ shall be this world's king," in the sense of ruling over the world, or any part of it, in its present condition, is opposed to the plain teaching of the Scriptures of truth, will appear from an examination of a few texts bearing upon the subject. Christianity was not established as a national system. Its redeemed will be " of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues " (Rev. 7 : 9), but no nation in the aggregate will ever be saved. Even Is-rael, a nation ruled directly by the Lord under inspired leaders and teachers, never developed a generation of sincere believ-ers. In establishing the gospel, James said that God " did visit the Gentiles to take out of them a people for his name." Acts 15: 14. It was necessary to have a separate people, with its priesthood and genealogies, both to represent in types the work of Christ, and to identify him as the seed of Abraham and the son of David, in fulfillment of the promises and the prophecies. But that necessity no longer exists, and therefore Christ " hath broken down the middle wall of partition," (Eph. 2: 14), putting no difference be-tween Jews and Gentiles (Ads 15 : 9), or-daining that " in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him." Acts 10: 35. The gospel of Christ is a gospel of faithŠof personal piety. And the work of faith is  a work of preparation for admittance to the kingdom of Christ; as Peter says "to them that have obtained like precious faith with us," that if they add to their faith the Christian graces, they shall never fall, "for so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." See 2 Peter 1 : 1-11. It is a denial of every principle of the gospel to talk of " Christ coming into his kingdom in the United States " by means of a popular vote or a constitutional amendment. But many seem to entirely misappre-hend the present position and work of the Saviour, and the nature of the authority which he now posesses by the gift of the Father. It is a fact plainly taught in the Scriptures that the Father, at different times, confers authority of an entirely different nature upon his Son. Christ himself makes an announcement of this fact when he speaks of his occupying two thrones at different times, and for differ-ent objects. We refer to Rev. 3:21, where Jesus testifies thus to John: "to him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne." The differences of these thrones, and of the objects of Christ's occupying them, we will notice. Of the Father's throne we say :- 1. It is the throne of the dominion of the whole universe. " God, the Judge of all," sits upon it, and before it must come the actions of all the subjects of the Cre-ator, and from it must go forth the decis-ions which concern the eternal destinies of his creatures. 2. That throne is in Heaven above. It is not, and never was, upon this earth. 3. Upon that throne Christ sits as a priestŠa mediator or intercessor for our race. In this he fulfills the type of Mel-chisedec, who was " king of Salem, and priest of the Most High God." Heb. 8 : 1 says : " We have such an High Priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the Heavens." See Paul's argument in chapters 5 to 9. Christ is a priest after the order of Melchisedec, because his priesthood is on a throneŠthe throne of his Father in Heaven. In this it differs from the priesthood of Aaron. And only in this sense is he a king at the present time--a priest-king. All his present rule and authority is in harmony with his office and character of a mediator or advocate. It is not the authority of an executive, or of one who punishes sin-ners. His authority in that respect is in the future. 4. His occupancy of that throne is lim-ited in regard to time ; his priestly king-dom he will deliver up; his advocacy or work of mediation will end. 1 Cor. 15:24-28. 5. We have no genealogy,of Melchise-dec, and, accordingly, Christ has no pred- 