AMERICAN SENTINEL. 653 military operations to be 'successful' if the leaders ad-hered strictly to the truth. Lying is inseparably con-nected with killing. The error of the commentary lies in the assumption that it is right to kill. As a general thing, the code of 'moralists' is entirely different from that of the Bible. Too much of the 'morality' of this age consists in the justification of one evil because of the existence of another." Pointed Paragraphs. WAS that World's Peace Congress intended solely for dramatic effect?ŠBaltimore Herald. WE are now in the attitude of making a people con-sent to be governed by the consent of the governors.ŠNew York World. IT is possible that when the attempt is made to un-seat Congressman Roberts, of Utah, because of his three wives, explanations may be demanded of the official rec-ognition by the United States Government of polygamy and human slavery in the Sulu Islands.ŠSpringfield Republican. WHILE the Administration is bolstering up imperial-ism by licensing slavery and polygamy and by spending American money to indulge these Oriental savages in concubines, American women are trying to have Roberts unseated because he has two families. The situation is an awkward one for persons who prefer to be consis-tent. Perhaps Dr. Schurman could suggest a way out. ŠBuffalo Enquirer. THE most significant piece of news which has come over the cable from South Africa since the time set by the ultimatum expired was the news that a press cen-sorship had been established by the British. Why is it that "empire," for all its shouting about the "glory" of its deeds, is so passionately attached to darkness? If there is so much "glory," why such a horror of publi-city?ŠNew York World. SOME letters of Cardinal Newman have recently been published, in one of which occurs the following state-ment:Š "A large society such as the church, is necessarily a political power, and to touch politics is to touch pitch." Very true; and to touch pitch is to be defiled. The conclusion is obvious. It is not necessary for any Chris-tian nor for any body of Christians to be defiled; that is self-evident. They can and should let politics and all political methods alone.ŠPresent Truth. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order,. or Express Order, or by Bans Drat on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor orlany other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Sunbeams of ealti? anb Eemperance. This is a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of inter-esting information in such a manner as to be not only instructive but entertaining. The following are the titles of the prin-cipal sections of the work : The House We Live In; The Habitations of Men; Some Strange People and Their Strange Manners ; The Bills of Fare of all Nations ; Dame Fashion and Her Slaves; Health and Temperance Miscellany; Hygiene for Young Folks, Over 224 quarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engravings, One of the most interesting volumes ever published. Regular price. We will send postpaid, Cloth, plain edges, $2.25. $1 .25. Cloth, gilt edges, 2.50. 1.50. THE glitter of gold never helps a person to:see things Pacific Press Publishing Co., in a clearer light. 39 Bond Street, New York. 