254 A_MIEBEI CAN-  SIENTrIVIN-21_40 VoL. 10, No. 32. lead to these conditions, no doubt we should find it in the 'inclination of churches to ad-vance their interests by legislative enactment. The zeal of the Catholic Church in this direc-tion exceeds all others. In fact, this church seems more political than religious. A few years ago a celebrated Irish Catholic divine replying to Froud, the English lecturer, upon the treatment of the Irish by the English, de-clared that the Catholic Church ought to stand at the head of all government, because the pope was the vice-gerent of God and could do no wrong. The leaders in this church now hold to and advocate this doctrine, and are seeking to make this a Catholic country, not by force of arms, as many think they in-tend, but by the ballot. Their priests control the votes of their members, and the pope con-trols the priests. Catholic school officers must be had, if possible, and so with legislatures, judges, and all executive officers. By the signs of the times there is no mistake in this. If any one disbelieves this, he should live in a community where the Catholics dominate, and lie will be soon convinced of its truth. Ł Ł  " EVERY HONEST MAN SHOULD PROTEST."' THE Cincinnati Tribune, of July 20, con-tains a contribution, nearly a column long, from the pen of Thos. Clephane, of Cincinnati, under the sub-heading, " Very Vigorous Pro-test Against the Conviction of Seventh-day Adventists." We extract the following from the last paragraph:Š The Sabbath is a religious, and not a civil institu-tion, and belongs to the Church, not the State. What-ever is lawful on any other day of the week is lawful on Sunday. Every honest man should protest against such law. I do not doubt but these conscientious Ad-ventists can, by looking out of their prison cells next Sunday, see very many working without restraint; loaded cars of excursionists passing by to places of amusement. Why do railroads work on Sunday? Why do all others that labor on that day do so with-out restraint, while this small band of people that have observed the day believed by them the proper one to observe are treated in this manner ? Not being a Christian, but, I hope, a humanitarian, and believ-ing that injustice has been done in this case, I hereby protest. Mr. Clephane, though declaring himself a non-Christian, shows in this protest that he is more nearly in harmony with Christian principles than multitudes of professing Chris-tians. ALL HONOR TO SUCH A JUDGE. [From the Albion (Neb.) Weekly News, July 9.] THE constitution of Maryland provides "that in all criminal prosecutions every man bath a right . . . to a speedy trial by an impar-tial jury." But some years since the legisla-ture ,passed an act providing that in cases of vagrancy the accused might be committed to the workhouse, by a magistrate, for one year or less, without trial by jury. A man thus committed was brought before. Judge Yellott on writ of habeas corpus, and he was promptly discharged, on the ground that the act under which he had been committed was unconstitutional. The case was appealed by the county, and the Court of Appeals (the Supreme Court of Maryland) sustained the statute on the ground that the constitution of Maryland must be interpreted in harmony with the practice under the unwritten constitution of England, in which country the guarantee of trial by jury is not held to extend to such cases. Reinforced by this decision, the magistrates of Maryland continued to commit to the workhouse, without jury trial, such vagrants  as were brought before them; and Judge Yel-lott as promptly discharged every man thus deprived of his liberty who was brought before him on writ of habeas corpus; and this, not-withstanding the fact that case after case was taken to the Court of Appeals, and always with the same result, namely, that the "law" was sustained. But the venerable Judge Yellot treated it as void until his retirement from the bench on account of the infirmities of old age. And we say all honor to such a judge. Ł Ł A HYDRA-HEADED MONSTER. TYRANNY is a monster that never dies. It has passed into a proverb that eternal vigil-ance is the price of liberty; and that is because the spirit of oppression is never destroyed, and, on its part, is sleeplessly vigilant. Be-hold here to-day [1878], this great people, whose passion for liberty is recorded in splen-did pages of history, whose resolution to bui'd on these islands a commonwealth of justice and freedom is written on every acre of its soil in their heart's blood, and in royal blood too; and yet after all these sacrifices and he-roic martyrdoms, the scratch of one man's pen can run through the achievements of cen-turies and turn the arm of England to a bul-wark of barbarism. The cause of such re-currences is not far to seek. The fatality is not in the evil thing, but in some strange popular hallucination like that which Hercules had about the ninth hydra head. Instead of killing that he hid it under a stone; and, in the same way, whenever in history, the Anglo-Saxon has vanquished a wrong, he always spared one of its heads. He hides it away; he calls it obsolete; but, after lying still for a long time, up it starts again at the call of some ambitious partisan, all through this cu-rious disinclination to eradicate a wrong ut-terly and leave no germ of it behind. The chief art of reform is to be radical. No un-repealed statute is ever obsolete. The head of every wrong lives still while its principle is spared, and though it seems antiquated one day, it may be a " spirited policy" the next. ŠMoncure D. Conway. Ł Ł Ł  A DANGEROUS PRECEDENT. [From the Mail and Express, New York, July 30, 1895.] THE action of Vice-Chancellor Pitney, in enjoining a reporter from publishing the de-tails of a suit involving the right of way of the Watchung Railway Company in East Orange yesterday afternoon has created a sen-sation in newspaper circles. It is reported that the vice-chancellor had remarked that " some street railway companies received their franchises very cheaply," when a reporter was seen to leave the room. " Is he a reporter ?" asked the vice-chancellor of a court attendant. Being told that he was, he said, "Fetch him back." The reporter returned. " Let me see your notes," demanded the vice-chancel-lor. They were produced and handed up to the bench. After looking them over, the vice-chancellor is said to have remarked: " You can now leave the room. If one line is printed in your paper about this case I will have you arrested for contempt of court." It is not known how the vice-chancellor became clothed with such extraordinary power. He may have had some special reasons for his action, which have not been made public, but we know of no authority by which the court can sieze the papers of a private individual who may happen to be present at the hearing of a case, and demand of him any memoranda which he may have taken in the course of his  reportorial duties. Not since the abolition of the Star Chamber centuries ago has an attempt been made to establish such a censorship of the press. Instead of previously submitting to the in-spection of a tribunal created by the govern-ment for the purpose, matter which is intended to be published, and receiving a special li-cense to print it, the custom has prevailed, both in England and in this country, of per-mitting the publication of anything which may be written. This, however, is done at the writer's or publisher's peril. If his article contains anything which is libelous, or which would subject him to punishment for con-tempt of court, he must take the consequences. In this country especially the greatest latitude has always been allowed and taken by the press in this respect. It seems to us that it is an unwarrantable infringement upon the freedom of the press for a court to prohibit the publicatlon of its proceedings, which have taken place in the face of day in a court of justice. It would be taking a long stride backward to have the pro-ceedings of legal tribunals take place in secret. While there may have been no partiallar hard-ship caused in this case, still it is a precedent which, if followed, would be a dangerous and far-reaching one. Ł PROTEST AGAINST SUNDAY LEGISLATION. [From the Cape Times, Cape Town, Cape Colony, South Africa, June 19.] A DEPUTATION representative of the Sev-enth-day Adventists waited upon the Right Honorable the Prime Minister, and the Treasurer-General yesterday morning for the purpose of protesting against the proposed legislation on Sunday observance. The depu-tation was introduced by the Hon. J. Rose-Innes, Q.C— M. L. A., and consisted of the following gentlemen : the Rev. A. T. Robin-son, the Rev. S. N. Haskell, Mr. G. D. J. Scholtz, Mr. H. P. Wessels, and Mr. H. J. Edmed. TETE CASE STATED. The Rev. A. T. Robinson, in explaining the views of the deputation and those of whom they represented, said they were thoroughly in accord with every measure calulated to tend towards the best interests of society, but they were strongly against the legislation which was being asked for with regard to Sunday. They would strongly favor a law which would prohibit everything of an indecent and un-civil character on every day of the week, but it appeared inconsistent to them, viewing the matter as they did, to place a law on the statute book which would forbid these things on Sunday any more than on any other day of the week, thus making in the eyes of the law that which was indecent and immoral right on six days of the week. They respectfully protested against Sunday laws, because they believed that such laws were wholly unneces-sary for the good of society. Legislating against what was indecent and immoral they regarded as being in the best interests of so-ciety, but with regard to the matter of Sab-bath observance, that should be left for every man to do as he pleased, as that was a matter of conscience. Countries which had been most dominated by such laws were those in which the continental Sunday was observed. They further protested against Sunday laws because there was a respectable minority in Cape Colony who conscientiously believed that the divine law commanded them to keep holy the seventh day. On this point they had been met with the assurance that the State did not propose to interfere with the right of 