-414 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. N241,',44 SUBSCRIBE FOR .. .  THE SENTINEL . Ł Ł Ł 1113ERTY. A paper set for the defense of liberty, both Christian and Constitutional, and opposed to everything tending toward a union of church and state, either in name or in fact. You Rod fills  Palm! Your NoigitAioDrs mg It. If you are not familiar with this subject you will be surprised, not only at what is proposed, but at what has been already done in the direction of nullifying the constitutional safeguards of liberty of conscience. In clubs of five to twenty-four, to one address, one year  ' 75 cents In clubs of twenty-five to forty- nine, to one address, one year, 60 cents In clubs of fifty to ninety-nine, to one address, one year 55 cents One hundred or more, to one ad- dress, one year 50 cents .A.30)/C))MS111  SENTINEL OF LIBERTY, :824 Dearborn Street, - CHICAGO, ILL. What is  Religious Liberty? THE importance of a correct understanding of this question, and the principles govern-ing the true relation and attitude of the church and state can not be overestimated. Jefferson says, " The spirit of these times may alter, will alter," and it must be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing favor in the public mind, and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of the land in defiance of the Constitution and all Ameri-can Institutions. The Religious Liberty Library Nos. l to 26 will answer the many questions arising in your mind on the subject of church and state. They are substantially bound in cloth, in three volumes; price for the set, $1.25, postpaid. Address THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE PATENTS TRADE MARKS DESIGNS COPYRIGHTS &C. Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention is probably patentable. Communica-tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldestagency for securing patents. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice, without charge, in the Sdentific American. A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest cir-culation of any scientific journal. Terms, $3 a year ; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers. MUNN & Co 361Broadway,  New York Branch Office. 825 F Bt.. Washington. D. C. Single copy of the paper : One year  $1.00 Six months  .50 Three months  .25 