78 TAB AMERICAN SENTINF;td. others who have since stood,  unflinchingly in its defense, against the demands for re-ligious legislation. Very early in the history of the settlement of our country, in some of the Colonies, especially those of New En-gland, religious legislation was introduced. The results of such legislation were seen by them to be inimical to the best interests of both the Church and the State; hence in Article VI. of the Constitution, and in Article I. of the Amendments, we have the following as safeguards against religious intolerance:Š No religious test shall ever be required as a quali-fication to any' office or public trust under the United States. . . . Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. In defining the object of the Constitu-tion, in response to questions from the committee of a Baptist society in Virginia, George Washington wrote, August 4, 1'789 as folllews :Š If I had the least idea of any difficulty resulting from the Constitution adopted by the convention of which I had the honor of being President when it was formed, so as to endanger the rights of any re-ligious denomination, then I never would have attached my name to that instrument. If I had any idea that the general Government would be so administered that the liberty of con-science would be endangered, I pray you be asŁ sured that no man would be more willing than my-self to revise and alter that part of it, so as to avoid all religious persecutions. You can, without doubt, remember that I have often expressed my opinion that every man that conducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected rin worshiping God according to the dic-tatei of his own conscience. In 1830; memorials for prohibiting the transportation of mails and the opening of post-offices on Sunday, were referred to the Congressional Committee on Post- offices and Post-roads. The report of the Committee was unfavorable to the prayer of the memorialists. It was adopted and printed by order of the United States Senate. The position taken in it in refer- ence to religious legislation, is set forth in the following unmistakable language :Š The Committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power authorizing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been made holy by the Al-mighty. . . . If Congress should declare the first day of the week holy, it would not convice the Jew nor the Sabbatarian. . . . If a Solemn act of legislation shall in one point de-fine the law of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, it may with equal propriety' define every part of revelation, and enforce every religious obligation, even to the forms and ceremonies of worship; the endowments of the Church, and sup-port of the clergy. . . . The trainers of the Constitution recognized the eternal principle that man's relation to his God is above human legislation, and his right of conscience inalienable. Has, this clamoring for religious legis-lation ceased ? No; the cry is now more wide-spread than in the past for the State to unite with the Church by placing cer-tain "Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeni- .124,4is in the fUndamental law Of the land." Have we any statesmen at the present.. time so unwise as to sanction this un-American demand ?ŠIt must be said to our discredit that a few such are to be found, who, yielding to the influence of misguided churchmen, are introducing into Congress Sunday-rest bills and other measures which they think are in the in-terests of the Christian religion, but which, if adopted, would prove an open door to a union of Church and State, with relig-ious persecution as the inevitable result. Are there no statesmen to-day wise enough to foresee the evil of such legisla-tion, and staunch enough to defend, as our fathers have done, the Constitution as it now stands ?ŠYes; let it be published to our honor that the true statesman still lives, and in -almost every State in the Union his influence is still felt sufficiently to preserve these principles of right against the encroachments of those who, disregarding them, would compel religious observances. That the Christian religion, through its influence upon the individual, is a benefit to the State, is an undeniable fact; and that all citizens should be protected in the exercise of their religious rights is also beyond question. But let religion not be enforced. " God wants free worshipers and no others." It is only those who worship " in spirit and in.tiuth " of whom it is said, " He seeketh SUch to worship him." Though believers in the Christian religion, in the interests of good govern-ment we say, with. James. Madison, " Re-ligion is not : the purview of human government. eligion is essentially dis-tinct from government, and exempt from its cognizance : a connection between them is injurious to both." And with U. S. Grant we plead, " Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the Church, and the private school supported-  entirely by private contributions. Keep the State and the Church forever separate."ŠN. 1?. L. A. Leaflet. ---Ł  "Herald of Gospel Liberty." Tins is the heading of the first re-ligious newspaper published in the, world. The paper was published by Elias Smith, at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. The first number was issued September 1, 1808, and in it the editor says :Š A member of Congress said to we not long ago (while speaking upon the, state of the people in this country as it respects religious liberty) to this amount: "The people in this country are in general free, as to political matters, but in things of religion multitudes of them are apparently ignorant of what liberty is." This is true ; many who appear to know what belongs to, the]ai. a9‚ citizens, and who will contend for their rights, when they talk or act upon things of the highest importance, appear to be guided wholly by the opinions of designing men, who would bind them in the chains of ignorance all their, days, and entail the same on all their, pos-terity, The design of this, paper is to show the  liberty which belongs to men, as it respects their duty to God, and each other. What this editor said was not only applicable to many at that time, but also to many at the present time. Just notice how very many now appear to know what their rights are, but you can see that in all their talk and actions they are led by the leaders of the National Reform Associa-tionŠby those who would compel them to hold to certain doctrines and observe a certain day under penalty of the law of the land. Religious papers ought to progress. But we find many so-called religious papers of the present day far behind this first religious paper, in regard to what consti-tutes true religious liberty. Mr. Smith, in the same paper, continues on the subject of liberty, as follows :Š Liberty means a state of freedom, in opposition to slavery or restraint, and may be considered as either natural, civil, or religious. The absolute rights of man, considered as a free agent, endowed with discernment to know good from evil, and with power of choosing those meas-ures which appear to him to be most desirable, are usually summed up in one general appellation, and denominated, the natural liberty of mankind. . . Political or civil liberty, which is that of a mem-ber of society, is no other than natural liberty, so far restrained by laws (and no further) as is needful and expedient for the general good of the whole. Hence, the law which restrains a man from injuring his fellow-citizen, increases the civil liberty of man-kind. Every causeless restraint of the will of a subject, whether done by one or more, is tyranny, and every law *concerning things indifferent, is a law destructive of LIBERTY. How many such laws are there to be found in the history of nations ? To mention a few may suffice. In the ninth and tenth centuries, the greatest princes in Europe wore wooden shoes, with long points to them. The clergy, who ruled, being highly offended, declaimed against the long pointed shoes with great vehemence. . . . At length the Parliament of England interposed by an act, A. D. 1463, prohibiting the use of shoes or boots with pikes exceeding two inches in length, and prohibited all shoemakers from making shoes or boots with longer pikes under severe penalties. This was not sufficient; it was necessary to 'de-nounce the dreadful sentence of excommunication against all who wore shoes or boots with points longer than two inches. . . . Religious liberty signifies a freedom to believe in God, and to obey him according to the mani festation which he has made to man, in his works, in the Scriptures, and by the spirit of truth, the manifestation of which is given to every man to profit withal. Every kind of human law respecting religion, is inconsistent with real religious liberty, and the in-terference of the magistrate in, matters of religion is the same as though they should make laws to bind us to our food, manner of preparing it, how and when it should be eaten, etc. The operations of the mind,, are not, can not be, subject to the laws of men, no more than the light of the sun, the rain, wind, or seasons of the year can be under their control. Liberty, either civil or religious, has respect to something more than the name of liberty. Real liberty respects the rights of mankind in general, and this subject can not be well understood, unless the rights of men are understood. You will notice in the fourth para-graph, an instance cited by Mr. Smith re-ferring to the Parliament passing the act against the wearing of the long pointed boots and shoes, which was the common custom at that time, that they did not pass it simply from a civil standpoint.  and inflict a civil penalty; but they passed it from a religious point of view; from the fact that the wearing of them offended THE CLERGY, and one of the penalties denounced was excommunication from the church. S. H. CARNAHAN. 