346 141-m AMERICAN SENTINEL. reasonable view of the matter, and clearly indicates that a large majority of the Chicago saloon-keepers are not in favor of keeping the great Fair open on Sunday; for comparatively few of them could hope to be benefited by anything that would regularly attract people to one par-ticular part of the city. This conclusion corresponds also with statements made by others. In a letter to the Boston Investigator, of October 19, Mrs. M. A. Freeman, Corresponding Sec-retary of the American Secular Union, says :Š When the American Secular Union mass-meet-ing was held last winter, the saloons were visited by members of the board. Not a saloon-keeper would contribute toward the effort to secure an open Fair on Sunday. Every one declared in favor of Sunday closing. They wouldn't endorse a move-ment, they said, that was so plainly opposed to their own interests. The conclusion seems irresistible that in this matter of Sunday closing a large majority of the saloon-keepers of Chicago, and the Sunday preachers are of the same mindŠthey expect to be mutually ben-efited by excluding people from Jackson Park one day in the week. c. P. B. Sad Words from Tennessee. TuE following extract from a private letter written by an old gentleman of seventy-five, a member of the Springville Seventh-day Adventist Church, at Spring-ville, Henry County, Tenn., tells its own story :- 1 have been thinking to-day a good deal about what we would do if I should be sent to jail the latter part of January, as I certainly would be if tried for Sunday work. I presume we would have to hire a boy to take care of our little stock. I can hardly see how the family would get along with-out some one, and, further, if I am imprisoned aboUt February 1, it would prevent me getting any crop,in next season. But perhaps it is wrong to borrow trouble on account of these things, and per-haps I may not be among the arrested ones. The Lord will provide, and I hope I may have sustain-ing grace for every trial. Let us hear from you when you can find time to write, and pray for us all that we may overcome through the blood of the Lamb. Four days later another letter from the same hand says :Š I am indicted along with some thirteen others of our,  church, for working on Sunday. Brother Ward told me so yesterday evening. Just who are indicted we do not exactly know. The sheriff told the person who told Brother Ward that we would, be arrested either this week or next. . . . Now what we shall have to do will be to shape ourselves as best we can for my imprisonment somewhere near Feb. 1, 1893, as conviction is sure to be the result of trial for working on Sunday. I suppose we may be allowed to go on one another's bond for our appearance at court. The first extract told its own story. The two together tell their story.. What is the story which they tell ? Is it a story of the enforcement of just laws, in har-mony with' the injunction, "Love thy neighbor as thyself " ? Is it a story of neighborly loving kindness. Does it em-phasize the boast that here, in this land of the free, equal ail exact justice is meted out to all? Or does it mark as with the thunder clap of approaching doom,Šthat all our boast has become a mockery? Justice hides her face in shame. Equality before the law is at an end. Persecution reigns. Children are called before grand juries to criminate their parents as to their non-observance of a religious doc-trine. Old age is threatened with the shame of public trial and the danger to life and health in confinement to the county jail, or labor in the chain-gang on public roads. Neighborhood inquisitors  insinuate that there is no reason why women also should not suffer equal pen-alties for their loyalty to conscience and their courage to protest. It would be no wonder if such things as these should cause the heart to grow weak and language to fail. But this must not be ; those who, in truth, love God and neighbor and native land, must speak, and that immediately, with heart of cour- age and no uncertain voice. W. H. M. Organizing to Enforce Sunday in Cali- fornia. A CORRESPONDENT writes from Santa Barbara,Cal., of the formation there, on Octoer 11, of a County Sabbath Union. In the course of the meeting these resolutions were adopted Resolved, 1st, That this organization be called " The Santa Barbara County Sabbath Union," and be auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union. 2d. That it is our conviction, that in the absence of a State Sunday law, immediate efforts ought to be made to secure a county closing ordinance. 3d. We pledge our hearty co-operation with all good people to secure a Sunday law for our State. 4th.. We urge upon pastors the necessity of mak-ing the doctrine of .the Lord's day more prominent in the presentation of gospel truth. 5th. We urge upon Sunday-school teachers and parents the importance of giving larger attention to instruction regarding the Lord's day. 6th. This organization will use its utmost en-deavor to prevent the desecration of the Lord's day by ball playing and other forms of popular amusement. 7th. This Union pledges to aid the civil authori-ties in the enforcement of the existing Sunday ordinance and such others as may be enacted here-after. Short addresses were made by different ministers present, in favor of the resolu-tions, in which it was said by one, in effect, that unless California should soon have a Sunday law on her statute book the work of the gospel would come to a standstill in California. Another said : " Our movement has many opposers, and the worst class of opposition comes from Seventh-day Adventists. The Jews are willing to submit to the law, but Seventh-day Adventists persist in carrying on their business in open defiance to the law of the land. We must have an effective Sabbath-law" The matter of exemption clauses was raised by this question, which was handed in and read : " If we allow an exemption clause in favor of those who conscien-tiously keep another day as the Sabbath, will not this be used by some who are not Christians, and the law, in a measure, be ineffective ? " To this the answer was made that no trouble need be anticipated on that score, " because it can be readily shown, through the people of the com-munity in which such people live, whether they are conscientious in profession or not." Another minister thought the discus-. sion of that question useless, for, " As for these Seventh-day AdventistsŠwhy there is only a handful of them any way, and as for me, I waste no time on them. I'  don't regard them as worth the powder and shot to blow them up." All present were not of this opinion, for a Presby-terian gentleman arose and said : " I want to say in behalf of these seventh-day people that I know them to be honorable citizens, and just as good Christians as we are. I want to see fair dealing with everybody." This called out from the minister who had already been most prominent in the meeting a dissertation upon the Sabbath  question, in which he attempted to show that Sunday was really the seventh day, prefacing his argument by the assertion that it was through ignorance that many were deceived in this matter. At this point a Seventh-day Adventist, who was present, surprised the assembly with a short exposition of the principles of civil and religious liberty, but this same minister, who had advocated the res-olutions the most zealously, replied promptly : " It is a fact that Church and State have a nearer relation than most people are aware, in the enforcement of Sunday laws, but the constitutionality of Sunday laws are now no longer a matter of argument. The Supreme Court has settled that question in its late decision." He then read extracts from the opinion of Justice Brewer in the Trinity Church case holding that this is a Christian Nation, etc. That there was considerable dissent from the positions taken by the resolu-tions, and those who spoke in their behalf, was shown by the remarks of laymen, and also of some ministers, in 'conversa-tion after the close of the meeting, when they acknowledged that they believed it an error to attempt any coercion in mat-ters of religion. Meetings and discussions similar to this which our correspondent has recounted are occurring all over the country. They are very significant. It is worthy to be noticed that Justice Brewer's decision has now become the canon law of the Church and of the land, beyond which it is al-ready impiety to inquire. The tide is rising rapidly. A Tennessee Paper Disturbed. THE Christian Patriot, published at Morristown, Tenn., is disturbed by the at-titude of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, and says :Š THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is continually yelping and snarling that our Sunday laws, which if en-forced would secure to every laborer a Sabbath of rest, is religious legislation; because these laws are founded upon the fourth commandment and the religious convictions of the people. . . Let us see. The laws forbidding murder and felonious assaults are founded on the sixth com-mandment and the religious opinions of the people. The laws forbidding lewdness are built on the sev-enth commandment and on Christianity. The laws forbidding stealing are founded on the eighth commandment. The laws forbidding perjury are founded on the ninth and third commandments. The law punishing bigamy is established on the first chapter of Genesis. We trust that no unbeliever will be misled by the ill temper displayed by the Patriot, and imagine that Christianity is in any sense responsible for the unkind thrusts contained in the first paragraph of the quotation. All such things are due not to Christianity but to the lack of it. THE SENTINEL does maintain that Sun-day legislation is religious legislation; and this the Patriot virtually admits, and attempts to justify it. It is, however, an error to say that laws forbidding murder, lewdness, stealing, perjury, etc. are founded on the law of God as revealed in his word. Such laws existed long before the Scriptures were written, and have al-ways existed among people totally unac-quainted with divine revelation. Every offense mentioned by the Patriot has been punished by civil law in heathen nations and tribes with absolutely no reference to any divine law, but simply because the practice of any of these things is subver- 