AUGUST 20, 1896. A14411E3ELICAIV" IFIN'IMENTRli i 259 behold many signboards, directing us in vary-ing ways. We get bewildered, and the more so when we are told about our political "duty." We are at liberty to walk in any one of the beaten paths; or we can make a path of our own, but we are aware that that would be hopeless. We have been trained to associate duty with a correct standard of righteousness and an infallible guide; but in politics we possess neither one. We can be guided by our own best judgment from such facts as we can learn; but we do not find in this a sufficient basis for "duty." But we note also that the political field is a very unsavory location. As Christians we are not pleased with the associations which it offers. We find that the "science" of politics is a struggle for the masteryŠa struggle not between good and evil, but between party and party. Whatever the " science " might mean in an ideal sense, this is what men have made it, and what we must accept, if we enter the political field to any purpose. But in such contentions the Christian is out of place. He finds poor company amidst would-be victors seeking for spoils, and intriguers "pulling the wires" in accordance with the accepted rules of political ethics. Ile knows how to be a good citizenŠto live honestly and justly before all men, not infringing upon the rights of any man, and aiding with his influence, and when occasion presents, his vote, the cause that is just. As he has opportunity, he will do good unto all men. This is as God directs. God ordained citizenship; man made the politics. " Politics" has been truthfully likened to a " dirty pool; " and not all the morality in the church, if put into it, would cleanse it. When the church goes into this pool, her skirts will be soiled; that is all. The pool will be as dirty as ever. If any wish for proof on this point, let them note the result already visible from the political sermonizing in which clergymen have indulged in the pres-ent campaign. They will see, not righteous-ness, but accusation, recrimination, and dis-cord. For moral cleansing we must look to the power of God. God will cleanse the sinner, he will cleanse the world; the one by the blobd of Christ, the other by the fires of de-struction. His Word tells us this, but it contains no promise that he will cleanse pol-itics. That is left for man to essay. But in view of the effort we can but recall the words of Scripture, " Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? not one." s. PLAN TO EXTERMINATE TURKS IN CRETE AND MACEDONIA. FROM the latest developments in the prog-ress of events relating to the Eastern ques-tion, it appears that religious sympathy for the " Christians" in Crete and Macedonia is likely to lead to the extermination of the Turks in those countries. This, at least, is the purport of the plan now under considera-tion by the "powers of Europe," according to the New York Sun of Aug. 13. The Sun, says:Š When the parcellation of Turkey comes, France will want her share, and England hers; and even Italy has an eye on Tripoli. It was the almost in-superable difficulty of accommodating conflicting -claims that last year caused Germany and Russia to concur in the harsh judgment that it was better to leave Armenia to her fate than to begin the process of interference, which would inevitably lead to the disruption of the Ottoman Empire. There are signs, however, of a sudden and marked change of policy at St. Petersburg, caused by the fer- vent sympathy of the Russian people for their co-religionists in Crete. It is reported that the Czar is inclined to counte-nance a blockade of Crete by a British fleet for the purpose not of hindering the despatch of munitions to the insurgents, but of obstructing the reenforce-ment of the Turkish troops now in the island. The struggle there would be soon over if this plan were carried out, for the Cretan Christians outnumber their Moslem neighbors in a ratio variously computed at from three to one to seven to one. It is also to be noted that the same motive which would impel Rus-sia to take this course in regard to Crete, would operate with at least equal force in the case of Mace-donia, for there not only are the Christian inhabitants members of the so-called Orthodox Church, but half of them are of the Slavonic race. The " Christians" of Russia and England will keep out the Turkish reinforcements which the Porte might send to the scene of hostilities, while the other " Christians" at the latter place will exterminate the Turks among them,Ša task which they will find comparatively easy owing to their superiority in numbers. But as one writer has pithily inquired, what material difference is there be-tween killing "Christians" in a Turkish way, and killing Turks in a "Christian" way? . s. " SINGLE TAXERS " AND SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS. THE " single taxers," who have been ar-rested for open-air speaking in the streets of Dover, Del., are threatened with the chain-gang. This party have concentrated their political force upon Delaware, with the intent of converting that State to their views, and have been conducting the campaign for some time at Dover. Political opposition led to many arrests, on the charge of obstructing the streets. The " single taxers" had the courage of their convictions, and as fast as their speakers were arrested, volunteers were ready to take their places. The situation at first ap-peared humorous, but is now considered se-rious. We quote from an account which appeared in the Detroit News-Tribune, of August 9:Š The authorities are vindictive and threatening. The single taxers are aggressive, bitter and deter-mined. Neither side will accept a compromise. The citizens of the town are divided in opinion, and many fear that there will be mob violence before the end is reached. From the day of Stephenson's arrest the list of vol-unteers for jail service has been steadily growing. The managers say they have a list large enough to bankrupt the Dover treasury. And it really seems that such is the case. Letters are pouring in to head-quarters from all sections a the country, offering names and asking for dates when wanted. New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington have sent in quite a list. . . . This willingness to suffer for thirty hot days in the dingy jail in Dover does not spring from any hasty impulse or desire to pose as martyrs, but from a firm realization that a principle is at stake and a right to be maintained. It is a splendid illustration of the old spirit of American independence, and it is doubt-ful if its counterpart could be found in any of the or-dinary political movements of the day. Finding that arrest did not check the single-tax campaign, and having a large and increas-ing number of prisoners on their hands, the authorities bethought them of the chain-gang. The Tribune correspondent says:Š The latest developments are the most serious of all. The levy court, made up of "hog" sympathizers, has instructed the clerk of the court to advertize for bids for the hire of all tramps and single taxers in the custody of the county. Bids are returnable Aug. 12. Whether this can be carried out, or is only a bluff, I cannot say. This affords opportunity for an instructive comparison with the case of the Tennessee Adventists, a number of whom, as our read- ers know, have been sent to the chain-gang for refusing to keep Sunday, declaring that to be against their conscientious convictions of duty. They have been accused of posing as martyrs, to advertize themselves and their religion. But what shall be said of these single-tax advocates who have manifested their willingness to suffer imprisonment and the chain-gang for a cause to which they are not bound by religious convictions. The Advent-ists did not leave home to court imprison-ment, but the single taxers volunteer for the chain-gang from a distance, in large numbers. If the charge of posing for t frect can be brought against the Adventists, it can cer-tainly be brought with much more force against these adherents of the single tax po-litical creed. But it is obvious that the latter are not ac-tuated by such a motive. They are men who are moved by their convictions of what the interests of the country demand. They be-lieve in adhering to principle in the face of all opposition. Their imprisonment and the threat of the chain-gang constitute a gross outrage upon liberty of speech, and in their devotion to that and to what they believe to be truth, they are willing to sacrifice their own temporal interests. The Adventists are like-wise moved by that courageous adherence to principle without which the noblest piece of God's creation is but a servile, cringing slave. There is some courage of conviction, some love of God and man, in the world yet. And it is well for the world that it is so. s. LORD WOLSELEY ON THE ABOLITION OF WAR. THOSE who are most familiar with war and with the conditions and causes which lead up to it, are altogether skeptical concerning the coming era of universal peace of which popu-lar theology has long dreamed. They do not believe that lasting peace can ever be evolved out of such conditions as those upon which human society and government are and ever have been constituted. Here are the words of Lord Wolseley, Commander-in-Chief of the Army of Great Britain, to some members of the International Arbitration Society, on the subject:Š Gentlemen, I do not believe in universal peace. There never was a time when peace lasted for long.; and the man who believes the time will come when there will be no more wars, I believe that man to be a dangerous dreamer of dreams, and certainly dan-gerous in any public position. I hope that no man who believes that, may ever be in any high position in England. In commenting upon these words, an Eng-lish journal says: "Surely the Church, for her own credit, will make some protest. Mother church blesses the sword and the bat-tleship, but only as necessary and temporary evils. If she does not look forward to the day when wars and rumors of wars will cease to ravage and alarm poor humanity, then she is a living lie. The note of unbelief has been sounded by the Commander-in-Chief. What says the Primate?" We are inclined to think that so long as "mother church blesses the sword and the battleship," the words of the " Primate" in favor of the abolition of war will have very effect. Certain it is that nothing contributes more to the perpetuity of war among " civil-ized" nations than the idea, which " mother church" fosters by her blessing of sword and battleship, that war is proper and right, at least for the actual participants, if they engage 