zen or interferes with his personal liberty, it is the province of the courts to determine whether it is really an appropriate measure for the promotion of the comfort, safety and welfare of society." We do not, therefore, think the law was authorized by the police power of the State. If the public wel-fare of the State demands that all business and all labor of every description, except works of necessity and charity, should cease on Sunday, the first day of the week, and that day should be kept as a day of rest, the legislature has the power to enact a law re-quiring all persons to refrain from their ordinary callings on that day. (Cooley's Constitutional Limit ations, 725.) All will then be placed on a perfect equality, and no one can complain of an unjust die crimination. But when the legislature undertakes to single out one class of labor, harmless in itself, and condemn that and that alone, it transcends its legiti-mate powers, and its actions cannot be sustained. The judgment will be reversed. Judgment reversed. Mr. Justice Wilkin, dissenting. From a Subscriber Who Ordered Four of Our Premium Bibles. North Liberty, Ind., May 26. PUBLISHERS AMERICAN SENTINELŠGentle-men: I received my Bibles and can say I am very much pleased with them. I thank you for the names stamped on each. I am also glad through your liberal offer to have the SENTINEL sent to so many of my friends. The SENTINEL is to me a very valuable paper. Wishing you success, I remain your friend, CLARA M. WHITMER. A PARTY who has seen our " Premium Bible" and orders a Combination Bible says: "Your $3 Premium Bible with the SENTINEL gives the very best of satisfaction, and I ex-pect mine will do the same when it comes." Circular of the Combination Bible free. Send card for it. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. "OUR NATION'S HISTORY AND SONG." JULY 2, 1896. A.1Dit 171 ClA.NNE11ŠI 207 carry on their respective avocations during seven days of the week, upon what principle can it be held that a person who may be engaged in the business of bar-bering may not do the same thing? Why should a discrimination be made against that calling, and that alone ? But it is said that the law may be sustained under the police power of the State. In Tiedeman "on Lim-itations of Police Powers, the author (Sec. 85) says: " The State, in the exercise of its police power, is, as a general proposition, authorized to subject all occu-pations to a reasonable regulation, where such regu-lation is required for the protection of the public in-terest or for the public welfare. It is also conceded that there is a limit to the exercise of this power, and that it is not an unlimited, arbitrary power, which would enable the legislature to prohibit a business the prosecution of which inflicts no damage upon others." The author also lays down the rule that it is within the discretion of the legislature to insti-tute such regulations when a proper case arises.- But it is a judicial question whether the trade or calling is of such a nature as to justify police regula-tion. In Millett vs. People, supra, in speaking of police powers of the State as applicable to the case then be-fore the court, it is said (p. 303): "Their require-ments have no tendency to insure the personal safety of the miner, or to protect his property or the prop-erty of others. They do not meet Dwarris' definition of police regulations. They do not have reference to the comfort, the safety, or the welfare of society. (Potters' Dwarris on Stat. 458.) In Austin vs. Mur-ray, 16 Pick. 121, it was said: "The law will not al-low the rights of property to be invaded under the guise of a police regulation for the promotion of health, when it is manifest that such is not the object and purpose of the regulation." See also Waterman vs. Mayo, 109 Mass. 315, and cases re-ferred to in Matter of Application of Jacobs, 98 N. Y. 109." In Cooley's Constitutional Limitations (Sec. 484), in speaking in reference to a regulation made for one class of citizens, it is said: "Distinctions in these re-spects must rest upon some reason upon which they can be defended,Šlike the want of capacity in infants and insane persons; and if the legislature should un-dertake to provide that persons following some speci-fied lawful trade or employment shall not have capa-city to make contracts or receive conveyances, . . . or in any other way, to make such use of their prop-erty as was permissible to others, it can scarcely be doubted that the act Would transcend the bounds of legislative power, even though no express constitu-tional provision could be pointed out with which it would come in conflict." Not a Sanitary Measure. It will not and cannot be claimed that the law in question was passed as a sanitary measure, or that it has any relation whatever to the health of society. As has been heretofore seen as a general rule a police regulation has reference to the health, comfort and welfare of society. How, it may be asked, is the health, comfort, safety, or welfare of society to be in-juriously affected by keeping open a barber shop on Sunday? It is a matter of common observation that the barber business, as carried on in this State, is both quiet and orderly. Indeed, it is shown by the evi-dence incorporated in the record, that the barber business, as conducted, is quiet and orderly,Šmuch more so than many other departments of business. In view of the nature of the business and the manner in which it is carried on it is difficult to perceive how the rights of any person can be affected, or how the comfort or welfare of s'ciety can be disturbed. If the act were one calculated to promote the health, comfort, safety and welfare of society, then it might be regarded as an exercise of the police power of the State. In Toledo, Wabash and Western Railway Co. vs. City of Jacksonville, 67 Ill. 37, it was held that if the law prohibits that which is harmless in itself, or re-quires that to be done which does not tend to promote the health, comfort, safety or welfare of society, it will in such case be an unauthorized exercise of power, and it will be the duty of the courts to declare such legislation void. In Ritchie vs. People, supra, in speaking of the police power of the State, the court (110) said: " The police power of the State is that power which enables it to promote the health, comfort, safety and welfare of society. It is very broad and far-reaching, but is not without its limitations. Legislative acts passed in pursuance of it must not be in conflict with the constitution, and must have some relation, to the ends sought to be accomplished,Šthat is to say, to the comfort, welfare and safety of society. Where the ostensible purpose of an enactment is to secure the public comfort, welfare or safety, it must appear to be adapted to that end. It cannot invade the rights of persons and property under the guise of a mere police regulation, when it is not such in fact; and where such an act takes away the property of a citi- " OF making many books there is no end.' One of the latest that has come to our tabb is " Our Nation's History and Song with the Campaign Songs Our Fathers Sung." The book contains 480 pages, is bound in paper covers, and sells for fifty cents. It is well worth the price, as it gives much of real interest not to be found in common histories. Address the publishers, Charles. H. Kerr & Co., 56 Fifth Ave., Chicago, Ill. ONE of the very best numbers of the Bible Students' Library ever issued is " The Eastern Question. What Its Solution Means to All the World." Everybody ought to read it. Price 2 cents. Pacific Press Publibhing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. PURE PRODUCT OF NUTS. iSTUTTOSE/all Perfect Substitute for Beef and other Flesh Foods, Makes Fat and Blood. The contents of each can are equal in nutritive value to 21 lbs. of beef, 3 lbs. of salmon, 2? lbs. of chicken. Thoroughly Sterilized. Partially Predigeited. Easily Assimilable. Delicious. Ready to Eat at Once. . Will Keep Indefinitely. Price, 1 1-2 lb. can, 40 cents. A reasonable discount in quantities. SANITAS FOOD CO., Battle Creek, filch. (Send five two-cent postage stamps for sample package.) The Only (IlternatiVe of Success. ŠBy G. H. LYON.Š Some Condition of Success in the Pro- , hibition _Party is Wanting. What Is It? The Sunday issue has become so involved with the prohi hit ion issue, by reason of the compulsory holiday, making an idle day; and by reason of diverting  of work for prohibition to one day in seven; that it behooves Prohibitionists quickly to give heed to it. NOTE THE ABSOLUTE CONDITIONS. See page 22, "For Repeal of the Sunday Laws." Protection for every man equally in his right to one day of rest in seven; whichever day he holds, not by compulsory Sabbath laws, but in freedom to worship God. PRICE, 15c. 8 COPIES $1.00, Address, G. H. LYON, Sistersville, W. Va. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. No. 2. " " 3 ,, 15c. No. 3. Sealskin, 2 ,, 15c. No. 4 °' 3 ,c 25c. No. 5 Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. No. 6. Sealskin, 4 " 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas Ciy. Mo. A LITER t WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER. DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket Library. A GA Z ETEERŠPAR L I A MENTARY MANUALŠ_ EXPERT CALCULATOR LITERARY GUIDE. " COLUMBIAN It ORD BUILDER." '; mud in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, .50 WITH .SENTINEL, one year, . $1.25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND Sr., NEW YORK. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS -45,800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand —words. More than this- -the same covers contain Four Other Com- plete Books. - Condensation without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Terra Ceia, Fla., Jan. 29, 1896. CYCLONE WASHER CO: I received the machine, and to say that I am pleased idtoo tame. I am perfect ly delighted with it. I have shown it to several and they are all pleased with its work, and talk of buying it. I shall try for orders, and if suc- cessful will want one dozen at once. Bias. E. A. LENNARD. Address, COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. 