450 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ lectual effort of the students, throughout the whole edu-cational system of our time. But what did all this, in its veriest perfection, do for Greece and Rome?ŠIt wrought only their min It-is not enough to say that all of it could not keep them back from ruin : it all only helped forward their ruin. What less can it do for people to-day? When through all the formative years of children and youth, they are caused to dwell intellectually tin Greece and Rome among the Greeks and Romans of the "classic ages," what can they be expected to be, but Greeks and Romans all the rest of their lives?Šjust such Greeks and Romans too, as their models were. And being such Greeks and Romans as their models were, how many generations can pass ere the nations of to-day will have reached the same end as did the Greece and Rome that are their models? To-day, in the schools, children as young as twelve -years, are put through daily drills in Greek and Roman mythology. They are required to read and study the wicked and even abominable conceptions in which the myth is involved. These things they are taught and are required under penalties to learn, when it would be dif-ficult for them to learn anything worse if they were turned entirely loose among the professional liars, thieves, adulterers and murderers, in the very dives of the worst cities in the land. And in this sink of abomin-able conceptions they are kept until they graduate from college or university, especially when they take the classi-cal course. It is nowise different when the youth are induced to take up the study of what passes popularly for art. For the chief models are Greek and Roman; and Greek and Roman. art was idolatry, and Greek and Roman idolatry waŁs abomination of every sort. Their extolled phil-osophy and their boasted wisdom were after the same order. Their philosophy was a lie; their wisdom was foolishness. Such being the great forces that wrought in Greece and Rome, howould such forces work to any other end than ruin? And such being the deep and leading forces which are working to-day, by every means that can be invented, how is it possible for, such forces to work to any other end than ruin? Seeing the inevitable tendency of such education, it is not strange that sober thinkers in both Europe and America should begin to call for something better in edu-cation. In view of the situation as it really is, it is proper enough that the question should have been raised, "Does College Education Educate?" One leading educator who is striving for better things very pertinently re-marks:Š "There is another and most important point at which the subject matter of an educational system touches the well-being not only of the student but of the nation at large : that is the ethical influence. "It cannot but be manifest to every thoughtful ob-server that one of the most discouraging signs of the times, is the want of honest thinking and practical com- mon sense which is daily exhibited in high places and in low, in the rulers of nations, the dispensers of law, the managers of great enterprises, and so on down to the political "boss," or, if there be a lower level, the politician of the saloon. "Trickery and juggling with words in absolute disre-gard of facts ; plausible expressions disguising well-known facts and the disposition to build upon inequitable tech-nicalities, in defiance of the most manifest principles of right and wrong, are the things which give daily support to the views of the anarchist who regards all law, order, and government with hatred, and is pleased to see their representatives discredit themselves and bring daily dis-tress and alarm to those who would fain believe u  in an advancingevolution of the human race and a millennium in even the far-distant future." Yet surely it should not be thought strange that these things should appear in the lives of people whose education has been largely in a literature of which the warp and woof is composed of just suchŁthings. People whose minds have been taking in just such stuff as this, through all their formative years, cannot well be expected to let out anything else in their after years. If the nations desire anything better to appear in their characters than appeared in the characters of Greece and Rome, they will have to give their youth an educa-tion better than that of Greece and Rome— And to give the youth an education better than that of Greece and Rome, their minds will have to be fed with something vastly different from the foolishness, the chicanery, and the abominations generally that are found in the classi-cal literature of Greece and Rome. " Christian Citizenship" in Frainee a Century Ago. THE duties of Christians with respect to the State were clearly defined in the "imperial Catechism," which was imposed upon the church in France by the new empire which had been evolved from the Revolution. They wereŁ  as follows:Š "Ques. What are the duties of Christians, in respect to the princes who govern them? and what, in particu-lar, are our duties towards Napoleon the First, our em-peror? "Ans. Christians owe to the princes who govern them, and we owe in particular to Napoleon the First, our emperor, love, respect, obedience, fidelity, military service, the taxes usual for the preservation and expense& of the empire and of his throne. . . . To honor and serve our emperor is, then, to honor and serve God him-self. "Q. Are there not special motives which ought more strongly to attach us to Napoleon the First, our em-peror ? "A. Yes; for it is he whom God has raised up in diffi-cult circumstances to reestablish the public worship of the holy religion of our fathers, and to be its protector. He has brought back and preserved public order by his profound and active wisdom; he defends the State by his powerful arm; he has become the help of the Lord by the.  