50 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. one's trade, under such circumstances, and to such an extent as to amount to a nuisance, is indictable. Judge McKinney says, in a case where a defend-dant had been indicted and convicted for the utter-ance of obscene words in public, and quoting,  from Blackstone's Commentaries, page 42, that the muni-cipal law looks to more than the protection of the lives, liberty, and property of the people. Regard-ing Christianity as a part of the laW of the land, it respects and protects its institutions, and assumes, likewise, to regulate the public morals and decency of the community. The same enlightened author distinguishes between the absolute and relative duties of individuals as members of society. He shows that, while human laws can not be expected to enforce the former, their proper concern is with social arid relative duties; hence, however aban-doned in principle, or vicious in practice a man may be, if he keeps his wickedness to himself, and does not offend against the rules of public decency, he is out of the reach of the law, but if he makes his vices public, they then become, by the bad example they set, of pernicious effect to society, and are punishable by the law; 1 Swan, 42, citing 1 Blackstone's Commentaries 124; 4 Swan, 41, 42. In an indictment for profanity, which is punish-able under the statute by pecuniary penalty, like this case, it was held that when the vicious acts are public, they will be dealt with as crimes, because of their tendency to disturb and annoy others, and exert a baneful influence upon the morals and habits of the community. Generally any practice tending to disturb the peace and quiet of com-munities, or corrupt the morals of the people, are indictable as public offenses by the common law : 3 Sneed (Cooper's edition) 133, and cases there cited. In 7 Lea, 410, it is held that profanity, when it becomes a public nuisance, is indictable, but in that case it was held the case was not made out, but a single act being proved. In 1 Bishop's Criminal Law, section 946, it is said, public profane swearing and blasphemy have been held in this country to be indictable at the common law, yet less, according to some of the judges,, as tending to sap the foundations of ChrisŁ tianity, than as disturbing the peace, and corrupt-ing the morals of the community. In the next section it is said, but however uncertain may be the precise extent to which the common law protects Christianity, there is no question that it practically and fully cherishes the public morals, and it pun-' ishes, as a crime, every act which it deems suffi-ciently evil, and directly tending to impair the public morals, and while a single act of the clas.s forbid-den by the statute may be punished by a specific fine, as described by the statute, yet if repeated and continued, it becomes punishable by indict- , ment at common law: 1 Bishop's Criminal Law, section 1055. See also section 939, 2 Bishop's Criminal Law where it is said that the doctrine has been laid down, in Pennsylvania, that though a single act of Sabbath-breaking is punishable by a fine, there may be such a succession of acts of the same sort as will amount to an indictable offense. The statute makes it unlawful for any one of the enumerated classes to follow his ordinary-  secular avocation on the Sabbath day, because it is immoral and is of pernicious effect, and, though it may be conceded a single offense may be lial2le only to the penalty prescribed by the statute, yet a succession of such acts becomes a nuisance and is indictable, such a succession and repetition of the acts Are shown in this case, as one witness says, that de-fendant did work at his trade, as blacksmith, in his shop near Springville, every Sunday, and others testify to similar acts on many Sundays, within twelve months before the finding of the indictment, Nor is it necessary to a conviction that the proof should show that any person was disturbed thereby. It is sufficient that the acts, which the law holds as illegal and forbidden, have been done in such pub_ lie manner as to have been open to the observation of the public. Their tendency is to corrupt public morals, and the example is pernicious -and contrary to law, a A the well-being and good order of society. The defendant offered to prove that he belonged to a " Christian sect," who kept the seventh, instead of the first day of the week as Sunday. "A gen-eral prohihition against doing worldly business on the Lord's clay, extends to persons who conscien-tiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Christian Sabbath:" 1 Bishop, Criminal Law, sec-tion 268. There was therefore no error in excluding the offered testimony, nor in refusing to charge as re-quested. There is no error in the record for which the judgment should be reversed, and it will be affirmed. The opinion of the court in this case is thus quoted at length in order that the lines of thought along which it runs may be fully seen. The first authority pre-sented by the Judge is a precedent of his own making in a previous case, 1 Lea 129, where he had held that hunting, and fish-ing, on Sunday, were indictable offenses; and therefore working at one's trade, pn that day, is also indictable. In support of the principle upon which he would base the right to thus judicially legislate and make that indictable which the Legislature only made finable before a justice, he quotes Judge McKinney, who makes his own the theory of Blackstone, that the municipal law has a broader sphere than the protection of life, liberty, and prop-erty; and that it must protect Christianity as part of itself, and so being itself Chris-tianity it must protect itself and regulate the public morals of the community. The word regulate, here used, has had judicial interpretation in a very notable Tennessee case that of the Mayor and City Council of Nashville vs. Linck, 12 Lea 499, in which was considered the constitutional right of the Legislature to confer upon municipalities the right to compel cessa-tion from secular pursuits on " the Sab-bath day " and the " power to enforce observance of the Sabbath day." Here was another example of judicial legislation in which the legislative grant of power to the municipality to regulate by ordinance the carrying on of businessŁ within its limits, was construed to authorize ordi- nances prohibiting business on Sunday or " Sabbath-breaking." In the opinion in this case it is said :Š The word regulate inevitably involves all that is meant by restraint, and more, as it carries with it the affirmative element somewhat of continued action in a defined direction. But this is restraint, so as to prevent other action than that desired. The municipal law, therefore, having absorbed Christianity into itself must pro-tect its Christian self by such municipal regulations as will prevent all other ac-tion than that it desires. Beyond this religious legislation or decree never went, neither does it need to, for the attain-ment of all its ends. In the case in 3 Sneed 133, where profan-ity is held to be indictable, although punish-able under the statute only by pecuniary penalty, and quoted to sustain the similar position taken in the case of Parker, the Judge says of profane swearing,Š It is in violation of the second commandment, and the general injunctions and precepts of re-ligion; it generates a contempt for holy things, tends to the corruption of morals, and the debase-ment of humanity. In all this the public have a deep interest, and may well enforce penalties to avert such consequences. These are but examples, every, case quoted, without exception, teaches the same lesson,Šof a strained construction to permit the following of religio-legal precedents introduced into Tennessee law, through the provincial Church and State laws of North Carolina and derived from the Church and State theories of Black-stone, and ancient religious statutes of England. To follow the different author-ities cited would only be cumulative on the same point, and there is not here suf-ficient space. The quotation from Bishop's criminal law made by the Judge, in the next to the last paragraph of the opinion reprinted here, is well offset by another citation from the same source made by this Judge in his previous decision of the case against Gunter,Š" Mr. Bishop says, unnecesarily to perform secular labor on Sunday, in such a 'way as to disturb the worship of others on Sunday,' is indictable." To dis-turb worship at any time is punishable. But this does not necessarily make Sun-day labor in a shop indictable. A cita-tion from Mr. Bishop, which is more apt to these cases would have been found in Section 344, Volume 1, where it is said :Š And a court that felt itself bound by a statute, could not permit a defendantŁ to show that he deemed it in conflict with God's law; because this would be equivalent to receiving from him a plea of ignorance of the law of the land, which we have seen is not permitted. Therefore a man can not make the defense in court, that there is a higher law than the one there administered forbidding him to obey the law of the court, further than it may tend to shake the legal validity of the latter. Upon this point Baron Hume observes, " the prac-tice of all countries is agreed." The rule lies neces-sarily at the foundation of all jurisprudence; yet, necessary though it is, it has shed the innocent blood of almost all the host of martyrs who have laid down their lives for conscience' sake. Accept this doctrine and human error will be found to have so entrenched itself behind legal precedent that there is no appeal, except to the final adjudication before the court of God. W. H. M. Has Morality a Legal Place in Politics?.  CARDINAL ARCHBISHOP HENRY ED-WARD has said, in his article entitled " Without God No Commonwealth," that "without a higher sanction, and the co-hesion of a moral law, the whole political order would be disintegrated, the whole social order would be dissolved, and the whole domestic life would be confu-sion." Without questioning the truth of this statement, let us ask the question, Is it true that the genius of civil government requires 'a moral law to keep it from dis-solution ? If it is, there must be infinite advances for political science before us; if not, we ought at least to recognize, the 