14 TIE. AMERICAN SENTINEt,.. You may be asked to frame laws to make men virtuous, which may be successfully used in connection with the truth, thereby combining force with persuasiox. Our subject proclaims against such legislation, declaring that force and persuasion cannot be equally yoked together, and that law, being good only when used lawfully, is out of its province when forcibly employed to regulate either the opinions or the habits of the people. With the Judaizing teach-ers in mind, you cannot consistently yield to the demand for such legislation, know-ing that, constituted as men are, if they attempt to use law and force instead of truth and persuasion in the work of reform, they will rely upon the former two to the exclusion of the latter. Force and per-suasion nominally combined will generally constitute simple force in its most objec-tionable form; therefore legislators should resist demands for their combination. Intent upon employing force in the re-formatory department, some of your con-stituents, with more zeal than knowledge, demand legislation which will afford them indirect aid in bringing men to the adop-tion of their views and practices. It is a principle of law and of morals that men cannot rightfully do indirectly what they have not a right to do directly. This kind of legislation is not only impracticable, but often exceedingly mischievous. It not only fails to accomplish its object, but not unfrequently it increases the evil it was designed to lessen. Law has an honorable and useful prov-ince, and is efficient for good when used lawfully, in accomplishing ends for which it was designed; and efficient for evil when improperly used to force changes in the peculiar province of truth. Keep these two provinces distinctly in view, and let the view influence your legislative action. Let professed reformers in our common-wealth understand that, whether in the capacity of organized churches, or of vol-untary societies, formed for specific pur-poseA, they can only receive from you protection in their work, while, in imita-tion of the great Christian Reformer and those trained by him in person, they may call upon sinners to repent, and persuade the vicious to change their habits and their characters,by proclaiming the terrors of the law, and describing the excellencies of virtue. If you yield to their demand for legal authority to compel men to adopt their standard of right and propriety, you will make them like Saul of Tarsus, self-right-eous, belligerent, and cruel, who breathed out threatenings and slaughter, under such authority, in the capacity of a persecutor. Saul of Tarsus undertook to reform people by force; Paul the apostle persuaded men to abandon sin and practice the Christian virtues. Saul of Tarsus was a self-right-eous, cruel Pharisee; Paul the apostle was a bright ornament of the Christian Church. Saul of Tarsus was a destructionist; 'Paul  the apostle was a true benefactor. If you would have the reformers in our common-wealth resemble the benefactor and Chris-tian, rather than the destructionist and Pharisee, withhold from them legislation, except in the form of protection, bearing in mind that the law is only good when used lawfully. The National Reform Theory Reduced to Practice. THE National Reform doctrine as set forth by Rev. J. M. Foster, a secretary of the association, is that Š " According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of, and to- serve the in-terests of, the church." " The true State will have a wise reference to the church's interests in all its legislative, executive, and judicial proceedings," " The expenses of the church, in carrying on her public aggressive work, it meets in whole, or in part out of the public treasury. Thus the church is protected and exalted by the State." This being the ŁNational Reform view, and it must be, for these are Mr. Foster's own words just as they appeared over his own name in the Christian Cynosure, it follows that Trinidad, the " pearl of the Antilles," is a model National Reform country. It has no established sect, but the State provides the whole church, Protestant and Catholic, " funds out of the public treasury for carrying on her public aggressive work." A correspond-ent of a New York paper writing from Port-of-Spain,. Trinidad, British West In-dies, says " Last year the government gave the Roman Catholics $13,550 and the Anglicans $5,815 for the upkeep of their respective scholastic establishments. The government also pays for four exhibitions or scholarships of $750 each per annum, tenable for three years. And boys from the Roman Catholic College of the Immaculate Conception are permit-ted to compete for and obtain these scholarships. In addition to this, the government contributes $5,000 a year toward the support of this Catholic college. We next find that the sum of about $17,-500 a year is paid from the public treasury toward the maintenance of the Church of England in Trin-idad, and $30,000 to the Romanists." The same correspondent continues : Š " And what has been the result of all this pam-" pering by the government of the religious bodies ? Has it achieved any good ? I say, ' No,' emphatic-ally. The lower classes are as ruffianly and black-guard a lot as any country was ever afflicted with. Concubinage is general, and only twenty-six per cent. of the births are legitimate. Thrift is almost unknown. Prostitution and vice are rampant, es-pecially among the younger females. Gambling in its worst form is the order of the day. Burglaries have been of late very prevalent. And yet there is not one of these people who is not an adept. at making the sign of the cross, and who cannot, read off " Hail Mary's " and " Pater Nosters " by the ell. The young girls, after making what is known as their first communion, lapse into dread-ful profligacy." And this is the condition of a country in which they have that which the Na-tional Reformers propose for this land,, namely, to use their own term, " a union of religion and the State." But does this show that Christianity is a failure By no means, it simply shows that which has  been demonstrated in much the same way wherever it has been tried, namely, that Christianity fostered and supported by a civil government ceases to be Christianity, and loses its power either to elevate peo-ple in the moral scale or to prevent them from sinking to even greater depths of vice than that in which it finds them. Many and dark have been the crimes committed in the name of liberty, but they are no more numerous, nor of deeper dye than are the abominations practiced in the name of the religion of Him in whose mouth was found no guile, and in whose life there was no sin. C. P. B. A Baseless Basis. THE second article of the American Sab-bath Union declares that,Š "The basis of this Union is the divine authority and universal and perpetual obligation of the Sab-bath as manifested in the constitution of nature," &c. The Sabbath is not manifested in the constitution of nature. The statement that it is so manifested is false, and the mem-bers of the American Sabbath Union know it to be false. Rev. Dr. Herrick Johnson, of Chicago, is a member of the American Sabbath Union, and not by any means an insignificant member. If they have any such thing as representative members, Dr. Johnson certainly may be named as one. In the Congressional Hearing, in behalf of the national Sunday law, December, 1888, held by the American Sabbath Union, Dr. Johnson was one of the speakers, and in his speech he said :Š " This appointment of one day in seven is arbitrary. There is nothing in nature to indicate that division of time. There is the day of twenty-four hours, there is the month, there is the year, all these are natural divisions; but there is nothing in nature to indicate the weekly divisionŠthe observance of one day in seven. It is arbitrary, and we regard that as an evidence of its divine origin." These statements of Dr. Johnson are evidently true upon their face, and they just as evidently prove that the statement, as to the basis of the American Sabbath Union, is false. The divisions of time into days, months, and years, is natural; there is that in nature that clearly defines these divisions. But there is nothing in nature to mark even the weekly division of time much less is there anything in nature that would mark one of the days in the weekly division as a day to be religiously observed. The State exists and has its basis only upon the plane of the, natural. It has to-do with things only upon the plane of the natural. The Sabbath is based only in the action of God and is manifested only in the revealed will of God. Both of which are pre-emi-nently supernatural. Therefore, the State existing only in the plane of the natural, and having to do only with the natural, can never of right have anything to do with the Sabbath, or with the weekly division of time which is caused by the Sabbath. That much of the basis of the American Sabbath Union is a fraud. And as the Sabbath Union exists for the pur-pose of securing religious legislation in be-half of the Sabbath, it follows that the basis of the American Sabbath Union rests upon nothing more tangible than does the, "baseless fabric of a dream." 