582 AMERICAN SENTINEL. people, where she has had full freedom in that line ever since they were born, did not suffice to teach them that this balloon was not a mysterious something animated by an evil spirit. It is not that sort of an education -that is needed by the Indians here. "Abundance of Idleness." Eze. 16:49. BY DAVID PAULSON, M. D. This is sapping the very life out of society. I have seen children in the yard raking up leaves and having a gay time. Take those children twenty years from that time, and ask them to rake up similar leaves, and they would feel very much insulted. Now they have reached .a stage when they want to learn how they can get -through the world without working. They want a "soft snap." Children are taught to look forward, as a thing -to be desired, to a time when they can have an abund-ance of idleness, to seek positions where they will not have much hard work to do. That is the main-reason young people crowd into -cities, where they can have an easy time. Parents en-courage children in this very direction. Many a father says to his boy: "Johnny, you shall never have such a hard time as I was compelled to have. I will see that you get a chance in the world." So the father saws the wood, and does the necessary work on the premises, while Johnny is getting more and more thoroughly convinced that he is learning more than his father knows, and that there is a better way of getting through -the world than by working at honest labor. Seed that has been sown in that boy's mind will, by and by, bear its legitimate fruit. And unless the grace of God saves him from reaping the full harvest of it, he will some day become an outcast, and possibly a vile criminal. Our prisons are full of young -Vien who are brought up in that kind of homes, by that kind of training. What about Johnny's sister? The mother who -toiled at honest labor in her youth, and developed physically as she developed mentally, says: "Mary, you shall never have such a time in life as I have had. I am glad we can give you a chance." So she drums the piano, learns a little crocheting, fools away a little of her time trying to paint landscapes that she has not yet learned to appreciate, and gradually despises more and more, the humbler duties that her mother has to pursue in order to give her this "chance." "What shall the harvest be," provided circumstances are favorable for its full development? Go with our midnight mission workers as they go on their errand of mercy on the streets of Chicago to-night; learn the home history of the majority of the 10,000 girls who on the open streets seek to barter their womanhood for money, and you will be amazed to find that they were reared by just such mothers as I have described, and  they had just these very advantages(?). But ought we to be surprised at this when the Lord says that "pride, fullness of bread, and abundance of idleness" will pro-duce Sodom, and when children are educated to have all three of them? "Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." The Liberty of Christ. BY B. W. MARSH. THE least understood of all men, is the one who stands the staunchest for a principle of truth. When Satan had less experience than he now has, he succeeded in laying a plan that entrapped the parents of the hu-man family, and almost smothered the truth beneath a fog of intolerance: and since that time God and his truth have been understood by but few of the human race. It is not difficult to trace religious intolerance into heaven: and having found its origin, it is less difficult to follow it down through the ages. Lucifer became dissatisfied with the way God managed the universe, and desired to place his own mold on the affairs of heaven. Supremacy of self was the center of his ambi-tion, and in order that be might attain that end, he planned to murder God, but lacked the power to execute his plan. It is plain enough that if he could have gained possession of the power it would only have been a ques-tion of time when he would have been the only intelli-gence in the universe. When his warfare was confined to this earth he profited by his experience gained in. heaven, and changed his tactics: and gained by stratagem on the earth that which he had lost in heaven. He traded man his own murderous intolerance for a world of peace and love, and set God's noblest creation at enmity with himself. And in the murder of Abel we have the first sheaf of the great harvest of religious intolerance this earth under its new management was to reap. Cain hated his brother because of his religion, and murder is the harvest of hate. On this principle recorded on the first page of earth's sad history, rests all the plans of Satan for all time. He has often changed his tactics, but his original plan remains unchanged. The elements of this are, Insatiable thirst for power, a self-willed-way, and murderous hate toward all who oppose h's plans. The best way Satan has found to advance his cause in the earth is to work through apostate Christianity: and from this point will he make his final stand. He can here manifest great zeal, and yet so keep his motives covered as to lure millions to believe that his zeal is godly, and his motive of heavenly design. His plans 