410 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. And we very much doubt if either of the great par-ties has the courage to raise such an issue. Rome has an influence in the United States to-day that is not generally realized. Former Congressman Brigham H. Roberts, of Utah, was convicted recently in the District Court in Salt Lake on the charge of sustaining the relation of husband to each of two women at the same time. He was sentenced to pay a fine of $150 or to be impris-oned in the county jail for one -hundred and fifty days. "Notice of an appeal to the State Supreme Court was given on the ground that the information upon which the defendant was tried charged that the offense had been committed in Salt Lake county, while one of the women lived in Davis county. This practically amounts to contending that a man is not guilty of polygamy or kindred offenses provided he only has one wife in each of the twenty-seven counties in the State." The New York Herald, hitherto credited with strong leaning toward imperialism, now says : "Imperialism is a military, not a commercial am-bition, and is one that, by a strange fatality, destroys those that cherish it. The republics of history lie buried in the ashes of empire. Is the United States getting ready to be added to the heap ?" Nevertheless we believe that the imperialism that now afflicts the United States is commercial rather than military. It is inspired by the greed of the classes rather than by the mistaken "patriotism" of the masses. June 21st General McArthur, acting under orders from Washington issued in the Philippines a general proclamation of "amnesty, with complete immunity for the past and absolute liberty of action for the fu-ture, to all persons who are now or at any time since February 4, 1899, have been in insurrection against the United States in either a military or a civil ca-pacity, and who shall within a period of ninety days from the date hereof formally renounce all connection with such insurrection and subscribe to a declaration acknowledging and accepting the sovereignty and au-thority of the United States in and over the Philippine Islands. The privilege herewith published is extended to all concerned without any reservation whatever, excepting that persons who have violated the laws of war during the period of active hostilities are not em-braced within the scope of this amnesty." Concerning the Chinese imbroglio the New York Tribune has this to say : "Whatever may be the pur-poses of the European powers will not matter. This  country is not to be drawn into their schemes. If after the restoration of peace it shall be found possible to leave the government of China in Chinese hands, either with or without a protectorate, well and good. The United States would hail such an arrangement with satisfaction. But if the powers, or any of them, shall proceed to a partitioning of the empire among them, the United States is not likely either to join in that work or to oppose it, but is likely rather to insist upon the maintenance in the partitioned empire of the commercial and industrial rights it has enjoyed in the integral empire. That is all it wants, and less than that no friendly power could expect it to accept." But already Europe has "served notice," through certain influential papers, that unless the United States shares the burdens of restoring peace, or in other words, unless the United States becomes a party to the agreement to be entered into by the powers, she can expect none of the benefits. The Sabbath Question in Raratonga. CJ The following is from the Boston Sunday Journal of June 17: If it were not for the war in South Africa the strange rebellion in Raratonga would be attracting at-tention. Raratonga is a Pacific island under the Brit-ish flag, whose population has been evangelized by the London Missionary Society. Most voyagers are ac-puainted with the disturbing effects of the i8oth de-gree of longitude, and the first missionaries to Rara-tonga forgot they had passed that important imag-inary line. The consquence was that the first Sunday they announced in Raratonga was in reality a Satur-day, and the mistake was perpetuated until quite re-cently, when the Legislature corrected the blunder and put the calendar right. Then came the trouble. The evangelized natives, furiously Sabbatarian, refused to recognize the change. They deserted the churches of the London Missionary Society and kept the old Sunday (now Saturday) re-ligiously in their homes. In the words of a special cor-respondent of the New Zealand Herald, who has visited the scene, "the greatest excitement is being ex-perienced over the change. All the business houses and government offices have adopted it, but large num-bers of the superstitious natives are in rebellion." The truth is that these islanders were keeping the very day specified in the divine commandment, which says, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Moreover, a goodly number of them were keeping it not as Sunday, the first day of the week, but keeping it intelligently for what it isŠthe seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord. This explains why some at least are unwilling to surrender this day at the behest of the civil authorities. But the scornful tone of the foregoing quotation shows how utterly impossible it is for many to appre- 