AMERICAN SENTINEL. 469 gory, and they searched their list for a suitable class. Finally, they decided to charge for it as dried fish, on which a duty is imposed. The Bey scorned to contend about the small charge involved, and the mummy having been weighed and the duty paid, the dead body of Pha-roah entered the capital of Egypt as a package of dried fish. With such contempt did they treat the body of a potentate, who, in his lifetime, doubtless received the homage of all who came into his presence. In his case with startling force were the words of the prophet fulfilled that the terrible ones shall be despised and shall become as chaff. Isa. 24:5." Our "Moral Progress." AS SHOWN BY A COMPARISON OF THE ANCIENT GLA-DIATOR WITH THE MODERN WAGE SLAVE. Twentieth Century," July 17. A LEARNED and elegant historian has devoted consid-erable vivid rhetoric to a presentation of the gladiatorial pastimes of old Rome. He tells us that these popular diversions were an amazing demonstration of the moral degradation of mankind in antiquity. "They display," he observes, with the irritating fatuity from which even the profoundest learning is not exempt, "more vividly than any mere philosophical disquisition the abyss of de-pravity into which it is possible for human nature to sink. They furnish us with striking proofs of the reality of the moral progress we have attained." Here we have an echo of the Pharisee who stood up in the temple to pray and thanked the Lord he was not as this pub-lican. The type of Roman imperial society being military its horrors were of a sanguinary character. The type of modern competitive society being industrial, its horrors are exempt from bloodshed, but they are horrors. Hor-ror for horror, the ancient wage slave, the gladiator, was not more barbarously treated than the modern wage slave, the toiler. Posterity, which alone can pass final judgment upon this question, may reasonably be ex-pected to conclude that if anything the wage slave of the nineteenth century was rather worse off than his fellow of the first. Yet the gladiatorial shows of antiquity were undoubt-edly horrible. They owe their origin, it seems, to religious fervor, and gladiators were hired at first to fight at fu-nerals. They slew one another at great men's tombs in order to propitiate the immortal gods in favor of the de-ceased. The Roman nobles were in the habit of bequeath-ing large sums for this singular purpose. The individ-uals who witnessed these combats acquired a pas-sionate taste for the excitement of them, and before very long the funeral of a rich man was the occasion for the gathering of an enormous mob eager to see the gladiators fight. Two sons achieved some note for filial piety as early as 264 B. C. by compelling three pairs of gladiators to fight at the funeral of their father. Julius Csar was the  first to have these combats at the obsequies of a woman. He was so much attached to his daughter that when she died.it required some unusually sanguinary fights to as-suage his woe. At last the public appreciation of these contests acquired such intensity that the politicians pro-vided them gratuitously for the voters. No candidate for high office under the Roman republic, and partic-ularly during the career of Cicero, could hope to be elected unless he hired an army of gladiators to slaugh-ter each other in the arena before the assembled peo-ple. . . . The number of these trained fighters in Rome became so large during the reign of Augustus that he felt alarmed and restricted their importation. He further deemed that no greater number than. 120 should fight at once. His successor, Tiberius, endeavored in other ways to abate the ardor for gladiatorial spectacles, but in vain. The nobles maintained whole regiments of fighters in private gymnasia of their own. The games attained the most,  colossal proportions and the slaughter was on horribly wholesale scales. Even rich tradesmen kept their gladia-tors and exhibited them in ferocious battles as a means of attaining social position. To the modern mind the scene in a Roman arena is all but incredible. Tens of thousands of spectators were seated about the ring% At the signal, wild animals, lions, tigers, elephants, wolves, all made savage by hunger and ill treatment, were brought within the circle. Then the gladiators emerged by the score and fell to fighting the beasts and one another until the arena swam with blood and the ground was heaped with corpses of the slain. The gladiatorial shows demoralized the population on a vast scale. "It is abundantly evident," says Lecky, "both from history and from present experience, that the instinctive shock or natural feeling of disgust caused by the sight of the sufferings of man is not generally differ-ent from that which is caused by the sight of the suffer-ings of animals. The latter, to those who are not accus-tomed to it, is intensely painful. The former continually becomes by use a matter of absolute indifference." This is unquestionably true. We are not to suppose that the Romans lacked the finer feelings of humanity because-they took delight in the sanguinary scenes of the circus. Far from it. The contemporaries of Cicero, of Virgil, of Horace, of Tibullus, gave adundant evidence of a nobility of mind and heart. . . . It simply happened that cir-cumstances had made them utterly indifferent to human torture in a single respect. If this seems incredible, we have but to look at the conditions prevalent in the industrial world to day. We see on every side an indifference to human suffering in comparison with which the ancient Roman delight in savage slaughter is almost altruistic. The wealthy classes now look upon the slow agonies of the exploited masses with amazing indifference. Nothing is more characteris-tic of the degraded state of contemporary public opinion 