ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 11. NEW YORK, MARCH 12, 1896. Price, three cents.    American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE RII3LE, PROTESTANTISM, AND THE PAPACY. THE two distinguishing features of Prot-estantism are the supremacy of the word of God and the right of private judgment. So closely connected are these princi-ples that the latter is only the logical result of the former; for the word of God being the supreme tribunal, the church itself must be judged by it, and even the most humble of the people have the right of appeal to it. " The Bible, I say, the Bible only," writes Dowling, " is the religion of Protestants. Nor is it of any account in the estimation of the genuine Prot-estant how early a doctrine originated if it is not found in the Bible. . . . The consistent and true-hearted Prot-estant, standing upon this rock, the Bible and the Bible only,' can admit no doctrine upon the authority of tradition." In that grand protest from which springs the very name of Protestantism, the German princes, rejecting tradition together with papal and imperial au-thority in all spiritual matters, declared thus for the word of God : " Seeing . . . that this Holy Book is in all things necessary for the Christian, easy of understanding, and calculated to scatter the darkness: we are resolved, with the grace of God to maintain the pure and exclusive preaching of his only word, such as it is contained in the biblical books of the Old and New Testaments, without adding anything thereto that may be contrary to it. This word is the only truth; it is the sure role of all doctrine and of all life, and can never fail or deceive us. He who builds on this foundation shall stand against all the powers of hell, whilst all the human vanities that are set up 1  "History of Romanism," Book II, chap. 1. against it shall fall before the face of God." ' In this protest the Reformers assert not only the supremacy of the divine word, but the right of private judgment, for, " he who builds on this foundation shall stand." This is as true of a single in- dividual as of ten thousand, for no matter how large the number in the aggregate, every soul builds for himself, and must stand or fall for himself. "The soul that sinneth, it shall.  die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son; the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wicked- 2  D'Aubigne's " History of the Reformation," Book VIII, chap. 6. ness of the wicked shall be upon him." " The principles contained in this celebrated protest," writes D'Aubigne, " constitute the very essence of Protestantism. Now this pro-test opposes two abuses of man in matters of faith: the first is the intrusion of the civil magistrate, and the second the arbitrary au-thority of the church. Instead of these abuses, Protestantism sets the power of con-science above the magistrate; and the author-ity of the word of God above the visible church. In the first place, it rejects the civil power in divine things, and says with,  the prophets and apostles: We must obey God rather than man. In presence of the crown of Charles the Fifth, it uplifts the crown of Jesus Christ. But it goes farther; it lays down the prin-ciple that all human teaching shoult' be subordinate to the oracles of God."' As the fundanuntal principles of Protestantism are the supremacy of the word of God and the right of private judgment, or what is the same thing, the right to have and exercise a con-science in matters Of faith, so the dis-tinguishing features of the Papacy are a denial of the sufficiency of the divine word and of the right of private judg-ment. In fact, both are bound up in one, for if, as the Papacy insists, the individual must take his faith from the church, he must accept his con-science, ready-made, from the same source. Obviously, whatever militates against this in the least degree, must be regarded by the Papacy as harmful; hence papal opposition to the reading of the Scriptures by the people. That this opposition to the Scrip-tures is real and not imaginary is evi-dent from the writings of Roman Cath-olics themselves. " It is not necessary," says a standard Roman Catholic au-thority, " for all Christians to read the Bible. . . . Parts of the Bible are evidently unsuited to the very young or to the ignorant, and hence Clement XI. condemned the proposition that the reading of Scriptures is for all.' " These principles are fixed and in- variable, but the discipline of the church with regard to the reading of the Bible in the vulgar Eze, 18:20. 4  "History of the Reformation," Book XIII, chap. 6. Archbishop Tonstall 'Burning Bibles in London, 1530. 