.162 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the Lawgiver declare or show in any way his inten-tion?ŠHe did. When the Lord gave that law at Sinai he did not leave it to the people to inter-pret it to suit themselves, nor to interpret it at all. By three special 'acts every week kept up con-tinuously for nearly forty years, he showed his intent in the law. The people were fed by manna in their forty years' wandering. But on the sev-enth day of the week no manna ever fell. On the sixth day of the week there was a double portion, and that which was gathered on that day would keep over the seventh, which it could not be made to do over any other day in the week. By this means the Lawgiver signified his intent upon the subject of the observance of the day mentioned in that law; and keeping it up continuously for so long a time made it utterly impossible that his intent should be mistaken. Therefore, if the courts of the United States shall ever take judicial cognizance of the fourth commandment, which is held forth by these people as the basis and the authority for their movement, according to this rule the seventh day of the week, and not the first day, will have to be de-clared the Sabbath. 3. " When words are plain in a written law there is an end to all construction; they must be followed." This rule, in these very words, was declared by the Hon. John Bingham, when, as special judge-advocate appointed by the representatives of the United States, he was conducting the impeach-ment trial of Andrew Johnson. Are the words of the fourth commandment plain words? Are they words of common use? They are. There is not an obscure nor an ambiguous word in the commandment. Then, according to this rule, if ever that question becomes one of judicial cogni-zance in the courts of the United States, as the plain words of that commandment must be fol-lowed, and as they plainly declare, "The seventh day is the Sabbath," that is all the courts can de-clare..  Therefore, the conclusion of the whole matter thus far is, if our courts are to remain courts or law, and are to be guided by the established rules for the construction of laws, they never can up-hold any law founded on the fourth command-ment for the observance of the Sabbath on the first day of the week. Just here, however, another element conics into court, and that is the theological. The theo-logians step in right here and declare that the in-tent of the fourth commandment has been changed, and that now instead of that command-ment's requiring the observance of the seventh day in remembrance of creation, it requires the observance of the first day of the week in re-membrance of the resurrection of Christ. To reach this point they first declare that the phrase "the seventh day" in the commandment is indef-inite; that it does not enjoin the observance of any particular day, but only of one day in seven. Such a construction is clearly in violation of established rules for the construction of law ; it involves an assumption of power on their part that can never be allowed. Admitting for argu-ment's sake that that phrase in the command-ment is indefinite, it must be admitted that the Lord when he wrote it intentionally made it indefinite, because the Scripture says that when he had spoken these words he added no more; he had nothing more to say on the subject. What he said then was final. If, then, that statement be indefinite he intended it so, and no other  power thin the Lord ever can, or ever has the right to, make it definite. But the theologians, just as soon as they have made it indefinite, to escape the obligation it enjoins to observe the seventh day, at once make it definite in order to sustain the supposed obligation to keep the first day of the week. Consequently, when they make it definite, after having declared that the Lord made it indefinite, they assume the power and prerogative to do what the Lord intentionally declined to do; and in that they put themselves above God. So much for their theological assumptions. Such a course, however, is not only an assump- tion of almighty power, but on the basis of law it is a violation of the rule which declares that- 4. " No forced or unnatural construction is to be put upon the language of a statute." To make the phrase " the seventh day" in that commandment indefinite, and to mean one day in seven and no day in particular, is nothing else than to put a forced and .most unnatural con-struction upon the language not only of the commandment itself throughout, but on all the language of the Scriptures upon the subject of the commandment. Further, to make that commandment support the first day of the week in commemoration of the resurrection of Christ is a direct violation Of that other rule of law which declares that- 5. " A constitution [or statute] is not to be made to mean one thing at one time and another at some subsequent time, when the circumstances may have so changed as perhaps to make a different rule in the case seem desirable. . . . The meaning of the Constitution [or statute] is fixed when it is adopted, and it is not different at any subsequent time when a court has occasion to pass upon it." The meaning of the fourth commandment when given was, as has been clearly proved, that the seventh day of the week should be observed, and for the reason that God rested that day from the work of creation and blessed the day and hallowed it. The Sabbath-day was established for that reason, before men had sinned, and before there was any need of the resurrection of Christ. If man had never sinned, the day would have been observed for the reasons given, in commemoration of the rest of the Creator from his work of crea-tion. That being the meaning of the command-ment when the commandment was given, that must be the meaning of the commandment so long as the commandment remains, and according to the rules of law it never can be made to mean anything else, although the theologians should wish to have it so, and circumstances concerning the resurrection may seem to them to make it de-sirable. The question here very properly arises, Shall the courts of the United States, in violation of these rules, adopt the wishes of the theologians and make that statute to mean that which it was never intended to mean? In contemplation of such an issue, the words of Judge CooleyŠ" Con- stitutional Limitations," page 57Šare worthy of consideration by Congress as well as by the judges of the United States courts. He says :Š " A court or legislature which should allow a change in public sentiment to influence it in giving to a written constitution a construction not warranted by the intention of its founders, would be justly chargeable with reckless disregard of official oath and public duty." The theologians have given to the fourth com- mandment a construction which is not in any  sense warranted by the intention of the Author of the commandment. They go to the National Legislature and ask it to allow itself to be influ-enced by theological sentiment in giving to a written Constitution of the Government of God a construction which is not warranted by the in-tention of the Founder of that Constitution. As Judge Cooley says," Such a thing done to a human constitution, an earthly statute, would be reckless disregard of official oath and public duty." But if this be true in the case of things wholly human and earthly, what should be thought of such an action with reference to the divine Con-stitution and heavenly law ? Will the National Legislature allow this theo-logical sentiment to influence it to commit an act with reference to the Constitution and laws of the living God, which, if committed with reference to the laws of man, would be reckless disregard of official oath and public duty ? Not only do we ask, Is the National Legislature ready to do this, but is it ready also, by doing it, to force the United States courts into the sanctioning of it in direct violation of the plainest principles of every rule for the construction of law? Is the National Legislature ready to take the step which would turn all our courts of law into courts of theology? For such would be the only effect of the enactment of such a law as is here demanded by the theologians, because when the law comes to be interpreted by the courts upon the basis upon which the law is enacted, the first day of the week as the Sabbath can never be sustained by rules of law nor by the principles of interpretation established in law. The only way that it can ever' be sustained is by principles established by the theologians, and by theological distinctions, in total disregard of the rules of law; and the effect of it can be nothing else than to turn our courts of law into courts of theology. The Scriptures also plainly and logically show the seventh day to be the Lord's day. Yet this law proposes to enforce the observance of the first day of the week as the Lord's day. As it is not a universally accepted view that the first day of the week is the Lord's day, the question will certainly come before the courts for decision. When the courts come to construe the law, it will be proper, if not indeed necessary, that they shall consult the word of the Lord.,in re-gard to the question of what day is the Lord's day, and as to what its proper observance is. When the courts, or any other persons, inquire of the word of the Lord upon the subject of the Lord's day, they find the expression used but once in the Bible, and that in Rev. 1: 10, saying, " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." But this does not say what day of the week is the Lord's day, nor does the book -in which this text is found say anything further upon the subject. Other texts, however, in the Bible, speak on the subject in such a way as logically to show what day is there meant by the expression " the Lord's day." The Lord himself said, " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Mark 2 : 28. The Lord also' said, " The seventh day is the Sab-bath." Here are two plain scriptural statements, which may form the major and the minor of a syllogism; thus :Š MitjorŠThe Son of man is Lord of the Sab-bath. MinorŠThe seventh day is the Sabbath. The only conclusion that can ever be drawn from these two premises is that, 