328 AMERICAN SENTINEL. TONES The Power of His Coming. IF men believed the scriptural truth that in the last days "wicked men and seducers shall wax worse and worse" until the Son of man returns to destroy sin and sinners, it would revolutionize church methods. Men would cease trying to save a ship-wrecked world and re-double their efforts to save sinners out of the world. They would drop all National Reform and Chrislian citi-zenship schemes of saving the State and go to saving sinners. Knowing this to be true, we print below two articles from prominent evangelists on the subject of the second coming of Christ. A. F. B. The Second Coming of Christ. By D. L. Moody. WhOEVER neglects this has only a mutilated Gospel, for the Bible teaches us not only of the death and suffer-ings of Christ, but also of his return to reign in honor and glory. His second coming is mentioned and referred to over three hundred times, yet I was in the Church fif-teen or sixteen years before I ever heard a sermon on it. There is hardly any church that does not make a great deal of baptism, but in all of Paul's epistles I believe bap-tism is spoken of only thirteen times, while he speaks about the return of our Lord fifty times; and yet the Church has had very little to say about it. Now, I can see a reason for this; THE DEVIL DOES NOT WANT US TO SEE THIS TRUTH, for nothing would wake up the Church so much. The moment a man realizes that Jesus Christ is coming back again to receive his followers to himself, this world loses its bold upon him. Gas stocks and water stocks and stocks in banks and railroads are of very much less consequence to him then. His heart is free, and he looks for the blessed appearing of his Lord, who, at his coming, will take him into his blessed kingdom. . . . In certain churches, where they have the form of god-liness, but deny the power thereofŠjust the state of things which Paul declares shall be in the last daysŠthis.  doctrine is not preached or believed. They do not want sinners to cry out in their meetings, " What must I do to be saved?" They want intellectual preachers who will cultivate their taste, brilliant preachers who will rouse their imagination, but they don't want the preaching that has in it the power of the Holy Ghost. We live in the day of SHAMS IN RELIGION. The Church is cold and formal; may God wake us up! And I know of no better way to do it than to get the Church to look for the return of our Lord. Some people say, " Oh, you will discourage the young converts if you preach that doctrine." Well, my friends, that hasn't been my experience. I_ have felt like working three times as hard ever since came to understand that my Lord was coming back again. I look on this world as a wrecked vessel. God has REV. D. L. MOODY. [From Christian Herald, by permission.] given me a life-boat, and said to me,," Moody, save all you can." God will come in judgment to this world, but the children of God don't belong to this world; they are in it, but not of it, like a ship"'water; and their greatest danger is not the opposi, of the world, but their own conformity to the world. is world is getting darker and darker; its ruin incoming nearer and nearer;. if you have any friends on this wreck unsaved, you had better lose no time in getting item off. But some one will say, "Do you then make the grace of God a failure?" No; grace is not a failure, but man is. The antedilu-vian world was a failure. The Jewish world was a fail-ure. Man has been a failure everywhere when be has had his own way and been left to hiMself. Wbon the Son of God left heaven, and came to this sin-cursed earth to open up a new and living way whereby we Might return to God, the earth would give him no better quarters than a manger for his birthplace, no place to lay his head during the years of his ministry, and only the cruel cross in his death. Nowhere in the scriptures is it claimed that the whole world shall be brought to the feet of Christ in this dis-pensation. in the fifteenth chapter of Acts, James says: "Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to 'ake out of them a people for his name!' That is one reason for our Lord's delay. He is waiting 