132 AMERICAN' SENTINEL evening services, and heard very lame discourses from a Mr. Pond.' " It thus appears that Washington neither regarded Sunday as a sacred day nor kept it as such, though he was always careful to respect the religious scruples of othdts. Is it true, then, as certain religious people would have us believe, that Sunday-keeping is an essential feat-ure of the highest type of citizenship? It is generally ad-mitted, we believe, outside of National Reform circles at least, that the "father of his country" was, in point of citizenship, as noble a type of manhood as this nation ever produced. WASHINGTON AGAINST RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE Again, in the matter of respect for the religious scru-ples of his fellowmen, of whatever race or belief, Wash- ington left an example worthy of imitation. How far his sympathies would have been from any effort to co-erce men by Sunday laws or other religious legislation, may be judged from the following, also furnished by Mr.  Ford:Š " There can be no doubt that religious intolerance was not a part of Washington's character. In 1775, when the New England troops intended to celebrate Guy Fawkes' Day, as usual, the General Orders declared that as the Commander-in-Chief has been appraised of a design, formed for the observance of that ridiculous and child-ish custom of burning the effigy of the Pope, he cannot help expressing his surprise that there should be officers and soldiers in this army so void of commonsense as not to see the impropriety of such a step.' " When trying to secure some servants, too, he wrote that if they are good workmen, they may be from Asia, Africa, or Europe; they may be Mahometans, Jews, or Christians, of any sect, or they may be Atheists.' When the bill taxing all the, people of Virginia to support the Episcopal Church (his own) was under discussion, he threw his weight against it as far as concerned the taxing of other sectaries, but adding:Š " Although no man's sentiments are more opposed to any kind of restraint upon religious principles than mine are, yet I must confess-that I am not among the number of those who are so much alarmed at the thoughts of making people pay towards the support of that which they profess, if of the denominations of Christians, or to declare themselves Jews, Mahometans; or otherwise, and thereby obtain proper relief. " As the matter now stands I wish an assessment had never been agitated, and as it has gone so far, that the bill could die an easy death; because I think it will be productive of more quiet to the State, than by enacting it into a law, which in my opinion would be impolitic, ad-mitting there is a. decided majority for it, to the disquiet of a respectable minority. In the former case, the matter will soon subside; in the latter it will rankle and perhaps convulse the State.' " Again in a letter he says:Š " ' Of all the animosities which have existed among mankind those which are caused by difference of senti-ment in religion appear to be the most inveterate and distressing, and ought most to be deprecated. I was in hopes that the enlightened and liberal policy which has marked the present age would at least have reconciled  Christians of every denomination so far that we should never again see their religious disputes carried to such a pitch as t o endanger the peace of society.' " And to Lafayette, alluding to the proceedings of the Assembly of Notables, he wrote:Š " 'I am not less ardent in my wish that you may succeed in your plan of toleration in religious mat-ters. Being no bigot myself, I am disposed to in-dulge the professors of Christianity in the Church with that road to heaven which to them shall seem the most direct, plainest Easiest, and least liable to exception.' " If the people of America to-day would only entertain the same liberal, kindly sentiments toward their fellow-citizens, there would be no religious persecution, no de- mand for a "Christian Amendment" to the Constitution, and no movement for union of Church and State. Sunday Newspapers and the Public Safety. JUDGE KIMBALL, of the District of Columbia, before whom several newsboys were recently brought for having sold newspapers on Sunday in their accustomed manner, has decided that the ordinance under which they were charged is to be upheld as reasonable and just. In his decision Judge Kimball says that "the use of all property, more especially that situated or used in the in the public streets, is subject to the exercise of the power of reasonable police supervision and regulation, for the protection of the public health and safety ; " and that "in a case like the present, where the question is one of practical fact, unsettled by experience, and resting in opinion, a court should surely hesitate to set up-  its judgment in opposition to that of the municipal officers. who, by virtue of their training, observation and experi-ence in the performance of their duties, ought to be well informed and capable of arriving at satisfactory con-clusions in such matters." This is to say that it is merely a question of opinion, not settled by experience, whether the crying of papers by newsboys on Sunday is or is not inimical to "the public health and safety" I We could hardly imagine a statement more ridiculous. If newsboys are threatening the public health and safety by crying their papers on Sunday, why are they permitted to do the same on Monday and other days of the week? What happens to put the public health and safety in the city of Washington in such an extraordinary state of precariousness on Sundays? This is a matter which should have immediate in-vestigation, for the enlightenment of the rest of the country which has not yet learned the danger to the public health that lies in the crying of newsboys selling papers on Sunday. THE last last years of the nineteenth century will be ful of stirring events. The great struggle will be the effort to make this great secular nation profess Christianity.ŠMartinsburg, Pa., Weekly Herald. 