THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 253 we are sorry on our own part, and offer to Mr. Crafts our apology; but for the article's statement of the facts, we have no apology to make. In connec-tion with that, the only thing we are sorry for is on Mr. Crafts's part. We are sorry that he should be so careless as not to keep copies of such important let-ters; and that upon that he should be so forgetful of what he had written; and that then above all he should be so reckless of a solemn oath as to swear that he wrote to me what he did not write to me. A. T. J. That Gracious Change. THE American Sabbath Union makes great objections because the SENTINEL, whenever we have occasion to refer to the object of the Blair Sunday bill quotes it as it is written, to promote its observance as a day of religious worship, and to secure the religious observance of the day. The Union says:Š " It was stated in the hearing of the chief promoter of the counter-petition at the time of the Washington convention and hearing, that the word " promote " in this connection would be changed to " protect," so that public worship, so far as this bill is concerned, Would simply have that protection which any legiti-mate institution of the American people is entitled to on that day." We know that the statement was made at the convention that this change should be made. We also know that no such statement was made by anybody having authority to make it, as that this change would be made. The following quo-tation from the official copy of the hearing will give the facts on that point:Š "Mrs. BatehamŠI wish to say also, that one of the requests of our National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union was that the word pro-mote' should be changed to protect' in the title of the bill, so that it should have no appear- ance of what all Americans object to, any union of Church and State. That amendment was proposed and accepted by the American Sab-bath Union, the organized body which has just been in session in this city. "The ChairmanŠDo you not think that the word protect' implies power to command and compel? An army protects. "Mrs. BatehamŠAll our laws protect us, -do they not? " The ChairmanŠYou would make this a law? "Mrs. BatehamŠI suggest that the bill be made a law and that it be a law that shall pro-tect the civil Sabbath, not to promote religious worship but to protect the day as a day of rest and of religious worship. " The ChairmanŠIt seems to me that 'protect' is a stronger and more interfering word than 'promote.' However all of these suggestions are important." That is all that was said about it at the hear-ing by anybody who had any authority to speak on the subject. And the only point. in 'that is, that the word protect is a stronger and more interfering word than promote. Not only is this so but it was intended to be so, when the change was recommended, and by those who recommended it. In answer to ques-tions at the minister's meeting in San Francisco, August 5, the American Sabbath Union said that they themselves particularly objected to the word promote in the original bill, and asked that it be changed to protect. And then he gave the reason, which was, that " the effect of the word promote would be only to make an open day which the religious people could Jeep relig-iously while those who were not religious could do as they chose." From this, it is perfectly  plain that the direct object in substituting protect for promote is to make the bill stronger than it would be as Mr. Blair framed it, From this it is also clear that the Sunday-law managers do not intend that people who are not religious shall spend that day as they choose even when they do not work. And to see what they do intend, let us put those statements to-gether again. The word promote would allow the>religious people to keep the day religiously and those who are not religious to keep it as they choose. That is not satisfactory, therefore they want promote changed to protect. The only logic of that is that the effect of the word protect would be to require those who are not religious to keep the day religiously instead of as they should choose. This conclusion is fully sustained by the title of the bill as proposed in the substi-tution. It reads :Š "A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the Lord's day, commonly known as Sunday, as a day of rest and to protect its observance as a day of religious worship." The only thing that is proposed to be protected, is the observance of Sunday as a day of religious worship. It is not to protect the people who worship, noy protect them in their right to wor- ship as they choose, but to protect the day itself, and to protect it only as a day of religious wor-ship. It is not to be protected as a day of rest or a day of recreation, nor its observance as people choose, but specifically its observance as a day of religious worship. That is indeed a stronger and more interfering word than is the word pro-mote. Senator Blair was right. And all this clearly demonstrates that the plea that is made by the American Sabbath Union that the word should be changed to protect as though that were to modify the force of the proposed Act, is nothing but a piece of unmitigated sophistry. A. T. .1. s.  Ł Ł Teach Them to Be Men. SUNDAY and Monday, August 4 and 5, were field days in Oakland and San Francisco for the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union. He spoke at 11 o'clock Sunday in the Howard Street Methodist Church, San Francisco. The pastor, Rev. Dr. Harcourt, introduced him as having been a prominent minister of the Metho-dist Church, and now an honored minister of the Presbyterian Church. Mr. Crafts began by saying that the American Sabbath Union was formed in the last General Conference of the M. E. Church, and that "Bishop Newman gave it its happy name of American Sabbath Union instead of a National Sabbath Union," and that it is intended under the name American to maintain the golden mean between the Puritan Sunday on one hand and the Conti-nental Sunday on the other. He declared the American Sabbath to be "more important thhn the American Constitution," because its observ-ance "gives opportunity for moral culture and so saves the country from drifting into despotism," and that therefore it is "the very tap-root" of the Constitution. He endeavored to distinguish between the religious and the civil Sabbath by saying that these two elements in the Sabbath are just as distinct as his two arms. "The right arm promotes the religious Sabbath, and the left arm preserves the civil Sabbath." "The church forbids Sunday work because it is irreligious, while the State forbids it because it is unhealthy." " The church forbids it as a sin against God ; the State forbids it as a crime against man." But it never can be shown that anybody's work-ing on Sunday is a crime against man. How would it be possible to make it appear that the man. who works at any proper calling, at any time, commits a crime against anybody in so doing? He attempted to make crime appear in it by saying that employes are compelled to work on Sunday "which is unhealthy, not only to the body, but to the mind and morals ; " that they are kept in a perpetual tread-mill of toil; that em-ployes have no power to choose, but are com-pelled against their wills to work; and conse-quently Sunday work is a crime against man, and therefore the State must forbid it as such. Admitting all this there is a fallacy in the de-mand for a Sunday law that utterly destroys all of the virtue that they try to put into it. It is those that compel others to work, who, according to this argument, commit the crime. It is not those who voluntarily choose to work at their own calling, those who are free, and not subject to anybody in the way of employment. But in-stead of asking for a law that would prohibit any employer from compelling any employe to work on Sunday, they demand that .a law shall be enacted prohibiting everybody from doing any work whatever except works of religion, neces-sity, mercy, etc. This shows that it is the observ-ance of the day itself that is aimed at by those who demand the Sunday law and not protection for those who they say are oppressed. The Doctor admitted that the employe is at liberty to obey the dictates of his conscience and refuse to work if he considered such to be wrong on Sunday; but at the same time he declaimed against it that it was only a "liberty to go out amongst the great army of the unempltyed and take his chances there," and that without a Sun-day law the Nation was Vous "debauching the consciences of the two million employes who were compelled to work." But all this argument is utterly sophistical, as is proved by his own words in his speech in the evening of that same day. He said he did " not defend any man for work-ing -against his conscience," that a man "ought to be willing to be a martyr for his conscientious convictions, yet there was no great fear of martyr-dom in this," because he had searched the world over and had "never found one person who had lost anything financially by refusing to work on Sunday." He said that in the States and Terri,' tories of this land he had " found hundreds of in-stances where men had been promoted instead of discharged for refusing to work on Sunday." To illustrate this, and more forcibly to impress his point, he related a story of Stephen Girard, who discharged a man for not working on Sunday, then recommended him for the position of cashier in a new bank that was just being, organized be-cause, he said, "that man had too much con-science to work on Sunday, and that's the kind of a man whom it is safe to trust to handle other people's money." This argument is also made in Mr. Crafts's book, "Sabbath for Man," page 428, from which we quote a passage. He says :Š "Among other printed questions to which I have collected numerous answers was this one : Do you know of any instance where a Christian's refusal to do work or Sunday trading  has resulted in his finan-cial ruin? Of the two hundred answers from persons representing all trades and professions not one is affinn-ative. A western editor thinks that a Christian whose refusal to do Sunday work had resulted in his finan-cial ruin would be as great a curiosity as ' the missing link.' There are instances in which men have lost places by refusing to do Sunday work, but they usually found other places as good or better. With some 