.A.Mil-iattc.A.NT 1 NiciNMl,.. VoL. 8. go. 32. when it comes to the point of enforcing re-ligious dogmas by civil laws we draw the line right there. " Civil and religious liberty is a live question, rapidly coming to the front. Are we prepared to meet it in the spirit of the Master ? Are we prepared to grant our brother for whom Christ died, who may perhaps differ from us, the same privileges we enjoy, of working six days and resting one, regardless of the opinions of majori-ties ? The question of the Sabbath is not one to be decided by the multitude. It is a matter between man and his Maker, and there let it rest. And to governments, general and local, we say be careful lest you make void the law of God, in which case it would be time for the Lord to work. And to those in bonds for conscience' sake we say, be true to your Master. We point you to the three Hebrew worthies who passed through the furnace of fire rather than bow to the dictates of earthly powers. We point you to Daniel, who endured the den of lions rather than renounce his privi-lege of calling upon God in prayer. Daniel's God is our God, and He is able to save us,"ŠBaltimore Sun. The World's Fair and the Two Millions. THE amazing casuists of Chicago are now endeavoring to show that no moral or legal obligation to return the Govern-ment's $2,000,000 rests upon the World's Fair concern. The Chicago Herald affords a good example of this latest argument :Š The local directors having rescinded the rule re-quiring the Fair to be kept open on Sundays, it is clearly not their duty to return the appropriation of nearly two million dollars received from the Government in the shape of souvenir coins. Had Sunday opening been maintained until the close of the Exposition, a moral obligation might have rested upon the directors for the return of this money. But a change in the administrative policy with regard to Sunday opening has changed the situation as it affects the Government appropriation. That is to say, having deliberately for-feited their right to the enjoyment of the appropriation by a violation of the condi-tion attached, and subsequently having found that Sunday opening did not pay as well as they had expected, their posi-tion is now precisely what it was before the condition was violated! This is precisely as if a man who had forfeited a legacy by marriage, against the condition imposed in his grandfather's will, should come forward later and claim the money on the ground that marriage was a failure and he had begun proceed-ings for a divorce. A peculiarity of the Chicago system of ethics is that it has a new code of right and wrong for every new set of circum-stances involving the almighty dollar.ŠNew York Sun. Early Religious Restrictions. THE third and latest volume of Mc-Master's History of the United States gives amusing particulars of the religious restrictions that prevailed in the States of our Union for some time after the Revo-lution. In places a man's right to vote depended upon his religious opinions. Thus in South Carolina " a free white man must believe in the existence of a God, in a future state of reward and pun-ishment, and have a freehold of fifty acres of land." A queer mixture this of piety and pelf And this was not all. Between  the right to vote and the right to hold office there was a wide distinction. Thou-sands of men who, on election day, came to the polls, were by law hopelessly de-barred from ever, in the whole course of their lives, holding the office of sheriff, or taking a seat on the bench, or becoming a member of the legislature, or reaching the high place of governor of a state. No Atheists, no Freethinkers, no Jews, no Roman Catholics, no man, in short, who was not a believer in some form of the Protestant faith, could ever be gover-nor of New Jersey or New Hampshire, Vermont or Connecticut. Any rich Christian might be the executive of Mas-sachusetts or Maryland. Elsewhere he must be a Trinitarian and a believer it the inspiration of the Scriptures, or a Protestant and a believer in the divine authority of the Bible, or acknowledge one God, believe in heaven and in hell, and be ready to declare openly that every word in the Testaments, both Old and New, was divinely inspired. At first, these restric. tions were submitted to without protest, but the leaven of the Revolution was at work, and bit by bit they were quiety re-moved. . . . The present generation does not have in mind those fearful ex-amples, and is far from being so alive to the necessity of resisting church encroach-ments as we wish. It is to be hoped that the old-time tyrannies may never be re-in-stated.ŠExchange. Sunday in Chicago. [The Sunday people have been wanting the Fair closed in order that the "American Sabbath " might be exhibited to the nations of the earth. It was so exhibited on a recent Sunday, as witnessed by the following from the World of July 25.] THE people who have clamored for the closing of the World's Fair in order to protect from desecration what they call " the American Sabbath " had an oppor-tunity on Sunday to learn how their theory worked. Our despatches yesterday told in brief but graphic terms the storrof " Sunday observance " at Chicago with the Fair closed. The greater portion of the one hundred thousand visitors in the city joined the mass of the inhabitants in seeking amuse-ment and recreation. The Sabbatarians discovered that the American people will not go to church upon compulsion or be-cause some diversion which they desire is denied to them. Even the most popular churches " presented discouraging arrays of empty pews." But the public parks and the great beer gardens were lively with music and gay with crowds. Excursions and private pleasure-boats on the lake were filled to their carrying capacity. " Downtown everything was wide open. The saloons did an enormous business, and the theatres were crowded afternoon and evening." Around the closed Fair grounds the same scenes were enacted. The saloons, side-shows and fakirs did a big business. The facilities of all the street transit com-panies were taxed to their utmost to carry the restless crowds. What rational being can deny that it would have been better to open the great educating Exhibition to even half a hun-dred thousand of these throngs ? Better yet would it be to reduce the rate of ad-mission to twenty-five cents, or even less and attract two hundred thousand people who will otherwise be in worse places. The National Creed. LAST week we remarked that "before Christianity can have practically as the National Reformers demand that it shall have `an undeniable legal basis' in this country, it must be defined; that is, it must be decided what constitutes Chris-tianity; and that definition will be the national creed just as the Nicene creed was the creed of Rome." But really not all of this yet remains to be done. More than a year ago the Supreme Court de-clared this to be " a Christian Nation," and only six months later,Congress decided that Sunday is the " Christian Sabbath," enjoined by the fourth commandment, and consequently that its observance is an essential part of Christianity. Taking into consideration all that is involved in what has been done, the Nation even now has quite an elaborate creed ; and in the Sunday-closing proviso an attempt was made to enforce a practical recognition of that creed upon the people. The action of Congress, considered in the light of the reasons for that action, was a virtual recognition of the being of God, the Sonship of Christ, the inspira-tion of the Scriptures, and the divine au-thority of the first day of the week. Or, if preferred, the order can be reversed; namely, the recognition of Sunday as the " Christian Sabbath," enforced by the fourth commandment, necessarily involves the professed recognition of the being, power and authority of the Author of the commandment, the divine Sonship of Christ--the Founder of ChristianityŠand the inspiration of the Scriptures which contain the fourth commandment. It matters not that some of these things are true. If every article in the govern-mental creed were correct it would not alter the principle in the least. A gov-ernment can have no possible use for a creed except to enforce it to a greater or less extent on the individual citizen, and therefore, such a creed is entirely out of place. The moral allegiance of the indi-vidual is due to God. Each man is enti-tled to have and to hold his own creed regardless of what any or every other man in the universe believes; and government has no right to interfere with him in any manner, either in holding or in practicing that creed, unless under color of religion the individual interferes with the natural rights of his fellows. The Government of the United States has declared that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that the fourth commandment enjoins its observance, but not a single individual is under the slightest obligations to accept this declar-ation as true or to pay any respect to it whatever, for the Government was entirely out of place in making it. C. P. B. THE Constitution of the United States did not create religious rights, but simply recognizes them. "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are . . . endowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights." And of these rights, Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in his match-less report to the United States Senate on Sunday mails, January 19, 1829, said : "They are not exercised in virtue of gov-ernmental indulgence, but as rights, of which government can not deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Des-potic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them." The men who override constitutions and trample upon natural rights are the worst of tyrants, no matter what their profession may be. 