THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 181 Properly speaking, there is no. such thing as re-ligion of the State. What we mean by that phrase is, the religion of some individual or Set of individ-uals taught-  or enforced by the State. The State can have no religious opinions, and if it undertakes to. enforce, the teaching of such opinions, they must be the opinions of some natural person or class of persons. If it embarks in this business, whose opinion shall it adopt " All that the State ever can do is to give a certain class of persons the power to force their views in religion upon others at the public expense. But the State had a good deal better let that be done at the expense of those who want to teach that doctrine. It is clear that the State can-not:  do it Without at once making a dis-tinetien between its citizens and establish- ing a in religionsithings, which is only to establish a certain religion. Ł TO the.parent and the ChurCh is com-mitted by the .Lord the task of teaching religion. It is the place and the duty of the to carry to the unfortunate the 'consolations of religion, and even to criminals the hope of being made right-ooUS. But the Professor argues that es-pecially in the asylums for the deaf and blind, " young children are gathered for four, six, eight, or ten years in the form-ing period of life." The idea is that these young children need careful training in re-ligion and ,as the State has assumed charge of them, that therefore if they get such. training, the State must -give it. We are  willing to admit that these young .'children, hlind. or .deaf, should be taught re-ligion and, should be, trained in righteous-ness, but, as it is only the parent and the Church to whom this work has ever been committed; Ł it is they only who can_ do it. If -the parents fail to do it, then it is the plaCe of the Church to de it. If the Church fails to do it, then it goes undone because the State cannot do it. The difficulty, in this whole matter is that the Church in this and a good many other things, has proved recreant to her trust, and has deplorably failed to do the, very work which belongs to her, which God has committed to her, and which the,  failure to do .is a disgrace to her. And having done this, it is a poor plea for the Church to stand up and in-sist that the State shall leach religion to the children, and that the State shall not leave them godless when she herself, through the failure to teach them the re-ligion of Christ has left them godless. Next the Professor mentions the reform school and the penitentiary, and of the latter says :Š There is a penitentiary at Waupun, in the heart of our beautiful State, whither go up under sentence of. these courts, and . amid the deep solicitude Of Our people, five :hundred vigorous young merit, am-May to be recovered to citizenship, a -problem concerning which the perhaps most Sue-CeSSful and; perienced criMinalzofficer in Atherica saya, "I lalOW of- nothing which will solve the problem-of penal discipline but 'the religion' of Jesus Clatiat;" This decision; if it means anything, haz-arda the banishment of 'the religion not only of Jesits Christ, but,  of any religiOir whatever from that prison. To be sure it does, so far as any teach-ing by the State is concerned. But it does not preclude the Church from doing her work, that which is committed to her, of teaching these persons the religion of Christ. By the way, does Professor Blais-dell mean hereby to intimate that " any religion whatever " should be taught to anybody, but the religion of Jesus Christ ? If so, what religion should it be ? and how much would they be bettered ? But, aside from this, these people do not go to the penitentiary to be reformed; they are not sent there for that purpose. They are sent there in punishment for the crimes they have committed, and that their fellow citizens may be protected from their further depredations. It is a false theoryŠthis mawkish sentimentalismŠthat the criminal is unfortunate, and that it is misfortune that overtakes him when he is convicted of his crime and sentenced to the penitentiary to- pay the penalty. He is not unfortunate, he is bad. It is not misfortune, but justice that has overtaken him. It will not do to give the criminal to understand, as this theory does, that his conviction and the infliction of the pen-alty.  is a misfortune; It will not do for the State to undermine its own authority, destroy respect for its own laws, and put a premium upon crime, by counting jus-tice a misfortune. We admit that the religion of Jesus Christ will solve the problem, not only of penal discipline, but of parental and ev-ery other kind of discipline ; but it is impossible for the State to apply it either in the penal institutions or anywhere else. Besides if the State is to apply this rem-edy in penal institutions, why shall the State not apply it outside ? If the State is to teach the religion of Jesus Christ to people in the penitentiary to make them good while they are there, and to keep them out when they get out, why shall not the State teach that religion to the people before they get into the peniten-tiary, and in order that they may not get in there ? And if the State shall do this. then what is there for the Church to do, and what 'is the Church for ? Thus, and so surely, does the State be-come a Church, and a Church the State, by every theory that would have the State undertake to the slightest extent the work of teaching religion. And every plea that the State shall do so is a confes-sion that the Church either has no place in the world, or else has forgotten 'her place. A. T. J. THE American Sabbath Union Conven-tion, held a meeting In San Bernardino last week. The stock resolutions against Sun-day newspapers were . adopted. Sunday trains and Sunday-mails were condemned of course. Those present were in earnest and meant' what they said; but that doesn't help the matter any.ŠThe Citrograph. The Sphere of Legislation. LEGISLATION can deal only with the nat-ural affairs of man. The laws of a land are restraining and compulsory, and can therefore not touch the free will of a man, to which true religion only, can come. No legal enactment can make a man honest; but if he is found guilty of stealing, it can puniSh him as a warning, and .for a season remove him from all opportunities to steal. All legislation is for the protection of the people, to prevent the evil and unjust from molesting others in their just rights. Beyond this it has no power. All it can therefore do for religion, which is of every man's own free choice, is to prevent others from interfering with him in his worship and practices according to his own con-science; and to prevent zealots, who have not the Christian love of the neighbor, from molesting others. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL seems there-fore to be right in opposing religious leg-islation. . . . All just laws are made for the protection of the people in all their just rights; of which religious liberty is the first; hut no law can enforce, or even defend, any form of religion. ŠMount Joy, Pennsylvania, Herald. Sunday-Law Campaign in California. WE have mentioned the political cam-paign which the Sunday - law advocates are carrying on to secure representatives pledged to enact Sunday laws. It is the same old trickery put in new dress. The following statement of The Dial gives a good view of the way they are doing it :Š The very beneficent Sunday-law devo-tees have mapped out an importunate campaign for the present season in Cal-ifornia. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts and Mrs. Bateham, both of national reputation in the line of Sunday fanaticism, have come from the East to assist poor California in the herculean task of extricating herself from Sunday desecration. In addition to this, the local co-adjutors, male and fe-male, are training for a fight to the finish. Dr. Thompson, the State satellite of the American Sabbath Union, a few weeks ago laid out the plan of operations before the pastors of San Diego, which, in brief, comprised the following programme : First, to labor to secure recognition by one or both of the great political parties by Sun-day-law planks in their State platforms ; second, failing to effect the point in this way, the next step will be to work upon individual candidates for the Legislature. Faithful friends of the measure in each district will interview the candidate of one party and if possible procure his pri-vate pledge to support a Sunday law. They can say to him, "Your party is not committed either way, you are at perfect liberty to do as you please; your position need not be known during the campaign; 