OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL, 1888. NUMBER 4. VOLUME 3. \, \ %, ,'..1/4, s  ',.  ',. \ \ : \ \\O\\\\\N,,,,\ - \O\\ \ . :N, \\\.' \ ,1/4.\\ -Ns\ " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." ArlrFical2 BeOirrl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. EntePed at the Post.ofice in Oakland. "AND he said unto them, Render therefore unto Ciesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's." THE New York Independent notes-and com-ments as follows :Š "' The present worthless school system,' is what the Freeman's Journal calls our scheme of public education. If the Roman Catholics insist on destroying this system, they will have to destroy the Nation to succeed." Oh, no, they will not I All they will have to do to succeed is to wait a little while till the National Reform Association shall have gained the support and the influence of .a few more Protestant leaders, and then to accept the per-sistently proffered alliance of the Association, and the work will be done; the system will then soon and easily be destroyed. But then, having succeeded, the Nation will soon be de-stroyed. The Independent is right as to results; it had only misplaced the items. They will not have to destroy the Nation to succeed in destroying our public-school system. But having succeeded in destroying our public-school system, the destruction of the Nation will soon follow. N Ł 4.. MR. " SAM " SMALL has acquired a national reputation, and a very extensive influence, as a religious worker. Against this in itself, or in its legitimate exercise, we have not a word to say. But when he essays to use his influ-ence in the line of things set forth in the fol-lowing proposition, then we most decidedly object. Says Mr. Small:Š " I want to see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, national, and municipal; when the great churches of the country can come together har-moniously and issue their edict, and the legis, lative powers will respect it and enact it into laws." And that will be but the Papacy over again. From the way things are now going we have no doubt that Mr. Small as well as the rest of us will see that day come. And when it does come it will be the most woful day the Na-tion will have ever seen and the utter ruin of the whole national fabric will then be but a question of a little while. Morality and Civil Government. THE Independent, of St. I-leliena Cal., criticises a statement uf the SENTINEL as follows :Š " Says ' the AMERICAN SENTINEL: 6  Morality is a matter which, from its original nature and object, lies entirely beyond the reach and control of the State proper.' Then we are to understand that all police regulations, looking to the moral welfare of the community are wrong and illegal. Unfortunately for our fair California, that sentiment has prevailed too long." The statement of the SENTINEL is strictly true. Let us enlighten our critic. Morality, as defined by Webster, is "The relation of con-formity or non-conformity to the true moral standard or rule; . . . the conformity of an act to the divine law." The true moral standard is the law of GodŠthe ten com-mandments. The keeping of the ten com-mandments is morality; the breaking of any one of them is immorality. The keeping of the ten commandments is righteousness ; the breaking of any one of them is sin. This true moral standard takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart. To hate is murder; to covet is idolatry; to think impurely of a woman is adultery; and these things are immoral. Morality or immoral-ity lies in the heart; it pertains to the thoughts and intents of the heart; and with it the State can have nothing at all to do. The civil government has nothing to do with hatred, nor with covetousness, nor with im-pure thinking; yet all these things are im-moral. A man may hate his neighbor all his life; he may covet everything on earth; he may think impurely of every woman that he sees; he may keep this up all his days, and the State will not touch him, nor has it any right to touch him. It would be difficult to conceive of a more immoral person than such a man would be, yet the State cannot punish him. And this demonstrates our proposition, that " with immorality the State can have nothing at all to do." But only let that man's hatred lead him to attempt to do an injury to his neighbor, and the State will punish him. Only let his cov-etousness lead him to lay hands on what is not his, in an attempt to steal, and the State will punish him. Only let his impure mind lead him to attempt violence to any woman, and the State will punish him. Yet bear in mind, the State does not punish him even then for his immorality, but for his incivility.. The State punishes no man because he is im-moral, but because he is uncivil. It cannot punish, immorality ; it must punish incivility. This distinction is shown in the very term by which we designate State or national govern-ment. It is called civil government; no per-son ever thinks of calling it moral government. The Government of God is the only moral Gov-ernment. God is the only moral Governor. The law of God is the only moral law. To God alone pertains the punishment of im-morality, which is the transgression of the moral law. Governments of men are civil governments, not moral. Governors of men are civil governors, not moral governors. The laws of States and nations are civil laws, not moral. To the authorities of civil govern-ment it pertains to punish incivility, not im-morality. Thus again it is demonstrated, that with immorality civil, governments can never of right have anything to do. On the other hand, as God is the only moral Governor; as his is the only moral Gov-ernment; as his law is the only moral law; and as it pertains to him alone to punish im-morality; so likewise the promotion of morality pertains to him alone. Morality is conform-ity to the law of God; it is obedience to God. But obedience to God, must spring from the heart in sincerity and truth. This it must do, or it is not obedience; for, as we have proved by the word of God, the law of God takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart. But " all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." By transgres-sion all men have made themselves immoral. "Therefore by the deeds of the law [by obe-dience] shall no flesh be justified [accounted righteous or made moral] in his sight." Rom. 3: 20. As all men have, by transgres-sion of the law of God, made themselves im-moral, therefore no man can, by obedience to the law, become moral ; because it is that very law which declares him to be immoral. The demands, therefore, of the moral law, must be satisfied, before he can ever be accepted as moral by either the law or its Author. But the demands of the moral law can never be satisfied by an immoral person, and this is just what every person has made himself by transgression. Therefore it is certain that men can never become moral by the moral law. From this it is equally certain that if ever men shall be made moral, it must be by the Author and Source of all morality. And this is just the provision which God has made. For, " now the righteousness [the morality] of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; even the righteousness [the morality] of God which EDITORS. 