' AMERICAN SENTINEL— 79 that earnest work be done in the line of Na-tional Reform. "Those who oppose this work now," said he, "will discover when the relig-ious amendment is made to the Constitution, that if they do not see fit —to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences or seek some more congenial clime." - At 2:30  P.M. the Rev. A. B. Leonard, D. D., delivered a very eloquent, stirring address on the subject of intemperance and prohibition, using as his text, "The Upas Tree." At 7 : 30 P. M. Rev. J. M. Foster delivered an address on the principles of National Reform. He stated that there are two theories of civil gov-ernment: (1) 'The infidel, that regards it sim-ply as a secular matter; (2) the Christian, that places it on the basis of the Bible. The French adopted the first, for a day and an' hour'  but the results were such that they were glad to return to the other and recognize the authority of God in civil government. He proceeded: "Ours is a Christian nation. Christianity is the common law of this land: A Christian nation ought to have a Christian government. The State has a mighty power, but this it re-ceives from Almighty God. The civil gov-ernment is simply the arm of Jehovah deal-ing with man. If this is so, then it is the duty of the Nation to recognize the fact that God is the source of power. The laws of the State come from God, and are based upon the divine law of God, which was given upon two tables of stone to indicate its perpetuity. Those commandments are not obsolete; they are still in vogue. The State is the divinely appointed keeper of the decalogue, and should regulate its affairs in harmony with its individ-ual precepts, thus recognizing God as the source of law, preserving the sanctity of the Sabbath [Sunday], guarding the family relations, pro-hibiting murder by the revolver and by rum, etc. But our fathers made two mistakes in setting up this Government; first, in permit-ting slavery, and second, in ignoring the claim of the King of kings as the author of civil law. Slavery has been abolished; and now the other mistake must be corrected, and in doing this the speaker maintained that the Nation would act the part of wisdom as to her Ł national salvation." The Rev. M. A. Gault's " Talk on Bible Politics " given at 4 o'clock, in a hall called Bradley Temple, was mainly an effort to prove a similarity between the Jewish State and our Government, and to show that some of our principal laws are nothing but adapta-tions and modifications of laws given by Moses. The speaker held strongly that the moral law, the decalogue, is still binding upon mankind, and should be enforced upon the people by the State. And, in fact, these statements were repeated time and again by other-speakers, so that if we had not known just the object of this movement, we might 1ŠAL-thought ourselves in the midst of a peo-1%:.47it wished to magnify the law and of honorable, a people that especially Ł e greaHle commandments of God and the 3. ' Jesus. And here we apprehend will upo,  ,secret of their success. A direct the moral law, the ten command-ments, has still a deciding influence upon the minds of a great many professed Chris-tians who do not see that the enforcement of moral precepts is beyond the power of civil governments. The time on Friday evening was occupied by several speakers, among whom were the Rev. R. C. Wylie, and Mrs. Mary A. Wood-bridge, one of the vice-presidents of the Na-tional Reform Association, and recording sec-retary of the Woman's Christian Temperance -Union. Mr. Wylie presented in .a ten-min-ute speech the principles of National Reform, and Mrs. Woodbride followed with a short address, in which she remarked: "Those who have heard our brother outline the prin-ciples of the National Reform Association, will see how closely allied it is with the Woman's Christian Temperance Union." The next day, the 20th, was given to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. In the forenoon addresses were made on the sub- ject of woman's suffrage, on prison work, on the flower mission, and on the subject of Sabbath observance. Mrs. Bateham, superin- tendent of the Sabbath Observance Depart-ment of the W. C. ,T. U., spoke on the last mentioned subject. She stated in brief, that this was one of the most important of the forty different lines of work that the W. C. T. U: had in hand, and that considerable work was being done in this direction; that thirty-six States and- Territories had already adopted this department of the work, that State superintendents and agents had been appointed, and were out in the field, and that encouraging reports were being received. She stated that their aim was not to effect a un-ion of Church and State, but to secure the right for every man of having one day in seven. All unnecessary labor and traffic should be prohibited on Sunday, and the peo-ple should be led to see, that the safety of the Nation lies in the maintenance of this day as a day of rest. In the afternoon Mrs. Munsol delivered an address, and in the evening Mrs. Fannie W. Leiter read a paper on the value of scientific temperance education. The next day, Sunday, which was the last day of the Assembly, Rev. W. J. Coleman preached in the forenoon a National Reform sermon, based on Rev. 19: 11-16. His points were in brief as follows: " Every reformation in the past has been brought about when the people have obtained a new view of Christ. This must also be the case before a reform in national affairs can be secured. The Lord Jesus Christ is the ruler of nations, and this is the fundamental principle of national relig-ion." To prove that Christ is the ruler of na-tions, reference was made to such expressions as "the son of David," "he shall rule them with a rod of iron," "the Lord shall make his enemies his footstool," "the Prince of Peace," "there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom," "every knee shall bow," " King of kings and Lord of lords " etc.,Špas-sages that undoubtedly refer to Christ, but not until he has taken his everlasting kingdom into his possession; not until he has come the second time, to punish the wicked and reward the righteous; not until the "prince of this world," Satan, has been conquered, and He shall rule, whose right it is to reign. It seems to us that these National Reformers are mak-ing just as grievous a mistake in regard to Christ and his present position, as the Jews did in regard to his first advent. The Jews applied the prophecies relating to Christ's sec-ond coming in glory and power, to his first advent. And so these zealous, but mistaken reformers apply to Christ at the present time, passages that refer to his future glorious king-dom, when sin and sinners are no more, and, when Christ shall reign supreme. Referring to the sacrifices made to secure the abolition of slavery and to conquer the Rebellion, the speaker said that there ought to be a mighty army ready to pour out treasure, and blood, if need be, to vindicate the author-ity of Christ. "The Bible should be adopted as a standard to decide questions in political life, to decide between right and wrong. The idea of a divine law and a divine Christ should be forced into politics. There is. now no religion in the Constitution of the United States. Our aim is to bring this Nation to Christ, and to place it under the divine law. Our fundamental, principles are : Christ is king of the Nation, and the Bible is the rule of action. When this is recognized in the Con-stitution, it will settled the question of prohi- bition as well as every other moral reform. And this is the reason why the National Re-form question, should be agitated and pressed in connection with that of prohibition."  The address in the evening by Rev. J. B. Helwig, D. D., on the subject of the "Sabbath Question" was an effort to prove the necessity of maintaining and preserving the Sabbath [Sunday], pointing out some .of the dangers which threaten it at the present time. At the close of the sermon, farewell words were spoken by a number. Rev. James P. Mills stated that he had planned that next year a grand eight or ten days' National Reform Assembly should be held at Lakeside, if possible 'earlier in the season, so as to secure a larger attendance, and that this Assembly should include the National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, the twin sister of the National Reform Association, the Young Men's Christian Association, the Ohio Divorce As-sociation, various Sabbath leagues, anti-secret societies, etc. Such a Łgrand Christian Assembly would, he said, " set the groves of Lakeside ablaze with Reform ideas, the people would become enlightened, and would return to their homes prepared to carry on the work among their neighbors and friends." The advocates of National Reform are alive and busy at work, agitating, creating senti-ment, enlisting prominent and educated men in their ranks, and above all are very sure that their cause will triumph. There are two things which they themselves regard as very potent factors in bringing about the 'objects they have in view: 1. The close sympathy and union existing between the National Reform Association and the National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, and the hearty co-operation of this mighty army of women in furthering the aims of the Association. 2. The prospect of securing the right of suffrage for women, a line of work to which the W. C. T. U. are devoting their energies, and which the N. R. A. does not object to. And we were impressed that these two assistants, with others, might prove to be mighty agents in bringing about the changes in our Constitution which they demand. A. B. OYEN. IN THE HEHRT OF THE SIERRHS. BY J. M. HUTCHINGS. Tuts new work is a complete historical and descriptive sum-mary of the wonderful Yo Semite Valley and Big Tree Groves. The author, Mr. Hutchings, is an old pioneer, and has for more than 20 years resided in the Valley. He took the first sketches of it that were ever taken, and was the first to make its MARVELOUS GRANDEUR KNOWN TO THE WORLD. The work is complete' in one volume of nearly 000 pages, and is illustrated with over 150 illustrations, 28 of which are BEAUTIFUL FULL-PAGE ARTOTYPES. These artotypes are the most charmingly characteristic of any illustrations ever produced, and are perfectly true to life, having been photographed from nature. Sold only by subscription. Agents wanted everywhere. For prices and terms, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. la's GAME, PREVENTION, AND PROPER TREATMENT. By J. II. KELLOGG, M. D. THE increasing prevalence of this devastating disease, and its alarming fatality in so many cases, renders the subject of its Nat-ure and Treatment one of the greatest importance. This work gives a concise account of the Nature, Cause and Modes of Prevention, and'also THE MOST SUCCESSFUL METHODS OF TREATMENT Of this prevalent and fatal malady. It should be in every household, as its instructions, if faithfully carried out, will save many a precious life. Price, in board covers, 25 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. 