334 AmnnicAN ,Ir-,Z!Nrri:NV317,0 VOL. 8, Xo. 42:  by their absence. Roman Catholics made a strong showing in the congress. A paper on the "Place of Sunday observance in Christianity," by "His Eminence Cardinal Gibbons, Baltimore," was read by a Catholic priest of Chicago on the evening of the 28th. It was highly commended by Dr. Atter-bury (Presbyterian), chairman of the committee of arrangements, who declared that the cardinal had stated the question as essentially held by evangelical Protestants. This was a surprising avowal of the fact that in spite of the temporary "Puritan Sabbath" episode in modern history, Protestants have never left the fundamental posi-tions held by Roman Catholics on the Sunday question. This congress, developed and carried forward under the management of Presbyterian Protestantism, has had for its key-note what puritanism has hitherto called the " low ground Roman Catholic idea," and nothing has occurred in modern "Sunday movements" which so clearly demonstrates the inevitable return of Protestants to the Catholic platform, as the general drift of this congress. We have often_ shown that this return must come unless Protestants give up their false claims concerning Sunday and acct pt the Sabbath. " His Eminence " the cardinal, and the "eloquent archbishop," whose speech fora ed the main feature of the last session and whose prayer closed the programme, have reason to be abundantly satisfied with the tendencies and the results of the congress. Some speakers, like Dr. Henson and Joseph Cook, disclaimed vigorously against the indiffer-ence and the inconsistencies of Christians, and called loudly for more courage and conscience along the line of religious thought and action. The " increasing evils of Sunday desecration " were vividly portrayed, and the downfall of Chris-tianity and of the Republic were repeatedly pre-dicted "if the disregard for Sunday continues ; " but no scriptural basis for Sunday was offered and no ground for conscience was set forth. Denun-ciatory eloquence concerning things that are, creates more "applause" than real good when it fails to give an adequate and biblical basis for rt medy. It is far easier to complain than to cure, and the absence of efforts by "eminent speakers" to give any biblical ground for "Sunday rest" revealed the necessity which drove the congress to lower ground. Although it is true that the Roman Catholic element took, if anything, the superior place in this congress, still the denomination made the least effort there, and rather, in fact, treated the movement somewhat cavalierly.. It was really rather painful to see how the quite small consid-eration of the Roman Catholics was mag-nified and made much of by the Protestant promoters of the congress. But the an-cient hierarchy had no need to step down from its dignity to propitiate these its millions, for this entire Sunday movement is in reality, though ignorantly, an organ-ized Roman Catholic propaganda. Those Ł who doubt or deny this should read the articles from the Catholic Mirror lately published in this paper. Ł Ł  Exhibition of American Christianity. AN idea which obtained considerable currency the past year among a certain class of religionists, was to the effect that the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair, by the authority of the national Govern-ment of the United States, would be the most striking exhibition to foreign nations of " American Christianity "; and that this action would convince the most scep-tical, or at least ought to do so, that "this is a Christian Nation." Most of the readers of the SENTINEL, however, heartily disagree with any such notion; and it would be a good thing for the Nation, if every intelligent individual in it, understood the true bearings of this question. I am glad to know, that, by the Lord's blessing, the SENTINEL has opened the eyes of thousands upon thousands to see the light of truth in this matter. It would seem that, if it were possible for National Reformers to open their eyes  to see clearly, such paragraphs as the fol-lowing, from the secular press, would convince them of the erroneous nature of the ideas for which they so earnestly con-tend. Under the title of "Foreign Rev-erence," a World's Fair correspondent to the daily press says :Š There is here a chapel which ranks high among the wonders of the Fair and of the world. In this chapel I observe a little difference between our folks and foreigners. which is, at least, worth noting, be the moral what it may. Every Italian, Frenchman, or Spanish American, and almost every European of more northern na-tions, reverently removes his hat and maintains a profound silence; while Americans tramp through and chatter, without a sign that the place is any more to them than Machinery Hall. It is the same in other places where religion is illustrated. It would be interesting to know what these for-eigners think of us. Indeed, it would be interesting. If this sufficiently indicates " foreign reverence," it no less clearly shows that American irreverence is a national characteristic. Just as straws indicate the direction from which the wind is blowing, so such records as these show that National Reformers are cultivating a spurious Christianity, which falls short of gaining even the observance of the formalities which they seek. W. M. HERD. Decadence of Sunday in Massachusetts. NOTHING could better show how the former regard for Sunday has departed, than the following extract from corres-pondence of Dr. A. P. Foster, in the Advance for March 30, 1893: Š He declared that Massachusetts, once first in morals, is now the last in New England in respect to Sabbath law and Sabbath practice, The license laws of the State, he affirmed, permit the licensing of Sabbath breaking. It seems that according to law in Massachusetts, steam, gas and electricity may be manufactured on the Sabbath for light, heat and power; the telegraph and telephone may be used; horses, yachts and boats may be let; newspapers may be manufactured, transported and sold; butter and cheese may be made; public bath-houses may be kept open; food in bakeries may be made and sold before 10 A. M. , and between 4 and 6 30 P. M. ; steamboats and railroad trains may be run "as the public necessity and convenience may require, having regard to the due observance of the day." This list is exceedingly suggestive as to the modern ideas in regard to what work is neces-sary on the Sabbath day. Undoubtedly the same things are done in other States, but it would seem without permission of law. The deep significance of the general statement concerning Sunday lawlessness in Massachusetts, cannot be overestimated. Massachusetts, originally, had the most rigid civil laws concerning Sunday. The earlier laws and practices covered the time from "Sunset on Saturday to sunset on Sunday." During this time all business and recreation were forbidden, with a strictness more than "Mosaic." If Sunday laws are of supreme value in preventing disregard for the day, how has it come to pass that this legislation which was once supported by such public conscience as insured its enforcement, has not only fallen into disuse, but has been actually repealed ? Do men expect to begin with this ruin and accomplish reformation through a system of laws which have not only failed to check the downward drift, but have been actually swept away ? Can the fragments of the overthrown system be drawn from their place in the mud of the overflowing deluge, and made into barriers which will turn back the tide, and restore the drowned conscience of the State ? No one can expect such a result. The evil lies far deeper than decaying  civil law. The Puritan Sunday was built upon a compromise with God's law and the Bible. It assumed a falsehood, namely, that the Sabbath could be ignored and disregarded in the name of Christian-ity, could be stigmatized as " Jewish " and " obsolete," and that the Sunday, by the fiction of transferred law, could be built on that compromise. The inherent weakness of that error insured present results. When God and his law were eliminated from the question there was no ground left for religious conscience. The " Civil Sabbath " took the place of the divine. It was " New England's day," against "God's day." The only result that could come has come. Massachusetts is practically Sabbathless. Her mistaken Christian citizens sowed to the wind, and have reaped the whirlwind. They took the sword of " Civil Sabbathism " and now lie slain with that sword thrust through the heart of the dead Sunday. Come back to God ; there is no help in Egypt.ŠThe Evangel and Sabbath Out-look. Missionary Law in the Pacific Islands. THE Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal., reprints an article written from Niue, or Savage Island, Pacific Ocean, to the Fiji Times, by Dr. M. G. Kellogg, medical missionary accompanying the missionary brigantine Pitcairn, in the course of which he presents this very suggestive and in-structive information :Š The island has no well-established government. It is independent, no foreign power having consid-ered it worth looking after. The missionaries have been industrious in their efforts to civilize and Christianize the people, and on the adoption of Christianity by them the missionaries have endeav-ored to have what they consider Christian laws and customs adopted. As a consequence, none but church members are allowed to hold office, and sin is punished instead of crime. The same mistake has been made in all the islands that I have visited where the London Missionary Society has been at work. Strict laws are enacted against what the good missionary considers great sins, such as working on Sunday, for instance. Heavy fines are imposed, and zealous church mem-bers are set to spy out the transgressor. The judges, or fakafali, as they call them, are also church members, and they impose certain fines. The fine when collected is divided between the judges, the spies (police they call them on some isles), and the native teachers. On Maugia I was informed by a white resident that the white mis-sionary received a portion of the fine, claiming that he was entitled to it for services as general coun-selor. The system of laws concocted by the mis-sionaries, and the manner of executing them, have not resulted in arousing the individual conscience to a sense of what is right and to the importance of doing right for the sake of the right. Instead of this the natives who are disposed to do wrong have learned to practice deceit to avoid detection, but, if detected, they, by paying the fine, condone the offense and are again in good social standing, with no real reformation of character. On some of the islands the missionaries have not only been "regal" in authority, but, to use the language of an English resident on one of the islands, their reign has been as autocratic as that of the Czar of Russia. Here is the paradise of the National Reform Association and the American Sabbath Union. Where is that hot-headed and cold-hearted advocate of their princi-ples,, who has been so often quoted as desiring to exile all who disagreed with him and his confreres to some desert island, etc. ? Let his attention be called, to this far away rest for his own soul. To be " led by the Spirit " is not to be dragged by it. The soul that has to be dragged is not born of the Spirit. Forced obedience is not the sign of Sonship.ŠThe Christian Index, 