58 A M1~1Lb',II(C AN SEAN-WIN   11-4,1_40 Vol. 8. No. 8. Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. Mr. Quay's " Book of the Law" was, then, the Word of God, and his " reasons for the amendment " were drawn solely from that section of the law of God which enjoins six days labor and says, " But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." In this law God gave his rea-sons for the decree; it was because upon that day he had rested from the six days' labor of creation, and on that account had blessed and hallowed that day and estab-lished its observance as an everlasting memorial, in eternal remembrance of him-self and his work in the first week of the world's existence. That was an assurance that those who kept the remembrance of this day in their hearts and lives would not forget God. Mr. Quay, then, assumed the same rea-sons for his Sabbath-closing proviso which God gave in the law in the beginning. In the position which he had thus taken Mr. Quay seemed to see no discrepancy, or at least admitted none, until Mr. Man-derson, of Nebraska pointed it out to him thus:Š The language of this amendment is that the Ex-position shall be closed "on the Sabbath day." I submit that if the Senator from Pennsylvania de-sires that the Exposition shall be closed upon Sun-day this language will not necessarily meet that idea. The Sabbath day is not Sunday. Decisions are abundant upon the proposition that that language does not mean the first day of the week, even in this Christian nation. If one examines the numer-ous laws upon the statute books of States providing that there shall be no common labor upon the first day of the week, it will be found that invariably the language is that no common labor shall be per-formed " upon the first day of the week, com-monlyŁcalled Sunday." The words "Sabbath day " simply mean that it is a rest day, and it may be Saturday or Sunday, and it would be subject to the discretion of those who will manage this Exposition whether they should close the Exposition on the last day of the week in conformity with that observance which is made by the Israelites and the Seventh-day Baptists, or should close it on the first day of the week, gener-ally known as the Christian Sabbath. It certainly seems to me that this amendment should be adopted by the Senator from Pennsylvania, and if he pro-poses to close this Exposition that it should be closed on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, if he desires that the provision should be operative in that way. Mr. Quay then said :Š I will accept the modifications so far as its phraseology designates the first day of the week. I think it is not likely that the amendment will be disregarded in its present form. . . . I accept the modification so far as it refers to the first day of the week, or Sunday. Previous to this the form of the amend-ment had been consistent with the rea-sons given for its presentation and desired adoption. It asked " for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath day ;" but now, without having changed the basis upon which the demand is made, referring to the same statute in the same " Book of Law," it asks, " for the closing of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." This was in the Senate. In the House the distinction was drawn just as strikingly by Mr. Bowers, of California. Both Houses passed the proviso in the latter form on the strength of the " reasons " derived from the " Book of Law." What is sought by this legislation ? Is it that " times and laws," of which Dan- iel the prophet speaks, are sought to be changed ? What power does this same " Word of God " say will seek to do that ? Where is there a parallel to this legisla-tion ? Is its example and parallel to be found in the third and fourth century, when that Religious Absolutism arose which turned the breaking dawn of the gospel into the night of the Middle Ages ? Is this a correct parallel, or is it not ? If it is what has the future in store ? W. H. M. Ł An Unprofitable Persecution. THERE have as yet been no new devel-opments in the persecution of Adventists in this county since the late term of the Circuit Court. Public opinion is a good deal divided as to the propriety of prose-cuting the Adventists, but since the recent cases were disposed of as they were, the trend of sentiment is against the action of the Attorney-General, in using the courts as an engine of persecution for conscience' sake. Ex-Governor Porter, who voluntarily ap-peared as of counsel for the persecuted men, is the most popular man in the county, and his action has had a great influence in the right direction. One gentleman, a physician, was heard to re-mark, prior to the trial of Wm. Dortch, that the Adventists had employed a great lawyer (Mr. Ringgold), but that it would do them no good; he thought they would be fined more heavily than before, and that they ought to be. As soon as it was known that Governor Porter was inter-ested in the defense, the same man was heard to say that the Adventists would get off and that he thought the authori-ties ought not to bother them. Under the ruling of the court in the case of Wm. Dortch it will be very diffi-cult for the Attorney-General to secure a conviction in any such case in the future. The Judge ruled that two or even three acts of work were not sufficient to consti-tute a nuisance, but that a series of such acts must be shown, and that the work must be done in such a public manner as to amount to a nuisance in the commu-nity. It is very evident that work done so quietly and so privately that it can be proved only by members of the family of the one doing the work, is not done in such a manner as to constitute a public nuisance. The Attorney-General has all along ex-pressed great regret that the law com-pelled him to prosecute such good men as he believed the Adventists to be, but that he had no choice in the matter. His oath required him to enforce the law, he said. But his oath has not required him to en-force the law against Sunday wokk upon any except the Adventists, and a few ne-groes, and the indictments against the latter were so defective that to say that the Attorney-General did not know it would be to impugn his knowledge of law. The two railroads running through Paris run their trains and .repair their tracks on Sunday as on other days, and that contrary to the law; but the Attor-ney-General instead of proceeding against either the corporations or their employees, encourages their disregard of the law by himself traveling on Sunday on their trains, and then prosecutes, out of respect to his oath of office, a few conscientious Adventists whose religion requires them to devote Sunday to secular pursuits The hotels in Paris carry on their busi- ness on Sunday as on other days, the 'buses -run to the trains as usual, the livery stables do the bulk of their business on Sunday, in summer the ice wagons make their rounds as usual, the newsboys sell their papers as on other days, and sometimes, the writer is informed, the crack of the rifle, the report of the shot-gun, and the baying of dogs is heard in the immediate vicinity; but none of these things disturbs the community or calls for action on the part of the Attorney-Gen-eral, but a few Adventists quietly work-ing on their farms in one of the most secluded sections of the county disturbs the whole community ! and " is a public nuisance "! ! and "against the peace and dignity of the State "! ! ! Could anything be more absurd ? Another consideration that has weight with some people, is the fact that the persecution of the Adventists involves the county in quite an expense. Instead of mulcting the Adventists in heavy fines and costs, the county succeeded in the recent cases in transferring to their pock-ets about ninety-five dollars of county funds in the shape of witness fees, and this at a time of year when their time was of very little value to them otherwise. This fact caused the postmaster at Springville, a virulent enemy of the per-secuted men, to say, a few days since : " We might just as well quit this court business; it only puts the county to a big expense, and we can't get justice no way." The old man's ideas of justice are a little " mixed," but he is about right as to the financial aspect of the question. It is a great pity that men are so blind to justice that only selfish considerations will lead them to accord to their fellows their God-given rights; but such is too often the case. C. P. B. Paris, Tenn., February 15. Before the Trial of the Adventist Cases. "By Their Fruits Ye Shall Know Them." IN marked contrast with the views of Ex-Governor Porter, of Tennessee, and Professor Ringgold, of Baltimore, ex-pressed in interviews which were reprinted in the last number of the SENTINEL, is this editorial from the News-Banner, published at Troy, Obion County, Tennessee:Š Henry County, in Judge Swiggart's jurisdiction has an enormous nest of Seventh-day Adventists in it. The grand jury has indicted eleven men for plowing, hoeing and hauling on Sunday, in other words following their ordinary occupation on Sun-day. In nearly every case, these Adventists are as bull-headed as they are ignorant. A large, rich and well-organized band of Northern Sunday law-breakers are at the heels of these ignorant Henry County people egging and hissing them onŠalso furnishing them with money. All this is done under the guise that religious liberty is assailed in Tennessee. This organized band of Northern agi-tators claim to be far ahead of the rest of the world in understanding what constitutes civil and religious liberty. They send out thousands of pamphlets each week cad sow them broadcast all over the United States. The substance of all their statements and printing is that there ought to be no national or State observance of Sunday and that it is a cruel, barbarous, outrageous violation of na-tional religion and civil rights to prevent a man from working on Sunday. If they had their way, and Sunday blotted out, we think Christianity would be subverted. Many newspapers, North and South, have been tricked into defending these Ad-vent rascals. Not only are they guilty of blas-phemy worse than devilish but they are worse than the foul-mouthed anarchists who believe in the total disruption and annihilation of all law. The law of Tennessee specifically and definitely says you must not work on Sunday. Yet these infa-mous anarchistic law-breakers advise people to 