periear,_ 90c 80c 75c - - - 70c - - 65c - - - 60c 5 shillings 352 SIN'T I NM L. Vox.. 9, O. 44. Nnw YORK, NOVEMBER 8, 1894. lar" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE American Catholic Quarterly Re- view, for October, contains an official translation of Leo XIIL's invitation to "the nations and peoples of the universe" to return to the fold of the so-called " Catholic" Church. WITH becoming modesty, Cardinal Gib-bons has written a long introduction to the official translation of the pope's en- cyclical, which may be understood as ex-plaining just what the "holy father" meant. The cardinal says :Š But what is the great Leo's principle of union; what his remedy for existing dissensions ? What the nature of the invitation addressed to all princes and people ? He advises reconciliation and union with the Church of Rome; not such a union that would be brought about "by a certain kind of agreement in the tenets of belief and an intercourse of fraternal love. The true union between Christians is that which Jesus Christ, the Author of the church, instituted and de-sired, and which consists in a unity of faith and a unity of government." In his view, which is the only true view, the supremacy of the Roman pontiff, the supreme jurisdiction of St. Peter and his success-ors, can alone unite us in the fellowship with our Redeemer. That has been the claim of the Catholic Church from the beginning. She has repeated and insisted on—the necessity of submission to the center of Christian truth and the bond of external union. The fathers and doctors have invariably taught that "where Peter is, there is the church," .and that on account of its superior power and primacy every particular church must adhere and be united to the Church of Rome where blessed Peter erected his see forever. It is, thus that we are brought face to face, as it were, with that wonderful seat, or see, 'from which the pope derives his " infallibility; " and it is to faith in that that the pope has invited all " princes and peoples."- " Where Peter is there is the church," and where Peter is, there is his seat to which attaches infallibility! Pro-found thought ! Christ is out, Peter is in; God is dethroned and " the man of sin" sits " in the temple of God showing himself that-he is God." But' it is only when we realize that Peter" is dead that the stupendous folly of the whole thing dawns upon the mind. The papal TSystem is built upon men, and upon dead men at that, as shown in our first page',  :article. Read, and ponder it well. Ł Ł Wp print on page 349 a portion of a lengtlireonimunication from Prof. W. H. McKee, fortherly bn the editorial staff of this paper, giving entire Elder H. P. Holser's plea before the Swiss courts. This plea is quite long and we had already published a synopsis of it, but owing to its  value, and considering the fact that many of our readers would doubtless wish to have it all, we print it just as Prof. McKee sends it. The conclusion together with our correspondent's comments on the sit-uation in Switzerland, will appear next week. THE matter we are now publishing from Alexander Campbell is decidedly pertinent in view of the demand of the " moral societies " of the present day to strengthen the Sunday law of 1794, which Campbell opposed so vigorously and co ably. Ł AMONG our significant paragraphs are two printed side by side showing the attitude of the Church of Rome toward religious liberty in Europe and in Amer-ica. In Europe Rome opposes every con-cession to God-given human rights; but in America the same power poses as the champion of religious freedom ! Only recently the hierarchy in Spain protested against the ordination of an Anglican bishop in Madrid ; and now, while the Roman Catholic press of this country is waxing loud in its plaudits of religious liberty, "the church" in Hungary is do-ing its utmost to maintain the Church and State statutes by which it has so long held in cruel bondage the' Hungarian people. " Rome never changes." Two more arrests of Adventists, for Sunday work, are reported from Tennes-see. This time Rhea County, in the east-ern part of the State, is the scene of the persecution. These arrests seem to have been made under the statute, and the cases tried before a justice of the peace. One prisoner was found not guilty, the other was fined $3 and costs, amounting in all to $10. He refused to make payment and is in jail. The Circuit Court is in session and indictments under the nuisance deci-sion are looked for. The Adventists are sowing the county with religious liberty literature. IT is probable that ere this paper reaches our readers Elder H. P. Holser will be serving out his -sentence in a Swiss jail for refusing to close the Basel Sev-enth-day Adventist publishing house on Sunday. Read his manly, straightfor-ward defense on page 349, and then can-didly answer the questions, Are Sunday statutes just laws ? Is Sunday observance a proper subject of civil law ? LAST spring two Seventh-day Advent-ists were arrested at Shady Side, Md., for Sunday work, on a warrant issued by a justice of the peace. They waived a hear-ing and were bound over by the justice to the circuit court. On Monday, October 22, they appeared before the court at An-napolis and were told by the State's attor-ney that their cases would not be called before the following Monday, and that  they could go until that time. Two days later, one of them, H. 0. Sullen, was ar-rested on a bench warrant and placed in jail. The other, A. J. Howard, hearing that a warrant was out for him also, went immediately to court. Both gave new bonds for their appearance on October 29. The prosecuting attorney said he had for-gotten that he had excused them. A. J. Howard, one of the accused men, is a minister, and a lawyer who had heard him preach on one occasion, came to him and offered to defend him and his friend, Mr. Bullen, free of charge. His kind offer was accepted, and when the cases were called, October 29, the lawyer filed a demurrer to the indictment. The ground of the demurrer was that the in-dictment only charged bodily labor on Sunday and did not specify that it was not work of " charity or necessity." The court sustained the demurrer, and also vol-untarily held that Sunday work is not indictable in Maryland, and that cases of that character could come before the cir-cuit court only on appeal from a justice of the peace. The accused Adventists were, of course, both discharged, the county paying the costs. THE Independent says, whether ironi-cally or not, we do not say:Š Here is another sign in the heavens of the approach. ing ecclesiastical millennium. At the meeting of the Northwestern Association (Congregational) of Penn-sylvania, held in Allegheny, Penn., October 16-18th, the subject of church unity was given a prominent place. The offer for Christian unity made by the Congregational churches of the New Jersey Associa-tion and indorsed by other States, was presented by the Rev. H. M. Bowden, and a discussion of the ques-tion followed, participated in by representatives of the German Evangelical Synod of North America, the Methodist Protestant and the Baptist churches. There was present through most of the meetings an accred-ited delegate from the Free Baptist Conference. It is believed that the way is clear fora combined meeting of delegates from these and a number of other churches, and that the near future will see alliances formed of at least local significance. If these alliances were formed upon truth, they would be hailed with joy by every Christian, but being formed as they are for the support, for the most part, of the unscriptural Sunday dogma, they are significant, but only ominously so. THE new Constitution of this State pro-vides for the annual assembling of the legislature the first Wednesday in January instead of the first Tuesday, as under the old regime, "in order that the speaker-ship contest need not take place on Sun-day as heretofore." Great is the Sunday of the papacy! AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, 25 to 99 " " " 100 to 249  250 to 499 " " " " 500 to 999 " " " " 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street. Nevi York City. - $1.00. 