204 TIfl AAMRICAN $.ENTIN'EL. or the authority of the power which seeks to enforce such rest. He may not "keep " the day as the Sabbath day should be kept, according to the spirit of the Sab-bath commandmentŠhis observance of it may be one of form only; but this in the Ł eyes of others at least, is an observance of the day, for only each individual can ex-amine the thoughts and intents of his own heart. The eyes of the world around us can not, or at least do not, penetrate be-yond the letter of our Sabbath observance, Šthe outward refraining from labor; this is all, therefore, that can be asked of any one in enforcing Sunday observance. This also is all that the authors of the first-day Sabbath ever asked as that which should constitute its observance. Sunday was never blessed, sanctified, and made holy; as a rival to the true Sabbath, it is sufficient that the religious world should be induced to rest and attend religious worship upon that day instead of on the seventh day. The edicts which gave rise to Sunday observance never commanded anything more; nor is anything more ex-acted by the apostate church which has ever been the especial guardian of the day. Every intelligent person knows that the Roman Catholic Church does not demand of its members the observance of Sunday in the spirit of Isa. 58:13. That is the ob-servance demanded by God with reference to his day,Šan observance which reaches to the words, and the thoughts of the heart. " God is a Spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth ; " but the " beast," the Papacy, is,  not a spirit, and demands no spiritual wor-ship. In those countries where the reign of the Papacy is most supreme, the presence of the devout worshiper at mass on Sun-day morning, is deemed by the priest nothing incompatible with his presence at a bull fight in the afternoon; and in our own land it is well enough known that the Catholic communicant, having attended religious services in the morning, is at liberty to spend the remainder of the day just about as he pleases. The Catholic Church does not demand Sunday observance as an act of worship to God, but as an act of homage to itself, and as such it is an act in the highest degree offensive to God. It lowers his Sabbath before the world to a level with the spu-rious, rival Sabbath which is of satanic origin. It nullifies entirely the act of rest-ing upon the preceding seventh day. To worship God, and an anti-Christian power also, is to worship the latter power alone. God. demands that we should worship and serve him always, and him only. The devil is satisfied to let us serve God part of the time and himself the rest of the time, well knowing that we are thereby serving him all the time, and God not at an. We do not think also that any person can af-ford to surrender, under such circum-stances, his right, before mentioned, to six days of secular employment in every week. He who surrenders a God-given right in obedience to an arbitrary demand by any earthly power, merely as an act of homage to itself, makes himself a slave. We think therefore that it should be a matter of conscience with all observers of the true Sabbath, not to comply with the demand to rest on the first day of the week. However, "let each be fully per-suaded in his own mind." It is certain that they, and all others, have a right not to keep Sunday, and we think it equally evident that to do so would be to make a  compromise that would be very displeasing to God. God will surely vindicate his word; and those who stand upon that word need have no fear but that they will be vindicated with it. Of course, it must not be forgot-ten that in such a matter every person should act with discretion, taking care not to disturb others, or to make himself need-lessly obnoxious to any. Nothing is more unnecessary, nothing would be more un-wise, than that any one should make a needless and obnoxious display of his an-tagonism to Sunday rest. It is enough that a person should quietly and unosten-tatiously pursue his secular duties upon the first day of the week, and it would certainly be great folly for any one to bring needless trouble in this respect either upon himself or upon the cause of the truth which he professes.ŠAdvent Review and Sab-bath Herald. A Judicial Profession of Christianity for the Nation. [Further extracts from an address by A. T. Jones, delivered at Battle Creek, Mich., May 14, 1892, as reported in the Review and Herald.] JUSTICE BREWER'S decision establishes and justifies the requirement, from all officials, of a belief in the doctrine of the Trinity, and the inspiration of the Scrip-tures, by a quotation from the Constitu-tion of Delaware, of 1776, as follows:Š I. A. B., do profess faith in God the Father, and in Jesus Christ his only son, and in the Holy Ghost, one God, blessed forevermore; and I do acknowl-edge the holy scriptures of the Old and New Testa-ments to be given by divine inspiration. And the doctrine that is held all through the decision, that this thing and the Con-stitution speak the same language and have one meaning, is just at this point emphasized in the following words :Š Even the Constitution of the United States, which is supposed to have little touch upon the private life of the individual, contains in the First Amend-ment a declaration common to the Constitutions of all the States, as follows: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." And also pro-vides that the Executive shall have ten days (Sun-days excepted) within which to decide whether he will approve or veto a bill. [And there is a sly rec-ognition of Sunday observance as constitutional.] There is no dissonance in these declarations. There is a universal language pervading them all, having one meaning; they affirm and reaffirm that this is a religious Nation. These are ;lot individual say-ings, declarations of private persons, they are or-ganic utterances ; they speak the voice of the entire people. Having now established a religion for "the entire people," with all the appur-tenances thereto, the court cites and sanc-tions the declaration of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, that " Christianity is, and always has been, part of the common law," and then proceeds to establish the doctrine that it is blasphemy to speak or act in contempt "of the religion professed by almost the whole community." And this is done by citing the pagan decision of Chief Justice Kent, of New York, which " assumes that we are a Christian people." There remains but one thing more to complete the perfect likeness of the whole papal system; and that is the direct and positive sanction of Sunday laws. Nor is this one thing lacking. It is fully and completely supplied. As before observed, it is broadly hinted at in the quotation last made above. But the court does not stop with that; it proceeds to cite the Sunday laws as one of the " organic utter-ances," which proves conclusively that  this is a Christian Nation." The words of the Court are as follows:Š If we pass beyond these matters to a view of American life, as expressed by its laws, its business, its customs, and its society, we find everywhere a clear recognition of this same truth. Among other Matters, note the following: The form of oath uni-versally prevailing, concluding with an appeal to the Almighty ; the custom of opening sessions of all deliberative bodies, and most conventions, with prayer; the prefatory words of all wills, "In the the name of God, Amen ; " the laws respecting the observance of the Sabbath, with the general cessa-tion of all secular business, and the closing of courts, legislatures and other similar public assem-blies, on that day. . . . These, and many other matters which might be noticed, add a volume of unofficial declarations to the mass of organic utter-ances that THIS IS A CHRISTIAN NATION. Now let us sum this up and see what has been done : There is a national reli-gion established, and it is called Chris-tianity and Protestantism. With this there is also specifically justified and established as the meaning of the Constitution of the United States, (1) the maintenance of the discipline of the churches by the civil power; (2) the requirement of the reli-gious oath; (3) the requirement of the religious test-oath as a qualification for office; (4) public taxation for the support of religion and religious teachers; (5) the requirement of a belief in the Trinity, and the inspiration of " holy scriptures of the Old and New Testaments;" (6) the guilt of blasphemy upon every one who speaks, or acts, in contempt of the established religion Ł (7) and laws for the observance of Sunday, with the general cessation of all secular business. All this is declared by unanimous decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, to be the meaning of the Constitution of the United States. Now what more was ever the Papacy than that ? What more than that was ever required by the Papacy ? Not one thing. And all this is declared in favor of Protestantism. What, then, is this but the legal establishment, and that by the highest court of the Government, ŠWhat then is this but the legal establishment of the very likeness of the Papacy ? If there is one here who does not think so, then I wish he would tell us what more needs to be done, or what more could be done, to make the likeness of the Papacy, in the principle of the thing ?Šin principle, I say, not yet in its practical workings, for life has not yet been given to it. But so far as the making of the thing goes, and the establishment of the principles of it, the likeness of the Papacy is made in this decision. Look at it from another standpoint. Suppose an amendment to the Constitu-tion had been passed by Congress and presented to the people for adoption. Suppose that amendment had recited in a preamble these very historical statements here cited by the Supreme Court, and then upon that had declared that this is a Chris-tian Nation. But even more than this has been and, is now, actually done by this decision. If such an amendment were ever adopted, and so were made a part of the Constitution, it would still remain for the Supreme Court to define the meaning of it. But the Court has already done all this. The Court has traced the whole course of religious purposes in government from Ferdinand and Isabella down " to the present hour," and has declared that this is the meaning of the Constitution as it now stands. This is the unanimous voice of the authoritative interpreter of the Constitution. Legally, and so far as the 