14 A.M11-tItCAN  9, xo. signed as a constant reminder of the work of God through Christ in redemption. Without holiness no man shall see the Lord. We are commanded, " Be ye holy, for I am holy." But we cannot make our-selves holy. There is one thing that always makes holy, and that is the presence of Jesus Christ. When Christ dwells in our hearts by faith, we are made holy by his presence, and this is the blessing of Sab-bath-keeping. That is Christian experi-ence; that is the Christian life. When Christ dwells in the heart by faith, he by his presence makes the believer holy. DOUBLE BLESSING ON THE SABBATH. But is it not true that we have the blessing of God and 'the presence of Christ on other days besides the Sabbath day ?ŠMost certainly it is. But there is a differ-ence between the blessing of God upon man and the blessing of God upon the day. In the beginning, speaking of the creation of man, the Word says, " And God blessed them." When it came to the seventh day, and God in Christ rested from his work, he then blessed the seventh day. Now, there is the blessing upon man, and that blessing has continued for every one who will receive it until the present time; there is the blessing upon the day, and that blessing has continued upon that 'day, and is there now. But God in Christ never blessed any other day. He blesses man upon every day, but he has blessed only one day, and that is the seventh day. So when man, upon whom the blessing of God already rests, comes to the seventh day, upon which a blessing rests, there are two blessings, and both of them for man; and so it is possible upon the seventh day of the week to enjoy a blessing which cannot be enjoyed upon any other day because it is not, there. When the Sabbath goes by us, the Sabbath blessing goes along with it. God's blessing is still with us upon the first day of the week, his blessing remains upon us wherever we go, his blessing remains upon the Sabbath wher-ever it goes; and when it comes around to us again, the blessing is still upon it, and it ha s_ a blessing in addition to the blessing that God has given us. This is the bless-ing of, the Sabbath; this is the blessing of Sabbath-keeping. But not only is it said that God in Christ blessed the Sabbath day and hal-lowed it, but he sanctified it. Notice what it is that sanctifies. " And there I will meet with the children of Israel, and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory." Ex. 29:43. What is it that sanc-tifies ?ŠIt is the presence, the glory of God in Christ. And just as God dwelling in the tabernacle sanctified it, so Christ in the believer sanctifies him. THE SABBATH A SIGN OF SANCTIFICATION. Now read Eze. 20 :12 : " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me anc them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Or, as another translation reads, " I am Jehovah, their sanctifier." And in connection with that read Ex. 31:13: `! Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my Sabbaths ye shall keep; for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you." Another translation gives that clause in this way : " I, Jeho-vah, am sanctifying you." Nov, of what is the Sabbath to be a sign to us as it  comes week after week ?ŠIt is to be a sign that "I, Jehovah, am sanctifying you," and every succeeding Sabbath marks the prog-ress of that work of sanctification. We receive the blessing of God on one Sab-bath; the next one comes, and if we have been growing in grace and in the knowl-edge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, the blessing of the next Sabbath is an added blessing. It teaches us more and more of the power of God in creation and in redemption. We add to our experience, and it is a sign continually, " I, Jehovah, am sanctifying you," making you holy. Thus it appears again that the blessing of the Sabbath is the blessing of sanctifica-tion. ( To be continued. ) Ł A Splendid Revolution. [It will be remembered by our readers, that two or three years ago the American Secular Union put a plank in its platform indorsing Sunday laws for " scientific and economical reasons." This was ac-complished under the presidency and leadership of Dr. Westbrook. It will be also remembered how the National Reform combination exulted over this sur-render of the Secular Union to their principles. Well, there has been lately a revolution in the Secular Union. Mr. Westbrook has been retired from the presidency, and with him also his Sunday-law plank from the platform of the union. In their late annual convention, Mr. Westbrook offered a paper defending  his Sunday-law theory, but the union refused to hear it. It seems that Mr. Westbrook resented this, and like the other National Reformers, charged the union with " anarchy." The rest of the story is well told in the following communication which we have received from Mr. Samuel P. Putnam, which we willingly print, and congratulate the members of the American Secular Union upon this splendid revolution which has cut them loose from the National Reform combination.] I THINK the officers of the American Sec-ular Union were perfectly justified in not reading the speech of Mr. Westbrook, since it squarely opposed the principles of the union. Did not Westbrook once upon a time call down Charlesworth for the rea- son that he was going beyond the Nine De-mands, though not against them ? Where is the intolerance, then, of not reading a speech that is opposed to these demands upon which the union is founded ? The union and federation are opposed, and all true Liberals must be opposed, to any kind of Sabbath or Sunday laws. We want no laws on the subject whatsoever, any more than we want laws to regulate our sleeping, or our eating, or our drink-ing. Thi's is not anarchy, as Mr. West-brook charges. It is simply the democ-racy of Paine and Jefferson, of the Declar-ation of Independence and the Constitu-tion of the United States. It is simply the rights of man. Can't Dr. Westbrook see that if the government has a right to en-force a secular Sunday, it has the same right to enforce a religious Sunday ? It then becomes not a question of principle, but of the wish of the majority. Does Westbrook mean to maintain that the mi-nority has no rights which the majority is bound to respect ? I wish Dr. Westbrook would discuss principles and not wants. No matter what the majority of the peo-ple want; the question is what have they a right to enforce by law ? I affirm that as a matter of fact the opening of the World's Fair was in accord-ance with the wishes of a large majority of the people of the United States, and there is plenty of testimony on this point, given by A. T. Jones in the AMERICAN SENTINEL and our own Freethought jour- nals, and in the public press generally. As a matter of fact there were two million signatures in favor of opening to less than five hundred thousand against it. But to get at the gist of the argument : I will grant that two thirds of Congress, of the National Commission of the Local Directory, and of the exhibitors, home and foreign, wanted the Fair closed on Sunday. I will give Westbrook all the majority he desires, and then ask, Would this majority of two to one have any right to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday ? I answer simply, No; and I challenge Dr. Westbrook to meet me on that point, the question of the right of the matter and not merely the wishes of the people. I met this question fairly and squarely before the congressional committee, and showed that government had no more right to enforce a holiday than a holy day. I am willing to throw out the whole ques-tion of religionŠalthough, practically, it cannot be thrown outŠbut let the issue be, not the enforcement of a religious day ,but of a holiday. I absolutely deny that government has any right to enforce a holiday. It has no right to command people not to workŠin other words, to enforce idlenessŠfor in order to enforce a holiday, the govern-ment must enforce idleness. It must say to all the people on this day, " You shall not work; if you work, we shall arrest you; if you work, we shall fine you; we shall put you in prison and in the chain-gang, and send you into exile." That is the logic of the whole matter, and there could be no greater tyranny in the universe than a law that shall say to the people, on fifty-two days of the year, " You shall not earn your bread, you shall not labor for your families, you shall sit in idleness. Though the corn grows, you shall not hoe it; though the grass waves, you shall not cut it; though the wind sweeps, you shall not set sail with merchandise; you can take rum and tobacco and go on a jamboree, but you shall not work; you are compelled by law to enjoy yourselves, but if you labor, then you commit a crime." All business and traffic must be stopped. Only excursion trains can run on Sundays. There may be picnics and church fairs, and kissing bees, . . . there may be all sorts of pleasure parties but no toil. No matter how much a man needs work, he must not do it. The State stands over him with a whip-lash, and says, " Now if you don't quit work and go to play I'll lick you." That is the position of Westbrook, and it is more nonsensical than the position of the Church itselfŠa position that grants everything that the Church desires; a po-sition that would make human society rot-ten to the core; a position as dark and terrible in its consequences as the logic of the Inquisition; a position that necessarily violates the conscience, the rights, the freedom, of every one in the land who vol-untarily keeps Saturday as a day of rest, compelling him to keep involuntarily another day at an expense of hundreds of dollars a year. Will Dr. Westbrook meet this question fairly ? Put the religious aspect entirely aside, ignore utterly the existence of the Church, take it as a matter of purely secu-lar legislation, and I will show that Dr. Westbrook is a tyrant, and that his so-called " secular Sunday," enforced by law, is at heart as cruel, unjust, and destruct-ive of all right as the "religious Sabbath." They have different names and different aspects, but at heart they are the same despotism. To say that the wishes of a majority are to be the source of all law is 