192 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 22, 1900. WE publish this week a communi-cation from Elder R. S. Owen, of Amory, Miss., relative to the pro-ceedings that have been instituted against him there on the charge of breaking Sunday. Mr. Owen and a member of his congregation, Mr. Nash, were tried last July on this same charge and were acquitted; yet now, although no new charge has been brought against them, they are again placed on trial, con-trary to the principles of justice and the general law of the land that the life, liberty, or property of any person shall not be twice placed in jeopardy for the same offense. We do not be-lieve this action is in any sense rep-resentative of thepeople of the State of Mississippi. No doubt the gen-eral sentiment in the matter is much more nearly represented by the pro-test published in connection with Mr. Owen's letter. The one thing it does fully represent is the Sunday law. Such extraordinary perver-sions of justice are never attempted in a good cause. IN a summary of "recent gains and losses" for Sunday observance, by Rev. W. F. Crafts, which was a feature of one of the issues of the Topeka Daily Capital, under the Rev. Mr. Sheldon's control, the writer says that.the "worst foes" of Sunday observance are "Christians who patronize Sunday trains, Sun-day newspapers, and Sunday mail," in which are included ministers as well as lay members of the church. Mr. Crafts remarks that "with such news coming in from the church, we cannot expect much from those who represent the state." Of course not; yet this same Mr. Crafts and many others who say the same thing are diligently working to  reform the state in order that Sun_ day desecration may, be stopped.  Why not begin on the "worst foes',  of Sunday first, and institute a re-form in the church that will eradi-cate the church's demand for Sun-day desecration? Why try in the name of religion to estop the state from giving to church people that for which they are all the time asking? THE question of the validity of Sunday contracts is to be passed upon by the Supreme Court of Mas-sachusetts, says a report from Bos-ton. The case is that of a young man who made a contract of mar-riage on Sunday evening, and now wishes to be absolved from fulfilling it. The matter was brought before a Boston judge, who ruled that a Sunday contract of this sort was valid and must be kept or consti-tute a basis for damages. As the general 'Jaw is that contracts made on Sunday are not valid, it may be interesting to discover why they are binding in the form of a promise to marry, and not binding in other matters. Boma branches of Congress have now decided that the Constitution does not apply to territory under the authority of the Government, outside the United States; or in other words, that such territoryŠPorto Rico, Hawaii, the Philippines, etc.Šhas a supreme and irresponsi-ble master in the Congress of the United States. In the United States, Congress is amenable to the Consti-tution; but as the Constitution by this decision does not apply to this other territory, yet American au-thority does apply to it, it is simply to be governed at any time as Con-gress at that time may see fit. And now unless the Supreme Court shall give a contrary decision in the mat-ter, the nation will stand fully com-mitted to the system of government without a constitution, either writ-ten or understood. This is simple  absolutism, and is a form of govern-ment in which every avenue is wide open to despotism. -It is despotism in form, and if history teaches any-thing we may be sure it will speedily result in a despotism in fact. Thus the Government now stands in the anomalous and untenable position of being half republic and half empire, half free and half des-potic, unless the Supreme Court shall reverse the judgment. Once before it occupied this position, and the result was a Civil War. That was necessary to preserve constitu-tional government; but it would seem that the majority of people to-day do not prize constitutional government as did their fathers of forty years ago. MAYOR VAN WYCK0i New York City has decided, by veto of a bill to re-lieve a Lutheran church from pay-ing assessments for public improve-ments, that churches in this city are not exempt from bearing their part of the financial burden which such improvements impose. "The bene-fit to the church from any public work for which an assessment has been levied," he says, "is a direct benefit, as much as if the increased valuation of its property came from the erection of new buildings or the adornment of buildings already erected on its real estate. Retaining the benefit, it should bear its just proportion of the burden." A BILL is to be introduced in the New Jersey legislature making it a misdemeanor to refuse medical aid to persons dangerously ill, or to prevent such persons from being at-tended by a physician. The bill is aimed at the "Christian Scientists," who will, if it becomes a law, be li-able to prosecution for taking charge of any case of dangerous sickness. Bound Volumes of the SENTI-NEL for 1899 are now ready for delivery. Prices as formerly. Cloth with leather back and corners, $2.50. Heavy manila paper, $1.50, postpaid. 