98 A.INTIHA ELI CA 1\:-  S1:111N rIP IN ITL-5. VOL. 10, No. 13. of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world ?. Have you thus a sure shelter from the terrible storm, and salvation from the-utteriruin, that hasteth greatly ? " For the day of the Lord cometh, for it is nigh at hand; " even the voice of the day of the Lord." " Behold, he conieth with clouds; and every eye shall see him." "Behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION AT GRAYSVILLE, TENNESSEE. THE eight convicted Adventists have now been in the Rhea County jail at Dayton since the afternoon of the 8th inst. Owing to the kindness of Sheriff Darwin, they are not con-fined in cells but occupy two rooms in the front of the jail on the second floor. These rooms are not clean, but they are light and are not offensively dirty. Each room con-tains two fairly comfortable double beds. The Adventists also have the freedom of the build-ing and the jail yard. One of their number is permitted to carry water for drinking from a spring some distance from the-jail, so that they are not compelled to use the water from the contaminated well in the jail yard. Their food is not hygienic but might be worse. They are allowed to receive visitors at their pleasure, and so, as jail life goes, they have much for which to be thankful. But while their imprisonment is not rigor-ous, it is imprisonment. They are deprived of their liberty. They suffer the indignity of being counted criminals, and enemies of the State. They are taken from their homes and families, and from their business which nec-essaritly suffers during their absence. Three of the families are left almost penniless. One of the prisoners, who has had but little work for months owing to the hard times, was compelled to leave his wife and seven chil-dren with food in the house for only a few days. Two other families, while not so large, are scarcely less needy. The husband and father is taken away, and so far as the State is concerned, the wife and children are left to beg or to starveŠand for what offense ? The sole offense of the Adventists was exer-cising their God-given right to labor six days for their daily bread, after having kept the Sabbath Ł according to the divine command. They interfered with no one. They harmed no one. They could in all good conscience say, in the language of the Apostle Paul: "We have wronged no man, we have cor-rupted no man, we have defrauded no man." They are guilty only of practical dissent from the religion of their neighbors; and it is for this that they are imprisoned in the State of Tennessee, in the United States of America in the closing decade of the nineteenth cen-tury! The closing of the Graysville Academy is a peculiarly sad feature of the persecution at this place. A more unselfish work is seldom undertaken than was the founding of this academy. As stated last week, Elder Colcord had put all his means into this school, not for the purpose of making money, but in order that he might do good to his fellow-men, that he might be enabled to fit the children of his brethren and of his neighbors for usefulness here and for happiness hereafter. But be-cause he permitted the inmates of the Stu-dents' Home to work on Sunday, to wash their clothes and to saw wood, and to do such other work as is usually done on Saturday by Sunday-keepers while attending school, he is ruthlessly taken from his family, from his home, from his labor of love for the young and for the cause and the God he loves, and  is shut up in prison as an enemy of society and of civil order! Nor are the imprisoned men the only suf- ferers; as already related, helpless families are left without means of support, and the stu-dents of the academy are deprived of the opportunity to pursue their studies. Many of these students have come here from a con-siderable distance at great expense; that they might enjoy the benefits to be derived from this excellent school. Whole families have practiced economy and denied themselves, that the young people might come to Graysville; and now in close times and at a season of the year when money is usually hard to get, the students are compelled to send to their par- ents for money to pay their fare home. Then, if the school reopens, there will be the expense of returning again, amounting in some cases to forty dollars for the round trip. It is thus that the State of Tennessee deals with Sev- enth-day Adventist boys and girls who are trying to get an education at Graysville Academy. Public opinion is divided here. The ma- jority and the best people deprecate the per-secution. The Dayton Leader, the Dayton Republican, and the Daily Times,Šall the papers published in Dayton,Šdenounce the prosecutions as religious persecution, and de-mand the repeal of the law. But evil men are plotting further persecution. They are spying upon the Adventists and demanding that additional indictments be found against them, and that they " be compelled either to cease their Saturday-keeping or leave the State." This is the very language in which some of their enemies put it. It is not the Sunday work that offends, but the Sabbath rest. Others work on Sunday and are not molested. The railroad trains thunder through the county and through the village and dis- turb no one; the furnaces of the Dayton Coal and Iron Company are operated on Sunday as on other days and nobody is offended. The temper and tone of the press of the county is shown by the following from the Daily Times of Sunday, March 10:Š The Adventists in Prison. The Times man visited the jail yesterday and found the Adventists quartered in the front portion of the jail upstairs, and not in the disreputable rear. They are allowed perfect liberty to come and go about the building. They all appear cheerful under their mis fortune and are bearing up well under their burden. It seems to us that it is really too bad that these people have to suffer when others actually deserving punishment go untouched by the law. The Times suggests some one circulate a petition setting forth the facts in the case, and praying their release, and forward the same to Gov. Peter Turney. We are certain that every person in Dayton would sign it. This is simply a sample of the utterances which have appeared in all of the Dayton papers. But it matters not what the papers say nor even what the people say so long as the present Sunday law is upon the statute books of Tennessee. Any bigot may set the machinery of the law in operation and better men be his victims. Ł -ft- Ł WOMAN'S NATIONAL SABBATH ALLIANCE. IN this city, February 7, " The Woman's National Sabbath Alliance " was organized. A part of the pledge of the alliance reads as follows:Š We . . . do hereby pledge ourselves to resist by precept and example whatever tends to undermine Sunday as a day of rest and worship: such as the Sunday secular newspapers, Sunday concerts, Sunday social entertainments, Sunday driving and traveling for personal gain or pleasure, and we further pledge ourselves to use our influence to create a right senti-ment on all aspects of the Sunday question, especially in reference to traffic of every kind on that day. When We read this pledge of the new or-ganization, we remarked in the SENTINEL that while the ladies were in error as regards the Biblical day of rest, yet they were violating no principles of religious liberty in endeavor-ing " by precept and example to influence people to their way of thinking and acting. But since one error logically leads to another, we made the following prediction: "We shall confidently expect to see, erelong, this so-called ' Sabbath Alliance' going the way of the American Sabbath Union in this matter; namely, appealing to the civil law." We were correct in our prediction, for the very first document issued after the Alliance was organized was entitled, " Address to the Women of America," and contained among other things the following.:Š We therefore call upon the women of our beloved and favored landŠthe land toward which the eyes of all nations, turn,--to foster by every influence in their power. First, a higher appreciation of civil laws, wisely administered, designed to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship. It is also announced in this same address that the headquarters of the Alliance is in the room of the president of the American Sab-bath Union, and that its committee will " direct the affairs of the Alliance in cooper-ation with the American Sabbath Union." More than this: upon investigation we learn that the Alliance was, organized through the efforts of the president of the American Sab-bath Union. The second meeting of the Alliance was held March 11, on which occasion it was an-nounced that " among those indorsing this movement are Mrs. Fuller, wife of Chief Justice Fuller,Washington, D. C.; Mrs. Shiras, wife f Associate Justice Shiras," etc., etc. Thus it would appear that this Alliance has secured the indorsement of the wives of two of our Supreme Court judges in their effort to " foster by every influence in their power a higher appreciation of civil laws wisely administered, designed to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and wor-ship." If this be true, there will be no one to act the part of Pilate's wife when these judges shall be called upon to act the part of Pilate in condemning as malefactors innocent Sev-enth-day Adventists who follow in the steps of their Master in observing the Sabbath of which he declared himself to be the Lord, and performing inoffensive labor on Sunday. Ł Ł PAPAL CONFIDENCE. THERE is an effort on foot to have the National Government establish a national university at Washington. The Western , Watchman (Roman Catholic), of March 14, speaks thus of the project:Š A mighty effort is being made to induce the Gov-ernment to establish a national university. The Gov-ernment will never do it. The only national univer-sity Washington will ever know is the one recently founded in that city by Leo XIII. It is thus confidently that papists speak of their power in national affairs. So confident are they of their capture of the American Republic that they already speak of their university as the " only national university." RIGHT FOR ONCE. THE Christian Statesman has finally struck a note that chords with truth. We hasten to publish it:Š The London- Christian, speaking of vagrancy in England, says that in Somerset it has increased within two years from 29,000 to 46,000 cases. The chief constable says he sees no signs of criminality; the 