AUGUST 2, 1894. CAN SEIVIPIN'M_A. 243 extant preachers in the boards of education, the Prot-estant edition of the Bible is read in many of them, Protestant histories are taught in them, Protestant hymns are sung and the Protestant version of the Lord's Prayer is recited in some of them. 'These are facts. The public schools in many places are, as the Rev. Mr. Buffum says, Protestant schools. We will not object to that if, as an offset, we have public Catholic schools. Be just. Give us what you have. No inequality should be tolerated. No union of the State with the Protestant Church any more than with the Catholic Church, should be allowed. Let us have similar rights, similar privileges, similar dutiesŠjus-tice all around. What can " Protestants " of the Buffum school answer to this papal challenge? If our public schools are indeed Protestant, does not justice demand that they be made at once purely secular, or else that there be established also Catholic, Jewish and Agnostic public schools ? To ask such a question is to answer it : our public schools should be secular and nothing else. Whither Are We Drifting? [This article from the Christian Statesman, of July 14, is significant, for it shows something of the course the National Reformers will pursue in their agitation: every calamity, and all perplexities and difficulties will be by them represented as evidences of God's displeas-ure because Sunday is disregarded. A recognition of Christ as King, and of the Sunday as the Christian Sabbath, will be set forth as the only possible salvation for the country. The wickedness and presumption of this can be plainly realized only by those who know that Stinday, instead of being the Sabbath, is a rival of the Sabbath, the badge of the man of sin, the mys-tery of iniquity. But hear the Statesman, it says :Š] ONE year ago our country was in the first stage of a great commercial and in-dustrial depression. The activities of = business were beginning to yield to the tightening cords of financial stringency. Money was scarce. Banks were becoming distrustful and cautious. Accommoda-tions were given, even on best securities, with reluctance, and in small measures. A wave of distrust was sweeping over the land and paralyzing its industries. The financial stringency passed, but the de-pression continued and increased. The tariff-tinkering scare came in on the heels of the departing financial difficulty, and the slowly moving wheels of business and 'enterprise began to move still more slowly and gradually to cease entirely. And be-fore the autumn, with its harvests still in the garners without a market, had given place to the rigors of winter, the business activities of the country had virtually ceased. Nearly every wheel, hammer, and loom were at rest. The tide of business had frozen in its channels. During the long weary months of the winter and spring hundreds of thousands of workmen were left without work, and Ł with their families were cast upon the charities of the communities. And while the industrial and commercial condition has at length in some measure improved, still the business life of the country is at a low ebb, and its pulse is beating feebly. There has as yet been no return to the conditions of two or three years ago. And but little ground to hope for an early resumption of former' business activities yet appears., The outlook, even in a ma-terial point of view, is not assuring. In its moral aspects, the situation is still less encouraging. The evils which have been threatening the welfare, and the very life of the nation for many years past, have not abated, during the period of our na-tional distress, but have rather increased. The hard times have not brought repent-ance to the people. The national chastise- ment has not worked the peaceable fruits of righteousness. The conditions of distress and trouble  which ought to have humbled the nation, and brought it to penitence and reforma-tion, have simply aggravated the existing evils and furnished the occasion and opportunity for a more formidable display of their power and malignity. The hosts of unemployed workmen, loosened from all the restraints of daily toil, have been left to drift in the current of their own tastes and appetites. They have been permitted to act out to the full the prin-ciples of life which they have accepted. And while there are multitudes of them who have acquitted themselves nobly, in this exigency of their lives, there are others, and the number is far greater than we were wont to think, who have exhib-ited a spirit of unrest, of lawlessness, of hatred to all that is good, of disregard for the rights and even the lives of their fellow-men which bodes no good to the country. The spectacle of armed bodies of workmen, in sullen and angry conclave, or surrounding the mills and factories, preventing by force their fellow-workmen from engaging in labor, mobbing and maltreating any who dare to disobey their lawless mandates, and this, too, in the very midst of our most populous, enter-prising, and prosperous communities, is certainly a very alarming one. The utter disregard for life and property, and the bold defiance of civil authority, both State and national, the wild disorders, and the wholesale destructions, which are at this very moment making the skies of Chicago, and other cities, lurid with the flames of the incendiary, and are holding large portions of the country under a reign of terror, constitute a state of things which no intelligent patriot can contemplate with complacency. And the worst feature of the situation lies in the fact, that while this lawlessness, and these disorders are utterly without excuse, they are the natural and inevit-able outcome of the spirit of godlessness and lawlessness, which has for many years prevailed in the high places of the land. When our national Government, in its tremendous mail service, with its hundreds of thousands of employ4s, tramples under foot the laws of almost every State in the Union every Sabbath in the year, pursu-ing its purely secular business, which neither necessity nor mercy requires, in the very face of the State laws which for-bid it, and in violation of God's moral law, teaching men that when divine and civil law stands in the way of its supposed interests, they may be disregarded, is it any wonder that laboring men, when they think their rights are interfered with, and that there is no other way to secure them than by disregarding the claims of law, accept the teachings of the Government and follow its example in this matter ? And when our great railway corporations not only do the same, but in every possi-ble way, by cheap Sabbath excursions, etc., not only deliberately break the Sab-bath themselves for gain, but require their servants to do the same, and present every possible inducement to the thoughtless and godless to join them in their evil-doing, is it strange that they,  find at length that they have been successful in their teachings, and have eliminated from their workmen all sense of moral obligation ? And when the public press, the great teacher of the communities, is itself the chief law-breaker, openly, willfully, and without any excuse, except that of the gain there is in it, prosecute their secular business on the Lord's day, and defiantly  trample the civil and divine law under its feet, is it not a natural and legitimate sequence of its teachings and example, that it is now supplying the communities with a daily recital of lawlessness, vice, and crime ? The truth is, these terrible riots, and outbursts of lawlessness, are no worse in principle, in fact, and in their results than are those lawless practices of our national Government, our railroads, and the Sun-day newspapers. And herein lies the terrible danger that threatens the land. If this lawlessness were confined to the aggrieved workmen, it could soon be abated. A few regiments of State or national infantry would soon put a stop to it. But the root of the evil lies not with them. It is where the soldiery are not permitted to disturb it. And rooted where it is, it is sending forth its baneful shoots, charged with a strong vitality, into all the elements of our national life. And it is growing. It meets with less and less resistance year by year. The communi-ties become accustomed to its presence, tolerate it at first, then accept, then follow the example. And as we look out upon the present situation, with lawlessness and godlessness in the ascendancy, and look back along the way by which they have reached their present supremacy, we may well inquire, Whither are we drifting ?" Senator Gallinger's Plea for the Sepa-ration of Church and State. THE Indian appropriation bill occupied the attention of the Senate July 18. It was considered for five hours and then went over without final action. It appro-priates about $9,500,000 an increase over the amount appropriated last year of $1,500,000. The bill gave rise to no discussion ex-cept when the paragraph appropriating $1,000,000 for the Indian schoOls was reached. Mr. Quay ,thenpresented a large number of papers, printed in uniform style and language, numerously signed by citi-zens of various counties in Pennsylvania, and headed, " A petition concerning ap-propriations for Indian education at sec-tarian schools." The paper protests "against the viola-tion of the American principle of separa-tion of Church and. State" involved in the pending bill. He said that the petitions came from the Patriotic Sons of America, and he moved that the further considera-tion of the bill be postponed for two weeks, so that the patriotic orders of the country might be heard from. The motion was rejected, and the consideration of the bill was proceeded with. Mr. Gallinger, of New Hampshire, re-ferred to what he called the remarkable fact that within the last eight years the Catholic Church received $2,366,000 for the education of Indian children, while fifteen other churches had received only a little more than half of that amount. It was not to be wondered at, therefore, he said, that the other churches had come to the conclusion that it was time to come back to the principle that Church and State ought to be divorced. Mr. Call on behalf of himself and of the committee, concurred in the propriety of a separation between Church and State; but explained that as the matter had come down to the present administration the committee had no discretion in the matter, unless it recommended the entire discon- 