100 ANI1a4.11-LICA-IV SJETVPIEMEI..t. VoL. 10, No. 13. the attention of the chairman to the fact that the hour of adjournment had already passed, and thereupon the chairman ruled that the body was no longer in session: It is this sort of thing that brings reproach upon Christianity. Later Dr. Wayland introduced a similar resolution in the Philadelphia Baptist Monday Conference, with the result that it passed that body. Against this noble stand of the Examiner and Dr. Wayland, a number of Baptist papers have protested, among them the Nashville Baptist, the Alabama Baptist, the Canadian Baptist, and Messenger and Visitor (St. John, N. B.). We wonder that any Baptist could defend or excuse these perse-cutions. Our readers who know the history of the struggle of Baptists for " soul liberty,"  and how sacredly they have held the rights of conscience, and how often they have refused to obey human law when that law conflicted with conscience, and have meekly taken the consequent flogging, imprisonment, banish - m.ent, and even death, will be interested to know how these Baptists defend what the Examiner calls a gross, wicked, infamous violation of religious liberty. Here is a sample from the Central Baptist (St. Louis), which appeared in its issue of February 7. The heading of the article is, " Philadelphia Letter," and the writer is G. J. Burchett:Š " Religious Liberty." This was the live topic which came before the con-ference on Monday. Dr. H. L. Wayland introduced the subject by the following resolution " Resolved, That we request the Pennsylvania legis-lature to enact such a law as shall prevent the viola-tion of religious liberty in the person of citizens who, having conscientiously observed Saturday as a day of rest and worship, engage on the first day of the week in quiet labor not interfering with the worship of their fellow-citizens." On. the face of it, this resolution is very taking with Baptitts. In connection with this we feel that we have a glorious record, and we can afford to grow eloquent on this topic. The world owes us a great debt for the battles we waged and the victories we gained. We were the advocates of this when we stood alone. We are not alone now; others have joined us; 'we have plenty of religious liberty, such an abundance that the dangers seem to be that one may do most as he wills if only he pleads the rights of conscience in religious matters. The world has heard of our liberty and. has come to spy it out. True, they have brought along some uncomfortable weapons; and Mormondom has sprung up among us, and means to share our lib-erties. The discussion of this topic brought out the fact that there are persons known as " Adventists " who defy the Sunday laws of many of our commonwealths and make special efforts to get themselves arrested and then cry, " religious persecution." Probably this is not confined to Adventists. It is plain to be seen that the question of religious liberty is not before us now as once it was; and the Lord is surely raising up some prophet who shall call upon us to remember that before conscience is law. And probably our next great conflict will arise out of this very question as to whether the laws of the land shall be obeyed, or every one 'shall do as he pleaseth, " for there was no king in Israel." As we read this we seem to hear not a de-scendant of Roger Williams or Elder Holmes, but the voice of Cotton Mather as he defends the persecution of Baptists. A favorite argu-ment is to charge that the persecuted court persecution. This was the charge made by Mather against the Baptists. 'Oh, no, " the question of religious liberty is not before us now as once it was." It was quite different then. Then we were persecuted; now we are the persecutors. While we are loth to say it, it is nevertheless the fact that the Baptists of the South' are the leaders in this persecution of seventh-day observers. The infidel smiles in contempt at the acrobatic agility with which the persecuted Baptist turns into a persecuting Baptist, and as-  he turns from this Christ-dishonoring performance, he remarks: " I told you so; he howls vociferously about per-secution, but give him the power and he will treat his dissenting brother to the same." Yes, there has arisen a prophet in these days among Protestants, and he is having a strong following from Baptists, and his mes-sage is " that before conscience is law." But he is not from the Lord, for the Lord says through the Apostle Peter, when human law conflicts with conscience, "we ought to obey God rather than men." However, the Lord speaks of this prophet in Rev. 19: 20, but he calls him a " false prophet." In the 13th chapter the same power is brought to view under the term, " Image of the beast," and lie here preaches " that before conscience is law ; " and those who refuse to accept this papal doctrine are threatened with death. And that which it is attempted to enforce is the " mark of the beast," or the mark of the papacy. And this is just what those backsliding Baptists are attempting to enforce on Seventh-day Ad-ventists; they are attempting to enforce the papal Sabbath,ŠSunday,---which has no foun-dation in the Scriptures, but which the papacy points to as the sign or mark of its power. Seventh-day Adventists, like Baptists of old, refuse to accept the false doctrine that " before conscience is law," and like them prefer to suffer persecution. Not only do they refuse to accept this doc-trine of the false prophet, but they are sound-ing the warning of God against this " false prophet " as found in Rev. 14: 8-12. To faithfully give this warning will cost everything, even life itself; but thank the Lord, there is victory at the end. " And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshiped, his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone." Rev. 19: 19, 20. " And I saw as it were a sea of glass min-gled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God. And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvelous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints." Rev. 15: 2, 3. "IS THE SABBATH SUNDAY ? " THIS is the question that was asked by the vicar of St. Michael's, Folkestone, in a ser-mon preached at that place on Sunday, Feb-ruary 3, and which is printed in a local paper. No doubt our readers will be. interested in hearing how a churchman answers the ques-tion. Here is the question and answer:Š Is the Sabbath Sunday ? If a speaker gets up and says it is, attach no weight to his remarks, for either willfully from prejudice, or else unintentionally from lack of education, he is ignorant of the subject upon which he is so ready to speak. Let us first of all think of the Sabbath. It was of divine institution, which, so far as we know, cannot certainly be said of the Sunday. If we refer to the second chapter of Genesis, we shall find there the ac-count of the institution of the Sabbath day. " On the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Now you see that the seventh day of the week was to be specially set apart as a day commemorative of rest Šof God resting from his work of creation, and we find him bestowing a special blessing upon the seventh day. Referring then to the man who desires to  see Sunday strictly observed as a rest day, whom he erroneously called a " Sabbatarian," the speaker added:Š And the Sabbatarian gets up and says, in a trium-phant tone as if the whole question was settled at once, " That's what we claim for the Sabbath day nowŠrest." Pardon me, sir, you do nothing of the sort. You break the Sabbath day every week of your life. God did not rest from his work on the first day of the week, which is our Sunday, but on the seventh day of the week, which is our Saturday. But this is not all. Later on in the same discourse the clergyman proceeded to empha-size the case still more strongly, thus:Š I see there is a public announcement in the papers that our great and venerable late prime minister has written an article on "The Lord's Day," which is to appear in the March number of a magazine. But this much I may prophesyŠthat with all his great genius, and all his deep and reverent knowledge of the Holy Scriptures, 'he will not be able to quote a single passage in the New Testament which states that the Christian Sunday is a substitution for the Jewish Sabbath. And yet people wonder that anybody keeps the seventh day! The real cause for wonder is that any professed follower of the Lord Jesus Christ should keep Sunday. The whole Sabbath question centers round one point, namely, whether or not the Bible is the per-fect and only guide for Christians. If it is, then the seventh day, and that only, must be kept as the Ł Sabbath by Christians. The fourth commandment is the test as to whether men will heed the Word of God, or whether they will reject it for the traditions of men.ŠPresent Truth, London. RELIEF SHOULD BE AFFORDED. THE prosecution of the Adventists in this county has raised a question in the minds of many as to the proper course to pursue to afford relief to this people. That they have been r benefit to- the county in material progress is beyond question. Property at Graysville hat been much enhanced in value by the improve ments which they have made there, and tc drive them from the county would be not only an injustice to an inoffensive people, but would be a serious mistake from a business stand-point. It has been suggested that the legislature be asked to afford some relief. To this it is objected that two years ago the Adventists protested against the enactment of an exemp-tion clause. It is true that such a protest was presented, but it was not by residents of this State. Moreover, it was not done in a spirit of bravado or for the purpose of defying the State of Tennessee, but simply from loy-alty to a principle. The Adventists were mentioned by name in the bill in question, and they say that they cannot consistently ask for an exemption clause because that would be to grant the right of the State to legislate upon a religious question; and that they would thereby be asking for a law which would affirmatively compel believers in Sun-day to observe that day, and that would neg-atively require all others to observe the seventh day; because under such a law one who would not keep Sunday would be compelled to keep Saturday, or else be liable to prosecution. A parallel to the position of the Advent-ist upon this question is found in the attitude of the Quakers and Mennonites in Virginia in 1785. A bill was before the legislature of that colony, providing for the taxation of all property for the support of teachers of the Christian religion, each tax-payer to decide what denomination should receive the benefit of the tax paid by. him. The Quakers and Mennonites were exempted, and concerning -them James Madison said: "As the bill vio-lates equality by subjecting some to peculiar 