352 CA 1N-  SIYIN°.11 KINT1hALA. VoL. 8, No. 44. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 9, 1893. M' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. " WILL Jesus yoke up with the police court to fit men for heaven ? Are police-men laborers together with God ? Shall human prejudice and weakness sit in j udg-ment upon men's religious principles ? Preposterous ! Let us relegate such ideas to those dark and bloody ages where they have their dreary habitation." THERE were five. Sundays in the last month of the World's Fair; and the at-tendance upon those days was as follows, 48,575; 88,050; 82,276; 138,011; 146,821. Out of the twenty-six Sundays of the World's Fair period, the Fair has been closed during four. In the six different phases in which the matter has been brought before the courts, in only one in-stance was the right of Congress to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday upheld, and the decision to that effect was immediately reversed as to its every de-tail by a higher court. And yet those who sought the Sunday closing of the World's Fair by Congress, and by the courts, are claiming a great victory. The fact is, it has been as complete a Wat-erloo, so far as legal enforcement is con-cerned, as any cause ever suffered. In the line wherein they sought success there has been ignominious defeat. But it has been a great success where they do not care to publicly acknowledge and boast of it. Their agitation has aroused the here-tofore dormant bigotry and fanaticism of hundreds of thousands, and intimidated many more by the power for financial harm which they have shown themselves able and willing to exercise. This is the victory which has been achieved ; one not to be proud of, certainly; but a victory. THE Independent, of October 26, pub-lishes an article by Lady Henry Somerset, with the title " What is it to be a Chris-tian ?" In this article Lady Somerset, in speaking of Christ's ministry, says, " it was as a peripatetic preacher an ac-knowledged fanatic, and a social anarchist that Jesus was regarded by the cultivated and educated of his day," whose preach-ing was of idle superstitions which would die as had others before. Among the cul-tivated' and refined, wealthy, powerful and worldly wise his words were strange tales unworthy of credence. To-day, however, to be a member of the church means the opposite of all that Christ met with, home, love and honor, added reputation and business opportunities, a luxurious pew  and a noble eulogy with which to depart in the odor of sanctity. " Church mem-bership is now too often considered an excellent insurance, providing a lease of comfort and consolation in this world, and the freehold of eternal happiness here-after." So Lady Somerset sees that there is an inconsistency here, but does she, and do others, see the parallel too ? Is there not precisely the same pharisaical class in the nineteenth century that there was in the first ? Is not this class laboring under the same deceptions, guilty of the same sins, and covering itself with the same cloak of religious profession ? Are not those who constitute the popular church of to-day taking the same course as did the popular church in Christ's time ? When he comes again will they be any more ready to receive him ? SOMETIME ago a Cleveland paper re-ported Wilbur F. Crafts, when organizing a Sunday League in that city, as saying : Since Elliott F. Shepard died the cause has greatly lacked for financial aid, but we are going to organize a " third House " in Washington that will bring the right sort of pressure to bear on Congress. This harmonizes remarkably well with the different utterances in the article, on another page, entitled, " To Press the Matter in Congress." It has been evident for a considerable time that the promoters of religious law have been planning to bring, if possible, still greater influences to bear to attain their ends than ever before. Their experience with Congress in the World's Fair Sunday-closing ques-tion taught them, as they have not hesi-tated to say, that they could control con-gressmen and intimidate them by political means into obedience to their require-ments. This, then, is the first result of their councils made public,Šthe establish-ment of a " third House," at Washington, similar, of course, to that which the Roman Catholics have had in successful operation there for several years. So, however successful this may prove to be, it can only be an imitation of that which the Romanists have done before them. No doubt, too, as the specialty of this " third House " will be to seek the national enforcement of a Catholic institution,ŠSunday,Šit will receive a cordial welcome and hearty proffer of assistance from the already established Roman Catholic lobby. THE Minneapolis Journal thinks that " if no more serious disaster were possible to this country than the increased pros-perity of the Catholic Church, we would be fortunate indeed." If the. Romish Church were prospering only as a church, it would be small concern to the, country, but it is as a political factor that the Catholic Church is developing most rap-idly, hence its power for evil. " The 'men who fear Catholicism," says the Journal, " are those who are living in the text books of the schools1  and who are i filled with the same spirit which they imagine regulates the conduct of the Romish priests." The Journal is mis-taken; the men who fear Catholicism are the men who live in the present, and who are observing the signs of the times as they are seen at present. Only the crim-inally indifferent can fail to be alarmed at the rapid progress of papal principles not only in the United States but in the world to-day. THERE is a movement on foot to give the pupils of the different high schools throughout the country a military drill and organization similar to that which is in vogue in the public schools of Wash- ington, D. C., and some colleges, under an instructor detailed from the regular army. The Woman's Voice, of Boston, deprecates this as distracting the minds of the students from their studies, but says :Š We agree most fully with those who believe a trained army should be in readiness to ward off the attacks of the Romanists who are drilling and pre-paring to take possession of the United States Gov-ernment at no distant day. . . . Doubtless these boys will be called on in the near future to defend, the public schools, perhaps by force of arms. Ł . So this is the purpose of all this organ-izing, is it ? Are the promoters of the military organization of the Sunday school pupils and children of the churches look-ing forward to such exigencies as these also ? It is time that the attention of the Peace Society was called to this matter. But, indeed, it is time that those who are promoting all this military organization in public schools, and Sunday school and church, and the dozen and one Protestant and Catholic societies, should be asked, and should ask themselves, what it is they mean, and what master they serve ? whether it is the God of peace or the god of war ! THERE has been a very large call for those numbers of the SENTINEL, contain-ing a reprint of articles from the Catholic Mirror,ŠCardinal Gibbons' organ,Šon the " Christian Sabbath," and entitled in fullŠ" The Christian Sabbath the Genu-ine Offspring of the Union of the Holy Spirit and the Catholic Church His Spouse. The Claims of Protestantism to any Part Therein Proved to be Groundless, Self-contradictory and Suicidal." A consider-ation of this title, together with a realiza-tion of the source from which the articles emanate, will lead any one to appreciate the fact that this direct presentation from the Roman Catholic Church is of vital interest to, and should be in the hands of, every Protestant. This office can furnish an unlimited number of the papers con-taining these articles. The series of four numbers, 37, 38, 39 and 40, containing tjae articles complete, will be furnished for four cents. You will need not only these copies for yourself, for preservation and use, but you should also have a quan-tity for distribution. Send in your orders without delay. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies t,? one address, per 'ear, - - 90c 44 25 to 99 " ' - - - 80c 14 100 to 249 " " " " f i 'Ł 75c ti 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c " 500 to 999 " " " " it - - 65c '" 1000 or more " " " "- 600 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 