70 AMERICAN SENTINEL. such authority. He established the Christian Sabbath, and it was the seventh day of the week. For the sake of religious liberty, of justice, and of true reform, the Sabbath question should be removed from the field of politics and civil law, and left where the law of God and the example of Christ left it: to the Bible and Christian conscience. A great and grave issue con-fronts the Protestants of the United States in the mat-ter of Sabbath reform. That issue involves the perma-nency of public worship, of religious culture, and of con-science toward the Word of God. Final disaster may be delayed, but it cannot be evaded. Hence this plea. Militarism Menacing the American Government. AS SEEN BY A FRENCH REPUBLICAN AND AUTHOR, URBAIN GORIER. From "The Independent." THE emotions caused by the success of the war with Spain have kindled a certain warlike fever in the great American Republic; the fetes which were a short while ago inaugurated in honor of a glorious Admiral raised this enthusiasm to a still higher point. It Is thus all the more necessary that the free citizens of the United States should not lose sight of the reality which lies in the perils of a military crisis. Assuredly it is not the business of a foreigner to urge his advice at such a moment. And yet it may well be permitted to a French-man to recall that his forefathers sustained the first steps made by the other side of the Atlantic in its struggles for liberty; it may also well be granted that a Frenchman who sees liberty so comproniised in his own country should hope that it will remain intact in the New World. The trials which France is undergoing to-day and the evils which threaten her, because she is sacrificing herself to the militarist idol, may serve the cause of political liberty in America as much as the material succor long ago rendered by the companions of Lafayette. Imperialism is intoxicating at present a large part of the two great English-speaking nations. Imperialism cannot be conceived of without militarism, which is its instrument. Even the most liberal of the citizens of the United States know the terrible consequences of militar-ism only by an effort of intuition and reason, since their country so far has had the good fortune to be saved from it. Let them open their eyes and let them consider what is taking place in France: they will tremble. They will see what militarism has made of a nation formerly famous in the world for its,  spirit of justice, humanity and fraternity. The Anglo-Saxons, at this end of the nineteenth century, seem to offer, in the midst of other races, the true type of man in the highest degree of energy, activity and courage. I have often asked myself whether this were the case because they had escaped  militarism, or whether they had always turned their backs on militarism because they were such men. What-ever be the answer, it is certain that the Anglo Saxon would lose all that makes his strength and originality if, like Continental Europeans, he allowed himself to be degraded and debased by the military scourge. France was, in the world's opinion, the country of the declaration of the rights of the man and citizen; she had carried to their conclusion all the generous principles put forward by Benjamin Franklin, John Adams and Jefferson in the preamble of your own Declaration of Independence. She was to remain the apostle of human progress. Yet see her after a hundred years torn asunder by plots and seditious, borne down by prodigious bur-dens, dismembered of two fair provinces, threatened by civil war, powerless without, buried in fanaticism and barbarityŠwhy? Because she is the prey of militarism. The militarist idea was plented in France by the long wars of the First Empire. A brigand of genius, at the head of our armies, killed four million men, pillaged, burnt, sacked Europe from one end to the other, while at the same time he was reducing the French people to the basest servitude. To fool the world, and also to delude herself, France-  gave the name of Glory to the crimes of Napoleon. She was stunned with this sham glory, and with it she poisoned the soul of generations, giving a subordinate place to the studies and the arts which had formerly gained for her her finest prestige, valuing henceforth only the triumphs of arms. In seek-ing these triumphs she met the awful disasters of 1870. And by a funeral chance the very catastrophe which should have forever disgusted her with the military folly made her more blindly and puerilely the adorer of the soldier, of the uniform, of the barracks and of all of the farce and paraphernalia of war. France transformed herself into a vast camp, burdened herself with huge taxes, spent 30,000,000,000 franks in a quarter of a century, in order to parade a few hundred thousand men up and down the Continent of Europe, drove herself to economic ruin, to intellectual decay, to moral feeble-ness and to political anarchy. Examine the facts still closer. What has happened in France shows you what would be fatally sure to happen in any other great republic deluded into the same errors. To begin with the effects of militarism from the soldier's standpoint. Since the soldiers in a vast army make up a large part or even the whole of the youth of a country, the effects of militarism on them are reflected on the whole nation. Thus it is that militarism makes such ravages in the social, intellectual, economic and moral orders. Formerly the French soldierserved seven years: since the establishment of a universal obligatory service he has served five years, then three. The sons of the rich class, through different pretexts, more or less worthy, manage to leave the barracks at the end of a 