AMERICAN SENTINEL. 567 earnest conversation ensued, of which the professor says:Š "It was not long before I discovered a sad and per-plexed tone in his conversation, and, though he assured me that nothing but a deep conviction of the truth of Christ's teaching had induced him to change his religion, he told me he was in great anxiety and did not know what to do for the future. What he had seen of England, more particularly of London, was not what he had imagined a Christian country to be. His patron, Dhulip Singh, had placed him at some kind of missionary semin-ary in London, where be found himself, together with a number of what he considered half-educated and narrow-minded young men, candidates for ordination, and mis-sionary work. They showed him no sympathy and love, but found fault with everything he did and said. "He had been, as I soon found out, a careful student of Hindu philosophy, and his mind had passed through a strict philosophical discipline. Hindu philosophy is in many respects as good a discipline as Plato or Aris-totle, and, Christian though he was, he was familiar with the boldest conceptions of the world as found in the six systems of Hindu philosophy, and he could argue with great subtlety and accuracy on any of the old problems of the human mind. The fact was, he stood too high for his companions, and they were evidently unable to understand and appreciate his thoughts. He did not use words at random, and was always ready to give a definition of them, whenever they seemed ambig-uous. And yet this man was treated as a kind of nigger by those who ought to have been not only kind, but respectful to him. He was told that smoking was a sin, and that he never could be a true Christian if he ab-stained from eating meat, especially beef. He told me that with a great effort he had brought himself once to swallow a sandwich containing a slice of meat, but it was to him what eating human flesh would be to us. He could not do it again. "When he thus found himself in this thoroughly uncongenial society, and saw nothing in London of what he had supposed a Christian city to be, he ran away, and came to Oxford to find me, having heard of my interest in India, in its religion and its ancient literature. He had evidently dreamt of a Christian country where ev-erybody loved his neighbor as himself; where everybody, if struck on the right cheek, would turn the other also; where everybody, then robbed of his coat, would give up his cloak also. All this, as we know, is no longer the fashion in the streets of London, and what he actually saw in those streets was so different from his ideals that he said to me: 'If what I have seen in London is Chris-tianity, I want to go back to India; if that is Christian-ity, I am not a Christian."' The Hindu convert had made the mistake of sup. posing that since Christianity was the professed religion in London, the city was a Christian city, just as it is taken for granted by many not of Hindu blood and edu-cation, that a nation where Christianity is the professed religion of the people, must be a Christian nation. His mind had notgrasped thefact that profession, as regards Christianity, might be no evidence at all of possession; and that the many possessed but a counterfeit of Chris-tianity, no more like the genuine than is a corpse like a  living person. It was perhaps not strange that he should have entertained this false conception, having been educated in the formal systems of heathenism, where profession has always its face value; but such a mistake isiwithout excuse in those who have grown up amidst Christian privileges. The result was fatal to the new life that had been awakened in his soul, and the professor records that after holding his:profession for a time in much perplexity and almost in despair, he sought refuge at last in the old religion which he had renounced. It is a sad illus-tration of a, false conception of Christianity and its effect upon the mind by which it is entertained. * 41 THE most poisonous thing in the world, is sin; the most poisonous serpent is that by which Adam and Eve were bitten, in Eden. * - 1.- "Christian" Warfare in the Soudan. "New York Journal." ACCORDING to London dispatches, "there were na wounded Mandists left after the battle of Omdurman, Cruel and bloodthirsty as it may seem, the wounded, almost without exception, were massacred by the British and Egyptian soldiers." Since Gordon's death, it is stated, "this has been the'custom." Thus is Christian civilization introduced and com-mended to the benighted heathen of the Soudan. Naturally, the massacring being done by Englishmen, it is done from wise and benevolent motives. But when the Japanese soldiers, infuriated by seeing the mutilated corpscs of tortured comrades, fell upon their Chinese prisoners at Port Arthur and wreaked vengeance, the whole Christian world, including England, held up its white hands in horror and cried that these Orientals, in spite of their veneer of Western manners, were still ruth-less barbarians. And when the Journal made it known that the Cu-bans had put to death four Spanish guerillasŠthe prac-tice of such guerillas being to fire on the wounded as the latter were being borne to the hospitalsŠthe chorus of denunciation of the Cubans as sanguinary savages rose to the international skies. In the case of the Soudanese, however, it is explained that "a wounded fanatic is more dangerous almost than a well one." Therefore it is expedient to put wounded fanatics out of the way. And we do not need to be told at this late day that whatever Englishmen find it expedient to do in war or peace becomes, by the fact, pleasing in the sight of heaven. The English are singularly like ourselves, and other people. THE law of the land cannot be the educator of con-science. That is the office of the Spirit and Word of God. 