100 A.1%1E1E11.'11 C A.N SIONTEINIMIA VoL. 11, No. 13. would give everybody the same opportunity that the Sunday worshipper now enjoyed, and he thought that was an equitable propo-sition. " When asked whether he thought saloons should be permitted to do business on Sun-days, he said if the State thought the saloons were a good thing six days a week, then they were certainly good things for the seventh day; but if saloons were not good, then they should be abolished altogether." The Globe thinks that the gentlemen who proposed the amendment had in view only " the latter part, which refers to the use, of State funds for sectarian purposes, but in order to give the thing an air of freedom,' the first lines were inserted as a sort of mean-ingless 'glittering generality,' a sort of feather from the eagle, to make it soar. But it is this part of the amendment that will make trouble for the law, as it is a direct blow at the Sunday holiday as at present observed." BEHIND PRISON PRISON BARS FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE.,  MARCH 13, Tennessee imprisoned another man for conscience' sake. This victim of an unjust "law" is J. W. Lewis, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Lake County, Tenn. The place of his imprison-ment is Tiptonville. He was indicted on the technical charge of "nuisance," the gist of his offense being "sec-ular labor on Sunday." The trial was before His Honor, Judge Swiggert, who has had quite a large experi-ence in such cases. That the judge did not regard the offense as a serious one is evident from the fact that he imposed only a nominal fineŠone dollar; but the costs were heavy, amounting to $60.46, making a total, fine and costs, of $61.46. Under the law of Tennessee, fifteen dollars of this cannot be satisfied by imprisonment; so that in this case the imprisonment, at twenty-five cents per day, will be for one hun-dred and eighty-six days. As usual in such cases, the work for which Mr. Lewis is thus imprisoned, was ordinary private work, of such a nature as not to at-tract undue attention; and the evidence showed plainly that nobody was disturbed or annoyed by it, except as some may have suf-fered that sort of mental annoyance due to an unwillingness that others should enjoy equal rights and privileges with themselves. The animus of the prosecution was plainly shown in the speech of the prosecuting attor-ney to the jury. The attorney who, by the way, bears the same name as the defendant in this case, addressed the jury substantially as follows:Š bur sabbath is the very foundation of our moral government. One man's conscience may lead him to keep one day, another man's conscience may lead him to keep another day, and so on until we have no sab-bath. Gentlemen of the jury, we cannot let things go on in this way. These Adventists are like the Mormons. One man's conscience may require him to have twenty wives, an-other man's conscience may require him to take every good woman in the community. Gentlemen of the jury, this work must be stopped. Eveyy civilized nation regards our sabbath. If these Adventists are permitted to go on in this way, every-body may take his gun and go hunting on Sunday. The saloon-keeper may open his saloon and sell whiskey on Sunday. Our sabbath was kept by God Almighty himself, and shall these Adventists be permitted to override this sacred institution? All civilized nations keep this day. The most wicked man among us, the man who gambles and gets his neighbor's money until Saturday night, feels a holy  awe as the holy day is approaching, and he now lays aside his work to keep his reputation. An Adventist's conscience leads him to build houses on the sabbath, another's conscience leads him to open a saloon and sell whiskey on the sabbath, another's conscience may lead him to open his store and sell goods on that day, if there is the biggest rush then. Gentlemen, this work must be stopped to save our country from going to ruin. The constitution of the State of Tennessee provides " that no human authority can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no prefer-ence shall ever be given by law to any relig-ious establishment or mode of worship." But it is as plain, as anything can be that if Attor-ney-General J. W. Lewis, who prosecuted this case, understands the purpose of this " law " under which Adventist J. W. Lewis is at present undergoing imprisonment, it is for the purpose of compelling the observance of a religious institution. The plea is too plainly religious to be mistaken; but it is no more re-ligious in its terms than the "law" is in its in-tent. The truth is that the constitutional guarantee of freedom of conscience in Ten-nessee is overridden in the interests of Sunday sacredness, and J. W. Lewis is to-day under-going imprisonment in Lake County, Tenn., simply and only because he has offended against a statute-entrenched religious institu-tion. It is a matter of evidence in the case that he injured no one; that he interfered with no one; that he trenched upon the rights of no one; that the nuisance of which he was convicted was simply a legal fiction. There were four other cases before the court on this occasion, but they were continued until the July term, at the request of the de-fendants. THE CREATOR'S SUNDAY LAW. THE" only good law for Sunday that was ever made, was enacted by the Creator. It is the only good law of the kind that can ever be made. Let it not be thought strange that the Creator enacted a law for the first day of the week. He has created all things, and he has law for everything that he has made; he set nothing adrift after he created it, to float about subject to no rule of guidance, no de-fined purpose of utility, amidst the rest of his creation. He has a law for the earth, a law for the tree and flower, a law for every operation of nature. " He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth; his word runneth very swiftly. He giveth snow like wool; he scattereth the hoar frost like ashes. He cast-eth forth his ice like morsels: who can stand before his cold ? He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he causeth his wind to blow, and the waters flow." Ps. 147: 15-18. He has law for the beings he has made, both man and beast. And he has law for the days of the week. The fourth commandment not only states the law of the Sabbath, but of the other days of the week as well, so far as concerns man's relation to them. That it makes so brief mention of them in comparison with the Sab-bath is due to the preeminence of the latter. The commandment says: " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Every word of the Creator is law. The sentence, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," is law, as much as is any other divine pronouncement; not, indeed, in the sense of prohibiting all rest or recreation upon any other day than the seventh, but as distin- guishing between man's relation to it and his relation to the Sabbath. It is the law of their character as related to mankind. They are the working days; the Sabbath is the rest day. The Creator's law for Sunday therefore is, that it is one of the six common days upon which man may labor and perform his work. That is the law as it stands in the divine code to-day. Man, it is true, has enacted a different " law." He has made a statute which sets forth the first day of the week, instead of the seventh, as the weekly rest day. But can man with his enactments set aside the decree of the Eternal ? Can a man-made statute have any force, as opposed to the law of the Almighty ? Shall we observe the Creator's law for Sun-day, or man's ? PROHIBITION A PROPER POLICY. UNDER this heading, Rev. Thomas L. Poul- son contributes an able article in the New York Christian Advocate, of Dec. 12, 1895, showing conclusively the propriety of prohi-bition, both from the standpoint of political economy and from that of justice. We pre-sent some extracts from the article, in justi-fication of a policy which the SENTINEL has always advocated, and upon which it would lay special emphasis to-day, in view of the compromise which is being made by the friends of prohibition with the forces of evil. Let the reader bear in mind, as he peruses Mr. Poulson's statements, that the prohibition cause is now, to all human appearance, about to suffer shipwreck upon the rock of Sunday legalization. Let the friends of prohibition who may.  read this, consider with whom the compromise is being made which establishes the saloon upon a legal basis, so that it may lawfully engage in its terrible business during six days in every week. It is with the devil; and in a compromise with him, he never loses. The loss is all on the other side; and it is a total loss, while the devil gains all he asks. - Right can never compromise with wrong, either legally or otherwise. Mr. Poul- son says:Š A consensus of experience has taught that the liquor traffic not only propagates disorder and destroys peace, but that it also imposes an enormous amount of need-less expense both upon government and individual citizens. This it does in many ways. 1. A small revenue is raised from license to those who pocket the profits, which necessitates the levying of a heavy tax on the balance of the community for the support of paupers, and the arrest, trial, conic tion, and punishment of criminals, created by the authorized sale of liquor. An annual income of about thirty millions from licenses and taxes is offset by an enforced expenditure of about ten hundred mil: lions to repair the actual damage wrought by the li4 tensed traffic. This "penny wise and pound foolish" policy is too trivial to engage the serious attention of full-grown men. 2. The licensed traffic is the occasion of the annual consumption by working people in this country of about two hundred millions of their hard-earned wages for intoxicants, to the infinite material detriment of themselves and their families, to say nothing of the large amount foolishly and wickedly squandered in other directions while these sottish victims are under the witchery of drink. 3. The traffic is the indirect cause of thousands of bad debts, whereby hundreds of thousands of dollars are annually lost to many who do not themselves in-dulge in drink. 4. The traffic is the source of idleness, and thus causes an immense waste of time and labor, which are money. 5. It impoverishes the people, hinders the im-provement of property, and lessens its taxable value. 6. It compels the exoneration of the drink vic-tims from taxation, by which thousands are annually lost to the State and nation, or advanced by sober taxpayers. 7. By careful computation and close observation it 