" llleMAsTER's History of the United States " says of the code under which the French and Spanish city of New Orleans was governed before the cession of Louisiana to the United States in 1803,Š" Wretched indeed was the plight of the friendless offender, or even an accused per:1bn, who was brought before ono of these perartibulatory judges. If he had reviled the Saviour or the Blessed Virgin, his property was confiscated and his tongue cut out." Although such penalties would not now be imposed because of being " cruel and unusual," neither would the reviling of the " BlessedNirgin " be treated as a penal offense, yet the spirit of this very criminal procedure is still retained, only mod-ified out of respect to public feeling and to corres-pond with Protestant instead of Catholic Creed. o.  THE Citrograph, Redlands, California, publishes this, credited to the Grocer and Country Merchant, and heads it, " Absurd Laws. " "Commercial travelers, or others who carry ac-cident insurance policies, should be careful when businCas pleasure takes theni to some of the eastern States, having Sunday laws, that they do not go shooting or fishing on the first day of the week. By a recent decision of the Vermont Supreme Court it was held in the case of Duran vs. Standard Life and Accident Insurance Company, that a person who walked from one town to another on Sunday for the purpose of hunting violated the laws of Vermont, which forbid hunting on Sunday, or traveling on that day, ekcept from necessity or charity; that an injury occasioned by his slipping on frozen ground while returning home from hunt-ing on Sunday was not covered by an accident in-surance policy exempting the company from lia-bility where a `violation of law' was the act, cause, or condition, ' wholly or partly, directly or indirectly, producing the injury, or where the in-jury was affected by any such act, cause, or con-dition, or under its influence.' Residents on this coast, where the law is indifferent as to whether one attends church or goes fishing on Sunday, will find it hard to realize that such enactments as the Vermont Sunday law exist in any American corn monwealth. It may be perhaps that to the exist-ence of the narrow views, as expressed in the Vermont statute, is to some extent due the steady decline in the population of a State which has pro-duced so many men of distinguished ability." IN Pittsburg, where the Law and Order League is very active in trying to put down the Sunday paper as well as all forms of Sunday work, the Printers' Assembly, a branch of the Knights of Labor, has passed the following resolutions:Š WHEREAS, There are many laws on the statute books of Pennsylvania, notably the conspiracy and Blue Laws, which militate against the rights and liberties of the laboring class, and WHEREAS, An association styled the Law and Order League, mainly composed of disreputable persons, not citizens of the United States, has taken it on itself to enforce the obnoxious Blue Laws of 1794 to the detriment of workingmen and their families, in an attempt to deprive them of their Sunday papers, thus denying them the only means they have to educate themselves; therefore, be it Resolved, That Printers' Assembly 1630, Knights of Labor, hereby emphatically denounces the con-spiracy and Blue Laws as blots upon the statute books of the State, and insists upon the repeal of laws which permit foreigners to levy blackmail upon American citizens and allow capital to grind down workingmen through the medium of the courts; and further, be it Resolved, That we call upon all citizens who have the interest of labor at heart, and also on all work-ingmen, to cast their ballots for only those candi-dates for the Legislature who will pledge themselves to vote for the repeal of the conspiracy and Blue Laws' and all other acts on the statute books of Pennsylvania which are to the detriment of labor and the benefit of capital. It may be an extravagance to style the members of the Law and Order League " disreputable characters" yet at the same time all such leagues are a menace to civil freedom. However one can but see, from these resolutions, that the laboring men are not as anxious for Sunday-laws as the American Sabbath Union and other Sunday-law advocates would have it thought. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 71 THE PROGRESS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, AS SHOWN IN THE HISTORY OF TOLERATION ACTS, BY PHILIP SCHAFF, D. D. This most eitcdiettt treatise traces the progress of Chris tianity in its relation to the State from persecution to tolera-tion. and front toleration to freecioni. It is a companion to the treatise on " CFMRCII AND STATE IN TOD UNITED STATES," and properly precedes it, and ends Where the oilier begins. Both together form a brief history of RIILIGIOtiS LIBERTY IN EUROPE AND AMERICA. This history can best be Written from an American stand-point, because America reaps the benefit of all the preceding toleration acts. and has successfully tested, by the experience pf a century, the system of religious freedom on the basis of Legal equality and a peaceful separation of Church and State. Price, $1.50:  SMITH'S COMPREHENSIVE DICTIONARY OF THE BIBLE WITH MANY IMPORTANT ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS. Designed to be a evmplete guide in regard to the pro- Minciaticin and Signification of Scriptural names; THE soLitfiOli DIFFICULTIES respecting the interpretation, authority, and harmony of the Old and New Testaments; the history and description of Bib-lical customs, events, places, persons, animals, plants, miner als, and other things concerning which information is needed by an intelligent and thorough student of the Holy Scriptures, and of the books of the Apocrypha. Over 1,200 royal 8vo. pages. Cloth, $5.00; library, $6.00 POLISHED STONES AND SHARPENED ARROWS, BY C. W. BIBB, SCRIPTURE TEXTS AND ILLUSTRATIONS FOR THE CHRISTIAN WORKER AND THE HOME, This volume was prepared to serve as a hand-book of illustra-tions for the preacher, the teacher, and the Christian worker, that they may abound more and more in every good word and work. An apt illustration will often touch the secret spring of the heart so that its door will swing open to receive the truth. The book is divided into twenty-three chapters, and contains an index to scripture texts to which the reader can quickly refer and find the illustration which accompanies the Bible text. The book conains 374 pages, bound in brown cloth, price $1.25. One of the Very Best Popular Religious Books Ever Published is BY MPS, E. G. White. The rare ability of the author in the presenta-tion of Scripture truth has never been used to bet-ter advantage than in this little work. " Steps to Christ" is not alone suitable as a guide to the in-quirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and suggestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of CONTENTS. 1, The Sinner's Need of Christ. 7. Growing up into Christ. 2. Repentance. 8. The Work and the Life. 3. Confession. 9. A Knowledge of God. 4. Consecration. 10. The Privilege of Prayer. 5. Faith and Acceptance. 11. What to do with Doubt. 6. The Test of Discipleship. 12. Rejoicing in the Lord. STEPS TO CHRIST is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, gold and ink dies, at 75 cents per copy. CV-qhe above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co. Or Oakland, Cal 43 Bond St., New York City. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, $2. 50. CHURCH AND STATE IN THE UNITED STATES. OR THE AMERICAN IDEA OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND 1T$,  PRACTICAL EFFECTS, WITH OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS, BY PHILIP SCHAFF, D. D. This is a companion volume to "Religious Freedom," and discusses that part of the Constitution which protects us against the despotism of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exercise and enjoyment of religion, as an inherent, inviolable, and inalienable right of every man. A most excel-lent treatise. Price, $1.50, REVELL'S IMPERIAL GLOBE ATLAS ANALYTICAL CONCORDANCE TO THE BIBLE, On an Entirely New Plan. t Containing every word in alphabetical order, arranged under its Hebrew or Greek original, with the literal meaning of each and its pronunciation. Exhibiting about 311,000 refer-ences, marking 30,000 VARIOUS READINGS in the NEW TESTAMENT. Designed for the simplest reader of the English Bible. By Robert Young, LL.D. Fourth revised authorized edition, printed on heavy paper. One large volume, 4to, cloth, $5.00; sheep, 86,00 IneŠThe above named books will be sent, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums, This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or lay; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents.  Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Of modern and ancient geography. Contain-ing 33 imperial quarto maps, with an index of 20,000 names. Size of page, 12 x 14, Full cloth, $1.00. 