- 8 Tiii A&iERICAN SENTINEL,. Tir An2eFical2 Se0112e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1888. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, awl that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THERE is no question that is growing faster in the United States to-day than is the Sun-day question. It is coming nearer and nearer to the point where it will be an essential factor in the political field. And the Christian Na-tion announces the intention of it all, thus :Š "Let those who will remember the Sabbath to keep it holy from motives of love and obedience; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We have no option." ŠChristian Nation, September 28, 1887. This is the National Reform version of the fourth commandment. 00 Ł A GOOD many people imagine that they love law and order, when they do not. It is a fact that many; indeed the great majority of men, are perfectly indifferent as to whether or not the laws are enforced, so long as they them-Selves do not suffer by their violation. Laws are enforced in this country principally from selfish motives, and not from a love of justice. There is not an abhorrence of evil because it is evil. Men will make an outcry against a crime which involves, their interest, and will excuse the same if they are in no way _con-cerned. ON Sunday, October 23, the corner-stone of a Catholic college was laid in Oakland. After the ceremony, Rev. Joseph Sasia, of the Jesuit college in San Francisco, delivered a sermon on .education, in which, as a matter of course, he referred to the fact that Catholic schools and churches are taxed, and that The Govern-ment does not give Catholic schools a share of the public money, and then' said:. "We earnestly belieVe that, by the blessing of Prov-idence, our grievances will be redressed, and our just claims shall justly prevail." If the obsequiousness with which the Catholic Church is treated by the press, both political and religious, is any just indication, we may well believe that the priest will not have to wait long to see his desire fulfilled. N Ł  10 IN this number of the SENTINEL We .have shown how the representative California preachers proposed to secure from the Legis-lature the passage of a "civil" Sunday law. We confess that it does not present them in a very enviable light, but we can't help that, it is a simple statement of the facts in the case. Yet these men are no worse than the repre-sentative ministers in any other State in the Union. We have, for instance, the minutes of the Preachers' Convention, held for the same purpose _precisely, in Elgin, Ill., last Novem-ber, and they reach their point in the same way. .The thing is fast becoming universal,  and the methods are all of a piece. - The trouble is that in this they are all Working for legisla-tion upon a matter that is wholly religiouS, and which every argument that they make proves to be wholly religious, while they try.  to cover it all up with the word " civil; " but the covering is too narrow for them to wrap themselves in it. THE National Reformers indignantly deny the charge that they are laboring for it union of Church and State, but insist that what they want is a union of Religion and the State. The Rev. Josiah Strong, D. D., Gen-eral Secretary of the Evangelical Alliance, and author of the well-known book, " Our Coun-try," has expressed himself to the same effect. He, with the National Reformers, wants not Church and State, but Religion and State. 'Says Dr. Strong, "I distinguish, as some ap-parently do not, between Church and Religion." Now we think we know enough about mathematics to work out so simple a problem as is here presented. The three terms are these, the State, the Church, and Religion. They say that they design to keep Church and State forever separate and distinct, but that Religion and State must be closely united. The result of our calculation is that if they succeed in their design they will nec-essarily have to divorce the Church and Re-ligion. If this solution is not correct, we should be glad if someone would point out the defect in our calculation. We verily be-lieve that when the National Reformers, and their many friends who do not go by that name, shall have accomplished their purpose, no one of acute perception will have any difficulty in distinguishing between Church and Religion. There may be a form of Re-ligion but the power will have fled forever. What Does' it Mean? WHAT means this almost universal uprising over the question of "How shall our Ameri-can Christian civil Sunday sabbath be pre-served?" Large Conventions of ecclesiastics are held solely to discuss this question. The W. C. T. U. works it up all over' the United States. Prohibition Conventions put it in their platforms. The leading preachers and lecturers of the Nation discuss it from pulpit and platform. Legislatures, both State and National, from beginning to end of their ses-sions, are petitioned for the enactment of stringent laws in its behalf. The religious papers of the country lift up one united cry that it must and shall be preserved. Knights of Labor, and workingmen's unions, and so-cialists, call loudly for laws enforcing its ob-servance. Political Conventions are " worked " and Legislatures are " lobbied " in the inter-ests of the Christian Sunday. Saloon-keepers enforce laws for its observance. Only a few years ago there was no sign of any such thing, and even those who now make the most of it, then insisted that it was one of the least of the questions that concerned religion. But now, instead of its being the. least and most inci-dental of the questions of religion, it is by  their own confession the greatest and most urgent of_ all. Now, instead of the question of how to reach the masses with the-  gospel being the greater, that question must take a back seat, while there comes to the fit:4A the universal demand for stringent Sunday law's strictly enforced, that by this means the masses may be reached. Now instead of the questions. of infidelity and atheism taking the far greater precedence, it has come to this, that if you don't favor Sunday laws you are an infidel, and if you oppose them you are an atheist. Now, instead of the questions of infidelity and atheism taking precedence, it has come to pass that the question of the Sun-day sabbath is made. the test of fidelity and theism. Yet in " demanding " laws to com-pel everybody to observe the day, and sub-mit to the test, they will gravely argue that the movement is entirely civil, and that there is nothing religious about it. What, then, -does all this mean? It means that, through this question of compulsory Sunday Ł observance, the civil power is to be subordinated to the ecclesiastical in these United States. We know that this statement will be pooh-poohed by many, and especially by those who are work-ing for it, but in making the statement we but speak forth the words of truth and soberness. This is precisely the way in which the civil power was subordinated to the religious, in the fourth century, out of which came the tyranny of the Papacy; and both time and events will shortly demonstrate that we state the exact truth. Therefore, without hesitation, we lift up our _voice against the whole scheme. To laugh at the fears of the SENTINEL will not avert the evil. To despise its warnings, is oily to rivet your own chains. In perfect sincerity the AMERICAN SENTINEL adopts the memorable words, " I am in earnestŠI will not equivocateŠI will not excuseŠI will not retreat a single inchŠand I will be heard." Sample Copies. WE send this number of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL to many who are not subscribers. Please read the paper carefully, and then send us your subscription for 1888. 'We are certain that you will find it worthy of your patronage. If you will send us two new subscribers. at 50 cents each, we will send you the SENTINEL one year free. THE duty of the State is to protect its citi-zens, to preserve order, and to dispense justice. The duty of the church is to teach religion and to dispense charity. Charity, divorced from religion, provided for by public taxation, and dispensed by the State, loses its essential quality. _ It then becomes a certain and se-cure provision which society makes for its-un-fortunate and pauper classes.ŠSelected. THE AMERICAN SENTIN.EL.. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO.; The defense of Ame&ican Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so'far as regards religion or religions tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL.- 