410 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, JUNE 30, 1898. APPETITE and passion are far worse tyrants than was George III. PERSONAL independence means more to you than national independence. ALL human laws are a failure which aim either to make it as easy as pos-sible to do right, or as hard as possi-ble to do wrong. "OLD Glory" bears neither mark nor sign suggestive of empire or a colonial government. Willthe nation adopt a new flag? A VERY good thing, in its place, be-comes a very bad thing, out of its place. The church, out of her proper place, becomes one of the worst insti-tutions in the world. THE law of the land says that you shall not spend Ł your time in doing that which interferes with the rights of your neighbors. And this is as far as human law has a right to go. THE Rome (Italy) correspondent of the New York Sun states that the health of the pope is very feeble, and that the chief cause of his indisposi-tion is anxiety over the outcome of the Spanish-American war. WITH the invasion of Cuba by the United States troops, the war is tak-ing on an aspect which brings the reality of it painfully home to this country. With every day of the fight-ing around Santiago American citi-zens are falling in battle, and homes and hearts far away from the battle held are filled with gloom and pierced with the deepest sorrow. Creation groans for the time when wars shall forever end ,Šwhen "the meek shall in-herit the earth, and shall delight them., selves in the abundance of peace." THERE are a number of calls going to the world to-day; to which are you listening? THE illustrations in this issue were made expressly for the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL. And there will be others fol-lowing, if not in every issue, at least at frequent intervals. These will help much to sell the paper, and may be counted on by those willing to work to extend its circulation. FOLLOWING our usual custom of omitting one paper at or near the completion of the half volume, we drop an issue at this time; so there will be HO SENTINEL next week. The date of the next issue will be July 14. It will be a good number, and illus-trated. Look out for it. OUR forefathers of Revolutionary days fought against the principle of arbitrary government embodied,  in an act of Parliament imposing a tax on tea. The tax itself was very mild; but the unjust principle was just as big in the mild tax as it would have been in a heavy one. And so of a Sunday law; the unjust principle em-bodied in the law is in no wise affected by making the requirements of the law mild instead of severe. It is against the principle of such measures that we need to be guarded. "Wily don't God kill the devil?" some people foolishly ask. The answer is that God believes in religious lib-erty, and is now giving the human family an opportunity, through the enjoyment of that liberty, to develop character. God purposes to dispose of the devil and sin and all that is evil at one and the same time; for all these things belong together and all tend toward the same end. But if God were to destroy sin now, all sinners would be destroyed with it; but sin-ners are yet on probation, and have an opportunity to separate from sin, so that the destruction of sin will not involve them with it; and besides, God is able to deliver all persons from the devil, so that so far as that is  concerned, the devil doesn't need to be destroyed. If God were to kill the devil now it would be an acknowl-edgement that he could not success-fully contend with him on even terms. SOME people find fault with the AMERICAN SENTINEL for speaking SO much in a tone of challenge. They think it should have more to say in the line of "All's well," or "Good time coming." We assure our friends that the SENTINEL would be glad to make this report if it could do so upon evidence. It proceeds upon the principle that it is better to know an unpleasant troth, than a pleasant lie. There is a good time coming, but we will not survive to see it unless we know how.to meet and escape existing perils. To those of our readers who are deeply interested in the special line of work to which the SENTINEL has been called, but who have not had the privilege of being thoroughly conver-sant with it in the past, and to those also who value the SENTINEL for refer-ence and help in their work, we would respectfully call attention to our "Bound Volume" ad. which appears in this issue of the paper. NEWS received from Havana and other parts of Cuba under Spanish control discloses a terrible condition of affairs due to the blockade, which has shut off almost all supplies from the island. Nearly all the reconcen-trados around Havana, it is stated, have died from starvation, and the poorer classes in other parts have only death staring them in the face. And the end of the war is seemingly a long way from being in sight. A NEW CATALOGUE of all our publi-cations, circulars of our new line of Combination Family Bibles, and a fine circular showing full-size illustra-tions of OUP SENTINEL Premium Bible, both closed and open, will be sent to any one sending their name and ad-dress together with a 2-cent stamp. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. Co. 39 Bond St., N. Y. 