532 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, AUGUST 25, 1898. No COUNTERFEIT righteousness will ever get into circulation in heaven. JESUS CHRIST is the ladder that reaches from the lowest plane of hu-manity to the throne of God. IT is impossible for man in his finite wisdom to prescribe the manner of Sabbath observance without lower-ing the standard of Sabbath observ-ance from the requirements of the divine law. IT is the fate of the SENTINEL, as, we suppose, of most other journals, to be the subject of occasional criti-, cism. This is properŠthe SENTINEL doesn't hold itself above criticism Šonly we notice that the majority of these come from people who don't read it. We want to profit by these criticisms, but we hardly know how to profit by criticisms of the SENTI NEL from people who don't read it. THERE are people who say that the SENTINEL is hard on the Catholics. We deny this charge; certainly we do not mean to be severe on the Catho-lics, or on any others. But we are hard on Roman Catholic principlesŠwe confess that. And the reason for this is that Roman Catholic princi_ pies are hard on those who adhere to them. Those principles are chains which are bound about the adherents of the Catholic belief. And when we strike the chain, with the purpose of freeing the captive, it may appear that we are striking the man instead; but this is a mistake which a little discrimination will discover. This is the trouble with many people in their attitude towards God. They do not discern that his judgments are not against the sinner, but against sin. God, hates sin; -but he so loved the sinner that he gave his only-begotten Son for his salvation. It is always important to discriminate between the principle and the person who holds it. THE question of Pope Leo's suc-cessor is strongly agitating the col-lege of cardinals at Rome, owing to the apparent nearness of the pope's decease. The probabilities,it is said, point to the election of Łone of the Italian cardinals. Taking a look historically at the "chair of Peter," it is to be observed that it has been filled 'more frequently by Italians than by all persons of other nation-ality combined. And from this the only conclusion to be drawn, from a papal standpoint, is that the Italian nation is far superior to any other nation on earth in the sight of God. Why it should be so is a mystery for Catholics to explain. As Jr to still further complicate the situation respecting the Philippines, Admiral Dewey and General Merritt assaulted and took the city Of Man-ila, Saturday, the 13th, and received from the Spanish commander, it is said, the surrender of the whole Phil-ippine group. So now it is claimed by the American press that there is no Philippine question, the whole groupŁ  of islands being the property of the United States by right of con-quest. But this happened after the signing of the peace protocol; the American commanders in the Pacific not having learned of the advent of peace. So that it would appear that the United States is bound not to make any claim based upon the latest victory of the American arms. THE saloon is a natural enemy of society; therefore we have always ad-vocated that it be dealt with by`the law of the land as such. There is not one right of mankind which the sa-loon respects; not one upon which it has not ruthlessly trampled. Strong drink hurls reason from its throne, and puts in its place only the instincts and intelligence of a beast. Why, then, should the saloon merit pro-tection from those to whom it is a deadly foe? Why should a viper com-plain because some one does not warm it in his bosom? How many murders has the saloon committed? Šthink of it! In what other case  does civilization throw the protec-tion of law around a murderer with such a record? We say this is wrong; and we believe that in saying it we are right. The "moderate" drinker cuts no figure in this question. The saloon must be judged not by the moderate drinkers, but by its finished products, the drunkards. "AND it shall come to pass in the last days," speaks the prophetic Word, "that I will pour out My Spirit upon all flesh." How then will the Spirit be manifested by those who receive it? Jesus Christ said, "The Spirit of the Loyd God is upon me, because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the broken-hearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;" and as the Spirit was manifested in him, so will it be in his followers. The Spirit has been poured out, and when it is receivedŠwhen the church is ready to receive itŠthe world will re-sound with the proclamation of reli-gious liberty in Christ. AMONG the warnings that have been sounded in the nation's ears against imperialism, a forcible one is the fol-lowing from ex-Secretary John Sher-man, whose long experience in the business of republican government well qualifies him to know whereof he speaks:Š "I regret to notice a disposition in Congress to reach out for outside ter-ritory. This ambition for the occu-pation of territory has been the ruin of Greece, Rome, and the great na-tions of Asia in ancient times, and of Spain, Austria, and Italy- in modern'  times. And now the United States is in more danger from similar causes than all others combined. "The greed of territory and the at-tempt to rule it lost Great Britain the great body of what is now the United States of America. If we can be content with our vast continental possessions we can dispense with the islands of the sea. There is no room for them in our system of States. Their people . do not speak our lang-uage. Friendly trade relations can be easily arranged, but American domination, if attempted, will lead to interminable evils." 