aE  aE  ae  .4  .4  DE  cC 740 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 24, 1898. WE are promised a report of the international W. C. T. U. convention for our next issue. Do NOT miss the articles we are now printing on the subject of the proposed support of the Catholic Church in Cuba by the United States Government. You want to know what is being proposed in this line, and what it means; and your neigh-bors ought to know this too. ANOTHER arrest has been made in connection with the effort to "preserve the sanctity of the American Sabbath" at Ford's Store, Md. The vic-  le tim in this case is Mr. Neal, 4 he being like the others an &4  observer of the seventh day. al The charge against him was al that of keeping open store ,on Sunday. The arrest pas 3°  made on the day Mr. Neal observes as the Sabbath. He was however released a° aQ after being kept a short time in custody; for what reason we have not yet learned. THE Rev. Dr. Mutchler, who is sec-retary of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association (the Philadelphia asso-ciation for Sunday enforcement) is stirring things up along that line in Pennsylvania. Recently, says the-Philadelphia Inquirer, he appeared at the session of the United Labor League of that State, and urged upon the representatives of labor that they shouldjurge upon the leg-islature the necessity of looking more closely after the enforcement of Sun-day rest. The league, it is stated, "heartily applauded the address of the secretary of the Sabbath Associ-ation, and the delegate from the Barbers' Union stated that they were reaching a point in their prepara-tions where they were about ready  to begin the Sunday-closing move-ment by vigorous action." For years the clergy represented in the Sunday-law movement have been urging the labor organizations to urge the necessity of Sunday rest by law; and their efforts are beginning to bear fruit. But there is some-thing strange about a physical ne-cessity that is not felt by the ones deprived of it until it is pointed out to them by a body of clergymen. THE new governor-elect of this State, Mr. Roosevelt, is reported' as having promised an era of "reform" in the State when he shall have as-sumed the duties of his office. "Re- SPECIAL OFFER. 41)41 4%,b4.4 ctetelelea 4t4t01 formers" throughout the State will doubtless bear this in mindŠnot ex-cepting those who want reform by religious laws. WHY is it that a person has to be religious, and a believer in the theo-logical dogma of Sunday sacred-ness, in order to be impressed with necessity of Sunday rest on physio-logical grounds? AN effort was made by Milwaukee brewers to have the new battleship "Wisconsin" christened with a bot-tle of beer instead of wine, the brew-ers offering to have a special bottle blown for the occasion and inclosed in a gold and silver net, on which was to be a plate engraved with a picture of the ship and a portrait of  the young lady who was to do the christening. Let us talk softly about the foolish ceremonies of the heathen in other lands, in view of such hea-then folly at home. THE Turkish government has de-cided to put an end to the "Zionist" movement by prohibiting any fur-ther immigration of Jews into Pales-tine. - PROFESSOR EATON, well known in Methodist circles of the West, created a sensation at the Layman's Con-gress of the M. E. Church at Phila-delphia, the 16th inst., by declaring that the churches had largely become old-fogy organizations, which instead of pulling in the contest for the suprem-acy of truth and right-eousness in the earth, were dragged along by the force of moral sentiment which was working in the world without; that the church to-day does not exist for the people, but seems to imagine that the people ex-ist for it. Whether Profes-sor Eaton's charges are warranted in whole or only in part, it is significant that they are made at a time when the church is manifesting much ac-tivity in the arena of politics. ACCORDING to statistics, Christian-ity is declining in the earth at the rate of about one per cent. of the population every seven years; that is, an additional one per cent. of the inhabitants become non-Christians in that period. This of course is mainly due to the increase of popu-lation in heathen lands. It should be borne in mind that only nominal Christianity can be measured by sta-tistics. WHAT a man ought to be, and what he can righteously be forced to be, are conditions which have no nec-essary relation to each other. N./ 41,,417 tiPtV7449 44,41,4,41Pl< The price of the "Sentinel" is $1 per year, but the publishers have decided to extend to every subscriber now on the list an agency for the paper, and receive new subscriptions from them at the reg-ular agent's rate; namely, 75 cents per year. In addition to this, we will date the expiration of the subscriptions January 1, 1900, thus giving the remaining weeks of this year FREE. 