272 VOL. 10, No. 34. NEW YORK, AUGUST 29, 1895. ANT one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the letter on page 270, under the heading, " Religious Persecution in Illinois." EXTRA copies of the illustrated SENTINEL, of August 15, can still be furnished at the usual price, $1 per hundred, or $8 per thou-sand. It is a number of exceptional value, and ought to have a much wider circulation than has yet been given it. NUMBER 35 of the SENTINEL, dated Sep-tember 5, will contain an illustrated article on Southern chain-gangs and their relation to religious persecution. This article, besides being illustrated, will give the writer's per-sonal observations in Atlanta, 'besides much other valuable and reliable information. We will also republish in this number, by request, the illustrated article, "In the Chain-gang Under the Flag," which appeared in the SEN-TINEL of August 1. This paper will be fur-nished at the usual price, $1 per hundred or $8 per thousand. It will also be furnished in any quantity on the terms offered on the pre-ceding page. MRS. J. C. BATEHAM, Superintendent, of the Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, has an article in the Christian Statesman, of August 3, in which she protests mildly against the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee, and says:Š A clause providing exemption for those who con-scientiously observe Saturday instead of Sunday, and are careful not to disturb the rest of others, should always be inserted even if those provisions may oc-casionally be abused. . . . Courtesy and the Golden Rule require that even at partial expense of uniformity the consciences of the minority should be protected. This statement does credit to Mrs. Bate-ham's heart. It is perhaps all that could be expected of one in her position. It does seem that almost everyone ought to be able to see that all Sunday legislation is improper, and that all Sunday-law enforcement savors of religious persecution. Mrs. Bateham can see this in the case of the enforcement of the so-called law against Adventists in Tennessee. She says, "'-It savors of religious persecution, which, looked at on the lowest plain, is thor-oughly impolitic since making martyrs for conscience always increases the following, and nothing more prejudices the onlooker than appearance of lack of fair play." This is indeed looking at the matter from the " lowest plain." But we do not attribute this motive to the lady in question; we believe that it is her innate sense of justice that leads her to protest against persecution. Having seen and admitted so much, may she be en-abled to see more. THE Sabbath Recorder thinks our strictures of August 1, unjust, and complains that we quoted only a part of what it said. We' can only say that we had no intention to be un-fair; nor do we think that we did our con-temporary any injustice, though our criticism was probably unnecessarily caustic. This latter we regret. We still think, however, that one unacquainted with the facts in the case, could get no other impression from the Recorder's note than that some, at least, of the persecuted Seventh-day Adventists had been unnecessarily offensive to their neighbors, and had thus needlessly brought trouble upon themselves. This we deny in toto, and base our denial not upon the unsupported assertion of the Adventists themselves, but upon the sworn testimony of the State's witnesses in the several cases. We are sure that in not a single one of the scores of cases tried during the past ten years in several different States, has there been any evidence of aggravation. The an-noyance charged has all been of the kind that is begotten of bigotry and intolerance, and is born of an unwillingness on the part of the persecutors to award to others equal rights with themselves. MORE TENNESSEE INJUSTICE. AUGUST 19, the authorities of Rhea County, Tenn., notified the Seventh-day Adventists whom they have been driving in the chain-gang for nearly two months, that they will be required to make up the time which they. have " lost" by keeping the Sabbath. 1,10‚s these Men are being punished directly' for obeying the fourth commandment. The constitution of Tennessee provides that "no man shall in time of peace be required to perform any service to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest;" but this constitutional guarantee is being de-liberately violated by the authorities of Rhea County, who are punishing men for not work-ing on a day set apart by their religion as a day of rest. Ł WANTS TO TO SET HIMSELF RIGHT. REFERRING to our illustrated number of August 15, a Knoxville, Tenn., pastor, writes us as follows:Š EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : Gentlemen: Having given a partial quotation of an interview which I accorded a reporter for the SENTI-NEL, a daily paper of this city, on tlie ŁsUbject of the punishment of the Tennessee Adventists for violation of the Sunday laws of the State of Tennessee, I ask that you do me the justice of publishing the closing paragraph of that same interview, as follows:Š " As to so-called Sunday laws, I believe they could, and certainly should be so framed as to duly respect the conscience of the subject. It is to be regretted that a body of religionists who conscientiously regard some other day of the week than Sunday as sanctified to holy purposes cannot, under the existing laws of our commonwealth, have their conscience respected. I believe, however, they would themselves prefer the enforcement of the law as it exists, to having its pro-visions disregarded at the expense ,of correct public notions touching the supremacy of the law. Perhaps in this I credit them with a patriotism their lips would disclaim. However, I think not." I have no doubt you will give the foregoing a place in your paper, together with so much of this letter as  may be needful. That you will be as careful to sen marked copies of the paper in which it shall appear, to various sources in this city, as you were to furnish the same sources with your issue of the 15th inst. can-not be questioned. Very truly yours, " THOS. C. WARNER. Pastor First M. E. Church. Knoxville, Tenn., August 21st, 1895. We cheerfully comply with Mr. Warner's request, though we do not see that it alters the case materially. We quoted only a por-tion of the interview because we had not space for all of it, and because his opinion of what a Sunday law ought to be could not affect his deliberate judgment thatŠ The question of righteousness should never decide whether an existing law is to be enforced or not. Is it the law of the land ? That question settled in the affirmative, then let the law be enforced. If the law is unjust, if it works hardship to innocent persons, still let it be executed so long as it remains upon the statute books. We said before, and we say again, that this being Mr. Warner's deliberate conviction, he must have said the same thing in the glare of the fires that consumed the martyrs in France or Spain, or at the foot of the gallows tree whereon the Protestants of Holland were exe-cuted; for it was all only the enforcement of civil law. We are glad that Mr. Warner's better self revolts at the logic of the words which his lips uttered. The country can well dispense with the " loyalty " which says: " If a law is unjust, if it works hardship to inno-cent persons, still let it be enforced so long as it remains upon the statute books." Mr. Warner has not exactly retracted this unguarded utterance, but wevarp, glad to believe that he spoke without realizing that he thereby justified all the crimes which have been com-mitted in the name of law in this wicked world; and their name is legion. BOOK NOTICE. ONE of the most interesting and valuable little books recently given to, the public, is " Life Only in Christ, or Immortality Not a Birthright, but a Gift from God," by Eld, Wolcott II. Littlejohn. Speaking of this book, W. McLane, Ph. D., D. D., of New Haven, Conn., well says that the author " has rendered very valuable service to the truth in his book." " His clear, forcible, comprehensive and scriptural argument for conditional immortality should command the attention and win the consent of the truth-loving mind." The chapter on Dives and Lazarus commends itself specially to the writer of this notice, since it is sub-stantially the same view that he has entertained for about fifteen years, namely, that the parable is an argumentum ad hominem (an argument to the man). This chapter alone is amply worth the price of the book and should be read by everybody. The book contains 179 pages, is neatly bound in cloth, and will be mailed, post-paid, to any address in the Universal Postal Union on receipt of 65 cents for the plain-edged, and 75 cents for guilt edges. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond St,, New York, N. Y. C. P. B. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 