ALONZO '1'. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. Ł - EDITORS. "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Caine not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 8, 1894. NUMBER 44,  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. IN a recent sermon in this city, Rev. Charles H. Eaton said :Š The Roman Catholic Church has produced some of the finest examples of humanitarians in the history of the world, and it should not be forgotten that the preservation of literature was due to the church, while she had produced her quota of scientists as well. The lives of Newman and Manning and Richard B. F:Łoude are worthy of the highest admiration. And this utterance is called by the paper from which it is taken, " A plea for reli-gious toleration "! IT is true that " some of the finest ex-amples of humanitarians in the history of the world" have been Roman Catholics; but they were such in spite of the system, not because of it. Heathendom, too, has given the world some noble characters. BUT what is meant in such a connection by " religious toleration ? " Simply reli-gious equality; and this not in the sense of equality before the law, but equality in the estimation of the people. Rome and her apologists want the history of the Dark Ages obliterated and the past for-gotton ; and refusal to do this is religious intolerance! It is for this reason that Rev. Walter Elliott, a Roman Catholic missionary, writing to the Catholic World, brands the Seventh-day Adventist Church as the " most venomous enemy of Catholic-ity in these parts;" "Puritans of the worst sort," etc. THE " venom " of the Adventists is their uncompromising hostility to the errors of Roman Catholicism, and their persistent insistence that the papacy is the " man of sin," and the papal system "the mystery of iniquity ; " the papal church the harlot mother of the harlot daughters of the Apocalypse. FOR centuries Rome dominated the civ-ilized world, and brooked no rival. "Her-esy," and " heretics," were alike destroyed. Not only was open schism a crime to be  punished by death, but secret dissent was likewise sought out and visited with the most severe penalties. ACCORDING to her own confession, the Roman Catholic Church forged* her own weapons for the extirpation of " hersey " in the 13th century. Prior to that time she had used the secular powers, for they had been willing tools, but civil rulers were becoming indifferent, and the In-quisition was called into being. "ROME never changes;" this is her boast to-day. Therefore, what Rome did in the Middle Ages Rome would do now had she the power. And yet Rome re-gards it as the height of intolerance to re-mind her of the dark pages of her history and to warn the people against the errors of Romish doctrines, and expose the cor-ruption of the Romish Church and priest-hood. THE Lord says: " Cry aloud ; spare not; " but Rome says; " Be tolerant." Yes, be tolerant, but tolerance does not mean indifference to truth. It does not mean giving the right hand of fellowship to error. It does not mean disloyalty to the word of God. It properly means, equality before the law; perfect freedom to profess and practice any religion or no religion, just as the individual shall elect, limited only by due regard for the equal rights of others. It means the perfect equality before the law of every individual and every sect with every other individual and with every other sect in all things. It means perfect liberty of conscience, guaranteed and defended by the State and restricted only by the equal rights of others. This Rome demands for herself and her votaries in America, and 'this Rome ought to have, not only here but everywhere; but this Rome denies to others wherever she has the power. Ver-ily, " Rome never changes " * "Half Hours with the Saints of God," approved by Cardinal Gibbons, says of the 13th century: " The church was as clear as ever upon the necessity of repressing heretics, but the weaponŠsecular sovereigntyŠwhich she had' hitherto em-ployed for the purpose, seemed to be breaking in her hands. The time was come when she was to forge, a weapon- of her own; to establish a tribunal the incorruptness and fidelity, of which she could trust; which, in the task of detecting and punishing those who misled their brethren, should employ all the minor forms of penal repression, while still remitting to the secular arm the case of obstinate and incorrigible offenders. VI:Us arose the Inquisition," Page 59. Roman Catholic Saints and Miracles. THE Roman Catholic Church claims a catalogue of saints numbering hundreds of thousands. Every one of these hun-dreds of thousands of saints is dead. In fact, the very first qualification of a Roman Catholic saint is that he be dead, and, second, that he be dead at least fifty years. Another all-important qualification is that he work miracles after his death. Though his conduct while living be de-clared saintly, and though he is believed to have performed countless miracles while living, nevertheless, before he can be a full-fledged Roman Catholic saint he must perform miracles while dead. Butler's " Lives of the Saints " contains the names of one thousand five hundred and fourteen saints, but this work is but a vest-pocket edition, as it were, of the lives of the saints. Although the saint-ologists of the church have been compiling the lives of the saints for three hundred years, and although the catalogue now comprises twenty-four large volumes, the end of the undertaking is not yet in sight. One or more of these innumerable dead saints is worshiped by the members of that church on every day of the year, not excepting the 29th day of February. It is believed that these dead men and women saints are in heaven praising the Lord, and that they know all about the ups and downs of humanity, and are thinking how they can help the living who invoke them. All this is a terrible mistake. Jesus said, " Whither I go ye cannot come." Not until he comes the second time and raises the dead can the righteous be with him. Hear him again, " I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am there ye may be also." ? " For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first : then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up to-gether with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord." Again, "The dead praise not the Lord, neither any that go John 8: 21. 'John 14: 3. 3  I Mess. 4:16, 17. 