66 A1VJL.  kntcAN gRawriNnt,. Vol.,. 10, No. 0, this one in the 18th chapter, which we have already referred toŠ" Go out from her, my people : that you be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and the Lord hath remembered her iniquities. . . . She saith in her heart: I sit a queen, and am no widow : and sorrow I shall not see. Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine, and she shall be burnt with the fire : because God is strong, who shall judge her." The first of these two rumors was sounded, and was heard, some time ago. The second and final rumor is now being sounded through the earth with a loud voice; and it means that the everlasting ruin of Babylon, mother and daughters, is near and hasteneth greatly; and whosoever would save his soul alive and es-cape from the fiery judgment of the Lord upon Babylon, must separate from her and all that is connected with her in any way.  This is why the AMERICAN SENTINEL " is making such a noise." And we are not going to stop the " noise " till the work is done; for it is written: " Upon thy walls, 0 Jerusalem, I have appointed watchmen all the day, and all the night, they shall never hold,their peace." Isa. 62: 6. Whether the people will believe and escape is for them to decide: ours is to sound aloud the rumor. " And the word of the Lord came to me, saying: Son of man, speak to the children of thy people, and say to them : When I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man, one of their meanest, and make him a watchman over them: and he see the sword coming upon the land, and sound the trumpet, and tell the people: then he that heareth the sound of the trumpet, whosoever he be, and doth not look to himself, if the sword come, and cut him off : his blood shall be upon his own head. He heard the sound of the trumpet, and did not look to himself, his blood shall be upon him: but if he look to himself, he shall save his life. And if the watchman see the sword coming, and sound not the trumpet: and the people look not to themselves, and the sword come, and cut off a soul from among them: he indeed is taken away in his iniquity, but I will require his blood at 'the hand of the watchman." Eze. 33: 1-6. We do not deny that it would indeed "be a great deal more comfortable " for the Moni-tor, for Catholicism, and for the papacyŠfor Babylon and the beastŠif the SENTINEL and all others who are bearing a like testimony " should go to sleep until the event comes off." But this cannot be; for now and upon this subject, it is as it was that time beforeŠ" If these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out. And in that case it might be indeed " appalling to contem-plate " what would be said. But in any case it is certainly appalling to contemplate the situation of the world under the impending ruin and the listlessness and unbelief of the people in the presence of the solemn warnings so fully given in the prophecies of the Word of the lord. TRUE AND FALSE THEOCRACY. UNDER this heading, we showed last week that a theocracy can exist no more in this world until the second 'coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. This is the plain teaching of the Word of God. The disciples understood, after the Saviour's resurrection, that the promise of a kingdom had reference not to this mortal state but to the everlasting immortal kingdom, and they were content to bide their Lord's time; but it was not so with the selfish, de-signing men who came into the church in later  years. These reasoned that of right all power belonged to Christ. He was not personally present to claim it, but were they not his rep-resentatives? and could they not, yea, should they not, exercise not only ecclesiastical but civil power as well, in his name and for his glory and the upbuilding of his kingdom in the earth ? To ask the question was, in their minds, to answer it as well Š hence the theocratic theory which began in the third century to be quite general in the church, and hence also the grasping after civil power to re-place the loss of spiritual power due to apos- tasy from the true faith, and to corrupting alliances with the rulers of the world. The Saviour sent his disciples forth into a hostile world under the commission: " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com- manded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28: 19, 20. The only guarantee of success given the apostles was the promise of the presence of their Lord by his Spirit; and by the power of that Spirit they went forth making converts not only without the aid of the civil power but in the face of the most bitter persecution. But the power of the Spirit of God could be used only in harmony with the mind of God. The Lord Jesus Christ made no provision for self-seeking among his followers. On the con-trary, when on one occasion certain of his dis- ciples sought preferment for themselves, he said:Š Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them. But so shall it not be among you: but whosoever shall be great among you, shall be your minister: and whosoever of you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all. For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many. Mark 10:42-45. And again we have these words of our Lord:Š But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren. And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Fa-ther,which is in heaven. Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ. But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant. And who-soever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted. Matt. 23:8-12. But these injunctions were not obeyed. Even in Paul's day the "mystery of iniquity" was at work as the apostle declared in 2 Thess. 2: 7. Unconsecrated men, like Simon the sorcerer, joined themselves to the church for self-aggrandizement; but the power of the Spirit of God was not for such as they. Power, however, they would have, and so they sought it by usurping authority over their fellows. The humble office of elder, bishop, or overseerŠfor the terms are in the Scriptures used interchangeably, and all mean the same thingŠwas magnified, or perverted, rather, so that ambitious men instead of being servants of the church became " lords over God's herit-age." But position was not power, and power they would have. And as it was to be had from the Lord only by those who would use it to his glory, these false shepherds sought it at the hands of civil rulers. At first they simply bartered ecclesiastical influence for political power; but subsequently they claimed that the power belonged to them of right. Of the progress that had been made in this direction in the fourth century, Neander says:Š There had in fact arisen in the church . . . a false theocratical theory, originating not in the es-sence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the reli-gious constitutions of the Old and New Testaments, which , . might easily result in the formation  of a sacerdotal State, subordinating the secular to itself in a false and outward way. The result was the full-grown papacy with the bishop of Rome as " Vicar of Christ," claiming power to depose kings and to set up kings; and following this in natural order, the history of the long and bloody persecution in which over fifty millions of people per-ishedŠsacrificed on the altar of popish am-bition. Only evil came of an attempt to es-tablish a theocracy then; only evil can come of such an attempt now. " THE CATHOLIC CLERGY IN POLITICS." UNDER the above head the American Re-clesiastical Review for January contains a most significant article. The Review is an authorized organ of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States and is " devoted to the diffusion and interpretation of practical theology, more especially in its bearing upon church administration in the United States. It deals with questions of the day only in their principles and special application, to the priestly and pastoral function. ' The reason given for the discussion of this topic at' this time is as follows:Š Recent occurrences brought about by the elections in the United States have directed public attention to this subject, and thus render its discussion particu-larly opportune at this time. The Roman Catholic Church in the United States has hitherto professed non-interference in politics. Of course everybody knows, or ought to know, that, notwithstanding this profession, the church has had a tremendous influence in American politics. This influ- ence, however, has not been openly exerted, as in Germany for instance, but has been exer-cised through the wire-pullings of the indi-vidual priest, the organized lobby, and the Catholic Indian Bureau at Washington. But in the opinion of the prelates of the church, as voiced in the American Catholic Review, the time has now come when it is opportune to take a more active part in Amer-ican politics. To prepare the way for this change the Review sketches briefly the attitude of the pope and the Catholics of other countries toward the subject under discussion as fol-lows :Š Considering the fact that the present attitude of the Catholic clergy toward national politics differs very widely in various countries, it may seem at first sight impossible to find principles, universal and founded alike in reason and faith, which would justify appar-ently opposite forms of action. For, at the very time when a stinging protest is sent forth from the altar by a respected American bishop' against the intervention, in purely political matters, of another no less popular prelate,' we find. bishops of other countries raise their voice to arouse their clergy and people to the exercise of their political rights. Nay, on this very point we see Leo XIII., in Italy, directing what might seem two opposite courses of political action. In regard to the Chamber of Deputies and the Legislative Assem-bly of the Kingdom established since the spoliation of Rome, the holy father advises clergy and people to maintain the political principle laid down by Pius IX, ŠNe eletti ne ellettori, that is "we neither vote nor stand as candidates for election." At the same time the pontiff strongly counsels Catholics to take active part in the municipal elections, and he encourages the clergy to exercise their influence in behalf of the es-tablishment of conservative regime in the large towns, and. particularly in Rome. . Everybody knows the history of the "Catholic As-sociation " in Ireland at the beginning of this century, and what a stand the bishops and clergy, individu,ally and collectively, have taken in the struggle for eman-cipation, a struggle which has been carried into Our own days with the sympathy of every lover of justice and freedom. Here, too, whilst we find Leo XIII. counseling the clergy to be watchful lest the claim of rights in the political order would interfere with that Bishop McQuaid, a Rochester, N. Y. 2  Archbishop Ireland, 