  " IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HEW NOT."ŠJesus Chrtst.   VoL. 13, No. 19. NEW YORK, MAY 12, 1898. Single copy 3 cents.       Mie American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. WAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it ,may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for It (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THERE can be no true patriotism apart from loyalty to the right. -4,1W-4-4* THE Christian is the one man in the world who can have perfect confidence in the future. - TRUTH is intolerant of error; and good, of evil. This is the "intolerance" of true Protestantism. A PATRIOT is not always known by the multitude of his words; but a fool, according to Solomon, most al-ways is.  with those of a foreign land. Bad people do not need to be watched so carefully as bad principles. PRESERVING a religious institution by legislation is like preserving a thing by pickling. At best only its form is retained. Its flavor, freshness, and power of growth are lost. It is a curiosity, not a thing of use. God's word alone can preserve a religious institution in the con-dition necessary to supply continuously the spiritual wants of the people. THE Government is making good progress in blowing up, sinking, and keeping away from our shores the Span-ish war ships; now let us have something done to get rid of the Spanish ideas which have already invaded the country and apparently with success. The worst thing about Spain is its principles of government; and it is these, and not the Spanish ships, which constitute the chief source of danger to this country. We refer chiefly to Spain's union of religion with the state. IP . EVERY person whom God trains in this world has an -experience of standing with the minority against the majority. NOT the doctrine of evolution, but the doctrine of imchangeableness, is the hope of the world to-day,Š,`Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to-day, and for--ever." BOAST not thyself of loyalty to this Government if you are not loyal to the principles upon which it is based. Many who boast of their loyalty, it is certain, have not .even a clear conception of what these principles are. As well might this country be conquered by a foreign foe as that the people now here should change the insti-tutions and principles of its government to correspond Archbishop Ireland's Scheme. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND has not yet published his prom-ised "reply to the attacks upon him" in which he is to "go into details" about his manipulating the Government of the United States. However in his explanation to the effect that he is going to explain, there are statements sufficiently suggestive to cause serious thinking and care-ful watching on the part of all who care for true American liberty and independence. Having failed to preserve peace in .the interests of papal power and revenue, his plan is next to make the war turn to the credit of the papacyŠand especially to the power of the papacy over the United States. The scheme announced in behalf of the archbishop and en-dorsed by "one high diplomat," before the war was actu-ally begun, is as follows:Š "He [Archbishop Ireland] expects to bring about a 