AMERICAN SENTINEL. 471 produced, in whose hearts he will dwell by faith, so that each one of them, like himself, may "be tilled with all the fulness of God " Eph. 3:17-49. These gathered ones constitute the church of Christ, which, as a whole, is "the fulness of him that filleth all in all." Eph. 1:22, 23. So while the true theocracy is first of all in the heart of indi-viduals who day by day sincerely say to their heavenly Father, "Thine is the kingdom," the multitude of them that believeŠthe churchŠwhen perfectly joined together in the same mind by the Holy Spirit, constitutes the only true theocracy that has ever existed in this earth. When the church is apostate, it seeks by alliances with the world, by assuming kingly power, to exhibit a theocratic form of government, but it is only a counterfeit form, with no divine power, whereas God's true followers, few in number, and scattered throughout the world, and un-known to the nations, furnish an example of a real the ocracy. Through the prophet who opened his mouth to curse, but who instead uttered blessings, God said of his people Israel, "The people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." Num. 23:9. The people of God are in the world, not of it, for thepurpose of show-ing forth the excellency of Him who has called them out of darkness. But this they can do only as God is ac-knowledged as supreme. The church is the kingdom in which God rules alone, and all its power is his power, its only law God's law of love. It is God's voice alone that it hears and follows, and it is God's voice alone that speaks through it. New Jersey's Sunday Law in Court. FOUR members of the Arlington, N. J., baseball club, were, on the 16th inst. tried in the Criminal Court in Jersey City, for alleged violation of the "Vice and Immo-rality" Act, the offense being that of Sunday ball playing. The trial is thus described:Š "The defendants were playing ball on the previous Sunday, and were arrested by Captain McKaig and De-tective Holtic at the instigation of the Rev. T. J. Kom-mers, pastor of the Lafayette Reformed church. They are members of the Arlington baseball club, which has inclosed grounds near the Reformed church, and they played in the presence of the officers for the purpose of being arrested and making a test case. "Captain McKaig admitted that the Rev. Mr. Kom-mers had walked to the station on Sunday to make the complaint. " 'Why didn't you arrest him for violating the law?' asked Lawyer Speer. " .11e didn't vioiate any law,' answered the captain. `Don't you know that it is a violation of the law to travel on Sunday except in a case of necessity or charity?' .1 do not.' "Lawyer Speer read the statute, which provides 'that no traveling, worldly employment, or business, ordinary servile labor or work, either upon land or water (works of necessity or charity excepted), nor shooting, fishing,  sporting, hunting, gunning, racing, or frequenting of tip-pling house, or any interludes or plays, dancing, singing, fiddling, or any music for the sake of merriment, nor any playing at football, fives, ninepins, bowls, long bullets or quoits, nor any other kind of playing sports, pastimes, or diversions shall be performed, used, or practised by any person or persons within this State on the Chris-tian sabbath or first day of the week, commonly called Sunday.' "The jury, after deliberating four hours, was unable to agree upon a verdict, and was discharged." AN evidently timid sisterŠbut a warm friend of the SENTINELŠwrites:Š "I like the SENTINEL. ft's the best paper of its kind I know of. I would like to get some to take advantage of your special offer on it but I don't know who would like to subscribe." To all who find themselves in this situation, wewould kindly suggest that they follow Job's example: "The cause which I knew not I searched out." Connecticut's Sunday Law. ACCORDING to reports sent us from some Connecticut journals, the new Sunday law in that State will not in most places be rigidity enforced. In Meriden, it is said, the law will remain practically a dead letter, owing to the difficulty of determining what are works of "mercy or necessity." This is certainly a just view of the statute. Even were it no infringement of religious freedom, it would still be void on the ground of indefiniteness. It does not undertake to specify what acts are to be classed as works of "mercy or necessity," and the individual is left without authority on the subject other than his own best judgment; which under such circumstances no per-son ought to be punished for using. 9-s It Makes a Difference. Popular Preacher.ŠIt makes no difference which day you observe as the Sabbath, so that you observe one day in seven. Thelourth commandment does not specify the seventh day of the week. Sunday Law.ŠAllow me to make one correction. It makes no difference what day, provided that day be "the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Popular Preacher.-0h,Šwhy,Šyes; of course; that is what I meant. You know I am always one of your staunch supporters. TOMMYŠPa, the Chinese invented gunpowder, didn't they ? MR. FIGGŠYes ; but it never really amounted to much for killing purposes until the Christian nations took hold of it.ŠIndianapolis Journal. 