214 IHAL-LICAINT Vol,. 8. No. 27. ligion he may please, and put any inter-pretation he may choose upon his creed, if he has one. But he has no right either constitutionally or morally to decide that his religion is the religion of the Nation. When Justice Brewer, representing the people, clothed with judicial power re-ceived from the people, goes so far as to accept the old pagan idea that a ruler or judge is "the guardian of public morals," and decides that " this is a Christian Nation," thus saying that this religion is the religion of the Nation, to the exclusion of all others; he transcends the powers granted to him by the people, usurps rights and powers retained by the people, and makes an image to that Church and State despotism which has cursed the world for ages. The very first quotation which Justice Brewer gave to prove his position, was from Catholic authorities. Now his decision that " this is a Christian Nation," and his arguments, give an op-portunity for the Catholic Church to come in and claim the country by virtue of the precedence of their church, their religion, over all others. And thus will be inaug-urated a strife for power on the part of Protestants on the one hand, and the Catholic Church on the other, such as was never seen since the Dark Ages. Already is seen evidences of the coming struggle. Soon, very soon, "old controversies which have apparently been hushed for a long time will be revived, and new controver-sies will spring up; new and old will commingle, and this will take place right early." " The storm is gathering, the clouds are loading, ready to burst upon the world." And none will be more sur-prised than Protestants of this Nation when they see how they have paved the way for the subversion of all our country's rights, to the power of Rome, the foe of all our free institutions.ŠH. F. Phelps, in Mankato (Minn.) Ledger. R. H. MCDONALD, of San Francisco, publishes this in one of his monthly tracts:Š California alone, of the forty-four States and four Territories of the United States, is the only one without some form of a Sunday, or one day in seven as a legal rest day. Do not your cheeks tingle with shame when you think of this? To Dr. McDonald's question, the San Francisco Examiner makes this apt re- ply :Š My good man, they do not. Following the com-mandment, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," I fail to find the words, " Governments shall have power to enforce this article by appro-priate legislation." It is strange that all men cannot see the incongruity of Sunday laws. THERE is much truth in the following paragraph from the Nashville Christian Advocate, of June 15 :Š Nothing is more protean than the spirit of selfish-ness; it takes on a thousand forms and guises. Many people are saturated with it who imagine themselves to be perfect models of generosity. It is not identical with the greed for money, or place, or pleasure, though it frequently manifests itself as covetousness, as ambition, and as sensuality. The essence of it consists in the determination to have one's own way, without regard to the wishes and rights of other people. These words are exactly descriptive of those professing Christians who are clam-oring for Sunday laws. The Sunday movement is selfish throughout. The ministers think nothing of other people's rights so long as their pet day is exalted. The Advocate truthfully says the essence  of selfishness " consists in the determina-tion to have one's own way, without regard to the wishes and rights of other people." Why does not the Advocate practice what it preaches? In an editorial in the same issue it attempts to justify the State in passing Sunday laws on civil grounds,Šbecause man requires a weekly rest-day. The right to rest at a certain time belongs alone to the individual. Sunday laws, on whatever plea, interfere with the rights of some, and therefore those who ask for them are selfishness itself. They are Christian only in name. IT has suddenly been discovered that the island of Trinidad is very much in need of a Sunday law, and the Governor has been requested by petition to furnish one. One enthusiastic advocate of the measure, writing to the Trinidad News, says :Š A large majority of the population, Mr. Editor, are in favor of whole day closing on Sunday, and it is to be hoped the authorities will lose no time, as soon as the petitions are presented, in passing and carrying into effect the ordinance to make Sunday what it should beŠa day of rest and holiness. Mark the closing words of the quota-tionŠthis gentleman wants Sunday made a day of holiness by ordinance ! Another correspondent of the same paper declares: We believe the whole scope of Christian ethics is to distinguish the Lord's day from the Jewish Sab-bath. Of course he wants Sunday, but not in the same way some others do. His is however a rather narrow view of Chris-tian ethics. The News itself favors the proposed ordinance on civil grounds, though admit-ting that " in some respects of the case it certainly is a religious question." The News thinks that " the desire of the pro-moters of the movement is simply to ren-der it easier for those who wish to spend the day in worship to do so." It is the old plea to have the cross and the self-denial eliminated from the Christian re-ligion by act of Parliament ! As the Mail and Express puts it, the Attorney-General of this State has de-cided that " the State Fish and Game Law Commission must prevent Sabbath dese-cration." The section of the Penal Code to which the Attorney-General refers pro-vides thatŠ All shooting, hunting, fishing, playing, horse racing, gaining or other public sport, exercises or shows upon the first day of the week, and all noise disturbing the peace of the day, are pro-hibited. The Attorney-General says it is the duty of the State Commission and its officers to see that this provision is not violated so far as it relates to hunting and fishing. Whose duty it is to see that no-body takes any public exercise is not stated. THE Signs of the Times says : " If the Sabbath is to be enforced as a hygienic measure, for the good of the public health, why not regulate by law the hours of sleeping and waking? A certain amount of sleep is requisite to health. If a law of rest for one demands a law of rest for all for one day in the week, why is not that just as true concerning the hours of the day? Sunday or Sabbath laws from every standpoint would be a roaring farce were it not for the possible persecution and necessary wickedness involved in them," AT a union meeting held in the Hebron, Pa., Lutheran Church, on the 18th ult., a paper was adopted, without a dissenting voice, part of which is given here :Š It is with profound sorrow and sense of humilia-tion that we have heard of the decision of the Ap-pellate Court declaring the gates of the Columbian Exposition open on the Sabbath. We deplore this action and utter our solemn protest against the pro-fanation of the holy day for purposes of gain that is contemplated. We recognize the fact that the struggle on behalf of the Sabbath in this country is not ended, and we pledge ourselves anew to do what lies in our power to maintain and defend the law of the Lord in regard to a day of rest. Is it ignorance or is it wilfulness on the part of these people? They pledge them-selves anew to do what lies in their power to maintain and defend the law of the Lord, and yet they violate his law week after week. They work on the Sabbath enjoined in the Decalogue, and observe another day. These same people, when told that the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment is still binding upon Christians, will tell us that the law is abolished. This is inconsistent. Christians can never be the means of converting unbelievers so long as they are not consistent in their teachings. THERE is quite a general protest in the United States against the clause in the treaty with Russia, which binds the Ameri-can Government to extradite refugees accused of attempts on the life of the Czar, since the expression of an opinion adverse to the Government is in Russia construed as an attack on the Czar. But those who protest do not seem to realize that such an action on the part of the United States Government is exactly in line with the principles which many of them are advocating. Where the free exercise of religion is prohibited by law, there can be no freedom of any kind; and the United States is getting an unenvi-able notoriety in the line of interfering with religion. When, as in Tennessee, grand juries interrogate children and women as to what is said in religious meetings, in order that they may bring an indic‚ment against God-fearing men, it is no wonder that sympathy should be manifested with Russian oppression.ŠPresent Truth, Lon-don, England. -40- A NATIONAL Reform paper, The- Theo-crat, published at Johnstown, Pa., is very much disturbed because the World's Fair is open on Sunday; and blaming wicked editors, that is, editors who do not agree with The Theocrat, for the present dilapi-dated condition of governmental religion, our contemporary loses its temper and says :Š Ungodly editors may rejoice because iniquity triumphs, but they should not forget that when their bodies are rotting in the grave and their souls ate writhing in the torments of hell, that the truth of God will go marching on until the devil and all his followers shall be entirely overcome. Now, this shows bad theology as well as bad temper, and both are very far from becoming in Christians. Peter and John were rebuked by their divine Master for wishing him to call down fire upon his enemies; but The Theocrat would do worse than call fire down upon those who do not agree with it upon the question of Sunday observance; it would consign them to the torments of the " orthodox " hell. The wish is father to the thought, and shows that the average National Reformer is a good man not to trust with power to punish " h eretics," 