162 AMERICAN SENTINEL. perfectly adapted for man's spiritual, mental and phys-ical welfare; and, as God has made it, it is the same to-day. If people do not observe it, they lose the good of it, but thby get no hurt from it. If they are against it, it is still not against them. It is for them, whether they observe it or not. But men have made Sabbath laws from which vastly different results have come. They have used the force-of the civil power to fit men to the Sabbath; not the true Sabbath, either, but their human idea of the Sab-bath. If men did not want to conform to it, they were forced to do so. Where the human being did not fit to the institution set up by the religious majority, the state applied pressure to the human being until the fit was declared satisfactory. If men do not observe God's Sabbath as his law directs, that law does not interfere with them. They lose the great good they would have gained from keep-ing it, but their liberty is not restricted and no penal-ties are put upon them. They are not coerced into anything. But if they fail to observe man's Sabbath al; man's law directs, they are arrested, imprisoned, fined, put in chain gangs, and in other ways punished until they conform themselves to the Sabbath concep-tion which the majority have set up. God's Sabbath is like a mantle of glory and beauty given to man, which he may put on if he will; but the Sabbaths of the state laws are like a mold into which men must put themselves or be put; and if they do not fit the mold, they are hammered by the law until they are forced into it, at whatever sacrifice or injury to themselves. All this is wholly contrary to God and to the pur-pose of the Sabbath. All such laws ought to be abol-ished. If men will not make the Sabbath a blessing to themselves, let it not be made a curse to them by the mistaken zeal of those who would make their refusal a crime to be punished with the pains and penalties of the criminal code. PROBABLY the most densely illiberal country in South America is Ecuador. There the priesthood has had absolute sway, and there has been almost no possibility of securing any independent action of any kind; and yet the light is breaking there. The Congress of the republic has prepared a series of laws oh religion and the clergy, in which it lays restrictions upon the church which must be rather novel. The delegates of the pope are to have no right of jurisdiction without previous authority from the executive power, given in accordance with the council of State, and no bull or pontifical order is to be promulgated or executed or considered to have any value whatever without the corresponding exequatur from the executive power. Funeral and parish taxes the church is not allowed to collect. There are restrictions on church property, on  ordination; to the novitiate, etc., which are- very, very signifiCant. The light is' diiviiittg, after all.. ŠN. Y. Indepen-doit---- What We Experience in Turkey. BY Z. G. BAHAMIAN. Thu readers of the SENTINEL remember that a min-ister of the Seventh-day Adventists was recently ban-ished from Malatia to Kharpout. As soon as hereached there it was proposed by the government that he should have a commandment brought from Constantinople High Porte to preach in freedom. However, he, was left free to work in the city. Under his labors an Armenian accepted the truth, and at once began to open his shop on Sunday. The Armenians were offended because of two things; first, that he began to keep theSabbath, so that Sabbath-kpeping took hold in that city; second, that their Sunday was openly desecrated. This man was a shoemaker, and had a companion who was learning the art from him. He found that this man's Sabbath-keeping and Sunday working were con-trary to his religion, but unwilling and unable to be without him, he devised a way to stop this new thing. Several Armenians called on the authorities- to com-plain against the minister, and became successful in banishing him from Kharpout to Eguin. They expected that the shoemaker would go back into his former reli-gion when he was left alone, but it was not so. As soon as the minister arrived at Eguin, the police proposed that he should give a guarantee not to go out of the city and also not to preach the Sabbath. For several reasons he consented, but a few weeks later, after he had consulted with us, wrote two petitions, one to the governor of Eguin, and the other to the Vali of Kharpout. In both of them he presented the principles of religious liberty and the relation of the state to the church, ending with the cutting testimony that he should continue the preaching of the gospel under all circumstances. The Vali of Kharpout at once sent word to the governor of Eguin that he must stop the minister's preaching. The police called the minister and presented Vali's answer, and demanded from him a guarantee not to preach even when he is invited to preach in a Protestant church. The minister refused to comply with the proposition, and was put into jail. We are sure that his bold act surprised the govern-ment and made them think,  about it more soberly. Five days only he was left in the jail. The fifth day the police took him out and, committed him to the Arme-nian bishop, expecting that the bishop's council would withhold him from preaching. The bishop, ignorant of the Bible, told him to refrain from this work. After several minutes' talk, the bishop sent him away in free-dom. Now the minister is free to preach, and a good 