176 TIE .A1VIERICA.N.  SENTINEL,. NEW YORK, MAY 0, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny- one receiving the- AbIERICAN SENTINEL without having, ordered it may knbw that it is Sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rale to Send out no paperS witheut pay in advance, except by special arrangement; therefcire, thoSe who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they .will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it froM the post:office. " Somh Christians serve. God' so tre-mendously on Runday," says Doctor Tal-mage, " that they are cross and crabbed all the week. Doing too many things on Sunday, they do nothing well all the rest of the week.'? And the Doctor might have added truth-fully that as a class such " Christians" are in favor of compelling everyboclY. else,: to Ł " serve God " just as they do, at leaSt so- far as Sunday is concerned.. They are generally those who believe that the -sum of all religion, worth having, is.  in Sunday keeping. ŁOF prayers prayers in Congress, the Christian Salesman remarks ;Š " If the silence of the national Constitution as to religion is to be construed as a deliberate and inten-tional renunciation of all religion by the American Nation, then such prayers, or any prayers, in Con- gress,- or in any State Legislature, are an imperti-nence and an anachronism, and ought to be abol- ished." That deduction is perfectly logical, and the logic ought to be turned into a fact. Chaplaincies in Congress, in State Legis-latures, the army, etc., are an imperti-nence and an anachronism. They are a relic of the hierarchal rule of the Middle Ages, and ought to be abolished. Legally, chaplains are unconstitutional loafers; physically, however, they are strictly con-stitutional loafers. Ł THE Sabbath Advocate, of Stanberry, Missouri, says that " the present tendency on the part of the people of this Nation is to put down everything that tends to unite Church and State, and consequently Mr. Blair is having poor success in his Sunday legislation. Too vividly does the past come up before us to tolerate such without a struggle. We say down with everything of such tendencies. Christianity can stand without a union with the State." If the ed-itor of the Advocate would take the Con-gressional Record and note carefully the number of petitions presented both in the Senate and House in favor of a national Sunday law he would not feel quite so confident as he seems to that 11/Ir. Blair may not after all be ultimately successful in his efforts to secure religious legis-lation. The friends of a national Sun-day law are making a " still hunt," but they are doing effective work, and if the advocates of religious liberty suppose that  there is no danger they are simply deceiv-ing themselves. But what the Advocate says;  llustrates the-situation exactly. The great danger to- religious liberty in this country is due in a large measure to the indifference of the people. The great ma- jority think that there is, and can be no' danger; and at least a large minority care not a straw whose liberty is infringed- so long .as they are not affected. They fail to realize that the only safety for any class is in jealously guarding the' rights of all alike. THE' bill which recently passed the Sen-ate forbidding the sale of intoxicating liquors in the- District, of Columbia on Sunday, was for a time prevented from passing, by Senator Blair, who desired to have it amended. Finally, however, 'Mr. Blair withdrew his-  objection to its pas-sage, _saying This particular bill, it seems to be thought, is very good in the way of spoon-victuals, and I do not feel inclined to be an Obstacle to the enactment, of what-soever good there may be in it into a law. It is well to provide for the observance of the Sabbath. And so it appears that Senator Blair agrees with us that Sunday-closing laws are in the interests, not of temperance, but of Sunday observance. That bill ought to be killed, and we hope the House of Representatives will do it. IN the course of a speech to the Senate in introducing a bill to repeal laws providing for the retirement of army and other offi-cers, delivered in the Senate of the United States, April 23, Senator Reagan, of Texas, said :Š It seems to me we can only account for the crea-tion of privileged classes in this country, on the hypothesis that it is the result of a skillfully devised plan of those in this country who contemn the po-litical doctrines of the illustrious Mr. Jefferson and his followers, who seek by this means to subvert our Federal system of States with reserved rights, and of people with reserved liberties, and on the wreck of this system to establish a strong, consoli-dated, centralized Government with power to repress and control the popular will, and, in the interest of the few, to establish a Government of force and coercion in the place of our present democratic Government based on the consent and agreement of the people and States. In these words, Mr. Reagan has ex-pressed the greatest danger which threat-ens this commonwealth, and one which has already passed its inception. THE assumption of police power over the State by the Legislature of Massachu-setts for the enforcement of the Sunday-closing of saloons, and the earnest effort made by the supporters of that measure to proselyte other States to the same dangerous policy, is still another evi-dence of the decided trend of-the so-called " reformers " to\vard paternalism in Gov- ernment. Ł Mr. Dudley, of Boston,- said, in the Sunday Convention, held in Washington last winter : "Massachusetts determined to  take it into her own hands to enforce her own laws and to control the police force; but in Boston was shown the force of the lawŠthe power behind it. . . . It has been claimed that this is an interference with the local government, but it is not. Fifty-nine out of every sixty of these con-victions are for violations of the Sunday laW, and only one for a violation of the city law." Thus is shown the growing tendency to place the powers which are legitimately municipal :in character, in the hands of the Legislatures, and those which should be in the province of the Legislature solely, to the general Congress. And so they would usher in the age of Bellamy-ismŠnot only " looking backward," but actually going backward, politically, in an attempt to establish the " United Pa-triarchate of America." THE mischief of Sunday laws is again illustrated by a case out in Indiana. Mr. C. W. Cook keeps a hotel at New Haven. Some time ago he allowed the agent of the Toledo Automatic Cigar Company to put up on the outside of his house one of those little machines into which one drops a nickel and gets a cigar. On Sunday April 20, somebody dropped a nickel into the thing, got a cigar and smoked it. Mr. Cook knew nothing about it, had nothing to do with the machine himself, nor has he any of the profits of it at all, but simply allowed the owner of it to place it there, yet he was prosecuted for Sunday desecration. A change of venue was secured, and the case was tried in Ft. Wayne. After de-liberating all night the jury brought in a verdict of guilty with a fine of one dollar and costs, and the costs amounted to over fifty dollars. This well illustrates the value of Sun-day laws. All they are worth, or that they ever were worth; is simply to give a chance to meddlesome bigots to pester, or vent their spite upon, their neighbors. This is the only earthly thing that Sun-day laws are used for now, and it is the only thing they ever will be used for; and if the Sunday-law advocates get the laws enacted which they so long for, this sim-ply illustrates hi. a very mild way, what will be the fruit of them. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious, It will, ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year 75c  To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 55. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW Yoart. 