AMERICAN SENTINEL. 779 history, anyway, and we're so anxious to pass well, so we don't miss our trip." Robert and Charlie had been promised a trip to Paris,  another year, with their fathers, who were part-ners in business, if they passed well in their studies. Of course this naturally added not a little to their ambi-tion. The boys and girls were to meet at three o'clock in the class-room, and Professor Carman promised them a, half hour's study. "Don't you think it's a nice plan, Charlie?" said Rob, the next day. "We get that extra, you see, and we'll en-joy our trip as well again if we understand lots about the country." Three o'clock came at last, and Professor Carman was pleased to see so many bright-eyed lads and lassies before him, for he had told them that they might act their pleasure about attending. "I did not think," said the professor, smiling genially at the group before him, "to meet with so many boys and girls this afternoon. I had feared that but few would care to stay for further study after the regular study hours were over, but I hope you will learn to look for-ward to this hour as one of the most pleasant and profit-able, of your school life. You will please feel perfectly free t any time to ask a question, indicating your wish to do so by raising the hand. After a time, perhaps we will ask those who feel so disposed, to write short essays on the subject in hand. "How many of my boys and girls can tell me the name of ancient. France?" "Gaul," was the quick response of half a dozen eager voices at once. "Right. A great many years before Christ that was the name of the country. The inhabitants at that early date were very wild and uncultivated; and clothed as they were in the skins of wild animals, they might almost be mistaken for them. They were a warlike race, and they used the skulls of their enemies for drinking cups. The country was also filled with many wild animals. The people were thought to have sprung from the fierce Celtic race, which lived in Central Asia. "To-day France is such a pretty country, with its orchards and beautiful vineyards, that it does not seem as if it ever could have been the home of wild, uncultured people, who cared so little about their personal appear-ance that they did not even comb their hair, which must have given them a very wild look. "Now, children," said the teacher, pointing to the map on the wall, "I have brought a fine, large map of Europe, and hung it here, where you can all see it; be-cause one ought never to study history without a map at hand. The city of Marseilles was first called Massilia, and was settled by Greeks from, an Asiatic town, Phocea, about 600 years B. c. These barbarians, I mean the early inhabitants of Gaul, were wonderfully warlike, and used often to trouble their more civilized neighbors. Espe-cially were they a great menace to Italy, and upon more  than one occasion these lawless people set fire to the city of Rome. "You will remember that the Apostle Paul wrote one of his epistles to Galatia, a country in Asia Minor, which was settled by these people. The Romans pronounced a curse upon any one who should undertake to cross the Alps, which, they declared, was a natural dividing line between Gaul and Italy. Yet after a while, they did this very thing themselves. They were anxious to add to their territory the pleasant region of France which has Marseilles, or Massilia, for its center. This they succeeded in doing about one hundred and fifty years before Christ. Meanwhile the Gauls quarreled so among themselves, that some of them called for aid from among the Ger-mans. This caused immense numbers of people from beyond the Rhine to flock down into Gaul, so that the inhabitants were really between two fires,Šthe Romans on one hand, and the Germans on the other. It is at about this time that Julius Cmsar appears in connection with the people of Gall. He succeeds inputting the fierce German chieftain to flight, and possessing himself of the land under dispute. The inhabitants, after some desper-ate struggles, submitted to the Roman yoke. But the Romans had not learned the first blessed lesson of kind-ness to those who were weaker than themselves, and I fear they never learned it,Šor certainly did not practice it. They were very cruel to those whom they had reduced to slavery, and they would often put to death the entire inhabitants of a conquered city,Šmen, women, and even helpless children. "I see Jennie Jacobs has her hand raised." "Yes, sir; I notice then that in these real early times the disposition of the strong to torment the weaker and make it hard for them, was just the same as it is to-day." "Yes, Jennie, I am glad you mentioned this point, but now as our time is up, I will close by quoting a little verse to the point, which I wish you would all learn:Š " thus that man to man behaves Witness the planter and his slaves, 'Tis thus that state oppreses state. And civil freedom meets its fate.' " MRS. L. D. A VERY-STUTTLE. To one who would trust to the "enlightened spirit of the nineteenth century" to preserve the interests of man-kind from the disasters which overtook them in the Mid- dle Ages, there is food for thought in the follOwing words of Bishop Doane, of the Protestant Episcopal diocese of Albany, N. Y.:Š "Ill suited as the creation of a papacy seems to be to the temper and spirit of this age, we cannot close our eyes to the fact that the most violent papal claim ever made was made, not in the days of feudalism and pater-nalism, but in our own days, at the Vatican Council, by a body of bishops, many of whom live in free countries and under constitutional government in various forms. The papacy has developed its intensest papelism in the latter half of our own century." 