TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 213 day, why do the advocates of such legis-lation not ask that the day be made a legal holiday, and that employers be re-quired to pay double wages for all work done upon that dayŠwith the provision also - that a claim for such extra wages shalll-never outlaw, and that no agreement on the part of an employee shall be a bar to the collection of Such wages ? Such a law would' stop all the unnecessary Sun-day work now carried on, and give work-ing people every advantage that they could justly claim on the score of a right to rest,.; and at the same time lt would leave all who wish to labor on their own ac-count free,to do so, as they are not now in some States. But no law whatever is eally necessary to secure to every man the right to rest. While upon the Pacific Coast, a few weeks since, Mr. Crafts was asked if a Satiirday law was not necessary to protect the :Jew in the religious observance of the seventh day. Mr.. Crafts replied: " It is not ?sufficiently emphasized: that the Jew is left absolutely free' to observe the sev-enth day. - He can close his shop; he can refuse to work." Mr. Crafts is quite right in this answer; but it is just,  as true of the Sunday keeper: he can refuse to work. If the demand was as general as Mi. Crafts would have us believe,, men would strike for Sunday rest just as they now do for shorter hours and higher wages. But nobody ever heard of a strike against Sunday work. But Mr. Crafts, ' though professedly working fora civil law for the protection of.a civil rest day, is not content to place the seventh-day observer and the first-day observer upon the same footing as regards the law.-  He not only wants to provide that nobody shall be compelled to work upon the first day, but that nobody shall be. perrnitted to work upon 'that day, with these exceptions : " We concede," says he, " that three exceptions must be madeŠfor labors of necessity, mercy, and for those who keep Saturday, the latter to work behind closed doors." But why behind closed doors, Mr. Crafts ? If the law is only for the protection of labor, only to prevent men from being compelled to work on Sunday, why provide that those who want to work upon that day shall do it behind closed doors ? There can be but one reason, namely, to place Sunday work under the ban of the law, and merely tolerate it just .as Protestant worship is tolerated in some of the South American countries, behind high walls and in build-ings not having any outward resemblance to churches. Referring to Mr. Crafts' Work, the Den-ver.News, of June 17, well says :Š Itneeds'no analysis to see the drift of the legisla-tion: he advocates. HO would have the civil power enforce a religious conception Of Sunday observ-ance, save that he would.forego compulsory attend-ance at church. One fact is, that look at the matter from  whatever point of view you will, the real design of Sunday laws is to protect and honor the day, not to protect the men who might otherwise labor upon that day. This fact is " not sufficiently em-phasized ; " indeed, it is even denied by the American Sabbath Union. C. P. B. Unique Legislation. THE last clause of the Blair Sunday-rest Bill, is worded as follows :Š Nor shall the provisions of this act be construed to prohibit or sanction labor on Sunday, by individ-uals who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath, or a day of religious worship, provided that such labor be not done to the disturbance of others. This is unique. No such legislation as this was ever before offered in this coun-try. The restrictions of the Bill, if passed, would bear upon all persons within the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress,Šthe District of Columbia, the Territories,. ships on the high seas, military and naval sta- tions, military and naval service ; the postal service, and those engaged in inter-state commerce and trade with the Indians. The influence of such a measure would not be as circumscribed as some of its pro-moters would have us think. Its restric-tions upon the postal service, and inter-state commerce, would cause its effects to be seen, and its results manifested in every corner of the land. Those who planned it, well know this, and have worked accordingly. But from the effects of this far-reaching law, they make an os-tensible exception. What is it ? It spec-ifies a certain class of people, who are characterized in the bill, as " individuals who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday, as the Sab-bath or a day of religious worship," and declares that, as regards them, the bill is non-committal. Concerning this class, it withdraws its prohibition, but at the same time refuses its sanction. As regards them, it refuses to legislate. These people who " conscientiously be-lieve," etc., are therefore thrown outside the pale of the law. They are ignored in the laws of the United States. They are out-laws. There is something so darkly mys-terious in their case, that Congress cannot acknowledge their existence, but must deny itself to them utterly, either in favor or displeasure. But who is it that thus assumes to ask for the outlawry of a body of American citizens ? It is a number of men who form the nucleus of a party known as the Na-tional Reform Association, and who deny their own citizenship, and refuse to exer-cise their right of suffrage. This Govern-ment, and the people (who are the Gov-ernment), should consider whether " con-scientious" citizens who obey the law, pay their taxes, and value their franchise, using it for the benefit of their country, should be scorned and outlawed, at the  demand of a few men who are aliens by choiceŠvoluntary aliens, because the great founders of this republic were too intelli-gently and profoundly reverent to embody the name of God in the civil document upon which the polity of this Nation is based. Shall the Congress of the United States say of any person or any class of persons within its jurisdiction, " We wash our hands of you; " " We neither prohibit nor sanction your acts;" " We deliver you up to the Committees of One Hundred, to the. Law-and-Order leagues, and to the White Caps " ? If this can be accom-plished by a demand from such a source, who governs this country ? and who may not come next under the ban of outlawry ? H. M. Bellamyism In Fact. THE following bill has been introduced in the United States Senate by Senator Plumb, of Kansas :Š Be it enacted, that the President of the United States shall forthwith issue a call addressed to all citizens of this republic over twenty-one years of age, inviting them to serve in the grand army of labor of this republic for not less than one day, under the following terms and conditions ; First, the hours of labor shall not exceed four hours per day for more than five clays in each week, nor more than six successive weeks without an intermission of two weeks; second the rate of wages shall be four dollars per day, and be payable weekly, in the declaratory, full legal tender, silk-threaded, green-back, paper money of the United States of America exclusively. SECTION 2. That an Executive Department of Labor be and is hereby established, and the office of Secretary of the Department of Labor, at a salary of $4 per day, is hereby created, for the purpose of enabling the said President to rapidly commission and assign said volunteers to duty in the public service, where their abilities will reflect credit upon themselves ; and it is hereby distinctly provided that the tenure of office in said service shall be held exclusively at the pleasure of the said volunteer, and not, as heretofore, at the pleasure of some spoilsman who may happen to hold a commission issued by the President of the United States or other officer thereof. SECTION 3. That the money necessary to carry the provisions of this act into effect, be, and is hereby appropriated out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, and in case there shall be no money in Łsaid treasury, then it shall be the duty of the Treasurer of the United States to inform the Secretary of the treasury of that fact, and he shall at once cause a sufficiency thereof to be prepared and covered into the Treasury for said purpose. SECTION 4. That all laws, and parts of laws, in conflict herewith, be, and are hereby repealed, and this act shall take effect when approved. That is Bellamyism, otherwise called Nationalism, reduced to legal form. Of course so far as Senator Plumb is con-cerned this is only a " take off ; " but as for Bellamyism it is the genuine article set in statutory phrase. Nothing more than this is expected to be done with the bill; but it is worth something to have Mr. Bel-lamy's extravaganza reduced, to a definite proposition and put into plain every-day English. We should like to see Mr. Bel-lamy or any who holds his fancy, either advocate or oppose it. 