VoL. 11, No. 49. 388 the government to make it easy to do right and hard to do wrong." (3) " That the followers of Christ must unite to secure these high ideals." She urged that each State, county and local organization create a " Christian Cit-izenship" department, or cooperate with such leagues and organizations and push the work until the forces that make for right-eousness shall be more than those that make for evil. This department is to be brought to " bear upon the great evils of the day such as re-stricted or lax suffrage, the unfair or corrupt caucus, the nomination of unchristian candi-dates, the failure to execute laws, the viola-tion of the Sabbath [Sunday] as a public rest day, and the various social laws that may exist around us." " The spirit of this de-partment stands unflinchingly for political as well as individual righteousness." Miss Willard said that " St. Louis is the city in which the W. C. T. U. demanded, for the first time, gospel politics.' " "The meeting was in 1884, in the United Presby-terian church, which was opened to the W. C. T. U. when most other churches did not open." Again she said, " I claim that this great movement of Christian Citizenship' had its birth in the little Presbyterian church in St. Louis in 1881." Some features of the convention were good ; but in the main the effort was toward secur-ing religion by law. S " LOOK UP YOUR LAWS." So speaks the Christian Endeavorer to its readers in its issue for the present month. "We suggest to Christian Citizenship com-mittees," it says, "that they look up the laws of the several States and make a list of the laws on the books that are continuously broken. For example, most of the States of the Union have laws against swearing on the streets. In Chicago there are a few arrests every year under this law, but it is not gen-erally known that there is such a law. There is also a law making it a special offense to deface buildings used for public worship. The penalty is stronger than the ordinary penalty for defacing property. There is a fund'amental law in every State in the Union against disturbing public worship. In some States this law embraces whispering, shuffling of feet and any loud noise during services. This law can be used to prevent playing of music as processions pass churches, etc." This suggestion omits mention of the "sabbath laws" which are upon the statute books of nearly all the States; but there is no danger that they will be overlooked in the search for unenforced laws. They stand out too prominently for that. Then there are some other unenforced "laws" that might be mentioned, as for instance that among the statutes of the District of Columbia, enacted in 1723, which provides that any person who should "wittingly, maliciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking," "deny our Saviour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God," or "deny the Holy Trinity," "or the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the God-head," "and shall be thereof convicted by verdict, or confession, shall for the first of-fense be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling;" and for the second offense "shall be stigmatized by burning in the forehead with the letter B, and fined forty pounds sterling;" and for the third offense, "suffer death without the benefit of the  clergy." There are still others that might be mentioned, but it can safely be left to the vigilance of the Christian Citizenship com-mittees to rescue them from Ł their oblivion and see that they are duly enforced. Yes; hunt up all the obsolete laws on the statute books of all the States and have them enforced. That will be truly "Christian" work! The very fact that they have lapsed into "innocuous desuetude" is evidence of their prime importance! Doubtless a little patient research in this line will be rewarded by rich discoveries. NOT GOD'S GOVERNMENT. [Minneapolis Times, Nov. 5, 1896.] SOME time ago when the Times asserted, in response to a correspondent's inquiry, that this is not a Christian government, it ex- pected that the assertion would be accepted as a statement of unquestionable fact. Much to its surprise, there was considerable resent- ment expressed by several persons who can write very good English, at what they con-ceived to be a slur both on the government and on the Christian religion. Of course, it is not necessary to say that nothing of the kind was intended. But if this was God's government, as some who are trying to be religious seem to think, who would be His authorized mouthpiece with authority to declare his infallible will ? That is always the question when any element in the community declares that the rest must be governed by the will of God. And it will be generally found that every theocrat re-gards himself as in some way specially com-missioned to speak for the Almighty, and so have his own way with those who have not been favored as he thinks he has been. The question of who is to be the special representative of the Divinity in the control of the sword and shackles of the State is as old as the desire to oppress. It has existed since the beginning of history, and has caused more bloodshed than all other questions com-bined. In this country the attempt was made to give the same answer to it that the Christian religion gives. In the spirit of the Christian religion the American people, at the start, assumed full responsibility for all blunders and crimes of government committed or to be committed during its existence. They denied God's responsibility for the ignorance and viciousness that prevent government from being the safeguard of complete liberty. They denied that any man or any number of men could, of right, proclaim the law of God to bind the rest. They denied that any king or oligarchy, or any majority, exercised a divine right to govern any person, or to bring about the subjection of any person. They laid the foundations of this Government in the spirit of the German hymn of freedom, which declares that "The God who made earth's iron hoard Scorned to create a slave!" The maxim that " the voice of the people is the voice of God," did not obtain with the people who made the constitutions of the States and the United States. They vested limited power in a majority, not because they believed, or even hoped, that it would be right in everything, or in most things, but because they believed in. the least oppressive method of governmentŠthe least evil where the choice was among evils. In the Declaration of Rights on which all American constitutions are based, it is care- fully set forth that the powers of the govern-ment are derived from the peopleŠnot from God, as was held by the Puritans of New England and as still held by the Mormons. Not until this declaration was made a matter of lasting record was the way cleared for progress; for under the theory of government by divine right the worst abuses were most apt to be specially defended as the ordinances of divine infallibility. This is not God's government, but a gov-ernment of the people. The people, and not God, are responsible for every wrong that is done by law; for every abuse that is perpet-uated by precedent; for every crime that is permitted by power against weakness. God does none of these things as they are done by human governments, and it is sacrilegious to charge him with them. THE CRUSADESŠOLD AND NEW. FOR more than a year the professed Prot-estantism of England and America, in their cry for the blotting out of the Turkish power, have repeatedly cited the Crusaders of the Middle Ages as an example worthy of imita-tion by the "Christian" powers of the world. Some have even called for the stirring up of a crusade to day as those of the Middle Ages were stirred up. And now the Catholic press is using all this in her own favor, as "the strongest vindication of the Crusades of the Middle Ages." A writer in the Forum, for November, wants to see a new crusade raised from among the people as were the former ones; and he wants the Knights Templars and other such orders to be to day the champions of the movement as they were of old. Upon all this the Catholic Standard re-marks that "whether or not the suggestion be put into practice, the very conception of it as a remedy for the American troubles, is the best answer to the modern vilifiers of the Crusades, and shows that those wonderful uprisings of the Christian masses in the Mid-dle Ages were not the wild visionary and fa-natical movements which the nineteenth cen-tury materialist would persuade us they were; but that they had their rise in solid reason and intense humanity as well as in lofty chiv-alry and deep religious fervor." If such a thing as this proposed new crusade should occur, it would simply show that peo-ple to-day are as wild, visionary, and fanati-cal as those of the Middle Ages undoubtedly were; instead of showing that the Crusaders of the Middle Ages were the contrary. It could be no proof that the Crusaders of the Middle Ages were sober and sensible, to see a lot of people to-day acting as wildly and fool-ishly, and murderously, as did they. As for the Crusades of old time having their rise in solid reason and intense humanity, the truth is that they had no connection what-ever with any sort of solid reason; and it would be difficult to find in all history a more inhuman horde gathered from any people making any pretensions to being but few de-grees removed from sheer savagery. It is not necessary here to cite instances: the reader can review his history for these. But it is only the truth to say that in the whole contest distinguished by the Crusades of the Middle Ages the advantage in both humanity and chivalry undoubtedly lay with the Sara-cens and the Turks. If this new crusade should start for the East and by any possibility should reach there, we should expect some of them at least 