342 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Strange If True. "IT may be regarded as a strange fact," said the St. -Louis Globe-Democrat, of March 12, "that at a time when the sentiment of the civilized world is the strongest in opposition to war, and the implements of warfare are most destructive, nearly every nation in existence is making greater preparation for, the exigencies of war than ever before." But is it true that at the present time "the sentiment of the civilized world is the strongest in opposition to war"? Have not recent events proved quite the contrary? Did we not see not only the "civilized world" but the "Christian world" ablaze with the war spirit less than three years ago over the outrages in Armenia? Did we not witness the spectacle of nearly the whole "Christian world," through the various churches, demanding action at the hands of the so-called Christian powers, especially at the hands of England, that would have deluged the world in blood? Was it not indeed churches, synods, ,conferences, etc., that were in the van of the movement in England that well-nigh caused a cabinet crisis in that country because the government was not willing to set the world ablaze with warŠto enter upon a crusade to -drive the hated infidel from the sacred soil of "Christian Europe"? Was not the same spirit again manifest in large measure when "Christian" Greece declared war against infidel Turkey? And in the case of the present war be-tween our own land and Spain, where, north or south, east or west, has even "Christian sentiment", voiced by the churches, been against it? The pope and his prelates were almost alone in their efforts to preserve peace, and their motive was too evident to deceive anybody. So far .as sentiment was concerned they were not able to control or mould that of even their own people; while Protestant pulpits have all the while been ablaze with the war spirit, and thousands of them ring weekly with arguments in justification, if not of war in general, of this war in par-ticular. No it is not true that at the present time "the senti-ment of the civilized world is the strongest in opposition to war." It is, as a secular paper remarked recently, true -that "civilization has not lessened the war spirit in men, it has not made them less ready to fight; it has only changed the reasons for war. Given what appears to men to be an adequate reason for war, and they are as ready to -fight to-day as they ever were." And it might truthfully have been added that the causes which are supposed to justify war are not so very different to-day than they used to be. National honor, territorial extension, the -collection of claims, the protection of citizens, and even revenge for real or fancied wrongs, are still held.  as they have ever been, to be just grounds for war. Even in the present war with Spain, undertaken so -far as Mr. McKinley is concerned, thewriter believes, only for the freeing of Cuba, the mass of the people are moved  far more deeply by a desire for revenge than by motives of philanthropy, and the battle-cry alike on land and sea is, "Remember the ' Maine.' " Dewey's fleet went into action at Manila under the inspiration of these words signaled from the flag ship. The same thing is true of several actions in West Indian waters, and every cracker in an order of over six hundred thousand pounds of hard bread for the army, now being filled in St. Louis, bears and is to bear the same motto of revenge, "Remember the 'Maine.' " Now.the writer believes that Cuba ought to be free and that Spain has by injustice and oppression forfeited all just right to govern that island: he also believes that the destruction of the "Maine" was due to a plot that must have involved Spanish officials, and that the perpe-trators of the crime deserve punishment; but from the Christian standpoint these facts warrant neither individ-uals nor nations in seeking revenge. It is written in the Christian Scriptures, "Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." And let true Christians everywhere say, Amen. The moral of this is that we should not deceive our-selves with the thought that civilization, even "Christian civilization" will ever abolish war. The Scriptures tell us very plainly that the last days of this world's history are to be days of unparalleled strife. And at the same time they tell us the people will be deceiving themselves with the cry of "peace, peace, when there is no peace." ITnex-anipled preparation for war and unparalleled talk of peace,Šmuch-talked of but never materializing sentiment against war,Šare signs of the last days; and their lan-guage to all who will hear is, Get ready for the great day of God ! Get ready! Get ready! GET READY! And the preparation that God would have all men to make is plainly indicated in Zeph. 2:1-3. "The great day of the Lord is near, it is near, and hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the Lord." God help his people every-where to heed the warning, and Get Ready. C. P. B. THE American Review of Reviews gives the following in explanation of the pope's desire for peace so fervently expressed in connection with the Spanish-American con- flict:Š "In the early part of this century the property of the Roman Catholic Church in Spain absorbed a large part of the wealth of the country. In 1820 there were 150,-000 monks and priests in Spain, besides many thousand nuns. At present there are only about 35,000 priests and monks in Spain, and 15,000 nuns. In all the strug-gles of factions and parties in Spain, clericalism has played a large part. In 1835 the success of a particular faction meant the crushing defeat of the clerical party. This led to sweeping confiscatory decrees, and these led to a long quarrel between the Vatican and the Spanish government. This was kept up for nearly a quarter of a cell-Wry, when a new concordat between the Spanish gov-ernment and the pope was established. In harmony with that a large amount of church property was sold 