TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft OD New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 1. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin IS sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 673 which somehow does not reach in all its fullness to the "half-way house" and the winding valley below. So it requires earnest efforts to reach higher attainments in the pursuit of truth. And the nearer we approach to the throne of God, the more we realize his majesty and omnipotence. "The path of the just is as a shining light which shineth more and more unto the perfect day." The idler is not reckonedŠhas no place in God's uni-verse. He has given "to every man his work"Šthe work of glorifying him in every thought and act of life. One cannot afford to rest his eternal interests on the advice and assistance of others. He must push his own wheel-barrow, so to speak. He must become self-reliant; must learn to think for himselfŠ"to think God's thoughts after him," instead of allowing the thoughts of other men to come in and control the acts of his life. It is laudable to pay due respect to those of mature judgment. But there are times in the life of every indi-vidual when decisions must be made upon which depends his future destiny. One cannot afford to risk such weighty matters with even his dearest friends. There is but One in all the universe who can render him advice at such a time, which he may know positively is not mis-taken. "If any man lack wisdom let him ask of God, who giveth to all men liberally." And when one is thus perplexed, not knowing of himself which way to turn, how precious is the promise which has echoed through all the ages, "I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go." The wisdom and instruction which God gives always leads in the right direction; and how precious it is to have him as our counselor in every detail of life's experience. There are crises in human lifeŠturning points which affect the whole after trend. And he who would pass through these experiences with a consciousness that he has been victorious, that he has chosen the way which leads to a blessed eternity, must follow in the divine footprints although surrounded by loving friends who would fain point him to a different way. "There is a way which seemeth right unto a man; but the end thereof are the ways of death." "The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord; and he delighteth in his way." There are social questions and religious questions to be decided by every individual. But "God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape." "Wine is a mocker." Therefore the divine command is, "Look not upon the wine when it is red." But perhaps our dearest friends are wine-drinkers, and urge us to participate with them in the follies of the social glass, knowing full well that "at the last it biteth like a ser-pent, and stingeth like an adder." It is one's God-given right to refuse to follow such dangerous advice. It is his duty at such a time to adhere firmly to what he knows to be right; to "guide his affairs with discretion," Što push his own wheelbarrow no matter how many kind-hearted friends may offer their assistance. By their  being firm to principle, others may be led to abandon the ways of sin. We read again in unmistakable characters, "The seventh day is the Sabbath." But our dear friends tell us, and perhaps sincerely, too, that the first day is the Sabbath; that the Sabbath has been changed. Great men have said so, and it must be true. If we are not careful at such a time, we shall find it most agreeable to encourage a spirit of indifference, and permit our dear friends to guide our wheelbarrow into some by-path di-verging widely from the straight and narrow way. Ah! when God brings us to these cross-roads in the path of life, it is that he may manifest more fully to us his loving care. When he leads us into difficult places, where of ourselves we cannot tell which road to take, it is that we may learn to trust him more implicitly, while we let self and human wisdom sink from sight. The weary tourist would be at a loss to know which path to take were it not for the advice of his faithful guide who is acquainted with every turn in the way. And every pil-grim in the maze of life may have a trusty Guide who knows at all times just which road to take because he has trodden the way before us. It is said that "all roads lead to London;" but only one road leads to the new Jerusalem. With an infallible Guide to direct us, it is hazardous to follow the advice of even our dearest friends, if that advice is not in harmony with the divine Word. God wants every human soul to stand alone with him. And a soul is "never less alone than when he is alone" with God. MRS. M. A. LOPER. ORGAN OF THE International Religious 'liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, Ł $1.00. it 46 Six months, .50 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 