AMERICAN SENTINEL. 3 17 Inquisition or the massacre of St. Bartholomew. The world has seen enough of that sort of thing. Heresy may be provoking and even hurtful, but the Roman Catholic method of suppressing it is repugnant to every sense of right and justice. Because that church still claims "her own lawful power to suppress heresy," we are devoutly grateful that a more just and humane civil power has stepped right in and practically says with LutherŠ"To burn heretics is contrary to the will of the Holy Ghost." A DETROIT (Mich.) judge has granted a mandamus against the use of "Readings from the Bible" in the pub-lic schools of that city. The Michigan Christian Ad-vocate, of May 15, says that this is a point scored by "opponents of the Word of God." But the Word of God itself teaches the equal rights of all classes of people. 1.- 1. 0 Christian Principles and Politics. How can Christian principles be brought to bear upon political life? The question is one that demands an answer, for we are being continually exhorted to at-tend to this as one of our Christian duties. The principles of conduct of the Christian life are, Repentance and confession of sin, and faith in Jesus Christ. The power of God opreating through faith, pro-duces in the life of the believer the "fruits of the Spirit," which are, "Love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." Gal. 5:22, 23. In the Christian life the ever present, overshadowing fact in each case is, "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me" (Gal. 2:20) ; and Christ living in the believer conforms the life perectly to God's standard of righteousness, the Ten Command-ments. This is Christianity; and we are told that this must be brought to bear upon politics. It is built entirely upon repentance, and faith in the Word of God. And we have never yet discovered any principle of politics which necessitate confession of sin, while it is certainly obvious that faith in Jesus Christ may be exercised by persons of any and all political parties, without affecting their po-litical views in the least, save as it may lead them to give up politics altogether. Every principle of Christianity grows out of faith in Christ as the Saviour of man from sin; every step in Christian life must be taken by faith in Christ. But of this faith politics knows nothing. 1. -4-4 4 SUNDAY, May 16, the Cleveland baseball club will make a test of the Ohio Sunday law by attempting to play a game in that city. Chief of Police Abbott was notified that the large crowd which would be present to see the game would be likely to mob the police if the lat-ter interfered with the exhibition, and he replied, "I shat  have an adequate force present to prevent the game, and if necessary the police will be supplemented by the mili-tia." The president of the Cleveland ball team has an-nounced that in case of such interference he will transfer the club to Detroit. You ought to see to it that every Grand Army Veteran in your vicinity has a copy of the spe-cial Sentinel of April 29. We will mail them to your friends at the rate of one cent per copy if you will send names and addresses. C -04- THE "League of American Wheelmen " have put themselves on record as opposed to Sunday bicycling; but it is reported that California and some other Western States are not in harmony with the organization on this point, and may form a league of their own. THE "majesty of the law" was vindicated recently in New York City, it is said, in the following manner:Š "The city of New York wished to get some property for the approach to the new bridge across the East River. The city owns the property, but the only way that it could be obtained for this purpose was for the city to sue itself in condemnation proceedings. This was duly de-cided, the Supreme Court has affirmed it, and the city of New York now pays twenty-nine thousand dollars to it-self for the land." TO OUR PATRONS: 1. write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. O. DIoney Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore nncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF TITS International Religious liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months,   Three " - 23. ADDRESS. ArIERICAN SENTINEL,' 39 Bond Street. New York. 