M.ERICA N SENTINEL. 295 Cyrus, for the record runs: "So this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius (the Median) and in the reign of Cyrus, the Persian." Thus in his loyalty t o God and to God's government first, he could also be loyal to the principle of human government under two forms represented by Darius and Cyrus. Though this loyalty led him to ut-terly refuse to obey the king's decree, and, as a conse-quence to be cast into the den of lions, yet it proved a blessing to the king, the nation and the world. It caused Darius to acknowledge the true God, and to publish his acknowlegment "unto all people, nations, and languages that dwell in all the earth." A most important lesson for the present time should be learned from this experience, viz., That true loyalty to God and his government first, last and all the time is the truest loyalty to human governments. GOVERNMENTS ORDAINED BY GOD. The principle of government originated with and is ordained by God for a purpose, and whether in the nation or in the churchŠtwo distinct fields for its exerciseŠthis principle is to be recognized and respected. But as thusexercised by men as God's agents its recognition is never to supercede the individual recognition of that higher allegiance which every man owes to the author of the principle. Christ and Paul both taught very distinctly that governments should be respected and sustained (see Luke 20:19-26, and Rom. 13:1-7); yet never by precept or example did they teach that such support and recog.. nition should be rendered, either to national or church government, in matters conflicting with any requirement of God upon the individual. The true attitude of the Christian, then, is that of loyalty to God first, and this principle will make him loyal to any government under which he receives benefits and protection just so far as that government requires nothing of him contrary to his personal obligation to his God. This view of loyalty draws a clearly-defined line between civil and religious requirements. In the one we are to respect the governmental authority of men though their requiremc nts may conflict with our personal selfish interests, for this is for the common good of so-ciety, and does not encroach upon our conscientious service to God. In the other, men, no matter what their position or authority, have no right to interfere, and if they do so, true loyalty demands that the individual shall obey God rather than men. Such loyalty will in fact prove better for all concerned, though it may be unjustly adjudged as disloyalty and treason. GOD ALONE INFALLIBLE. It is well to note in this connection that the'same principle holds good whether in respect to government as exercised by a church organization or by a state or-ganization. Both are, as at present constituted, organi-zations of men for a purpose. Both are, however, or-dained of God. Each has a different field, but neither, even in its specified field, is infallible. God alone is that. To him each individual, whether ruler or subject, priest  or layman, has equal access. And when one avails him-self of such access it places him outside and beyond the authority of any man or body of men, either judicial or ecclesiastic, as to matters of conscience in understanding and obeying God's Word. Perhaps no better presentation of the true principle in its application to both the state and the church can be given than the answer of the apostles when forbidden'  to teach in the name of Jesus by the "rulers," "elders," "scribes," and "priests." These men, notwithstanding the fact that at that time the Jews were.under Roman rule, represented, in their relation to the apostles, both the authority of the church and the state. Paul recog-nized such relation later (see Acts 23:4,5; and 28:19). Yet with this relation existing and with a just sense of loyalty to both human and divine authority, Peter and John and the other apostles answered and said: "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more " than to God judge ye. . . . We ought to obey God rather than men." In the time of Christ the Jewish rulers in their blind zeal to support their national and church customs repu-diated, in fact, every principle of true loyalty. In princi-ple it is just as possible now that the same mistake be made by others besides Jews. Christ was the only one truly loyal to the Jewish church and nation when he declared, "Woe unto you, scribes and pharisees, hypo-crites; because ye build the tombs of the prophets and garnish the sepulchers of the righteous and say: If we had been in the days of our fathers we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves that ye be the children of them which killed the prophets." And again, when he told them that it was vain for them to worship God while they were "teaching for doctrine the command-ments of men." This is the kind of loyalty needed today, rather than that pretended and spurious kind which exalts custom, courts the favor of and stands by men and institutions simply for the favor one hopes to receive in return. In the latter there may seem to be present gain, but it will result only in future loss and eternal ruin. In the former may be seeming present loss, but it will prove future gain and eternal salvation. Boulder, Colo. THE sect of the Nazarenes in Hungary is increasing so rapidly that its growth threatens the Austro-Hunga-rian government with an additional burning question. These people, whose tenets with regard to military service and swearing allegiance closely resemble those of the English Friends and the Russian Mennonites, refuse to perform the military duties imposed on them.ŠLiterary Digest. A TRIBE of Christian savages are much to be preferred for all good purposes to a company of savage "Chris-tians." 