THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 3 The answer is plain. Just no right at all. No law which forbids the free exercise of religions which call for human sacrifice,- adultery, or blasphemy, can stand a suit in the Supreme Court of the United States." We have quoted at this length (we might quote more to the same intent) in order that we shall not be accused of not properly pre-senting the speaker. The reader will see that the whole force of his logic and eloquence was brought to bear against the Sixth Article and the First Amendment of the Constitution. Compare with these utterances the words of President Brunot on taking the chair in the same convention. He said:Š " The Sixth Article of the Constitution de-clares that, ' No religious test shall ever be re-quired as,a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States,' and the First Amendment in the Constitution provides that Congress shall make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' We have not proposed to change these. We deem them essential, in con-nection with the amendment we ask, to the preservation of religious liberty, and with it, an effective guard against 'a union of Church and State.'" - No man can possibly harmonize the words of the President with those of the Professor. Had the two speeches been framed for the purpose of deception they could not have better suited the purpose. Mr. Blanchard's speech was made after that of the President, and, as the reporter said, " was frequently greeted with enthusiastic applause." Mr. Brunot confessed that the First Amendment is essential " as an effective guard against a union of church and State." So we believe: But listen once more to Professor Blan-chard on that point:Š " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and, of course Congress establishes a standard for money, weight, and measure. So Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit anything called religion, as it already has the Oneida Community in New York, the Mormons in Utah, and the Joss House in California." This is frank; its intent cannot be misunder-stood. If the words of Mr. Brunot are true,Š if the First Amendment is essential as a guard against the union of Church and State,Šhow can the association deny that its indorsement of Mr. Blanchard's demand that Congress shall make laws to establish -a standard of religion, is a direct demand for a union of Church and State? Congress can make no such law while the First Amendment is in force; but such a law is just what this self-styled " Reform Asso- ciation" demand, and without such a law their object can never be accomplished. BUT our ,special purpose in making these quotations is to point out the errors into which they blindly run on the subjects of religion and morality. The distinction between the two is almost universally acknowledged. We should say it is universally acknowledged if we had not the writings and speeches of these ardent "National Reformers" before us. Professor Blanchard entirely ignored this distinction in the speech from which we have so liberally quoted; and we listened to a speech of Rev. Dr. Milligan in the same convention, in which he cited numerous instances of State interfer- ence in personal action, to justify their demand,  But not a single instance of the many to which he referred had any relation whatever to re-ligion or to religious practices! It was a per- sistent " begging of the question" from be-ginning to end, by reason of his totally disre- garding the difference between morality and religion, and even disregarding the difference between common secular and ecclesiastical mat-ters. They speak and act as if there were no distinction between civil and ecclesiastical gov-ernment; as if the union of Church and State were the normal state of things, to be accepted as a matter of course. THE LETTER OF MR. BLAINE. On this question Hon. J. G. Blaine struck the keynote in his letter of acceptance of the nomination for the presidency. He said:Š " Religious liberty is the right of every citi-zen in the republic. Congress is forbidden by the Constitution to make any law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. For a century un-der this guarantee, Protestant and Catholic, Jew and Gentile, have worshiped God accord-ing to the dictates of conscience. But relig-ious liberty must not be perverted to the justi-fication of offenses against the law. A relig-ious sect, strongly entrenched in one of the Territories of the Union and spreading rapidly into four other Territories, claims the right to destroy the great safeguard and monument of social order and to practice as a religious priv-ilege a crime punished with a severe penalty in every State in the Union. The sacredness and unity of the family must be preserved, as the foundation of all civil governments, as the source of orderly administration, as the surest guarantee of moral purity." Mr. Blaine makes a just distinction between "a religious privilege" and "a crime." Let the reader turn again to the words of Pro-fessor Blanchard and he will see that the Pro-fessor leaves no room whatever for a distinc-tion between religion and crime! Now if the First Amendment of the Constitution read thus: "Congress shall make no law for the suppres-sion of crime, or restraining from the free in- dulgence therein," then the remarks of Pro-fessor Blanchard would contain a pertinent ar- gument. According to the strange method of reasoning adopted by these "reformers," that section of the Constitution of the United States which forbids restraints upon religion, may be turned against every sentence in that instru-ment which refers to the punishment of crime. This is a discovery which no jurist would ever have made; and one which no jurist will ever recognize with respect. It was a just remark of Dr. Watts in saying: "In a proper sense, virtue signifies duty to- ward man, and religion duty toward God." Virtue is here used as the synonym of morality, which is thus defined by Worcester: "Moral goodness; . . . uprightness; morality;Šthe opposite of vice." If this be trueŠand who can deny itŠthen vice may be restrained or punished, and religion be left free. BUT there was one sentence in Mr. Blaine's letter which was not properly guarded. It is as follows: "Like others, the Mormons must learn that the liberty of the individual ceases where the rights of society begin." Rights never come in conflict. Governments are for the preservationŠnot for the deprivationŠof  rights, as our "immortal Declaration" affirms. It truthfully says that " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness " are unalienable rights; unalienable except by crime, for crime has no rights. A criminal may deprive himself of all rights, even of the right to life itself, in which all other rights are couched. The rights of society do not conflict with the liberty of the individual, or, the liberty of the individual does not cease where the rights of society begin. The liberty of the individual only ceases when the rights of society are invaded. And in this we refer only to civil rights, for religious rights are not alienated even by crime, except with the alienation of life itself. By what we have already said our readers will understand that we hero refer to rights which are truly religious; not to the practices of im-morality or vice under the guise of religion, for no such right exists. It cannot exist unless crime has rights, which we again affirm it has not. But even criminals have religious rights with which man may not interfere. As long as God offers pardon to the penitent, so long has the penitent a right to the privileges of re-ligion, without regard to his condition or his attitude toward society. We believe it is quite possible for a man to "sin away his day of grace;" to so sin as to forfeit the privilege or blessing of forgiveness. We find this in the teachings of Christ and of Paul. But it is not the prerogative of man to determine when the grace of God is withdrawn from the incorrigi-ble. As long as any one desires to call upon God, and to seek his favor through those means which he has provided, no man, no class, no multitude of men, may restrain him or deprive him of the privilege. Nor shall they dictate to him how or in what manner he shall worship God, or seek his grace. The right to the free exercise of religion is beyond human control. It is a matter exclusively between the individ-ual and his MakerŠjust where our Constitution has properly placed it in our favored nation. But this is not all. As religion is not right-fully subject to human restraint or control, so it is not a matter of compulsion. Man has no right to say that his fellow-man shall or shall not be religious. If he chooses to be religious he may be, in spite of man or of circumstances. If he does not choose to be religious, no man may say he shall. Again, if he chooses to be religious, no man or class of men shall say what religion he shall practice; whether Cath-olic or Protestant, Christian or Mohammedan; it is by right a matter solely of his own choice, not of dictation. These are all undeniable truths; undeniable except as human rights are denied and tram-pled under foot. And yet, every truth which we have herein presented is actually denied by the "Religious Amendment Party;" for if these truths, and the rights to which they refer, were properly regarded, no Religious Amendment would be asked for or desired. It is to control these rights, and confine them within a certain channel, that the Amendment is sought for. If they deny this, we have only to point to their own "platform "Što their public avowals Šin which they declare that their intention is to place the laws, usages, and institutions of the Christian religion on an undeniable legal 