26 THE ANIZP.ICAN SENTINEL. is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: for all have sinned [made themselves im-moral] and come short of the glory of God." Rom. 3 : 21-23. It is by the morality of Christ alone that men can be made moral. And this morality of Christ is the morality of God, which is imputed to us for Christ's sake ; and we receive it by faith in him who is both the Author and Finisher of faith. Then by the Spirit of God the moral law is written anew in the heart and in the mind, sanctify-ing the soul unto obedienceŠunto morality. Thus, and thus alone, can men ever attain to morality; and that morality is the morality of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ; and there is no other in this world. Therefore, as morality springs from God, and is planted in the heart by the Spirit of God, through faith in the Son of God, it is demonstrated by proofs of Holy Writ itself, that to God alone pertains the promotion of morality. God, then, being the sole promoter of mo-rality, through what instrumentality does he work to promote morality in the world ? What body has he made the conservator of morality in the world ? The church or the civil power, which?ŠThe church and the church alone. It is "the church of the Liv-ing God." It is "the pillar and ground of the truth." It was to the church that he said, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature;" "and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." It is by the church, through the preaching of Jesus Christ, that the gospel is "made known to all nations for the obedience of faith." There is no obedience but the obe-dience of faith; there is no morality but the morality of faith. Therefore it is proved that to the church, and not to the State, is com-mitted the conservation of morality in the world. This at once settles the question as to whether the State shall teach morality. The State can't teach morality. It has not the credentials for it. The Spirit of God and the gospel of Christ are both essential to the teaching of morality, and neither of these is committed to the State, but both to the church. But, though this work be committed to the church, even then there is not committed to the church the prerogative either to reward morality or to punish immorality. She be-seeches, she entreats, she persuades men to be reconciled to God; she trains them in the prin-ciples and the practices of morality. It is hers by moral means or spiritual censures to pre-serve the purity and discipline of her member-ship. But hers it is not either to reward mo-rality or to punish immorality. This pertains to God' alone, because whether it be morality or immorality, it springs from the secret coun-sels of the heart; and as God alone knows the heart, he alone can measure either the merit or the guilt involved in any question of morals. By this it is demonstrated that to no man, to no assembly or organization of men, does there belong any right whatever to punish immorality in any way. Whoever attempts it, usurps the prerogative of God. The In- quisition is the inevitable logic of any claim of any assembly of men to punish immoral-ity. Because to punish immorality, it is nec-essary in some way to get at the thoughts and intents of the heart. The Papacy, as-serting the right to compel men to be moral, and to punish them for immorality, had the cruel courage to carry the evil principle to its logical consequence. In carrying out the principle, it was found to be essential to get at the secrets of men's hearts ; and it was found that the diligent application of torture would wring from men, in many cases, a full confession of the most secret counsels of their hearts. Hence the Inquisition was estab-lished as the means best adapted to secure the desired end. So long as men grant the proposition that it is within the prbvince of civil government to enforce morality, it is to very little purpose that they condemn the Inquisition, for that tribunal is only the logi-cal result of the proposition. By all these evidences is established the plain, common-sense principle that to civil government pertains only that which the term itself impliesŠthat which is civil. The purpose of civil government is civil and not moral. Its function is to preserve order in society, and to cause all its subjects to rest in assured safety by guarding them against all incivility. Morality belongs to God ; civility belongs to the State. Morality must be ren-dered to God; civility, to the State. "Render therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Cmsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." A. T. J. .4 . I. The Baptists and Natipnal Reform. MORE than once we have noticed, in the reports of the lecturers of the National Reform-ers, that they were opposed by Baptist minis-ters. This we should expect from our knowl-edge of Baptist principles. And sometimes they report that Baptist ministers heartily in-dorse their movement. This we should ex-pect only where the Baptist ministers are regardless of the foundation principles of their faith ; or where they have never inquired into the real object and intention of National Re-form. It is a truth that national religion, call it Church and State, or Religion and State, or what you will, cannot flourish where church membership is made to depend on conver-sion and personal piety. And no church can maintain the vitality and spirituality of relig-ion, where national religion exists. The pro-fessed Reformers understand this to be so, however much they may plead for the Ifeces-sity of national religion for the sake of uphold-ing the church. Before they expect us to coincide with their movement, they ought to be able to point us to a single instance where national religion has preserved the spiritual-ity of Christianity, and the purity of the church. The experiment has been made often enough, under very varied circumstances; but always with the same result. Religion has become a mere formality, whenever the State became its patron. The following paragraph I copy from a National Reform paper. The editor gave his indorsement of the article in the strongest terms:Š " Little ones are as much under the cove-nant as their fathers. They are an essen-tial element in the Nation, and are to be taught, and by their presence to teach others, that the obligation to serve the Lord does not originate in personal engagement. Antipedobaptists are all opposed to national Christianity. They have sufficient perspicacity to see that from the claims of a national bond, children can-not be exempted; and the absurdity of ex-cluding such as are under bond, from the church, because they are incapable of a per-sonal consent to the ecclesiastical covenant, would be too glaring." People with more consistency than the Na-tional Reformers possess, who fully believed the above sentiment, would never ask, or at least expect, Baptists of any class to join in their crusade for national religion, with its necessary accompaniment of national and un-converted church membership. It certainly takes a great deal of what is modernly called "cheek," for the self-styled Reformers to accuse the Baptists of being recreant to their princi-ples in refusing to aid them in their efforts to establish national religion, with such an avowal as the above before the world. We will notice a few points which present themselves in the above declaration. 1. These little ones who are born under the national system of religion, are members of the church. And such they must continue to be, without regard to the characters they form when they grow up, as long as they are citi-zens, or belong to the Nation. For, it would be absurd to exclude from the church those who are "under national bond," the "ecclesias-tical covenant" being a national covenant. This leads naturally and unavoidably to an unconverted church membership. And this has been the result whenever national religion has been established. 2. This declaration shows the fallacy of the claim of the National Reformers, that their object is not to establish a national church, but national religion without a church. According to their own avowal, they who are under national bond, or under a national ecclesiastical covenant, are neces-sarily church members. They say that to suppose the contrary is absurd. But the fact that they are necessarily church-members does not necessarily make them Christians, or re-ligious. In their system church membership comes before religion. They are church-mem-bers by virtue of the national covenant under which they are born, without any regard to " personal engagement." The national cove-nant may make them church-members, but it cannot make them Christians, or religious. It may deceive them, and settle them down in a false hope, by leading them to believe they are Christians by virtue of their church member-ship, which is by virtue of the national bond or covenant under which they were born. It may enable them to successfully practice hy-pocrisy for social or political reasons, but it never will have a tendency to arouse their re-ligious convictions; or to lead them to trust in 