10 ° SIE1N7-1P NIETE40 VOL. 9, No. 2. horse that he needed a religiousrider, so that he might properly be revenged on certain other 'atheistic " and. " godless " beasts, and chiefly that particular beast called '"Sabbath-breaking." To make their persuasions more forcible, this com-bination called to Ł its aid the Catholic Church. This being precisely what Rome wanted most of all, she gladly accepted the call, and prepared to mount as soon as the horse should be persuaded by the other parties to accept the proffered rider. By diligence and persistent effort, and at last under threats, the horse was " per-stiaded " to accept the proffered religious rider, in order that, at the World's Fair especially, and for all time to come, he might be revenged upon all " ungodly and Sabbath-breaking" beasts. The horse being thus " persuaded " to accept the proffered religious rider, allowed himself to be saddled and bridled, and placed himself in-position for the rider to mount. The " Protestant" would-be rider is just placing his foot in the stirrup to seat him-self upon the horse, when, lo ! Rome, in the person of Satolli, at a single bound, vaults into the saddle, seizes the reins, braces himself in the stirrups, and rides boldly. AND anybody who will take the time to turn to the Congressional Record of July 12, 1892, pp. 6700-6701, will find the evi-dence that Bishop Coxe was one of the persons who, in company with Catholic ec-clesiastics, had a part in the persuading of this horse to accept a religious rider, and in saddling and bridling him for the rider. There, in the last three inches on page 6700 will be seen the words of Arch-bishop Ireland, Gross, and Riordan of the Catholic Church, calling for this arrange-ment. And in the first three or four inches on page 6701 will be found the names of the bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church who called for the same thing. And the name of Bishop Coxe, of Western New York, is named among them. All are presented by United States Senator Joseph R. Hawley, of Connecticut. And now, when the bishop, with the others, sees Rome, in the person of Satolli, instead of themselves, firmly seated in the saddle and riding so boldly, he wildly calls upon him to " dismount." And by the very force of the situation, Bishop Coxe him-self is compelled to answer his own call to dismount. " But not so. He is firm in his saddle; has a bridle in the horse's jaws, and has spurs and a whip besides. The ablegate ' is a fixture in his seat, and let the horse throw him if he can." Under the circumstances, Bishop Coxe,. and every other " Protestant " who had any part in this awful transaction, should hide his head for very shame, and forever blush to lift up his face in the presence of the American people. BUT the bishop has more to say, and he says it to the following effect:Š But I have more to say. For you have not confined yourself to matters of education only. You have come to establish an imperium, in imperio : a permanent vice-royalty under the eaves of our Capitol. The Pres-ident'of the United States is a citizen who comes and goes. His official residence is no "mansion" or abiding place. He is its guest who tarries but a night. The vice-president has no official house in Washing-ton. Our chief-justice has none. But your visit to Buffalo -was prompted (so it was announced) by your gratitude to one of our worthy citizens, who had undertaken to provide a permanent habitation at our capital for the vice-pope. Thus, the one irremovable potentate at Washington is the Roman pontiff, repre-sented by his other self. Queen Victoria, by her vice-roy, reigns India as empress; and henceforth Lea  X/// and his successors Will enjoy their supremacy on the Potomac far more absolutely than it can be exercised on the Tiber. The servile and illiterate Italians, Polacks, Hungarians, and such like are edu-cated, only so far as the ox that knoweth his owner, and they will.furnish votes by thousands to any pur-chaser who contracts with the vice-pope for the sup-ply. All has been fore-arranged, like the lines at Torres Vedras. The Jesuits are thereŠin their ar-senal, -"The University." The lobby is organized and sacks the treasury. Now, you come as generalissimo Truly, "in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird," but the American eagle has been drugged. He is fast asleep. "Quenched in dark clouds of slumber lie The terror of his beak, the lightning of his eye." But I mean to wake him up. That is my humble task. VERY good, bishop. But can you wake him up ? And, especially, can you wake him up, when you yourself were instru-mental in drugging him to his undoing ? When your voice was heard, with the others, in luring him off his guard that he might be drugged to helplessness and final death, that same voice can never wake him up. Mr. Coxe, your effort comes too late. And even though you should wake him up, what good can it do ? What will Satolli care ? What will Rome care ? Delilah waked up Samson after she had .shorn him of his strength and betrayed him to the Philistines. But what did the Philistines care ?ŠNay, they were rather glad to have him awakened, that he .might know how entirely he was in their power, and how completely he was enslaved. You, Bishop Coxe, with others, have played the part of Delilah to this American Samson, in robbing him of the secret of his strength and betraying him to these Romish Philistines. And now, like Delilah, too, you, you, " mean to wake him up." Suppose you do, what will these Philistines care ? They, too, will be glad to have you do it, that this aforetime noble Samson, may the more certainly know how completely he is shorn of his strength, how entirely he is in their power, and how, blinded and harnessed, he shall be required, slavishly, to tread in the mill of Rome's evil purposes concern-ing the world. Ł SUCH is the result of the efforts of the grand combination formed of the National Reform Association, the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, the Prohibition Party, and the American Sabbath Union, to get " the Christian religion " and " the Christian Sabbath " recognized by the Government of the United States. And every man and woman who favored any branch of this combination, or who sent a petition to Congress for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, or for the rec-ognition of the " Christian Sabbath " or the " Lord's Day " in any other way, is, with Bishop Coxe, responsible for this shameful and awful result. A. T. J. Ł-+. Sunday Persecution in New York City. SUNDAY persecution is not by any means unknown to New York City, as shown by the number of Sunday arrests made for ordinary labor and for selling goods on Sunday during the past year. The Eve-ning World, of Dec. 18, contained the following :Š Justice Voorhis, in the Essex Market Police Court, to-day, held the following store-keepers for trial, on a charge of having violated the Sunday law:Š Nathan Goldman, of 51 Canal Street; Simon Slof-skey, 73 Hester St. ; Simon Leimson, 35 Essex St. ; Samuel Taylor, 48 Hester St. ; Abraham Weipner, 27 Hester St. ; Nathan Greenburg, 84 Ludlow St. ; Isaac Schwartzer, 16 Essex St. ; Samuel Raffel, 75 Hester St. ; Samuel Spiegelglass, 32 Hester St. ; Hayman  Benowitz, 6 Clinton St. ; Louis Mozitsky, 34 Orchard St. ; and Meyer Flecker, 148 Rivington St. All of the men arrested are Hebrews, and they claimed that they observed Saturday as their Sabbath, and considered themselves entitled to open up their business and sell goods as long as they did not annoy their neighbors. A policeman attached to the Eldridge Street Station arraigned a Grand Street jeweler because he displayed his wares in the window. Justice Voorhis remarked that he did not know that displaying goods in a show-window was an offense and discharged the jeweler. The World, of Dec. 21, publishes this communication, which refers to the arrests of that same day :Š PURITANISM IN STREAKS. To the Editor of the World: What next ? Is this a monarchy or a republic ? I happened to be obliged to call on a party in Hester Street yesterday (Sunday), and did so with difficulty, for the police had given orders that after 10 o'clock A. at. the stores had to be closed, and I might be looked upon as a customer and the proprietor was liable to be arrested. Great Scott! In Connecticut and Rhode Island the Seventh-day Baptists worship on Saturday the same as the Jews do here, and on Sunday the mills are running, the stores are open, and no one interferes. Now, in the name of common sense, who gives the police this-  authority, unconstitutional as it is ? Dear sir, can you explain this and give these hard-working people advice to whom to appeal, so that they, being closed on Saturday, can have six working days as well as other religionists"? H. C. KLOPPENBURG. New York, Dec. 18. The number- of Sunday arrests in the city of New York, solely from a spirit of persecution, increased rapidly in the last few months of 1893. What will be the development of the enforcement of reli-gious law in 1894 ? Religion and the Montana Schools. A DISTRICT school teacher in Montana has insisted on having devotional exercises in school, and to this end required the pupils to bring Bibles and hymn books. 4. citizen, resident in that school district, complained to the attorney general of the State, and he has rendered a decision in which he holds that in that State the use of the Bible in the public schools is contrary to law. After quoting from the constitution of the State and the school laws, the attorney general says :Š Among the framers of the constitution of the State of Montana were Catholics, Jews, and adherents of many Protestant sects, who framed these positive prohibitions against permitting sectarian tenets to be taught in the public schools. The constitution was in this connection framed with the view of protecting those settlers and residents of Montana who came from countries in which a State religion is maintained and enforced, and who have suffered under the disabilities resulting from their rejection of the established re-ligion. Further on the attorney general says:Š It is safe to assert, without fear of contradiction, that the Bible, as an entirety, is the noblest monument of thought, beauty and sublimity, of pathetic narra-tive and moral teaching, the richest treasury of house-hold words and familiar phrases, of popular illustra-tions and associations that any language has ever pos-sessed, but the reading of the same in the public schools is a religious exercise, and its use therein is in effect the adoption of it as a text book of the common schools, which is not only inhibited by the constitu-tion, but prohibited by the law. . . . The order made by the school teacher commanding and requiring the pupils of her school, in school district No. 14, to bring their Bibles and hymn books to school for use therein has all the force and effect of adopting the Bible and hymn books as text books in said public school; it therefore brings such books within the pro-hibition laid down in the constitution and the school laws of Montana. The constitution of the State of Montana prohibits all religious or partisan tests as a condition of admission into any public educational institution of the State, either as a teacher or student, and likewise prohibits the teaching of sectarian tenets therein. The legislature, in executing these wise and beneficent provisos of the constitution, definitely pre-scribes the text books that shall be used therein for a period of six years, commencing July, 1889. If the teacher of school district No. 14 may adopt the Bible as a text book in the public school, it means that sectarian tenets may be taught therein. If this 