AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 697 in all fairness to recognize and support the schools which they conscientiously (one must say with remarkable gen-eroAty and devotion) had established. The claim would be reasonable. "It would be a great gain, undoubtedly, to have the Bible read and known. It would be the best thing, from the merely educational standpoint, that the children would receive at school. But it would not be religion. The fact is, the churches need- quickening. They are asleep, careless of their duty, indifferent to the claims of the Lord, the needs of the children, the interests of the country. Some are awakened and are troubled. Bible reading would only be a sop to these to lull them, too, into a fateful satisfaction. "Therefore I hold that such a system as we possess requires the fresh, free life of a voluntary addition. It needs the impress of parents, and of churches, and of co-operative organizations to give it plasticity and variety to save it from the mechanical formalism into which it must decay. It was never intended to give more than secular instruction, and even that it cannot perfectly give. Religion it cannot give at all. That must be found where only it exists, in the hearts, and lives, and lips of religious men and women." The Holy Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. H. BY C. H. KESLAKE. SUNDAY is the "pillar" of traditionŠtradition as un-derstood and taught by the Catholic Church. Tradition itself is the "pillar" of Roman Catholicism. This we have shown in former articles. As, therefore, the Catholic Church depends upon tra-dition for its existence, and tradition, in turn, depends upon the Sunday institution, it follows that Sunday is the foundation of the Catholic ChurchŠit is the mark of the papacy. Further: As Sunday is the foundation of the Catholic Church, and as genuine Protestantism is a protest against the Catholic Church, it not only follows that Protestantism, to be consistent with itself, must protest against the Sunday, but that Sunday is itself the, actual dividing line between Roman Catholicism and true Prot-est autism . So far as the Catholic Church is concerned, the ques-tion of Sunday, as a Christian institution, has been set-tled for all time. But the question has not been settled so far as Protestantism is concerned. Just here it might be well to note that when we speak of the settlement of this question in this connection, we mean only so far as it can be settled by man. No man, or body of men, can settle for another his duty to his Maker, although the attempt has been made, and as we see will be made again. Such settlements as these really settle nothing. There is a tribunal before which this matter, with all other matters, must come for final set-tlement, and when it is settled by that tribunal, it will be settled right, for God himself will be the Judge, and he makes no mistakes. And so we say, so far as man can settle it, for the Catholic Church the Sunday question has been settled for all time; but not for Protestants. There are very few people comparatively who do not know that upon this question of Sunday as the Sabbath day, Protestantism is divided. This perhaps at first would not appear strange, in-asmuch as there are other doctrines upon which the Protestant churches are divided. But when it is remem-bered that the Sabbath, leaving out for the time being the question as to what day is the Sabbath, is set forth as the "test of all religion," so that it is said that "he who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God, and he who does not worship God is lost"Šwhen this is remembered it will be seen that these other differences sink into comparative insignificance. Now as Sunday at the beginning of the Reformation was a vital question, and as the Protestants then stood on the wrong side of the question, and as the Reforma-tion cannot be complete until every error is rooted out, this question of Sunday must come up again, not as in this first instance, between the Catholic and the Protes-tants, but between the Protestants themselves. But when it shall come up, where will it be settled? If we turn to the Old World we find that Sunday is, and has been, an integral part of the laws of the various European nations. But if we look at this nationŠthe United States of AmericaŠwe find that the matter of the Sabbath, as indeed all other religious matters, are not permitted by the Constitution to come within the pur-view of the Government; but are left to the individual conscience, the Constitution guaranteeing the recogni-tion of the rights of conscience for all alike, even to the humblest citizen. Thus in 1830, the Congressional Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom had been referred a matter involving the question of work upon Sunday, reported:Š "We look in vain to that instrument [the Constitu-tion] for authority to say whether the first day, or sev-enth day, or whether any day, has been made holy by the Almighty. "The Constitution regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more authority to adopt a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individual than of a whole community. That representative who would violate this principle would lose his delegated character, and forfeit the confidence of his constituents. If Congress should declare the first day of the week holy, it would not convince the Jew nor the Sabbatarian. It would dissatisfy both, and conse-quently convert neither. . . . If a solemn act of legisla-tion shall in one point define the law of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, it may with equal propri-ety define every part of legislation and enforce every re-ligious obligation, even to the forms and ceremonies of worship, the endowments of the church, and the support of the clergy. "The framers of the Constitution recognized the eter-nal principle that man's relation to his God is above hu- 