AMERICAN SENTINEL. 515 and half civilized peoples. At the first touch of the test we throw the doctrine away, and adopt the Spanish doc-trine. We are told by all the imperialists that these people are not fit for liberty and self-government; that it is rebellion for them to resist our beneficence; that we must send fleets and armies to kill them, if they do it; that we must devise a government for them, and admin-ister it ourselves; that we may buy them or sell them as we please, and dispose of their 'trade' for our own ad-vantage. What is that but the policy of Spain to her dependencies? What can we expect as a consequence of it? Nothing but that it will bring us where SPAIN IS NOW." A. T. J. The Insular Commission's "Insult." REPRESENTATIVES of the papacy in this country have not taken kindly to the report of the United States Insular Commission on Porto Rico. It was not to be expected that they would be pleased with a report drawn up by Protestants, but neither was it anticipated that their sentiments on the point would be expressed in a tone of bitter hostility, as was the case. For example, note the following from the Catholic Standard and Times, Philadelphia:Š "Nothing could well be more offensive toward Cath. olic sentiment than the tone of the Insular Commission-ers' report; nothing possibly more asinine than its rec-ommendations to the Government on the subject of its relation toward the Catholic Church in Porto Rico. The suggestion to absolve priests and nuns from their vows, in order that they might be at liberty to follow the ex-ample of Luther and Catharine von Bora, so stupid yet withal so full of wanton malice, transcended all the bounds of rational conception of a process of severance between church and state. It simply destroyed its own pretext of action. It recommended the state to inter-fere, wilfully, impertinently and wickedly, with the lawful concerns of the church. This recommendation, if we are to trust the report now in uncontradicted circulation, has been repudiated by the President, and the gentlemen who made it have been rebuked for their arrogance and ignorance in making it. Should this turn out to be the case, we are sure the fact will be hailed by many as a most gratifying one. It would be quite in keeping with what we already know of the President's disposition. His disapproval of religious intolerance was markedly shown last year in the Washington sermon affair. We may easily believe that he is a man of liberal mind him-self, and we may also conclude that his public experience would cause him to shrink from the indorsement of in-sult to any religious body in the country as very bad politics indeed." What is the trouble? Has the Government been rec-ommended to force Catholics in Porto Rico to do some- thing contrary to the papal religion?ŠNo; not at all. The recommendation made by the commission was, "That priests and others who hive taken the vow of cel- b acy may be permitted to renounce said vows and enter  into marriage relations, the same as other people!' They are left perfectly free to do in the matter as they choose. They are not to be bound in the matter by the law of the land. Under Spain, they were bound by the civil law, and for -breaking such vows could be punished as criminals; for under Spain, with its union of church and state, the laws of the church were, in most things, a part of the law of the land. The United States, as represented by the commission, simply does not propose to maintain this arrangement in force. Let the Catholic Church re-gard such things as sins if she will; the Government will not for that reason treat them as crimes. The papacy complains of being "insulted" by this recommendation, yet in its very complaint it makes a fling at the great Reformer and his wife, which might with much more reason be taken as an insult by Luther-ans and other Protestants; for "the example of Luther and Catharine von Bora" was not meant in any compli-mentary sense. This papal authority hopes that this recommenda-tion, representing only the American principle of sever-ance between church and state, "has been repudiated by the President," and that "the gentlemen who made it have been rebuked for their arrogance and ignorance in making it." This is bold language,Šthe language of one who sees Protestantism and American principles of government far on the decline in the United States. This is the significant feature of the matter. Rome and the Calendar. "TEE Pope in Error" is a heading which appears in a leading Protestant journal in this city, as if a papal error were a thing rare enough to call for comment. The pope is charged with being in error regarding the calendar:Š "Certain forthgivings from the Vatican seem to imply that the pope thinks the next century begins with 1900 instead of 1901. The Times, commenting upon this, says: 'It is a fact beyond intelligent doubt or argument that the next century begins Jan. 1, 1901. Of course this is a point which involves neither doctrine nor dog-ma, and therefore the venerable head of the Catholic Church might be mistaken about it without throwing any light on his claims to infallibility. But still in so simple a matter no mistake should be made by anybody, and least of all by a man with a mind as keen and quick as that of Leo XIII.' " If the pope is in error over the calendar, it need not be thought a strange thing, for it would not be the first error that the papal church has made in her reckoning of time. There are a number of these that stand charged against her, and have stood so for centuries. The pope reckons the beginning of the day at mid-night. In truth it begins at the setting of the sun. He reckons the year as beginning January 1, in mid- I- -1111-4- 