AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. 769' only a step from the darkness to the light: "If we con-fess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness." The moment we reach the exit of a tunnel we are in the light. The moment we confess our sins, that moment we are cleansedŠwe are called " out of darkness into His mar- velous light." The arc lamp receives its illumination from within, and radiates its light to the outer world. So it is with'the human heart when it is emptied of self and filled with the Holy Spirit: it must shine, for the power of God is there; and "in him is no darkness at all." The influence of such a soul constantly tends to lead others to forsake the ways of sin. Of such, Jesus says, "Ye are the light of the world." The Holy Spirit abiding in the heart makes it luminous, as a light upon a candlestick, which "giveth light unto all that are in the house." "Only a step to Jesus"Šbut how contrary to human pride to take it; and yet how many in the whirl of society to-day realize that the pleasures of the world are emptyŠbubbles upon the rough sea of life, which fail to satisfy the longings of the soul. How many a youth inwardly admires the character of the follower of Christ, and really covets the sweet peace which he daily enjoys. But how many, instead of surrendering self, seek to ease conscience by good works, and continue to dwell in dark-ness, knowing nothing of the inward illumination of the heart, the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. They may even put forth efforts to rescue souls from sin; but some way their efforts prove fruitless. They fail to dispel the shadows of evil from the inmost soul. Ah! selfishness shines only outwardly. All its good works are but imitations of the fruits of the Spirit. But how hard it is to cut loose from the world, to exchange the life of sin for one of righteousness. But those who choose the "pleasures of sin for a season," who shine merely outwardly, will never participate in the joys of eternity. There will be no satellites in the galaxy of heaven. Every soul that shall help constitute that com-pany of immortal beings, to shine "as the stars forever and ever," will have known what it was to be emptied of self and filled with the Holy Spirit. They will have done good works because the Spirit impelled them to do so. They will have won souls to Christ because the Christ Spirit dwelling within drew them by the "cords of love." Christ could reach forth a rescuing hand to the poor-est of the poor; and he who has the Spirit of Christ dwelling within, can reach down to the lowest depths of iniquity and point the vilest sinner to a seat reserved for him at God's right handŠif he will only take it. And there is more real joy in rescuing one sinner than there is in all the pleasures of the world. The sweet singer of ancient Israel appreciated the superior joys of the Chris-tian when he said: "I had rather be a door-keeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of wicked-ness." There are many satellites in the world to-day whose seeming radiance will soon go out in oblivion. But,  precious thought, there are many suns in the human constellation whose brilliancy is destined to "shine more and more unto the perfect day." The all important de-cision rests with each soul whether he will be a satellite or a sun. MRS. al. A. LOPER. a (boob Representative Is wanted in every vicinity to sell the Holiday Edition of "Battle Hymn of the King-dom." The subject matter of this booklet is a beautiful poem by Frances Eugenia Bolton. It is appropriately Illustrated with fifteen original half-tone en- gr avings of extraordinary merit. The cover design is worked in gold, silver, and green, and will especially rec-ommend the volume to pur-chasers of gift books. It is printed on heavy enameled paper and bound in cloth with gilt top, 50c postpaid, or $25.00 per 100 not prepaid. Trade edition, printed on thinner paper and bound in leatherette, 25c each postpaid. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo. Oalckuricl, Cal. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Ordeis and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin Is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious 'liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - - 46 Six months, Three " - - $1.00. .50 .05 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. DATI-LE tuvw OF THE  4 M DOM PRANCES EUGENIA BOLTON 