540 'THE SENTINEL OF LIE3ERTY, News, Notes . . . and Comment THE Montana State conference of, the M. E. Church, held recently at Helena, passed a resolution Commending " the onward sweep of our nation in its world-wide leadership," and rejoicing " that our do-'main widens and the beneficent institutions of our. glorious country are. carried to the uttermost parts of the earth." The conference, also declared that "'we look with alarm at the increasing indifference of our laymen in the, matter of nominations for office," and urged " that instead of a tirade against inefficiency in office our officiary be present at the primaries and assist in nominating such men as will look to the enforcement of the law against the liquor traffic." HERE is what the editor of.a. Baptist publication in New Orleans the American Baptist FlagŠsays of the Seventh-day Adventists,On a basis, presumably, of some newspaper minors that have reached him: On the island of Raratonga the Seventh-day Adventists have the ascendency, and it is probably the only place 'or country on earth where they do have it. Recently they have Shown the spirit thiy are of by killing about fifty Christian people that wanted to use Sunday as the day of rest.; In this country the Adventists make a great‚.cry ofipersecu-tion when they are not allowed to abuse the Chris-tian Sabbath." This editor is not slandering the Adventists, for everybody knows they have not the ascendency on Raratonga or anywhere else, and are not at all blood-thirsty; but he is' slandering the BaptistS, who have, won and deserve the reputation of being fair-minded, truth-loving people. <at eat PoPE LEO, says a dispatch from Rome, has writ-ten a letter to the Cardinal-vicar lamenting the fact that thelfree propagation of- Protestantism is al-lowedlby law in Rome, and urging. Catholics to unite in endeavoring to lessen the damage from such " sectarian propaganda." Such a letter is character-istic 'of the Papacy, which has always appreciated the privilege of oppoging ideas by physical force.  Physical force has no proper place in -government, save:to-preserve the lives, liberties and property of the people. It is further announced from Rome that the Pope has forbidden Italians to recite a rosary and prayer composed by,the widow of King Humbert shortly after his death, which she, in a letter to the Bishop of Cremona, had entreated might' be used in churches and in families for the benefit of her dead husband. The ex-queen is a devout Catholic, and the Pope's action, which came without warning, has occasioned much surprise and indignation even among Catholics. But what is of more practical consequence, it has deeply incensed her son, the present king, and, completely cutoff, all prospect of a reconciliation between church and state in Italy, for which many there" were hoping. This, of course, is no calamity for Italy, for nothing could be worse for the state than such a reconciliation with the church as would suit the ideas of the Papacy, the papal system being fundamentally opposed to the divorce of church and state. .4 .4 THE following reason is assigned by a leading Hebrew paper fOr the unusually heavy, ewish im-migration now pouring into this country: " In Roumania the Greek Catholic government has discovered a new way in which to persecute Jews. It has 'ordered the organizing of all trades-and handicrafts into guilds, something like our trades-unions. 'Each of these has the power to de-termine who may or may not be a member, and they can be relied Łupon 'to exclude aliens.' The law in Rournania makes all Jews !aliens,' except a ' favored few who are rich enough to buy naturaliza-tion, even though their ancestors have lived in the country for centuries and borne all the bUrdens of citizenship, including military service. As the large 'majority of the Roumanian Jews are artizans, the re-sults of this refined cruelty can easily be imagined." Of course the only thing left for these people to do is to get outOf Roumania. They very-naturally turn their face's toward the United States. '<at " DURING the decade which is closing the present' century," remarks the Saturday Eveldng-  Post," there have' been over- a' dozen wars, and they have cost more than 200,000 lives and 'many hundreds of mil-lions of dollars. The most important of these are the war between China and. Japan in 1894.and 1895, 