"24, 104. 16g after three centuries of constant warfare it can show a great army of ignorant and superstitious dupes to do its bidding, The world is asking: What is the des-tiny of the papacy ? Will she again send us to school to muttering monks ? Consign to hell all who dispute her authority ? We answer not a thousand times, not We cannot let her teach loyalty to Rome, and dis-loyalty to our Republic. The schoolmaster must be reinforced by the strong arm of the State. We must profit by the example of papal States who have rebelled against priesteraft. We must drive her dupes from our schools, where employed as teachers, compel 4.er youth to attend the State schools, make it felony for a papal priest to in any way interfere in keeping a child from the State schools; if they demur, object, tell them to get out of this land dedicated to civil and religious liberty, and return to their Italian masters who have neither power nor respect for the country they ruled and plundered for ten centuries. We leave it to the candid reader if this does not bear out the statement that it is proposed to deny to Catholics the right to educate their children in their own schools; and if it does not justify the caution given months ago by the writer, namely, that the A. P. A. should have a care lest in its efforts to preserve liberty it does not de- stroy it. c. P. B. -0. Ł Some Signs of the Times. FOR years the people of this country have been familiar with various forms of labor agitation, but neither in this nor in any other country can an exact parallel be found to the so-called " Coxey Movement," called by its originator " The Commonweal of Christ." It is true that in other countries and in other ages men have marched in bodies to the seat of government, there to demand, in one form or another, redress of real or imaginary grievances; but never has any-thing of this kind been done on a scale so large and so suggestive of widespread dis-content as in this country in this the clos-ing decade of the nineteenth century. Speaking in the United States Senate, on May 10, Senator Gordon, of Georgia, said :Š Mr. President. Looking at this Coxey movement from a Southern standpoint, it appears to me to have in it and in the facts about it a lesson which we might wisely and gravely ponder. This movement had its inspiration doubtless in what we call paternalism, a theory of government which tends to enlarge the brood of such movements in the future, and to intensify the demands of that class of people upon Congress for relief. Strangely enough this movement had its origin in one of the great central, populous, progressive States of the Union, among a people justly noted for their intelligence, their loyalty to law and order, and for their well-considered enterprise and well-directed energy. Its divisions and corps are moving upon this Capitol from every quarter of the compass save one. From every section of this Union save that one section they are coming, and we are confronted with the mar-velous spectacle of portions of the people in every sec-tion except in one turning a listening ear to the appeals of Mr. Covey and his lieutenants. The section in which the commonweal army, as it is called, has re-ceived few or no recruits is the South. This fact is marvelous, I repeat, by reason of its isolation, and monumental by reason of the political lesson which it presents. The same day and in the course of the same discussion, Senator Teller said :Š Mr. President, I myself am of the opinion that the present distressed condition of the country, which is unusual; that the present distressed condition of the world, which is unusual, is the result of positive legis-lation. . . . The present condition ought at least to make the American legislator stop and reflect. . . . Our attention has been attracted to the dis- content and dissatisfaction everywhere, and it will not do for senators to say this is only a small sprinkling, only a few of the people of the country who are dis-contented. Go to Omaha, go to Council Bluffs, where these unfortunate people are making their way from the extreme West to this city. They had the support and sympathy of the entire laboring population of those two cities. I think I may say here, without con-tradiction, that wherever they have gone in the towns in the rural districts, everywhere they have had the sympathy and the support of the people of those com-munities. Mr. President, there never has been an hour in  American history, in the great panics that preceded the panic of 1893, when there has been so much pov-erty, so much distress, so much danger to the Repub-lic as there has been in the last year. It is growing worse and not better, and we have not put our hands to a single thing in this Congress that in my judgment is calculated to relieve the condition. . . The outlook is not bright for the distressed; it is not bright for the American farmer and the American laborer, who compose nine-tenths of the American people. If we can not do anything else, if we can not help them in any other way, we can at least show some sympathy with them. I deny that Coxey represents the great mass of the people, but I insist that he represents a sentiment of dissatisfaction and discontent which is very prevalent and very general in this country. . . . I do not know myself absolutely that anything that we can do will bring prosperity to this country. I do not know that anything that we can do alone will lighten the burden of these people. I am of the opinion that we could accomplish it; but other people whose judgment is equally entitled to respect, and perhaps is better than mine, do not think we can. We can not agree, Mr. President, first, as to the trouble, and secondly, as to the remedy ; but we could agree, it seems to me to say to these people, " We will look into your condition; we will take your case into consideration; and if we can find any way to grant you relief, we shall exercise our judgment and do our best." Senator Stewart bore a like testimony, as follows :Š Mr. President, to my mind the situation of the country presents a condition which demands careful and serious consideration. There has bemi no time in the history of the United States when discontent was so general as now. The movement of the so-called Coxey's army has developed a sentiment of unrest to a marvelous extent. They are now forming home guards of the Coxey army and marching in many States. The senator from Oregon [Mr. Mitchell] told me yesterday that a few days ago 3,000 home guards of the Coxey army were marching in the city of Portland, in his State. So the papers are full of it every morning, showing the universal discontent, and they all, attribute it to the same causeŠhard times, want of employment. The evidence that such a state of things exists is multiplying day by day. The outlook is indeed gloomy, the more so, because, as stated by Senator Teller, the present depressed condition is world- wide. Industrial stagnation has seized upon all nations, and the " toiling mil-lions" everywhere feel the bony fingers of want clutching at their very vitals. And worst of all, statesmen, instead of supplying a remedy, confess their inability to even certainly point out the cause. There is " upon the earth distress of na-tions with perplexity ; " and " men's hearts are failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." But it is not alone in peaceful marches to the Capital City that the discontent of the Masses is manifesting itself. Strikes on every hand, almost universally accom-panied with violence resulting in blood-shed and destruction of.. property, testify not only the dire distress of the people, but their determination not to suffer alone. The . worst passions of men are being aroused; real wrongs are being supple-mented in the minds of untold thousands by imaginary wrongs until to many the choice seems to lie between abject slavery with bare subsistence and open revolt with all its dire probabilities. Men are grow-ing desperate and reckless of consequences. As reported recently by the Washington - Post, and referred to by us last week, `Ł General" Coxey said, in a public speech the day of his conviction in the police court in Washington This country is like a big bunch of straw, and all that is necessary to start it into a roaring blaze is the torch. Do you dream that in court to-day the torch was ap-plied ? We came here as an army of peace. God knows violence is the last wish of any member of this army, but I fear that the snatch has been applied, and that time alone will tell what is to be the outcome. If violence does follow the consequences will not be on our heads, for others were the cause of it. It now looks to sue as though it would be useless to try and accomplish  anything more in the line of public reformation by peace. Violence may not immediately follow the arbitrary action of the Washington police authorities, but the discontent and des-peration has been largely increased. The confidence of the people in those entrusted with the Government has been rudely - shaken. " General " Coxey's words may be set down as " only the utterance of a crank ; " but crank though he be, in the words of Senator Teller, " he represents a sentiment of dissatisfaction and discontent which is very prevalent and general in this country." And whether justified or not, the general discontent is fast ripening into a sense of injustice and oppression. In the United States Senate, on May 10, as reported on pp. 5522 and 5523 of the Con-gressional Record of May 11, Senator Stewart said :Š The Coxey army tramped for hundreds of miles in a peaceable, orderly manner, which attracted the at-tention of the whole country. They came here poor, foot-sore, and hungry. They remained in line and obeyed orders, not one of them moving from the line. A most sad spectacle, calculated to excite the sympa-thies of all who saw them. They marched up, the avenue to the other side of the Capitol and there stood in line. Many senators and representatives stood on the steps of the Capitol. I was among the number. I did not see what occurred further east at the end of the Capitol, but I saw Coxey coining up to the front and step upon the first steps of the east entrance of the Capitol, and I saw policemen meet him. There was a consultation. I did not hear it, but they mo-tioned to him in the usual way to move back. He moved back and went to his carriage. They put him in his carriage, the vehicle he came in, and he ordered his men to march back, and without entering the Capitol grounds they marched back, That he committed no offense against the law was apparent to every one who witnessed it. . . . Now he has been charged and convicted in the police court, of what ? He has been charged and convicted of wearing a badge. . . . Then another charge was made by some. He was charged with stepping on the grass. I have read the evidence right along; it was very conflicting. I think the charge was not sus-tained, but perhaps it makes no difference whether it was. . . Now I undertake to say that conviction was for no substantial offense. If the assembling of these masses of people and marching in the streets is a crime, then there ought to be some law to punish it. We had understood that it was not a crime; that everybody had the right to do it; but certainly, whether they have a right or not, the law authorizes them to do so, and it is well understood that they have this right. . . . Now, here is a man convicted of those things in a court of justice in a case that has attracted universal attention. All the people of the United States know that Mr. Coxey was convicted when he had committed no offense; that he was con-victed under a pretense that he had committed an of- fense when he had not done so. . . No, it will be construed by the whole country that this was an attempt to punish the movement by construing a harmless act into an offense. That will not do. We must have equal justice in this country. I do not think a more disgraceful exhibition of petty tyranny has ever been exhibited than the prosecution of Mr. Coxey. The others I did not see. I saw what he did with my own eyes. I saw him come and I saw him go. . He came quietly and went away quietly. That was perfectly obvious to the thousands who saw him. And he was convicted in the national capital for an offense that he did not commit. That is certain, and that will be the verdict of the American people. It looks like an attempt to punish a great movement by committing a judicial outrage. If we expect to govern a free people by law we must let them know and feel that the laws are just. The laws, when justly admin-istered, are omnipotent, because all the people say they shall be thus administered. Public opinion justifies the administration of law and supports the strong arm of Government and noth-ing else, and when thus administered according to the common sense of mankind, when justice is adminis-tered., all the American people say amen. But to ex-hibit here a conviction for no offense, or if an offense technically one so petty that it woul'd - be in any other place dismissed by the police magistrate without a word, the fact that they could get a jury in the na-tional capital and a judge to perform such a service is a blow at the foundation of law and order. It will be noticed that the senator does not justify the Coxey movement; nor do we; we give these facts only because they are facts which cannot be ignored. But 