OCTOBER 5, 1843. AMIALIAICAN 307 would have known him as the sanctifying power of God. Not how men have regarded the Sab-bath, but who gave it, is what determines its sacredness. God gave the Sabbath day, and the blessing and.  Sanctification which he placed on it can never be re-moved by any action of men. But the observance of SundayŠ" the venerable day of the sun "Šwas "the wild solar holiday of all pagan times," and as such was adopted by that power which, exalt-ing itself above all that is called God or that is worshiped, thought itself able to change times and laws. Shall we continue to observe it, and thus recognize the au-thority of the Papacy ? or shall we walk in the "old paths," and by keeping the rest-day of the Lord, find the rest from sin, which he alone can give ? E. J. WAGGONER. London, Eng. ŁŁ  Ł  Religious and Civil Liberty In Pennsyl-. vania. [From the chapter on "Civil and Religious Liberty," in "Memoirs of Alexander Campbell."] (Concluded ) IN subsequent papers, "Candidus " now proceeds regularly, in a clear and cogent manner, to refute " Timothy's " argument and sustain his own, paying no attention to scurrilous pieces which occasionally appear against him. On the 29th of Oc-tober, " Timothy " announces that he will not reply regularly, but will review the whole when " Candidus " is done. In November, " Candidus " continues the sub-ject in able articles, and in January, 1822, Timothy " reviews his pieces at some length, and with considerable ingenuity: " Candidus " appears again in an able refutation on the 28th of January, and finally on the 25th of February, as no further article appeared from "Timothy," who had evidently exhausted his resources, and whose arguments had been clearly overthrown, " Candidus " closed the dis-cussion with an apology for any inadvert-ent expressions, and with kind expressions in reference to his ingenuous opponent, thus remaining the acknowledged victor in the controversy which had now con-tinued during nearly two years. The effect of these essays upon the public mind was great. Men, whose minds had been previously bewildered and confused upon the subjects, now perceived clearly the nature of the questions at issue, and though the " Moral Societies " continued their operations with even more than usual zeal, there were many who only waited for a favorable opportunity in or-der to put their authority to the test. This was not long wanting. A man named Isaac Jones, a citizen of Wellsburg, had been attending to some business at the court at Washington, which detained him until it was too late on Saturday evening to reach home that day. As his wife was in delicate health, he thought it necessary to set out early next morning; but, on approaching West Middletown, he was met near Davis' tavern by five men, who demanded to know where he was going. He told them he was going home to Wells-burg, and asked in turn where they were going. They replied that they were going to meeting, and as he was violating the law against "Sabbath-breaking" by trav-elling upon that day, he must go back with them, to Washington. This Mr. Jones found himself compelled to do, though, as may be well supposed, not in a very devotional frame of mind. Upon coming to the steps of the hotel at Washington, they found standing there several of the lawyers who had been in attendance upon the court, as James Ross, of Pittsburg, Philip Doddridge, of Wellsburg, and with them Judge Baird, of Washington, who was a warm friend of Mr. Jones. Mr. Ross, surprised to see him back, inquired the reason, and when informed of his ar-rest, became very indignant, and told the men that they should pay dearly for their conduct. As James Ross was a lawyer of great eminence, they became alarmed and were about to go away, when they were informed that they must not depart until their names and residences were duly taken down. Suit was at once brought against them for unlawful arrest, and the matter being adjourned from time to time in the court at Washington, was at length transferred to Pittsburg, where it was finally decided against the persons making the arrest, who were adjudged to pay con-siderable damages. These Mr. Jones re-fused to accept; but so great had been the costs and expenses of the suit that the convicted persons became quite impover-ished in their circumstances, and the questions at issue being now legally de-termined, the operation of the " Moral Societies" totally ceased from that time, so that these organizations were heard of no more. Ł Ł Ł Ł With regard to the questions involved in the debate about the "Moral Societies," it seemed not a little strange, as was shown by " Candidus," that a people pro-fessing Christianity should betray such ignorance of its principles as to think of making men moral by legal enactments. Unlike Judaism, which demanded only an external conformity, Christianity ad-dresses itself to the heart, the foundation of human motives and actions, and seeks to make " the tree good " in order that "its fruit may be good," since "an evil tree cannot bring forth good fruit." But the miscalled " Moral Societies " sought not to cherish or strengthen any moral principle, but rather to repress the indulg-ence of one evil passion by bringing into exercise another that was perhaps worse; as when they wished to correct intemper-ance or profanity by an appeal to the love of money. True morality must proceed from principle, not from law; and it is here the power of conscience that is to be invoked, instead of that of the magistrate. It became evident, however, during the progress of affairs, that it was the leading object of these societies to establish by law their view of the " Sabbath," and it was this point which occupied, therefore, the larger share of the discussions. This effort to replace republican liberty by religious thraldom, would appear not less strange than to attempt to inspire men with moral principle by means of fines, were it not a familiar fact in history that representative religious bodies, as formerly remarked, have an inherent tendency to exercise arbitrary power and to trample under foot the dearest privileges of man-kind. In the case under consideration, the so-called " Moral Societies " of Wash-ington County could by no means plead ignorance of the constitution and laws of Pennsylvania as an apology for their pro-ceedings ; for, in the United States, noth-ing could be more clearly drawn than the lines separating Church and State, and it was but a short time before the establish-ment of these " Societies " that a case had  come up in the Washington court, which brought this peculiar subject prominently before the minds of the people. . . . Notwithstanding the failure of the Pres-byterians to establish by law in Washing-ton County their views of the " Sabbath," as above related, another more general effort was made, a few years later, to, get these notions of the proper observance of the " Sabbath " sanctioned and estab- lished. For this purpose, in the year 1829, Congress was suddenly overwhelmed with numerous petitions coming in from all parts of the country, and from various ecclesiastical bodies, :3raying that the public mails might all 3e stopped on the Sabbath day, and every possible influence was brought to bear upon the national legislature, in order to obtain the passage of an act to this effect. The matter as-sumed so important a phase that it was referred to a committee, and its chairman, Richard M. Johnson, after some time, made a report, which was regarded at the time as a very remarkable document, and excited so much interest, and received so much applause, that it was published throughout the country and largely dis-tributed also in the form of handbills, which were framed and hung up in the dwellings, like a new Declaration of Inde-pendence. Ł It is not to be supposed that the failure of the efforts above spoken of, to impose religious observances upon the people by law, has at all changed the principles or purposes of any religious party concerned in such movements; and it is doubtless an important safeguard to freedom that no one denomination possesses sufficient strength and unity to control the councils of the Nation. No party of the religion-ists, who have already yielded up the cita-del of the soul to spiritual tyranny, are fit to legislate for a free people. Hence, there was nothing that Mr. Campbell feared more, as to its probable effect upon public liberty, than the preponderance of a re-ligious sect, and especially that of the Roman Catholic Church. He, therefore, constantly sought to weaken the power of existing hierarchies, to expose the schemes of priestly ambition, and to support all just claims of freedom both in Church and State. A New Kind of Sunday-school. THE idea of the industrial Sunday-school is not a new one, but very interest-ing experiments are now being made with it, especially in St. Louis, where a Sunday-school for technical, education has just been opened under the supervision of Prof. C. M. Woodward, the head of the Manual Training School of Washington Univer-sity. The school is founded by the " Self-Culture Club," an organization of workers many of them wage-workers in the trades. It is remarkable in this and it is not less remarkable because of its incidental con-nection with Washington University, which, as it represents the New England influence in Missouri, might be supposed to be in some sympathy with Sabbatarian-ism. There has seldom been a wider depart-ure from Sabbatarianism than in the open-ing of this Sunday-school for teaching drawing and the principles of mechanics, arithmetic, algebra and the higher mathe-matics, as well as other branches needed 