252 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "It must be admitted that symptoms such as these are indeed alarming. If the United States, on the one hand, and England on the other, were to arm all their male citizens, would not the situation become all the more alarming? On the other side of lie seas would be found great fortified camps such as we have in Europe; there would be one in England and another in America, and both nations could truly be said to be under arms. Well may one tremble when peace is thus threatened. How, in face of it all, can we believe that war will soon have become a thing of the past?" The Sunday Movement in Cleveland, Ohio. THE movement for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance in Cleveland, Ohio, is still in progress. The present situation is set forth in the following from the Cleveland Plain dealer of April 10:Š "The members of the City Ministers' Union, including ministers of all denominations, decided yesterday upon a program of concerted action, looking to the better enforcement of the laws relating to Sunday labor. "The ministers have been considering the advisa-bility of a Sunday crusade for some time, and it has been the sentiment all along that better work can be done by the ministers cooperating with laymen rather than by making the crusade a distinctly religious and ministerial affair. The position that the ministers take is that, first, thousands of people are being obliged to lose their rest day and that from a physical standpoint alone these persons should be aided in their desire to envoy a day of rest like others. Secondly, the ministers hold that the ordinances of this city are being violated by men anxious for gain and that the violation of the Sunday laws, besides making Sunday anything but quiet and orderly, is having a dangerous influence on the -community in setting it an example of successful defiance of the law. "The ministers decided to lend their support to a program of action, the lead to be taken by laymen. The program is aimed especially at saloons and Sunday amusements. . . . "A program for concerted action in Cleveland and vicinity for a practical enforcement of laws affecting the weekly rest day was adopted by the meeting, as follows:Š " '1. Demand that the law relating to the weekly rest day, commonly known as Sunday, be enforced by the proper authorities. " '2. Special insistence upon the enforcement of law relating to secular professional performance or to the opening of public resorts at which any charge is made for admission or seats. " '3. Special insistence upon the enforcement of the Sunday law affecting the saloon. "4. Provisions whereby Sunday labor be cur-tailed, as far as possible, and that employes who are compelled to labor seven days_ in the week shall have a reasonable proportion of their day of weekly rest for purposes of rest. "`5. Co-operation with the Retail Clerks' Associa-tion and all other organizations which stand for the reasonable enforcement of the Sunday law. " '6. The appointment of a representative commit-tee, a majority of whom shall be laymen, to take the lead in carrying out such program. "`7. The appointment of Sunday, May 13, as the day on which pastors of all the churches of Cleveland and vicinity be requested to preach upon the theme of a weekly rest day and to urge its claim upon the atten-tion of the public.'" The great evils which are referred to as the occasion of this Sunday observance movement, are plain to all; but it is one thing to show that certain evils exist, and quite another thing to provide the proper remedy. In this case the remedyŠthe Sunday lawŠis one that was provided centuries before the evil itself appeared, and provided for quite another purposeŠthat of punishing "offenses against God and religion." It was provided under a union of church and state, and was plainly put forth as a church-and state measure in the interest of religion. To defend this same thing now as being a purely civil enactment, is illogical and insincere. If it is what is claimed for it now, it is not what it wasmeant to be by its church-and-state originators. The fact that men are overworked in the great mills and factories of the land, cannot be a reason for pro-hibiting labor by individuals working for themselves alone, and of their own choice, nor for prohibiting Sun-day amusements,Šas the Sunday law does. It is alto-gether a wrong remedy for industrial ills. Proposed Change in Methodist Discipline. A RADICAL change in the discipline of the Methodist Church ie reported to be under contemplation by the representatives of this leading Protestant body. As stated in the New York Press, of April 11, it is as fol-io ws:Š "Dancing, card playing, theater parties and many other amusements heretofore under the ban of the Methodist Episcopal Church may be indulged in soon by the members of that church without breaking rules. Three State conferences in the East have asked the Gen-eral Conference to permit these amusements, and there is said to be a widespread and general desire in other State conferences that the General Conference take this action. The State conferences that have taken this action are the New York, the New York East Conference, which embraces Connecticut, and one of the New Jersey conferences. "At the New York Conference yesterday, on the mo-tion of the Rev. E. S. Tipple, of St. James's Church, of this city, the following memorial to the general body was adopted:Š "'That, Provided the committee on the constitu- tion of the church shall decide paragraph 24 of the Discipline is constitutional, the General Conference be memorialized to omit from paragraph 248 the incom-plete catalogue of prohibited amusements and to sub-stitute for the omitted clauses a paragraph in the chapter of "Special Advices" entitled "Christian Con- 