314 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the annals of history; we are committing a national crime of appallingproportions and of unsurpassed atroc-ity; is it possible that the national honor demands that we dishonor the nation? That we defame the human race? That we outrage human nature? Never! On the contrary, it is the imperative demand, not only of the national honor, but of our common humanity; of every principle of our polity; of every interest of our civiliza-tion; of every precept of our religionŠthat this unnat-ural and infamous massacre cease instantly and finally Šno matter how much it may humiliate the administra-tion that begun and continues it. The American people have no quarrel with the Filipinos; let the President and his cabinet and his commission go to Manila and fight it out. "It is useless to say that the islanders began the war. We were there in armed force; we-had taken par-tial possession; we had no thought of yielding an inch; we (at least the administration) had proclaimed to the world our fixed determination to stay and keep the islands as our own. Under such circumstances it was' perhaps unwise in the islanders to attack us, but the pro-vocation was extreme and we were t he real aggressors. If a bully invades your premises, and refuses to leave, and declares he will henceforth manage your property for you as your highly-paid agent, and develop your resources to his own advantage, and will exterminate you if you don't keep quiet, it may be imprudent for you to strike him; but it is not wrong, and neither human law nor divine justice will condemn you or admit his paltry and hypocritical plea of self-defense. "It is idle to say the islands are ours, because we half-conquered, half-bought them from Spain. They were not Spain's either to give or to sell. The robber has no right to his bootyŠeither to retain or to trans-fer. At the best, our title was merely that of a receiver of stolen goods. This flimsy pretension, even if it availed in law, would be worthless in morals, but that it has no validity even in law was months ago expressly admitted by that blind but honest leader of the blind, the Rev. Lyman Abbott. "Pitiable, too, is the pretext that we intend to give the natives good government! It is in truth easy enough to govern corpses, and we are rapidly swelling our list of such obedient subjects, but there is no reason to suppose that we could, even if we would, govern well the living population. Our government of ourselves in the com-mercial focus of our own country is an intolerable stench in the nostrils of civilization; our hundred-year guar-dianship of our Indian wards has been a 'century of dis-honor.' Even the humanest rule of the inferior by the superior is always in the interestŠthe commercial inter-estŠof the ruler, and is always oppression to which no self-respecting people will submit, except at the persua-sion of necessity. But even if it were otherwise; even if we could always supply them with model governors; with pure self-sacrificing philanthropists, . . . yet it is the ground principle of our political theory that even such paragons of virtue are not quite virtuous enough to govern any people, even their own people, much less an alien people, without the latter's consent. To aban-Ion, to repudiate, to spurn with contempt this axiom of democracy is certainly not to protect, but to profane the national honor; to annul the faith of the fathers,  and to make the name of the Republic a byword and a hissing. "No! There is one, and only one course for the sin-ner who sees his sin, and that is to repent and turn; to cease to do evil and learn to do well, and that without any delay; not to put it off and wait till a convenient season, when reformation will be cheap and pleasant and profitable, but to reform now and here, even though reformation be hard and painful and humiliating. If we have sinned before heaven and in the sight of men, as beyond question we-have, then it is natural and it is right for us to suffer, and the sooner we do penance the better. It is vain and foolish to try to evade the conse-quences of error by continuing to err; we laugh at the silly liar, who must tell two lies to hide one. Nemesis will surely overtake us, if not in this generation, then still more terribly in the next. Justice may follow with a leaden foot, but she smites with an iron hand." A Divine Protest Against War. "Present Truth," London, Eng. "THEN Simon Peter having a sword, drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus. Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath; the cup which my Father bath given me, shall I not drink it?" Jesus had said to his disciples, and to us as well, "I say unto you, That ye resist not evil," and here he showed that his words are to be taken in their plainest signification. If there was ever a place in the world when right was oppressed by might, here it was. If ever in this world the sword was drawn in a just cause, this was the time; yet Jesus rebuked it. Nothing else can be learned from this occurrence than that there are no pos-sible circumstances under which it is justifiable to use weapons of warfare. Such sentiments as the following we find given very frequent and prominent place in reli-gious journals:Š "In the last resort,Šwhen insult has been wantonly inflicted, when the obligations of honor have been wil-fully repudiated, and when every resource of peaceful di-plomacy has been exhausted,Šno self-respecting nation will be found unprepared to maintain its dignity and en-force its rights by appeal to arms." Let that serve for those nations and peoples who have no other method of maintaining their honor and dignity than that which is common to the brutes. Jesus showed that there is a better way to maintain one's dig-nity. He was insulted and abused, yet never did the native dignity of his character assert itself and shine forth more conspicuously, and so victoriously, too, than when he reproved Peter for using the sword. Unarmed, he stood before that crowd of armed men, and demon-strated himself to be their Master. Every Christian who is such indeed, has the same armor that he had. Read Eph. 6:13. For professed Christians, therefore, to take the sword in self-defense, or for any other purpose, is to 