THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 747 News, Notes 0 0 0 and Cornrnent A CANDY peddler in New York City was arrested on a recent Sunday, says a New York paper, " for the heinous offense of selling his wares to children on their way to Sunday school." .4 .4 SUNDAY, the 18th inst., the Sunday law was strictly enforced in West Superibr, Wis. A press dispatch states that " Superior never saw such a quiet Sab-bath. The mayor's order to the chief of police was obeyed to the letter, only such places as livery stables, street-cars. 'restaurants, and others expressly excepted in the city attorney's opinion, being per-mitted to run." THE Christian Endeavor World reports that " it is no dream that the Hyde Park, Chicago, Christian-citizenship committee has begun an aggressive cam-paign to secure Sunday closing, to publish a list of grocers selling wines and liquors, and to induce people to abstain from patronizing department stores that sell liquors in their grocery department or restaurants. They are toning themselves up for the work by having Elijah Tone,' and Dr. Mar-tyn's ' Christian Citizenship' read at their monthly meetings." .4 .4 CONSIDERABLE agitation was recently stirred up in Asheville, N. C., by an effort of some of the people, headed by several clergymen, to prevent a Sunday concert announced to be given in that place. The concert was given, whereupon those opposed announced that the manager would be prosecuted under the Sunday law, which, while- silent on the subject of concerts, does prohibit Sunday-  "labor." This, however, required a warrant, and as the war- rant could not be legally served on Sunday, the manager escaped by taking an immediate departure from the town. THE Catholic Standard and Times characterizes as a " cock-and-bull story " the newspaper report ex-tensively circulated, that the Pope had recently said: " I pray God to so illumine President McKinley's  mind that he may avoid the dangers of imperialism." " When the authentic version of the matter comes to' hand," says the Standard and Times, "we shall most certainly find that if such words were used by the holy Father at all, they- were accompanied by qualifications which would give them a widely dif-fe'rent meaning from that which, taken by them-selves, they would seem to bear." .4 .4 A POLICY similar to that adopted by the Spanish General Weyler in Cuba for enforcing submission of the people to Spain has been adopted by General Kitchener in the. Transvaal for the purpose of en-forcing submission to Great Britain. In Europe and even in some parts of England the system is con-demned as inhuman. .4 .4 THE American commander-in-chief in the Philippines ascribes the persistence of the inhabi-tants in resisting American rule, to "ethnological homogeneity, which induces men to respond for a time -to the- appeals of consanguineous leadership, even when such action is opposed to their own in-terest." We fail to see how this throws more light on the subject than would the simple statement that the Filipinos are fighting from love of liberty. .4 .4 SOME idea of the difficulties in which the English state church, has become involved through its con- nection with the civil poWer, may be gathered from this statement in the English Churchman of Nov. 8: " Foi- some time past the desirability or other-wise of instituting legal proceedings against some well-known London vicars, who are alleged to be conducting the services of their churches in a man-ner at variance with ecclesiastical law, has been under the consideration of leading Protestant churchmen." The offending vicars are guilty of using incense in the- church services, and in various other ways imitating the worship of the Church of Rome. Legal proceedings can be taken to oust these Romish vicars from their "livings," under the Church Discipline Act, passed by Parliament in 1840. It appears, however, that the vicars have no intention of leaving, but will, as one of them said, "resist to the very utmost" the attempt to re- 