MAY 1`9', 1894: AMMILICAN 155 said that it encourages it. A fair front is put on before the outside world, but be-hind this choice lacquer of appearance there is the silent allowanceŠor possibly worseŠof the unfairness, injustice, and tyranny already mentioned. Is Japan dealing fairly with her own subjects in allowing such a state of things ? Is she dealing honorably with the enlightened nations in whose presence she is making such an outward show of having attained, or almost attained, to the highest summit of nineteenth century civilization ? If foreign merchants were hampered in such ways as these named in this article in their business relations with native merchants, would they be apt to remain perpetually silent ? Would they not, instead of this, take immediate and forci-ble action in bringing the matter to the attention of the highest authorities through their national representatives ? Should Christian workers be any less earnest and energetic in endeavoring to remove any and all impediments to the progress and success of their business ? Can Japan be said to be dealing fairly either with its own subjects or with the Treaty "Powers while "the government" allows officials, high or low, large or small, to exercise such discretionary and despotic power over the religious liberty of those under them as the commanding officer already named has exercised, and as others are and have been exercising in other de-partments of the national service ?ŠRev. J. L. Atkinson, in Independent. The Sunday Movement in Ireland. THE spirit and animus of Sunday laws is not confined to the United States. Here in Ireland the same steps are being taken that have been traveled by the agitators in America. The Sabbath (Sunday) Ob-servance Society is making itself felt in different ways. Through its influence twenty-four ministers of different denom-inations advertised to speak on the Sab-bath question April 15. Large audiences were reported from many churches. In behalf of the Sunday and the nature of its observance the witnesses did not seem fully to agree; but as it was with the witnesses against Christ they agreed that he was worthy of death, so these all agreed that Sunday must be kept. One argued for Sunday from the fourth com-mandment which teaches the observance of the seventh day, first stating that the Sabbath was changed with the sanction of the apostles; then afterward trying to prove that Christ changed it. But the burden of the whole argument seemed to be to get the people into the church on Sunday. The special reasons given why such a general move was being made now was that the railroads andteamboats were offering inducements that would enable many to go on excursions. Another minister said, " We will take it for granted the Sabbath was changed by the proper authority." Then he argued the strict observance of Sunday from the Sabbath law. The secretary of the society said he was not arguing as to which day was the Sabbath, but was simply present-ing the laws regulating the Sabbath. He claimed a large share of the Sunday dese-cration was owing to the shops and stores keeping open late Saturday afternoon. Hence he would have Parliament enact laws shutting up places of business at a certain hour on Saturday afternoon. This would give the people time for recreation  and other necessary work so that Sunday would be protected. Of course this seems a very harmless kind of legislation. But where will the Sunday law advocates stop ? They are not, and would not be, content with shutting up the shops and stores on Sunday unless they could in some way get the people to fill their churches. And so they would make laws infringing on the rights of men to carry on their business on another day of the week so that the employed may have time for excursions, recreation, etc., so they will be willing to attend church on Sunday. From what I have seen here, however, enforced idleness means drunkenness, de-bauchery, and crime, instead of rest, de-velopment, and spirituality. There is but one way in which men can -be brought to keep the Sabbath and that is to bring them to Christ. Circumstances may force men into outward conformity, but it is only the living Christ within that can give virtue to any act. 0. 0. FARNSWORTH. Belfast, Ireland. The Growth of Congressional Religion. THE progress of the spirit of formal religion in Congress is evidenced by this debate, which took place in the House of Representatives on April 30. The extract is from pp. 5152-53, of the Congressional Record, May 1:Š The Clerk read as follows:Š That with the view of increasing the facility for religious instruction in the army, the council of administration, at a post where there is no chaplain'  is authorized to employ a minist'r of the gospel, for the purpose of religious instruction at said post, the total expenditure at each post for such pur-pose not to exceed $1,500 per annum, and no further appoint-mew s of chaplains in the army shall be made until the total number is reduced below twenty. Mr. Pickier and Mr. Bowers, of California, rose. Mr. Bowers, of California, obtained the floor. MR. FICKLER. I desire to reserve a point of order'  on this provision. MR. BOWERS, of California I make a point of order on this paragraph. I do not care to argue the ques-tion, but will simply state it. By Rule XXI. it is pro-vided:Š Nor shall any provision in any such bill or amendment thereto changing existing law be in order, except such as, being germane to the subject-matter of the bill, shall retrench expenditures by the reduction of the number and salary of the officers of the United States, by the reduction of the compen-sation of any person paid out of the treasury of the United States, or by the reduction of amounts of money covered by the bill. Now, I submit that this provision is not in line with either of the three requirements of this rule. It does not retrench expenditure in any one of the three ways which the rule contemplates. It does not reduce the number of employ4s, nor their compensation, nor the amount appropriated in the bill. In no sense can it be proper legislation upon this bill. In effect, it pro-vides for the appointment of sixty-two additional offi-cers whose yearly salary will amount to over $90,00Q, with other allowances amounting to nearly, as much. Thus this provision largely increases the amount to be appropriated hereafter by increasing the number of these officers. I do not care to discuss the matter. THE CHAIRMAN, The Chair sustains the point of order. MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. Will not the Chair hear the other side ? THE CHAIRMAN The Chair is not obliged to hear the other side ; but as a matter of courtesy will with-draw its decision and hear the gentleman. MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, this amendment reduces the number of officers, and there-fore is not subject to the point of order. Any amendment is in order under Rule XXI., which to use the words of the ruleŠ shall retrench expenditures by the reduction of the number and salary of officers of the United States. This paragraph of the bill does reduce the number of chaplains in the army from thirty-four to twenty. - The gentleman is quite mistaken as to the expenses which may be incurred under this provision. It sim-ply authorizes the employment of certain persons 'at a compensation not exceeding $1,500 a year for any post. Some large posts have a great many soldiers;  but however large the post the compensation of the person employed is not to exceed $1,500. At some of the smaller posts the expenditure will probably not  exceed $50 or $60 a year, and may be even less, and at many of the posts there would be no expenditure at all.  There is nothing  in the bill whatever to show that the expenditures would exceed more than two or three thousand dollars, which would manifestly be a great saving when we consider the number of officers that are dispensed with by the adoption of this provision in the bill. Now, Mr. Chairman, this amendment was suggested by the changed condition of the country : the army posts are now being surrounded by civilization; the frontier is a thing of the past, and at most of the army posts the necessity for having permanent chap-lains has ceased to exist. Is it not better for posts near cities for the council of administration to be au-thorized to employ ministers to visit these posts and preach, and also to visit the sick and dying, than to retain permanent chaplains ? A Catholic soldier, for instance, when he is dying, prefers to see a Catholic priest and certainly he does not want a Presbyterian minister, or a minister of any other denomination to come and administer to him, no matter how good such minister may be, and a soldier who has been reared in the Protestant religion would, of course, prefer to see a minister of his own faith. Mn.BOWERS, of California. Even if he is the chap lain of the post. Mn. WHEELER, of Alabama. My contention is that at posts which are surrounded by civilization, and where the services of ministers of the various denom-inations can be secured, it would be better to have ministers of different denominations preach from time to time than to have the same chaplain every Sunday for four years. MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman allow a question ? MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. Yes. MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. The gentleman does not mean to convey the impression, I presume, that a Catholic priest would not be admitted to any post now to administer to a dying Catholic soldier under exist-ing  law ? MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. No, by no means ; but I think there should be some provision to pay his ex-penses for going there. Take a man from Fort Sher-idan, for instance, or any post near a cityŠ MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. No minister of the gospel or priest under such conditions would ask to be remu-nerated. He regards it as a part of his duty. MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. But does not the gen-tleman think it better for a great Government like ours to pay the expenses incurred by good ministers in travelling  to and from posts rather than have them pay their own expenses ? Ministers are generally poorŠ MR. HomaNs, of Illinois. Well, make provision for them if you want to, but keep the chaplains in the posts. MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. There will be enough chaplains left for all the posts on the frontiers, where they can not have the facilities that I have suggested. MR. FICKLER. Then why do you want more chap-lains ? MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. The bill does not pro-vide for any more chaplains. I have just stated that at some of the frontier posts they ought to have chap-lains, because at those distant points there are no min-isters sufficiently near to visit the posts. Therefore the services of a chaplain are necessary, and the bill retains twenty chaplains for posts of that character. But take a place like Governor's Island, or Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Arrangements could be made in advance so as to secure the services of eminent divines to preach at those posts at times when they happened to be in New York. They could be paid a moderate sum and would be entertained by some officer at the post, and a sermon by an eminent preacher will call out every soldier and officer and everyone else at the post and would do a great deal of good. Distinguished ministers like to preach to such congregations and would readily accept such invitations. The churches at the seaside resorts are nearly all kept up in that manner. A committee of the church correspond with minis-ters of great note and in that way arrange to have one eminent divine preach one Sunday and another the next, and so on through the season. They pay them about $50, and one of the vestry entertains the minis-ter at his house. The chaplain at West Point is a very excellent, cul-tivated, and eloquent gentleman, but all will admit that it is a pretty hard task for him to preach in the same pulpit week after week and year after year all-his life, and it would be a great relief for him to have a distinguished minister to take his pulpit alternate Sundays, and the most distinguished ministers of Europe and America would gladly accept invitations to preach to the cadets. Young  men like cadets are the kind of people great preachers like to impress. MR. BOWERS, of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a question of order. I believe the only point before the committee is the point of order. Not the merits of the case. That is not before the committee now. It is the point of order on the paragraph. MR. WHEELER, of Alabama. My friend himself argued the merits, and I was only replying to him. 