556 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sands from Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas until the problem promises to be troublesome, and to arouse a strong antagonism to them. "The race question in the Southwest is generally as-suming an industrial form, which is operating unfavora-bly to the negro, by turning against him the white la-boring classes who believe that they are being crowded out of work by negro competition, or that the standard of wages is kept low because of the small pay for which negroes are willing to work. The prevalent feeling in the Southwest, therefore, particularly in those sections where there are manufactures, is that it would be wholly advantageous to get rid of the negro altogether. The result is such demonstrations as those of last week at Orange, Tex., and Tangipahoa, La., which are but two of many similar incidents occurring in all parts of the Southwest. The coming census, therefore, will show a decrease .of the negroes in most of the districts, and their congregation in the larger towns and cities, where they are badly congested and live amid bad sanitary and moral conditions." In many respects the condition of the negro in this country is approximately the old condition of slavery, which cost this nation so much between 1860 and '65. The principle that "all men are created equal" is fast being repudiated in American government, and it is being asserted that inferior races have not the rights which belong by nature to the superior races. When this doctrine shall have become established as regards the races of men, it will be a logical and easy step to the application of the same doctrine to the classes of men; and the doctrine that rights belong only to the higher classes is the foundation of monarchy. This foundation is now being rapidly laid in the United States. Have you read the book "The Spirit-filled Life"? See our offer on page 559. England's "Imperial Protestant Federation." THERE has been formed recently in England an as-sociation of Protestants having for its aim the political overthrow of the papacy in Great Britain. It takes the name of the "Imperial Protestant Federation," and publishes the following object:Š "To unite the Colonies and British Dependencies with the United Kingdom in a Federation of Protestants of all classes and Religious Denominations, determined to maintain Protestant supremacy, as opposed to Romish, Sacerdotal, or Infidel Ascend ancy, in every branch of the constitution and life of the Empire." To accomplish this it will work by the following methods:Š "1. To oppose in the Imperial Parliament, and else-where, the threefold effort now being made by Roman Catholics (a) to revise the Coronation Oath of the Sov-ereign, (b) to open the Throne of England again to a  Roman Catholic, and (c) to repeal the Bill of Rights and the Act of Settlement. "2. In order to secure united Protestant action, it is proposed to form a Central Council to carry out the objects of the Federation, and that each recognized Protestant Society be invited to send one or more repre-sentatives thereto, as may be deemed advisable in each case. "3. To aid any Parliamentary Constituency, or any Elective Body, in returning a Protestant candidate thereto, provided the Council of the Federation are sat-isfied as to the Protestantism of the candidate; and to oppose the election of any Roman Catholic, Infidel, or Atheist, to Parliament, County Councils, School Boards, Board of Guardians or Vestries. "4. To limit and curtail by every lawful means the Politico-Religious influence of the Romish Church, and of their allies, the Sacerdotalists of the Church of England, in Parliament and elsewhere. "5. To obtain a Parliamentary inquiry and subse-quent legislative action regarding the Monasteries, Nun-neries, and other 'Religious Houses' within the Domin-ions of the British Crown, with a view to ascertain (inter alia) how far British law is ignored in such Houses and Canon or Papal law substituted therefor. "6. To oppose in the Imperial and Colonial Parlia-ments, or elsewhere, any Bill or Measure proposing grants of money in aid of any Romish or Anti-Protest-ant object. "7. To enrol Protestants of all classes and of all Evangelical Denominations as members of the Fedeia-tion on each signing the Declaration, and paying a Life Donation or Annual Subscription. "8. To cooperate with Protestants throughout the world." The trouble with this Federation is that while it is Protestant in name, it is papal in spirit; and the papacy cannot be successfully combatted by another organiza-tion of like nature. It is determined "to maintain Protestant suprem-acy" in the government; but not by maintaining the Protestant principle of separation of religion from the state. For by that principle it could not oppose the election of any man to public office on religious grounds. The principle which imposes a religious test upon candidates for governmental office, is a papal principle, and is not altered by the fact that some who approve and adopt it call themselves Protestants. Being guided by this wrong principle, the Federation can make no real progress in opposing Rome. Rome can be successfully opposed only by the principles of Christianity; only as she was opposed by Luther and his fellow reformers. When people try to fight the devil with fire, they only add fuel to the conflagration. 4,  Those whose subscriptions to the Sentinel expire in September or later should not fail to read what is said to them on page 559. 