100 AMERICAN SENTINEL. -such as loading or unloading of vessels, shall not be deemed to be prohibited by this section. "4. Any offense under this act may be punished-by a fine of not exceeding ten shillings, or in default not exceeding three days' hard labor on the public roads." The purpose and siwinance of this action are well stated by an exchange, as follows:Š "The 'Sabbath day as fixed by this act' is Sunday. The first missionaries who labored in these islands, and through whose labors the people were induced to pro-fess Christianity, took no notice of the day line (longi-tude 180°), but kept on reckoning the days of the week just as they did at home. Therefore what they called the first day of the week was really the seventh day. All these many years the natives have been observing the Sabbath day, supposing that it was Sunday. But since seventh-day Christians came among them the dif-ference has become so conspicuous that the people who believe'in Sunday observance began to demand that the calendar be corrected bylaw and so 'assimilate the days of the week to those of other countries.' The Catholics began the agitation, and the missionaries of the London Missionary Society joined them in the effort. "Of course this is all done in order that there may be no mistake in the matter of Sunday observance. It did not make any difference until the fact was empha-sized that the day on which the people observed the Sabbath was, the Sabbath of the commandmentŠthe seventh day of the week. As long as they observed the day as Sunday, the first day of the week, it was all right; but when some began to observe it as the Sab-bath of the Lord, which it really is, the importance of being like the world was suddenly appreciated. Observ-ing the Sabbath on thA seventh day was a blow to Sun--day observance which the advocates of the Sunday Sabbath could not endure; hence the civil law was called in to rectify the matter, and give to the first day of the week the prominence deemed to be its due. Sunday observers often argue (when other argument fails) that it does not matter which day you keep, if you observe -one day in seven; but the argument usually includes the provisos that that one day be on Sunday, and that the ,institution be supported by state law." Honest Words by the "Washington Post." Why cannot we be honest in our utterances touch-ing the territories we have recently acquired? Really, it would save time and trouble, to say nothing of life and treasure, to come out frankly with the announcement that we have annexed these possessions in cold blood, .and that we intend to utilize them to our profit and ad-vantage. All this talk about benevolent assimilation; all this hypocritical pretense of anxiety for the moral, social, -and intellectual exaltation of the natives; all this trans-parent parade of responsibility and deep-seated purposeŠall this deceives nobody, avails nothing, helps us not an inch in the direction of profit, dignity, and honor. We all know, down in our hearts, that,  these  islands, groups, etc., are important to us only in the ratio of their Practical, possibilities. We value theraby the standard of their commercial usefulness; and by no other.Š EVasliington Post (D. C.), Jan. 14. "The Higher Powers." ROMANS 13:1 is often quoted to prove that all should yield implicit obedience to civil government, Tight or wrong. But the fact, is that it teaches something very different from this, namely, that every soul should be subject to "the higher powers"Š"the principalities and powers in heavenly places" (Eph. 3:10)Šall of which are in turn subject to-  Jesus Christ. In short, Rom. 13:1 simply puts in other phrase the latter part of Acts 5:29: "We ought to obey God rather than men." Nor *this a strained interpretation. The Scriptures plainly teach that Christ's is thehigherpower. Speaking by inspiration of God, as we learn from Num. 24:5-7, Balaam said: "How goodly are thy tents, 0 Jacob, and thy tabernacles, .0 Israel! As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river's side; as the trees of lign aloes which the Lord hath planted, and as cedar trees beside the waters. He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his King shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted." ' Again, in Ps.- 89:27 we read these words: "I will make him my first-born higher than the kings of the earth." These texts both, beyond a doubt, refer to Christ., "Water," singular, is frequently used in the 'Scriptures as the symbol of divine truth. To the woman at the well, the Saviour said: "If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water." He would have given her the word of God, which "is living and powerful." (Heb. 4:12), and which "is spirit" and "life."' John 6:63. But "waters," plural, is used as a symbol of "peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues." Rev. 17:15. With these facts in mind, read again Num. 24:5-7, and it will be at once apparent that the import of Balaam's prophecy is that by the pouring out of the water of life through the preaching of the divine word, God will have children in every nation; which is also plainly declared in Rev. 7:9, where in describing the throng, of the redeemed, John says: "I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and peoples, and tongues, stood before the throne." Such is the kingdom of Him who is "higher than Agag"Š"higher than the kings of the earth ; " and whose are "the higher powers." To the Ephesians, the apostle wrote of the power that the Father wrought in the Son "when he raised him 