888 AMERICAN SENTINEL. .drinks go around to "one country and one flag," or as the German patriots put it, "Ein country, ein flag, zwei lager." Patriotism may and often does stir the hearts in dens Łof vice to earnest wishes for the success of the national arms, but the love of country does not mold anew the character, the aspirations, the life, of any who frequent -those places. Patriotism as a life reformer is altogether inadequate to the task. The nation has called out two hundred thousand men -to fight its battles, and seven hundred thousand have applied, and yet it has been a difficult matter to fill the call with healthy, able men, because of the prevalent habit of cigarette smoking. And though this fact is widely known it is certain that cigarette smoking, unless -the law shall stop it in defense of the needs of the army, will go on as largely as ever. Men and boys are ready to rush headlong into a Łcharge, for their country, ready to sail straght into the teeth of deadly batteries, over mines and torpedoes and hidden death and mangling, ready to do and dare to the very utmost to serve the nation; but where are the men who are willing to live a pure, manly, noble life, for the nation? It is not only charging, fighting, dying, frenzied he-roes, that the country wants. It is men who shall be able to endure all hardships from day to day with the best possible chance of living through them, who shall be able to stand coarse fare, sleeping out, unhealthful sur-roundings, and to take all these with equable temper and patient performance of duty. And this want patriotism alone can never fill. What is wanted by the nation and by the times is men of character, of pure life, of right habits, of earnest will, of loyal behavior, under all circumstances. Such men are always in demand, and not the love of any earthly country can train them. Such men can only be trained by the love of heaven, the love of God, the en-during love of the meek and holy Christ. A Dark Future. IT is surprising with what unanimity thinking men of every complexion and shade of political faith recognize the unwelcome truth that by the present war and, espe-cially by the capture of the Phillipine Islands, the United States has been drawn into the maelstrom of world politics. Only a few weeks ago the leading powers of Europe, the kings of the West, became by the initiative division of China, "kings of the East" (Rev. 16:121; and now by a war, started with no reference whatever to Eastern affairs, but wholly for the liberation of Cuba, the United States has become an interested party,Šone of the powers that must necessarily have a voice in all matters affecting the East. It is thus that suddenly and unexpectedly the  world is prepared for the final act in the tragedy of history. That the very last days of the history of this present World are to be marked by armies of unparalleled mag-nitude, and by conflicts the most bloody ever witnessed, is known by even the cursory reader of the Sacred Script-ures. For a quarter of a century soldiers and statesmen, judging alone from the condition of affairs in Europe and in the East, and without reference to the word of God, have foreseen a conflict likely to change entirely not only the map of Europe but of Asia and Africa as well. And while all this time the evidence has been sufficient to con-vince practically all men that such a conflict was impend-ing, it has within the last month become almost a matter of sight. The world sees that it is coming. The only question is, when will the storm burst that is to wreck empires, overturn kingdoms and swallow up in its vortex of destruction the flower of the manhood of all civilized nations. Ever since war with Spain became a fact, and even before hostilities actually commenced, an Anglo-American alliance was hinted at as one of the possibilities. It was even suggested that a triple alliance might be formed be-tween the United States, England, and Japan. Now that war is nolonger an eventuality but an accomplished fact, the friendly attitude of England cannot be mistaken. Thnt some sort of an understanding exists between the authorities at Washington and the British Government, can scarcely be doubted. That it is in the form of an alliance nobody believes, for under our system of govern-ment such an alliance would have to be entered into by treaty, which would have to be ratified by the Senate; but that England is rendering the United States a service in the present emergency for which she may in the future justly expect a substantial return is not open to question. Of course from the standpoint of patriotism and without reference to the future, the idea of an alliance of the Anglo-Saxon nations appeals strongly to most Americans, but in view of the impending conflict which all men have long seen must involve all Europe, and which it is now seen will almost certainly involve the whole world, one can only tremble at the knowledge that. this Government has entered upon a career that can end only in involving it in a war more awful than anything that this world has ever yet witnessed. Discussing this question editorially, in connection with the recent signiflant speech by Hon. Joseph Cham-berlain, British Secretary of State for the Colonies, the St. Louis Republic, of May 17, asks, "Is it possible that we have been swiftly swept into this tempestuous sea of world politics?" and then says: "Chamberlain assumes that we have and rejoices because of it. Mr. Chamberlain counts on too much. We are not ready to enter into foreign alliances." And then as though overwhelmed by a sense of the stupendous force of probable circumstances, the Republic adds: "But the future may force us beyond our traditional policy." Sure enough! And not only may the future force us 