40 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 'F12e Ar2epicia. Sentir2el. OAKLAND, CAL., MAY, 1886. WHEN the Statesman gave so large a notice of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, we hoped that it, would continue its friendly offices; but its ed-itor and correspondents seem to be attending a perpetual " mum social." We incline to the opinion that it is their wisdom to hold their peace (Job 13 : 5) in regard to our exposure of their fallacies and sophistry. We are confi-dent that they can make no good defense when their positions are assailed by a correct line of argument. And we would be pleased if we could hope that they would come to realize this fact, and cease their efforts to undermine the founda-tions of our Government. READ carefully the article on "National Re-ligion" from the New York Independent. It is solid truth; and regard for the interests of both the Church and the State should lead all to counteract, as far as possible, the movement which will subvert our Government if it should be successful. THERE is an idea worthy of consideration in the reason given by Judge Story for the pro-hibition of a Government religion in our Na-tionalConstitution. See quotation on the first page of this paper. And the reason holds good to-day, and the safeguard is more needed now than it was then. THE " Reformers " refer to God's Government for Israel, and the kingdom of Ł Christ, as if that which they seek were in harmony with the former, and is the bringing in of the latter. We purpose to show that they err in both re-spects. Their movement is merely a human device to compass selfish ends. There is noth-ing in the Scriptures to justify it. The Price of Liberty. HALF a century ago, this motto was in con-stant use: "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." The idea was deeply fixed in the minds of the American people that vigilance must guard and wisdom preserve that boon which their valor had won. But scarcely a century has elapsed since our fathers suffered the almost incredible hardships of the Revolu-tion, and the generation that now has the wel-fare of the country in charge is forgetting the lessons of 1776, and has grown into the idea that liberty is an assured thing to this people and to their posterity, and that it no longer needs to be guarded with ever watchful care. If attention is given to the subject, it will be found that in nothing else were encroachments upon our liberties so much dreaded by our fore-fathers as in the union of Church and State. They brought with them to this land a lively sense of danger in this respect. Their own experience and observation had taught them the lesson. And the action of the puritanical party in New England had strengthened their conviction that any approach to such a union was fraught with danger to somebody's civil and religious rights. The framers of our Gov- ernment guarded against this danger in the body of the Constitution, and strengthened the safeguard in the First Amendment. They faith-fully discharged their duty to us; now it re-mains for us to faithfully preserve the blessing we have received of them. One of the worst features of our times is, that a large and influential and growing association is now putting forth the most strenuous efforts to entirely change the whole structure of our Government in this respect, and the people are not alarmed. In every direction they are gathering adherents among those who are best calculated to exert a strong influence over their fellow-men; their plans are well laid, and pur-sued with the most persistent vigor; but when the danger is pointed out, those who ought to have the liveliest interest in the matter, treat it as a joke, and ridicule the idea that such a .thing can ever be accomplished in this "land of freedom." Whether it remains a land of free-dom depends upon our vigilance and faithful-ness to our highest interests. Difficult to Learn. DR. SPEAR., of Brooklyn, N. Y., wrote an excellent bOok with the title of "Religion and the State." We shall take occasion to quote from it in the future. On the exercise of in- dividual conscience, he says:Š "There ought to be room 'in this world for all the consciences in it, without any encroach-ment upon the rights of each other; and there would be if all men, in their relations to each other, would be content to exercise their own rights of conscience in a reasonable manner. This would leave every man to determine the religious question for himself, and, as the nec-essary consequence, relieve every man from all impositions, burdens, taxes, or disabilities arising from the determination of the question by others. Though the rule is a simple one, it is, nevertheless, one of the most difficult things for bigotry to learn. The only way to learn it effectually is not to be a bigot." The Doctor's recipe is excellent, but scarcely practicable in all cases. It is somewhat as if one should say that the best antidote for a fever is not to have a fever! Unfortunately, there is a class of persons who are bigots, and how are they to learn this useful lesson? We might pity them and let them alone; but, un-fortunately again, bigotry seems to be con- tagious in some localities. Well, we promise to do all in our power to prevent its spread by letting the light into its lurking places. It flourished best in the " Dark Ages," and we do not wish for their return. THE Lancaster (Cal.) Weekly News, speaking of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and of the efforts now.being put forth to change the form of our Government, says:Š "When it is further considered that there is no poison so easily instilled into the public mind as that which is insidiously administered under the sugar-coating of double-distilled piety, it must be confessed that it is well that an alert sentinel should be put on guard before any considerable breach is made in the outer wall ' which protects our civil and religious liberties. And we will say this for the Sentinel, that its articles are ably and carefully concocted, with-out offensiveness toward the orthodox or unco gude,' and they should be read by every one  who is a Christian or pretends to be one. He who is not may also find pleasure and profit in them. Its price is only 50 cents a year, and we commend the journal to public favor." We shall never give offense to the orthodox; for we profess to be orthodox also, fully "be-lieving all things written in the law and the prophets." And this is the strongest reason why we oppose the Religious Amendment of our Constitution: Such alliances with earthly powers always have been detrimental to pure Christianity, and they cannot fail to be wher- ever they aro made. We do not wish to see the standard of religion brought any nearer to a point of worldliness than it is now. THE question has been raised as to how the religious sentiment of the coming generation will be kept up if our country is Made " a Christian nation " according to the views of the "Reformers." There can be no difficulty what-ever. Non-professors or non-church-members will not be eligible to office, and therefore every man will surely become a church-member by the time he becomes eligible to office. Infi-delity will be at a great discount under such an arrangement. There might be some necessity for preaching to the women if' they should prove so indifferent as to be willing to be out of the fashion. But that difficulty might also be removed by adopting " female suffrage," and making them eligible to office. Then "the of-fense of the cross " will have effectually ceased, and the millennium will be a fixed fact. De-lightful prospect ! DIPHTHERIA.ŠThe Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal., have for sale an excellent little book on the treatment of diphtheria. It has proved a priceless boon to many households who have followed its directions when this terrible scourge found its way into their families. It is an act of it .inanity to advise our readers of the ex-istence of this treatise. Price, in board covers, 25 cents. Address as above. "THE movement looking to the amendment of our National Constitution, so as to put our Government upon an acknowledged Christian basis, is fast growing in popularity. The pul-pit, the press, and the platformŠthe great en-gines of every reformŠare pushing forward its interests. Meetings for its discussion are mul-tiplying over the land."ŠUnited Presbyterian. Ł REV. ROBERT BAIRD said : " The putting of witches to death in Massachusetts was a legiti- mate result of the attempt to build up a sort of theocracy, having for its basis the civil institu-tions of the Jewish commonwealth." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever he uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. T R MS. SINGLE COPY, per year, 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid Ł Ł - - - - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 