[N. Y. Sun, Aug. 11, 1895.] Tux strict observance of the Lord's Day as the successor to the Jewish Sabbath is a Roman Catholic peculiarity which Protestants have retained. Indeed, when Rome, after the fourteenth century, began to relax the sever-ity of the regulations she had previously en-forced, forbidding, not only servile work but amusement on Sunday, the Puritans of King James's time adopted them without modifica-tion. No doubt it would horrify our strait-laced Sabbatarians to be told that their pet ideas are but cast-off " rags of Popery," but so they are. There is not a blue law of the bluest dye that cannot be paralleled by the Sunday laws of the Roman Catholic rulers of England and of France from the sixth to the fifteenth century. Any one who doubts thi's may have his doubts removed by consulting Hessey's " Sunday" and Neal's " Feasts and Fasts."  * Mr. Allison did not pay the costs. and the sheriff started with him,to Atlanta to put him in the chain-gang,. He was released, however. en route, an unknown friend having set-tled the costs without his knowledge--En. SENTINEL. National Reform Allies. The several societies that are more or less actively the allies of the effort to obtain religious legislation, which if it is successful, would disfranchise a vastly larger number than they have enlisted in the effort, are, the Sunday League of America; the National Reform Association; the Woman's Christian Temperance Union; and as far as possible, the members of these organizations are united in the third party Prohibition Party, mak-ing the utmost display with the number of the individuals that are involved. In 1887, the organ of the National Reform Association stated: " The political aim of Christianity is to bring forth a time in which Christianity shall control the caucus, religion * We think that Mr. Buell greatly underrates the strength of the National Reform forces in thus limiting it to the four denominations named. In his book, "Practical Christian Sociology," Mr. Crafts,' a Presbyterian, says: " The civil kingship of Christ is not a mere denominational peculiarity of the Covenanters and United Presbyterians. It is nowhere more ably defended than in one of the ' Popular Lectures' of the late Prof. A. Hodge, D. D., of Princeton, whose name, with those of equally illustrious ministers from all the great branches of the Protestant Church, was enrolled among the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association." It is true, however, that the denominations named by Mr. Buell are the prime movers in this assault upon the American sys tern of government ŠED. SENTINEL. 68 A.IMEELICAN SJENrillINTIE1-1 VoL. 11, No. 9. testimony before the courts. No one was an-noyed or disturbed by the plowing, but the act violated the statute. The State had fixed by statutes a sabbath and attempted to com-pel its observance by the enforcement of civil penalties. Now a sabbath is a religious institution and when a State decrees religions institu-tions, and attempts to compel conformity, it violates and nullifies its own constitution, and the Constitution of the United States, both of which guarantee religious liberty to all the people, and forbid legislation on matters of religion. As to Mr. Allison, the judge pro-nounced him a worthy and estimable man, with nothing against him, save this charge of plowing on Sunday. The judge, however, told the defendant that he would let him off easy this time, by simply paying the costs; but if he came before him again, he would not fare so well. The costs, or the chain-gang! And further advised him that if he could not obey the laws, he had better move out of the State.*° A letter received by a New York journal from a gentlemen in Atlanta, Ga., late in June last, stated that a few days previous, he visited one of his brethren " in a loathesome prison, enclosed in an iron cage, with in-cendiaries, thieves and murderers, awaiting their departure for the chain-gang. He had done some work on Sunday, having ob-served Saturday as his Sabbath." The clerk of the court told him he had lived neighbor to this condemned man for years and there was not a better man in the county. The sheriff declared him to be a good man. After prayer together they parted. It is to be noted that in all the other States where these harsh laws exist against the Seventh-day Baptists, the informers against them are almost invari-ably professing Christians, and not infidels, nor drunkards, nor pagans; quite frequently ministers of the gospel. In one case at least, shame to say, a Baptist minister, who proba-bly never heard of Baptists being persecuted for, conscience' sake: They of all others should " remember those in bonds as bound with them." Of the hundreds of thousands of the Baptist faith in Georgia, there are not a few who occupy high and influential positions in the State. It would be strange if they did not strive to remove this foul stain of religious persecution from the record of so noble a commonwealth. CAST-OFF RAGS OF POPERY. RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. Danger to Liberty Lurking in Bills that are now before Congress. [By Mr. Charles E. Buell, Chief of the Division of Church Statistics in the Eleventh U. S. Census.] THERE is urgent need that the public should better understand what has been attempted in the past, and is being done in the present Congress, in the way of religious, class legis-lation. In 1829-30 the United States Senate was called upon to consider the question of a civil enactment for enforcing Sunday-observance, particularly in the matter of stopping the transportation of mails; and, in the report that was then made by the Senate Committee, the situation was stated, in brief, as fol-lows:Š The committee would hope that no portion of the citizens of our country would willingly introduce a system of religious coercion in our civil institutions; the example of other nations should admonish us to watch carefully against its earliest indications. . . . Among all the religious persecutions with which al-most every page of history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has wisely withheld from our Government the power of defining the divine law. . . . Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle, which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future meas-ures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence, and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the con-sequence. The evils which this wise body of Senators warn us against are the very same .which those who are now urging similar legislation, openly claim that they desire to bring into existence. The proposed religious legislation is very similar to that which, from year to year, has been urged before both branches of Congress, at a considerable cost; for religious legislation is, like other legislation, attended with ex-pense. Like former efforts the measures that are now urged are represented in two bills. One is a joint resolution proposing an amend-ment lo the Constitution, acknowledging Al-mighty God as the source of all power and authority; and Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of supreme authority in civil affairs, etc. Who Are Urging These Measures? The Reformed Presbyterians are the authors of the measure for amending the Constitution, as suggested in the above mentioned resolu-tion. There are four denominations of Reformed Presbyterians that, more or less strenuously, urge that the civil government shall formally recognize God in our Constitution. These denominations differ among them-selves as to the extent to which their protest against existing conditions should be carried. Some of them refuse, because the Constitution of the United States does not contain a phrase acknowledging the existence of Al-mighty God, the supremacy of Christ, and the authority of the Scriptures, to " incorpor- ate with the political body," and hence do not participate in elections, and in other political rights and duties. Others protest against " a godless government," but are not actually debarred from voting. The first of these denomination is the Synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, a branch that was organized in 1809, and had, in 1890, 10,574 enrolled members, in nineteen States. The Synod's " Terms of Ecclesiastical Com-munion " declares that those accepting mem-bership are pledged to labor for the " con-stitutional reform," above recited, and to refuse to " incorporate by any act with the political body until this blessed reformation is secured." The members of this branch, therefore, do not take part in state or national elections. They neither vote nor hold office. The next of these, the General Synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, organized in 1833, permits members to exercise their franchise and to hold office, but under restraints that keep them from voting. They are not permitted to lend themselves to elect to any office that will require an oath to sup-port the Constitution, or to vote for men who would administer such an oath. This denom-ination numbers 4,602 enrolled members scat-tered through nine States. The third of these is the most strict of all; but numbers only 37 members. The last numbers 600 members, and these are known respectively as the Reformed Presbyterian Church (Covenanted), and the Reformed Presbyterian Church in the United States and Canada. If it were not for the constant agitation by these four religious bodies, the effort to bring about obnoxious religious class legis-lation by Congress would undoubtedly die out.* The regular Presbyterian denominations should not be confounded with these above-mentioned, for while they furnish a contingent that, having heard but one side of the ques-tion, assent to the work that is being urged by the Reformed Presbyterians, and un-doubtedly furnish money towards maintain-ing " the Christian Lobby," and for promot-ing the projects, they do not originate such legislation. The Presbyterian Church, con-sidered as distinct from the Reformed Pres-byterians, comprises eight denominations, and aggregates a membership of more than a million persons. 