616 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE pope has addressed a letter to the Brazilian bishops, in which he tells them they should interest themselves in public affairs, and that leading priests might well even enter congress, for the benefit of reli-gion and their native land. And this, we may add, is good Catholic doctrine in the United States. * * TOUCHING the subject of the outcry raised by some would-be reformers over the prevalence of Sunday labor, it is stated on good authority that "out of 1,100,000 in Massachusetts engaged in gainful occupations, only 37,000 are employed on Sundays. This does not in-clude those in domestic service, but does include 18,000 persons employed on railroads and steamboats. The remaining 19,000 are employed in hotels, restaurants, and other miscellaneous industries. There is no in-crease of Sunday labor, except in the business of trans-portation." * * BECAUSE of the test through which Admiral Dewey passed so successfully in Manila bay, on May 1 of last year, the American people have accorded him an unpre-cedented welcome home, and in so doing have imposed upon him the greatest test of all; for any man that can receive such homage and flattery as has been tendered him, without having his head completely turned and falling into the snare which pride sets for every finite mortal, is a most extraordinary man among his fellows. We sincerely hope that Admiral Dewey may again prove to be equal to the occasion, and may escape the harm which his well-meaning but unthinking friends have sought to do to him. * * THE advocates of an imperial policy for this nation never tire of instituting comparisons between the Filip-ino leader, Aguinaldo, and the revered "first American," George Washington; much to the disadvantage, of course, of the former. Having settled the point that Aguinaldo is in no way worthy .of comparison with Washington, they assume that no question can remain of the superior rights of Washington and his followers over those of Aguinaldo and his followers, and the case for imperialism is proved. * BUT thereby they expose the fatal weakness of their cause, judge I from the standpoint of American princi-ples of government. For under those principles, no question is raised regarding the mental and moral qual-ifications of one man in comparison with another, or of one set of men in comparison with another set. With those principles there is no respect of persons; but it is expressly declared that "all men are created equal" in the matter of natural rights. And nothing could more plainly show the unamerican character of the plea made in behalf of imperialism than the fact that it assumes that men have not equal rights because they have not equal intelligence and capabilities. THAT Aguinaldo can not be compared with Washing-ton, is true enough. But this has nothing at all to do with the question. The distinctively American doctrine is that all men have equal rights in spite of any and all inequalities between them. The poor ignorant negro slave toiling for his white master in the South, could not be compared with Washington; but the United States fought a most dreadful civil war to establish the doc-trine that that poor slave had equal rights with the white man; and that doctrine, having been established at such a fearful cost to the nation, ought to be re-spected and maintained in this land to day. * * THE doctrine that all men have equal rights is a di-vine necessity. If it were not true, the gospel itself would not be true; and to deny one is to deny the other. Upon no other basis than that of the truth of this doctrine could the gospel work be carried on. For the gospel re-quires each man to believe for himself, to work out his own salvation, to give account of himself before God; and to do this he must be independent. If it could be right that a man should be the property of his fellow-man, subject to the will of his owner, God could not rightfully hold that man responsible for not exercising a will of his own for the salvation of his soul. God could not rightfully require a man to stand independently of all others in the day of Judgment, if he were not right-fully independent before that day. * * * IT is true that the doctrine of equal rights has been but little recognized in the history of the world, and that the work of the gospel has proceeded in the earth under the most despotic forms of government. And it is true that the gospel forbids men to rise in rebellion against the government. But this is required in recog-nition of the power and supremacy of God, and not in recognition of the justice of the government. The gos-pel counsels all men to live in peace, but never sanctions governmental injustice. It has been proclaimed to the people living under monarchical government, but has.  never admitted the truth of the claims made by mon- 