AiktigntA.Ni n nNelit'INIMr 4. VOL. S, 140. to complete a technical education and to broaden the mind. The school will be attended by men and women who are too much occupied during the week to study. It may be said that all such might attend night schools, and no doubt some of them do, but the person who is exhausted by a hard day's work is at a great disadvantage in trying to learn at. night. This kind of Sunday-school will not interfere with any other school, Sunday or secular. It will supplement them all. Undoubtedly it has a great future.--N. Y. World. The Christian Sabbath.* THE GENUINE OFFSPRING OF THE UNION OF THE HOLY GHOST AND THE CATHOLIC CHURCH HIS SPOUSE. THE CLAIMS OF PROTESTANTISM TO ANY PART THEREIN PROVED TO BE GROUNDLESS, SELF-CONTRADICTORY AND SUICIDAL. WHEN his satanic majesty, who was "a murderer from the beginning," " and the father of lies," undert000k to open the eyes of our first mother, Eve, by stimula-ting her ambition, " you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil," his action was but the first of many plausible and suc-cessful efforts employed later in the seduc-tion of millions of her children. Like Eve, they learn too late, alas ! the value of the'inducements held out to allure her weak children from their . allegiance to God. Nor does the subject-matter of this discussion form an exception to the usual tactics of his sable majesty. Over three centuries since he plausibly represented to a large number of discon-tented and ambitious Christians the bright prospect of the successful inauguration of a " new departure," by the abandonment of the church instituted by the Son of God, as their teacher, and the assumption of a new teacherŠthe Bible aloneŠas their newly-fledged oracle. The sagacity of the evil one foresaw but the brilliant success of this maneuver. Nor did the result fall short of his most sanguine expectations. A bold and adventurous spirit was alone needed to head the expedition. Him, his satanic majesty soon found in the apostate monk, Luther, who himself repeatedly testifies to the close familiarity that ex-isted between his master and himself, in his " Table Talk," and other works pub-lished in 1558 at Wittenburg, under the inspection of Melancthon. His colloquies with Satan on various occasions, are tes-tified to by Luther himselfŠa witness worthy of all credibility. What the agency of the serpent tended so effectually to achieve in the garden, the agency of Luther achieved in the Christian world. fi Give them a pilot to their wandering fleet, Ł Bold in his art, and tutored to deceit; Whose hand adventurous shall the helm misguide To hostile shores, or 'whelm them in the tide. As the end proposed to himself by the evil one in his raid on the church of Christ was the destruction of Christianity, we are now engaged in sifting the means adopted by him to ensure his success therein. So far they have been found to *This is the third of the Mirror's articles on I his subject. We leave Sunday-keeping Protestants to reflect on what has been said and to find what comfort they can in the fact that they are following Rome in doing despf e to the divine law. We are prepared to furnish a limited number of extra copies of the papers containing these articles. -PuBLISHERS. t Of course we have not the least sympathy with what is here said about Luther. Only the Lutherans think that Luther had all the truth, but his was nevertheless a grand work. Had it only continued as it began Papists would not now be taunting " Protestants ' with the inconsistency of professing to accept the Bible alone and then following the traditions of the Catholic Church.ŠEDITOR. be misleading, self-contradictory and fal-lacious. We will now proceed with the further investigation of this imposture. Having proved to a demonstration that the Redeemer, in no instance, had, during the period of his life, deviated from the faithful observance of the Sabbath (Satur-day), referred to by the four evangelists fifty-one times, although he had desig-nated himself, " Lord of the Sabbath," he never having once, by command or prac-tice, hinted at a desire on his part to change the day by the substitution of another Ł, and having called special atten-tion to the conduct of the apostles and the holy women, the very evening of his death, securing beforehand spices and ointments to be used in the embalming of his body the morning after the Sab-bath (Saturday), as St. Luke so clearly informs us (Luke 24ch. lv.); thereby placing beyond peradventure, the divine action and will of the Son of God during life by keeping the Sabbath steadfastly; and having called attention to the action of his living representatives after his death, as proved by St. Luke; having also placed before our readers the indisputable fact that the apostles for the following thirty years (Acts) never deviated from the practice of their divine Master in this particular, as St. Luke (Acts 18ch., 4v.) assures us : " And he [Paul] reasoned in the synagogues every Sabbath [Saturday,] and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks." The Gentile converts were, as we see from the text, equally instructed with the Jews to keep the Saturday, having been con-verted to Christianity on that day, " the Jews and the Greeks"collectively. Having also called attention to the texts of the Acts (9), bearing on the exclusive use of the Sabbath by the Jews and Chris-tians for thirty years after the death of the Saviour as the only day of the week observed by Christ and his apostles, which period exhausts the inspired record, we now proceed to supplement our proofs that the Sabbath (Saturday) enjoyed this exclusive privilege by calling attention to every instance wherein the sacred record refers to the first day of the week. The first reference to Sunday after the resurrection of Christ is to be found in St. Luke's gospel 24ch., from 33 to 40vs., and in St. John's 20ch. 19v. The above texts themselves refer to the sole motive of this gathering on the part of the apostles. It took place on the day of the resurrection (Easter Sunday) not for the purpose of inaugurating " the new departure" from the old Sabbath (Satur-day) by keeping " holy " the new day, for there is not a hint given of prayer, exhor-tation or the reading of the Scriptures, but it indicates the utter demoralization of the apostles by informing mankind that they were huddled together in that room in Jerusalem "for fear of the Jews," as St. John, above quoted, plainly informs us. The second reference to Sunday is to be found in St. John's gospel, 20th chapter, 26th to 29th verses : " And after eight days, the disciples were again within, and Thomas with them." The resurrected Redeemer availed himself of this meeting of all the apostles to confound the in-credulity of Thomas, who had been absent from the gathering on Easter Sunday evening. This would have furnished a golden opportunity to the Redeemer to change the day in the presence of all his apostles, but we state the simple fact that, on this occasion, as on Easter day, not a  word is said of prayer, praise or reading of the Scriptures. The third instance on record, wherein the apostles were assem-bled on Sunday, is to be found in Acts 2d chapter 1st verse: " The apostles were all of one accord in one place." (Feast of PentecostŠSunday.) Now, will this text afford to our biblical Christian brethren a vestige of hope that Sunday substitutes, at length, Saturday ? For when we in-form them that the Jews had been keep-ing this Sunday for 1500 years, and have been keeping it eighteen centuries after the establishment of Christianity, at the same time keeping the weekly Sabbath, there is not to be found either consolation or comfort in this text. Pentecost is the fiftieth day after the Passover, which was called the Sabbath of weeks, consisting of seven times seven days; and the day after the completion of the seventh weekly Sab-bath day, was the chief day of the entire festival, necessarily Sunday. What Is-raelite would not pity the cause that would seek to discover the origin of the keeping of the first day of the week in his festival of Pentecost, that has been kept by him yearly for over three thousand years ? Who but the biblical Christian, driven to the wall for a pretext to excuse his sacri-legious desecration of the Sabbath, always kept by Christ and his apostles, should have resorted to the Jewish festival of Pentecost for his act of rebellion against his God, and his teacher, the Bible ? Once more the biblical apologists, but for the change of day, call our attention to the Acts 20th chapter, 6th and 7th verses : " And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread," etc. To all appearances, -the above text should furnish some conso-lation to our disgruntled biblical friends, but being a marplot, we cannot allow them even this crumb of comfort. We reply by the axiom: " Quod probat nimis, pro-bat nihil." " What proves too ranch, proves nothing." Let us call attention to the same Acts 2d chapter 46th verse : " And they, continuing daily in the tem-ple and breaking bread from house to house," etc. Who does not see at a glance that the text produced to prove the exclu-sive prerogative of Sunday, vanishes into thin airŠan ignis fatuusŠwhen placed in juxtaposition with the 46th verse of the same chapter ? What the biblical Chris-tian claims by this text for Sunday alone, the same authority, St. Luke, informs us was common to every day of the week: " And they, continuing daily in the tem-ple, and breaking bread from house to house." One text more presents itself apparently leaning towards a substitution of Sunday for Saturday. It is taken from St. Paul's 1 Ep. Cor. 16th chapter 1st and 2nd verses : " Now concerning the collection for the saints." " On the first day of the week, let every one of you lay by him in store," etc. Presuming that the request of St. Paul had been strictly attended to let us call attention to what had been done each Saturday during the Saviour's life, and continued for thirty years after, as the Acts inform us. The followers of the Master met "every Sabbath" to hear the Word of God; the Scriptures were read " every Sabbath day." " And Paul as his manner was to reason in the synagogue every Sabbath, interposing the name of the Lord Jesus," etc., Acts 18th chapter 4th verse. What more absurd conclusion than to infer that reading of the Scriptures, prayer exhorta- 