THE IS..IVIERICA.N. SENTINEL. On this Judge Prendergast says :Š With all proper deference to the State Superin-tendent it must be said that this circular improperly construes the Bennett Law as conferring a; right upon. School Boards to subject_ private schools to their: approval or, disapproval and as vesting in School Boards the right to determine the extent and the ,subjecC of instruction to be acquired by chib dren attending private schools. Wow:,  With, all proper deference to the Judge =we inquire, which is right, he or the__State,SUpOintendent ? The controlling section of the whole law, the one section that governs and defines all the others, so far as any school is concerned, is section 5. That distinctly declares that "no school shall be regarded as a school under this act, unless there shall be taught therein, as part of the elementary education of children, reading, writing, arithmetic, and United States history, in the English language." This is the only thing that constitutes A scho61 under this act. Wherever the word " school " is used in the act therefore, whether it be called public or private, it means only such a school as is there de-scribed, and that is the only kind of a thing. that will count. Althc'igh it be a private school;  it counts for nothing under this act, unless there shall be taught therein what is named in this section and in the English language as the .section says. Now Section 1 says, " Every parent or other person having under his control a child between the ages of seven and four-teen years, shall annually cause such child to attend some public or private day school, for a period of not less than twelve weeks in each year." That is to say that every person having control of a child be-tween the ages of seven and fourteen years shall cause that child to attend, not less than twelve weeks in each year, such a school as is defined in section 5. He might send the child every day in the year to g school in which the branches named were not taught in the English lan-guage,- yet in the purview of this act he has not sent the child to school at all; and it will not count any more than if the child had not seen a' school. So far then as private schools are contemplated in the Bennett Law, it annihilates them unless they conform to section 5. And if they do conform to section 5, they are virtu-ally annihilated anyhow because then they areŁ under State control 'and so become State schools instead of private schools: So far then every child must attend such a school as is defined in section 5, at least twelve weeks in each year. Now who is to fix the time ? Who is to say What particular twelve weeks of -the year they shall be ? Section 1 continues, say-ing: "Which number of weeks shall be fixed by the Bociffd of Education or Board of. Directors of the city, town, or district; and-for a portion or portions thereof, to be so, fixed by such Boards, the attendance shall be consecutive; provided that such  Boards shall not fix such compulsory period at more than twenty-four weeks of each year." If that does not subject'  private schools to Boards of Eclucatioir and Board of Directors, anywhere front twelve to twenty-four weeks in each year just as they shall see fit, then it would be impossible to frame a statute that would do So: Now does the Bennett Law subject pri-vate schools "to the approval or disap-proval" of School Boards ? Section 2, pro-vides that " from attendance at school required by this act," that is from attend-ance at such a school as is defined by section 5, any child shall be excused " by the Board of Education or SchoolDirectors, upon its being shown, to their satisfaction, that instruction has otherwise been given for a like period of time to such child in the elementary branches commonly taught in the public schools, or that such child has already acquired such elementary branches of learning." By this the power is conferred upon the School Boards to pass upon the system of in-struction employed in any private school. It must be shown to their satisfaction that the children who do not attend the public school, have received in another place such instruction as is required by the public-school curriculum. This must be shown to the satisfaction of the Boards; and the Boards themselves are the ones who are to decide whether the presentment is sat-isfactory or not. Therefore, if the Ben-nett Law does not subject private schools to the approval or, disapproval of School Boards, and vest in those Boards the power to determine the extent and the subject of instruction to be acquired by children attending private schools, then it would be impossible to do so without spe-, cifically stating it in so many words. Accordingly the State Superintendent said :Š Parents, guardians, and others who may elect other means than the public school of the district hi which they reside for the education of children under their charge or control, when summoned by the School Board of their district, must show suf-ficient reasons for non-attendance of their children upon the public school. But of this instruction Judge Prender-gast says :Š This is the meaning and effect of the injudicious Illinois Statute, but it is certainly not the meaning or effect of the Bennett Law. Nevertheless it is clear that the State Superintendent states the matter rightly. By the law, if a child is not in the public school, the parent or guardian must an-swer for it under penalty of froin three to twenty dollars. If the parent or guardian says that the child goes to a private school, then he must show to the satisfac-tion of the School Board that the child re-ceives there such instruction as is required by the public school course. If the child is in neither a public nor a private school, then also it must be shown to the satisfac-tion of the School Board, that he has re- ceived or is receiving elsewhere the in-struction required by the law and in the English language as the law requires. It is, certain therefore that the State Stiper-intendent has interpreted the law accord-ing to its evident _.intent. Again the Superintendent said In extent the instruction must not be less than that prescribed by rule adopted by the Board. In subjects the instruction must include reading, writing, arithmetic, and United States historY in the English language as provided in the fifth section of the act in question. And upon this, Judge Prendergast re-marks :Š The act nowhere confers upon School Boards au-thority to prescribe the extent of instruction that children must receive in private schools. There is a technical turn, by which alone this statement can be true. It is true that the act nowhere confers upon School Boards authority to prescribe the greatest extent of instruction that children must receive in private schools. But it is certainly true that it does-  confer upon School Boards authority to prescribe the least extent to which instruction can be given there. The act distinctly says that the number of weeks of compulsory at-tendance shall be fixed by the School Boards; and the period shall not be less than twelve, nor more than twenty-four weeks in each year. But when thiS period has been fulfilled, the other private school may go on all the other weeks of the year, and the School Board has nothing to say about it. If the. School Board in the present year shall fix the period at sixteen weeks in which instruction shall be given ac-cording to Łthe terms of the law, the in-struction must not be less than this in ex-tent. That is what the Superintendent said and that is what the law says. And the technicality that saves the Judge's criticism from being false is hardly worth the trouble of using. If now we have removed any misappre-hensions as to what the Bennett Law is; if we have dispelled any misbelief of what it is, and have assisted in any way in making plain what it really is, so that the opposition may be concentrated upon it and directed definitely against it for ex-actly what it is, we are satisfied with this effort. The Bennett Law and the Illinois Law are both distinct and positive, inva-sions of the rights of the parent and the rights of the people. We hope they both may be annihilated as they propose to annihilate the private school. A. T. J. A DENVER paper says : " The advocates of Sunday legislation are finding fault with Denver Sunday recreations, and will endeavor to close Elitch's Zoo, stop the Berkeley motors, and shut off the City Park concerts. The last-named is not so much an eye-sore, however, as the con-certs do not occur until 4 P. H. The sky is ruddy, however, with an effort to force people to either remain at home on Sun, day or go to church." 