752 AMERICAN SENTINEL. peared to five hundred brethren at once. One would have thought that such evidence would have been suffi-cient to have equipped them for any future trial." "I should think so," said Cecil. "What more could have been necessary? It seems to me that could I have witnessed such proofs, no further doubt would have beset me, and that I should have been able to go to prison or death for his sake, so sure would I have been that divine power would have sustained me." "And yet, Cecil, they had still more to sustain them in this outside way; for where did Christ take them for a last interview?" "I don't remember, Aleck." "To the Mount of Olives. You have your Bible, or here is mine. Now read in Acts 1:9-11." "'And when he had spoken these things, while they yet beheld, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold two men stood by them in white apparel; which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.' They had the privilege of seeing Christ ascend in the clouds. They had the assurance of the angels of his return, and yet they were to wait for that which would qualify them to stand true to God in theface of the world's opposition. "For what were they to wait, Aleck." "You may read the fourth verse of Acts 1." "`And being assembled together with them, Com-manded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which saith he, ye have heard of me.' "Now, Cecil, what was that promise? Read the next verse." " 'For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence." "Now what would this endow them with? Read the 8th verse." "And ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." "There you have it, Cecil. The greatest outward manifestation, the convincing of the head, is not suffi-cient to keep us true to the principle of utter reliance on God. But 'ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you.' In the history of the apostles we will see the results of this power." F. B. B. Taking a Drop. COME in, Patrick, and take a drop of something," said one Irishman to another. "No, Mike; I'm afraid of drops ever since Tim Flaherty died." "Well, what about Tim?" " He was one of the liveliest fellows in these parts. But he began the drop business in Barney  Shannon's saloon. It was a drop of something out of a bottle at first. But in a little while Tim took a few drops too much, and then he dropped into the gutter. He dropped his place, he dropped his coat and hat, he dropped his money; he dropped everything but his thirst for strong drink. Poor Tim! But the worst is to come. He got crazy with drink one day and killed a man. And the last time I saw him he was taking his last drop with a slipping noose around his neck. I have quit the drop-ping business, Mike. I have seen too many good fellows when whiskey had the drop on them. They took just a drop from the bottle, then they dropped into the gutter, and they dropped into the grave. No rum seller can get a drop in me any more, and if you don't drop him, Mike, he will drop you."ŠSelected. 1* Ł -41-4, Studies in French History. Š49. "To-DAY, we will learn a little about a great man named Colbert, in connection with the reign of Louis XIV., whose minister and adviser he became after the vain Fouquet was banished." "Excuse me, professor," said Milly Brown, blushing, "but I don't remember that you have told us how King Louis looked. I'd like to know, if you please." "Well, Hilly, I think it is a good plan to form a men-tal picture of those people whose history we are study-ing; so I will mention that this king who, by the way, reigned longer than any of the kings of France, was a short man in stature, and because of this fact he always wore a large wig having very stiff curls, which would stand up on his royal head and so make him seem taller; for the same reason he wore boots with heels that were four inches high." "Why," smiled Milly, "he must have felt as if he were walking on stilts." "I suppose he was as vain as he was ignorant. His-tory says that he could neither read nor write, and yet on account of the victories which he gained over the sur-rounding countries, he was called Louis the Great. "Whatever the king did was the fashion at once; so it soon became the style to wear high heels and pomp-ous-looking wigs. It also became stylish,Šnot because it was right, but because the king did so,Što be very polite. But the bad part of it was that this smooth way of talking covered up a great deal of deceit and hypoc-risy. "When the great and good man Colbert became min-ister, or chief adviser of the king, he found that the coun-try was in a most deplorable condition. The working people were paying enormous taxes, while the rich did not pay any at all. This so impoverished the poor peo-ple that they were actually forced to eat grass and rootsŁ  to keep alive." "I don't see why they didn't raise food in their gar-dens," said Maggie Palmeter. "Seems to me it would have been just the thing." 