AMERICAN SENTINEL. 717 when we appeal to the Scripture to settle this point of Christian duty, we find no instruction on the point at all. To say nothing of instructions as to how a Chris-tian should vote, we cannot even find any declaration that he should vote at all. Bur it is certain, nevertheless, that the inspired Word gives a complete statement of Christian duty, not only for the time in which it was written, but for Christian people and all others to-day. To say less than this would be to impeach the wisdom or deny the power of God. And therefore it is certainly true that whatever so-called Christian duty cannot be found stated in that Word to-day, is not a Christian duty at all. IT is not enough for clergymen to say, "Vote, and vote right." It is not enough for them to say, on their own authority and by their own wisdom, what vote is right. Christian duty rests on no such basis. Let them point out that duty resting on the basis of the plain words of Scripture; and if they cannot do this, let them cease to talk further of it as "Christian." Notes on the Civic-Philanthropic Conference. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. (Concluded.) THE Rev. P. J. 1VIeVeety, presiding elder Albion District, Mich., told how he had at one time, whoa threat-ened and cursed by certain men who were trying to es-tablish a gambling house in town, and which he was try-ing to prevent by calling on the officials and prominent citizens of the place, shook his fist under their nosesŠand he went through the performance on the platformŠand told them to do theirworst but that they would find out who would get the worst in such an affair. When Dr. Holmes had a chance to speak again, he said that however strange, impracticable and extreme might seem his propositions, he never expected to advo-cate and proclaim any such method as had been advo-cated and proclaimed there by a preacher and a mission-ary. That even though men might be seeking his life, he could not but regard it as morally wrong for him to retaliate by taking their lives. He would offer no resis-tance. As to Roman slavery being worse than the pres-ent, he pointed to particular trades and instances that he knew of in which men were driven so hard that they could last only a few years and then were turned out physical wrecks to starve. No such state of things had ever existed in any previous system of slavery, because the slave was property and it did not pay to abuse him. Strong objection had been made to his proposition that all men were of equal value and that they should all re- ceive equalŠnamely, what they need. It was declared that all men are not of equal valueŠthat some were worthless; that those who were industrious and frugal in early life would be comfortable in old age, but that those who were improvident and wasteful would not be com-fortable in old age, and that no system could be devised that would make them comfortable. Some men had more talents and abilities than others and were therefore worth more to society. He replied that he remembered that a great teacher had once given a parable in which the truth of his proposition was illustrated, that in this parable some labored all day long, and others labored only one hour, but "he gave to every man a penny." President Blanchard, of Wheaton College, gave a most impartial and judicial exposition of the question. He said that the time had arrived when it was almost impossible to consider this question from anything but a partisan standpoint, if one expected to be listened to with approval, or indeed heard at all. He carefully and at length stated all the grievances that are brought for-ward by the average wage-earner against capital. Then he stated the case of the wage earners as made out by themselves. It was easy to see that there was justice and injustice on both sides. It was true that labor was not getting its fair reward, that it was in many instances defrauded by capital. But equally true were the state-ments by the wage-payers that many of those who make the loudest complaints are worthless and that it is a loss in most instances to employ them, that they are impro-vident and spend their money recklessly; that those per-sons who are sober, industrious and frugal get along all right. That a mining town in which it was necessary to distribute food to the needy inhabitants, and yet in which fifty-one saloons did a thriving business, could not be made comfortable at any wages or by any sum of money. Each side insists that the fault is entirely on the other side, and they have no use for a person who takes any other view of the matter. President Blanchard thought that the great mistake that was made by socialists and other reformers, and also by rich men who had attempted to help their em-ploy4s, was the ignoring of the fact that man is more than so many pounds of flesh and bone; that he has a spiritual nature, and that the remedy which only minis-ters to and comforts his body can never supply his needs. He did not believe that any system that simply made the bodies of men comfortable would be able to maintain even that comfort long. Owing to the constitution of man, he could not believe that any system would ever come in which all would be equally comfortable and well cared for. It seemed to him a law of nature and a law of God that industry and frugality had their reward, and that idleness and improvidence had their penalty. That those who were saving and industrious in youth would be comfortable in old age, and that those who were not, who would not deny themselves at present for future needs, would not be comfortable, and could not be made 'so under any system. That a system that made all men 