living God took place; man, as under the overpowering sway of sense and sensual lust, proportionally weakened, therefore, in his moral freedom, was unable any longer to con-ceive of the Divinity as a pure, spiritual, su-pernatural, and infinite Being, distinct from    the world, and exalted above it. And thus it followed inevitably, that, with his intel-lectual horizon bounded and confined within SUN worship was doubtless the earliest the limits of nature, he should seek to satisfy form of idolatry, as it was also the most de- the inborn necessity of an acknowledgment American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. SUN WORSHIP. dl 11 VIII II I  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 23. NEW YORK, JUNE 4, 1896. Price, Three Cents.   over man's original consciousness of the Divinity," says Dollinger,' " and, in consequenCe of his own guilt, an estrangement of the creature from the one basing. In all probability the orb of day was first adored, not as God, but as his most fitting repre- sentative. That it soon came to lyo regarded as God was not only the logical but even the necessary re-sult. To the sun was early ascribed life-giving power. His rays shining on the earth caused her to bring forth her fruits in their seasons. All na-ture responded to his genial warmth. What was more natural than that man, forgetting the Source of all light and life, into whose presence he was no longer per-mitted to come, should change " the truth of God into a lie," and worship and serve "the creature more than the Creator"? " A dark cloud stole In the Temple of Osiris. and reverence of the Divinity by the deifica-tion of material nature; for even in its ob-scuration, the idea of the Deity, no longer recognized, indeed, but still felt and per-ceived, continued powerful; and in conjunc-tion with it, the truth struck home, that the  Divinity manifested itself in nature as ever present and in operation." But how terribly has the truth of God's presence in nature been perverted! The phenomena of nature differ but little in various countries, and the human heart is everywhere the same. Whether in the valley of the Nile, on the banks of the Euphrates, on the shores of the Mediterranean, or in the valleys of Mexico or the mountains of Peru, the sun appeared as the great benefactor of the race, and was worshiped under various forms and titles. More properly speaking, certain functions or pow-ers supposed to reside in the sun were worshiped,--indeed, sun wor-ship was simply the worship of the power of repro-duction in nature, including man. " The influence of the sun on na-ture," says the "Encyclopedia Britannica," " ei-ther brightening the fields and cheering mankind, or scorching and destroying with pestilence, or again dispelling the mi-asma collected from marshes by night, was . . . taken to be under the control of a divine being, to whom men as-cribed, on human analogy, a form and character in which were reflected their own sensations."' All ancient religions except Judaism and Christianity (and they are really one), were 2  Vol. II, p. 185, I "Jew and Gentile," Vol. I, p. 65. The visitor from the city of Romulus finds in the Egyptian Osiris simply another phase of Hercules, and having offered his petition to this God of Kem, he rec=eives with all the humility at the command of a Roman, the blessing of the Egyptian priest ministering at the altar of " the lord of the lower world." 