AMERICAN SENTINEL. 393 "Mr. Lovejoy said:Š " `I feel, Mr. Chairman, that this is the most solemn moment of my life. I feel, I trust, in some measure the responsibilities which at this hour I sustain to those, my fellow-citizens, to the church of which I am a minister, to my country, and to God. And let me beg of you, before I proceed further, to construe nothing I shall say as being disrespectful to this assembly. I have no such feeling; far from it. And if I do not act or speak according to their wishes at all times, it is because I cannot conscien-tiously do it. " It is proper I should state the whole matter, as I understand it, before this audience. I do not stand here p THE LOVEJOY MONUMENT AT ALTON, ILL. (Recently completed and about to be dedicated. Height 90 feet.) to argue the questions as presented by the report of the committee. My only wonder is that the honorable gen-tleman, the chairman of that committee, for whose char-acter I entertain great respect, though I have not the pleasure of his personal acquaintanceŠmy only wonder is how that gentleman could have brought himself to submit such a report. " `Mr. Chairman, I do not admit that it is the busi-ness of this assembly to decide whether I shall or shall not publish a newspaper in this city. The gentlemen have, as the lawyers say, made a wrong issue. I have the right to do it. I know that I have the right freely to speak and publish my sentiments, subject only to the laws of the land for the abuse of that right. This right was given me by my Maker, and is solemnly guaranteed  to me by the Constitution of these United States and of this State. What I wish to know of you is whether you will protect me in the exercise of this right, or whether, as heretofore, I am to be subjected to personal indignity and outrage. These resolutions, and the measures pro-posed by them, are spoken of as a compromiseŠa com-promise between two parties. Mr. Chairman, this is not so. There is but one party here. It is simply a question whether the law shall be enforced, or whether the mob shall be allowed, as they now do, to continue to trample it under their feet, by violating with impunity the rights of an innocent individual. " `Mr. Chairman, what have I to compromise? if freely to forgive those who have so greatly injured me, if to pray for their temporal and eternal happiness, if still to wish for the prosperity of your city and State, not-withstanding all the indignities I have suffered in it; if this be the compromise intended, then do I willingly make it. My rights have been shamefully, wickedly outraged; this I know, and feel, and can never forget. But I can and do freely forgive those who have done it. But if by a compromise is meant that I should cease from doing that which duty requires of me, I can-not make it. And the reason is, that I fear God more than I fear man. Think not that I would lightly go con-trary to public sentiment around me. The good opinion of my fellowmen is dear to me, and I would sacrifice any-thing but principle to obtain their good wishes; but when they ask me to surrender this, they ask for more than I canŠmore than I dare give. " 'Reference is made to the fact that I offered a few days since to give up the editorship of the Observer into other hands. This is true. I did so because it was thought or said by some that perhaps the paper would be better patronized in other hands. They declined ac-cepting my offer, however, and since then we have heard from the friends and supporters of the paper in all parts of the State. There was but one sentiment among them; and this was that the paper could be sustained in no other hands than mine. " It is also a very different question whether I shall voluntarily, or at the request of friends, yield up my post ; or whether I shall forsake it at the demand of a mob. The former I am at all times ready to do, when circum- stances occur to require it, as I will never put my per-sonal wishes or interests in competition with the cause of that Master whose minister I am. But the latter, be assured, I never will do. God, in his providenceŠso say all my brethren, and so I thinkŠhas devolved upon me the responsibility of maintaining my ground here; and, Mr. Chairman, I am determined to do it. A 'voice comes to me from Maine, from Massachusetts, from Connecti-cut, from New York, from Pennsylvania; yea, from Ken-tucky, from Mississippi, from Missouri, calling upon me in the name of all that is dear in heaven or earth, to stand fast, and by the help of God I will stand. I know I am but one and you are many. My strength would avail but little against you all. You can crush me if you will; but I shall die at my post, for I cannot and will not forsake it. " Why should I flee from Alton? Is not this a free State? When assailed by a mob at St. Louis, I came hither, as the home of freedom and of the laws. The mob has pursued me here, and why should I retreat again? Where can I be safe if not here? Have not I a right to claim the protection of the laws? What more can I have 