NUMBER 47. CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 29, 190o. VOLUME 15. rŁ.; ny man hear my words; andhelieue not ljudge him not. =Jesus christ THE SENTINEL OF. LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.). PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 L, A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. THERE is no moral value in forced obedience. ,at THE political atheist is not merely he who does not acknowledge God in the heavens, but he also who Will not recognize God in, the conscience of his fellow-man. JUST government does not favor one class above another. Indeed, government should know only citizens, each of whom has rights equal to the rights of each of his fellow-citizens. WITHOUT a Sunday law everybody is free to rest or to- work on that day as he may choose. With a Sunday law nobody is free, but all are com-pelled to stop work. Thus Sunday laws do not operate to promote human freedom. <at <at To enjoy Sabbath rest means something more than merely stopping work. Because an individual stops work on theSabbath, it does- not- follow that he: j-kgoing to feel rested at the, close of the day, or  be physically benefitted by the intermission. The Sabbath without religion is neither restful nor bene-ficial. THE declaration of Scripture that " every one of us shall give account of himself to God," constitutes an unanswerable reason why every one of us should be free from coercion in religion by a power which can say nothing to God in our behalf. THE one sure antidote for intolerance is love. No one can be intolerant toward any person whom he loves; and as Christianity fills an individual with love for all men, in Christianity lies the world's hope of the long-sought era of universal peace and good will. THE TWO SYSTEMS OF GOVERNMENT. THERE are in the world to-day, and have been more or less from earliest times, two general theories or systems of government. One of-  these systems recognizes a sphere of thought and activity belong-ing .solely to the individual, independently of any and all other persons in the world. The other sys-tem sees the individual as a mere unit in the aggre-gate of human society, having no proper sphere of action save.such as pertains to the whole body of the people among whom he is politically'included. The one system holds up the doctrine of natural rights; the other system cares not about rights, but. only about-what is expedient. _ The' one system declares that just government must be by consent of the governed; the other declares that an indivichial May justly be governed without his consent. 