AMERICAN SENTINEL. 581 ness of the State to define right and wrong': The State is exercising its legitimate function when it is prptecting the individual_dn the enjoyment of his rights. Nor can conscience; alone, define right and wrong. ' ConSeience must be educated in the principles and precepts rof right and wrong, as revealed by a higher authority, before it can become a safe guide. The Word of God defines right and wrong for every individual; the Spirit of God illumi-nates the Word of God in the mind, when its meaning is earnestly and prayerfully sought, so that the pathway of right and duty is clearly seen. And thus the individ-ual is not alone,Ša self-constituted "interpreter of the validity and the justice of laws"Šthough he appears to be so in the eye of the State. The State deals with him as Such; but God sees to it that nothing befalls such an individual that is not for his own good. The genuine Christian is never an anarchist. His doctrine is the doctrine of the Prince of Peace. No an-archist, no foe of law and order and peace, was ever at the same time a humble, conscientious, prayerful student of the Word of God. The really "extraordinary utterance" is not that given by "Father" Ducey, but that made by the World, in asking "what practical difference" there is between this obedience of conscience to the higher law. of God, and "the anarchism of Goldman and Most, ranting against all law." That is an extraordinary question, indeed. The "Sabbath Logion." No small amount of discussion has arisen in the re-ligious world over the alleged discovery of certain un-known, or lost, sayings of Christ, one of which relates to the Sabbath and has been designated as the "Sabbath logion." "Except ye keep the Sabbath," it declares, "ye shall not see the Father." Whether one of Christ's sayings or not, it is true, and it may well be read with an emphasis on the word "keep." Not everything is Sabbath-keeping which claims to be such. God has not left it to the caprice or short-sighted wisdom of man to determine what is a proper observance of the Sabbath. In the fourth commandment he has said, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy"; and a further commentary upon this point is given in Isaiah 58:13, 14. God made the Sabbath for a purpose; and that pur-pose must be fulfilled. Only that is true Sabbath-keep-ing which fulfills that purpose. What that purpose is we are told in the words of God to his chosen people: 'Verily my Sabbaths ye shall keep; for it is a; sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you." "It is a sign between me and the children of Israel forever." Ex. 31:13, 17. See also Eze. 20:12, 20. The Sabbath is a "sign" between God and his chosen 'people. His chosen people are the children of faith, the  seed of-Abraham, or children of Israel. See Gal. 3:7;29; Gen.-32:28. But of whArt. is it a sign? We find an an-swer in the words, "In six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." The Creator is the true God ; and in the keeping of his Sabbath we find a sign that we are worshipers of the true God. It makes all the difference in the world to the worshiper whether he is worshiping the time God, or some other. And in the Sabbath he is to find ad evi-dence that he is truly a worshiper of Jehovah. But this he cannot do unless he keeps it holy, as God has speci-fied. Otherwise he will see nothing of God in the Sab-bath, and it will be to him but as any other day of the week. Politics and Religion. A WRITER in The Vanguard, Mr. John Ratliff, argues for the union of religion and politics, and lays down the principle that a man's religion and his politics are not divorceable. This is a principle that is getting a good deal of sanction in the religious world at the present time. How is it when two "Christians" conscientiously vote, one the Republican ticket and the other the Democratic ticket, at an election? Is Christianity joined to opposing political principles? rIf so, there are occasions when it opposes itself. Mr. Ratliff speaks of "political sins." Whatis a "po-litical sin ?" It is the support of the "other faction," or the "other party," of course. A definition of "political sin" would amount to this and nothing more. Who can make a just standard of right and wrong but God alone? Men have set up Many standards of right and wrong, but they have all been unreliable, be-. cause they were the work of fallible beings. In politics we have only those standards of "right" which men have set up; and we find as many such standards as there are parties. To make men understand right and wrong,Što con-vict them of sin, in other wordsŠis the office work of the Holy Spirit; and to impress the truth upon the soul, the Spirit uses the Word of God. But politics commands neither the agency of the Word nor of the Spirit. In Judea, over eighteen hundred years ago, Jesus Christ-walked among the people, and taught them of the kingdom of God. He is the perfect example for every Christian. To the extent to which he engaged inpolitics, the Christian may rightfully engage in politics. To the extent to which he sought'to get control of earthly power,  the Christian ma-s properly exert himself for that pur-pose to day. Jesus Christ was the mystery of the manifestation of God in human flesh. And every true Christian presents the same mystery to day, for in him Christ lives and 