IIEp -brer atv 8  -2s, //Op Iti.i{f:se,1 40 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 5. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 4, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Busy Bee, of Cumberland Gap, Tennessee, complains that that town is "going to the devil as fast as any town can go." And yet the Gap is in a State where they are exceedingly zealous in en-' forcing the Sunday lawŠagainst seventh-day observers. What can the matter be ? CATHOLICS are demanding the resigna-tion of Mr. Ben. Butterworth, Secretary of the Executive Commitee of the World's Fair, because, forsooth, of alleged " inso-lence to the Pope," and " offensive allu-sions to the crucifixes in Italy. " But this is no worse than the National Reformers, who would, if they could, disfranchise all who refuse to subscribe to their creed. The spirit is the same, whether in Roman-ists or so-called Protestants. THE English Courts have very properly affirmed the right of the Salvation Army to hold out-door meetings in England. The facts are thus stated : The army held meetings on Sundays in the open air, the authorities pronounced them violations of the Improvement act, and by special de-cree forbade all such meetings under pen-alty. The decree was disregarded. Ar-rests followed. THE amendment to the Constitution of the United States proposed by the Na- , tional League for the Protection of American Institutions, is good so far as it goes; but it comes very far short of what it ought to be. The proposed amendment is as follows :Š No State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding,  by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking, which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. If the word " religious " were substi-tuted for the word " sectarian " in the last clause, the amendment would be as nearly perfect as things human generally are; 'but as it now stands, and as its framers and friends intend it, it leaves an open door for the colorless thing which they please to call " unsectarian Christian-ity." However, the amendment as pro- posed is better than nothing, and mignt be so construed by the courts as to put an end to the relics of Church and State union that have come down to us from colonial days. THE United Presbyterian, of Pittsburg, is authority for the statement that the " Lord's Day League," of Butler, Penn-sylvania, is endeavoring to suppress the sale of Sunday papers in that place on the " sacred day of rest." " Those who have the matter in hand," says the Presbyte-rian, " are not to be turned aside by taunts and bluster; too long have Chris-tian people been quiescently permitting ' Sunday' newspapers and saloon-keepers to define what is lawful on the Sabbath." There is no " civil Sabbath " or " Amer-ican Sunday " nonsense about this. The mask is thrown aside and it is boldly de-clared that they seek to enforce a reli-gious institution. If this were done every-where the question would be very much simplified. IN the Watchman, of Sept. 17, 1891, Rev. A. S. Twombly, D. D., in recording the result of "personal observations " in Central Park, this city, on "two unem-ployed Sunday afternoons," states this conclusion :Š Judging, then, by results at home and abroad, the continental Sunday must be contested and de-nounced. If in any sense a holiday, it will soon cease to be in all senses a holy day. Secularized in any one directidn, however useful in a general way, it will become secularized in all directions and de-partments. The working classes will be the ones to suffer most, both materially and spiritually, from such a misuse of its supreme privileges and divine appointments. Upon. this the Sabbath Outlook com-ments thus pertinently and pungently :Š Does Dr. Twombly not remember that the "con-tinental Sunday " is the original and primary type of Sunday ? pagan holidayism was so promi- nent even in the time of Tertullian, that he called it "a day of indulgence for the flesh." The Puritan movement tried to change it, but the " wild olive " will not bear sweet grapes. Because this is true, we have long acted upon Mr. Twombly's conclusion that it "must be contested and denounced." The swift-coming decline which Dr. Twombly sees is but the return of Sunday to its natural and historical level. It will find that level, quick and sure. If Christians cling to it against God's commands, they will go down with it. What answer can the Sunday advocates make to this ? Sunday, as the North British Review puts it, was the " wild solar holi-day of all pagan times," and a holiday it will remain in spite of all efforts to clothe it with a sacred character. THE Pacific Health Journal and Tem-perance Advocate, and the Sabbath School Worker both come to us this month greatly improved in appearance and as usual filled with excellent matter.  The former journal should be in every home in the land, and the latter ought to be used by every worker in the Sabbath school.  The Health Journal is $1.00 per year; the Worker, 50 cents. Both are published at Oakland, California. THE Youth's Instructor, Battle Creek, Michigan, enters upon the new year greatly enlarged and improved, and is now one of the very best youth's and children's papers with which we are ac-quainted. The very reasonable price, sev-enty-five cents per single subscription, puts it within the reach of every family; and its fine illustrations and interesting reading matter can not fail to make it very popu-lar. A feature which will commend it to thousands of little folks is the "Children's Department." If you have not seen the Instructor write to the publishers, Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Michigan, ask-ing them for a copy. AN epitome of the present situation of American agriculture forms a prominent and the most practical and valuable fea-ture of the American Agriculturist (New York) for January, in which issue this old reliable magazine celebrates its fif-tieth anniversary. In this epitome our relation to the world's food supply is given, and an estimate of American pro-duction and requirements. It is the first complete presentation of the laborious studies of ° C. Wood Davis, and appar-ently justifies his predictions of the bril-liant future that awaits the American farmer. Mr, Davis's opinions and data carry great weight in the commercial and agricultural world because of his exhaust-ive inquiry of production in its relation to population, not only in the United States, but in all the principal importing and exporting countries of the world. He shows that from 1870 to 1880 the bread-eating populations increased 11.4 per cent. and the wheat area 15.6 per cent., while the rye area was unchanged, but during the ten years just closed, the increase in the wheat and rye area was but 1.4 per cent., against an increase in the bread-eating populations of 14 per cent. In other words, consumption increased ten times as fast as production. These studies show that in 1871 the total wheat exports of the United States, Europe, India, and Australia were only 120 million bushels, while the price in India, on the Atlantic Seaboard, at Chicago and in Liverpool aver-aged $1.46 per bushel. The price steadily declined to $1.13 as the average in 1883, when exports had more than doubled, and has since fallen to 88c, as the price for 1889. Hence, the probability of an ad-vance in future. THE AMERICAN Ł SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 45 Bond Street, New York City. 