190 FINUPILN-lar VoL. 9, No. 24. and bloodshed follow such a state of things ? The papers record daily many instances of bad conduct caused by men, and even women, who seem to be mad, and many times the cause of the deed is not made known. On every hand is desolation. The dark clouds of trouble are rising higher and higher. Armies of unemployed men are gathering in different places demanding relief; starvation seems to be staring them in the face. Life must be sustained, and the question is asked, " What does all this mean ?" We can go to only one source for an answer. It does not take a theological student to see in the Word of God a plain prediction of all these things. Hundreds of years ago, the Creator of the universe looked forward and saw the condition of things as they are at present. For we have the word of God, the one who sees the end from the beginning, that near the end of this world's history, just such a state of things would exist. He especially combines with these a falling away of the nominal church of Christ, a letting down of the high standard of the true principles of Christianity. We read in 2 Peter 1: 20, 21: "Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the Scrip-ture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man : but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." So Daniel, in his prophecy of the last days, says : " And there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book." Dan. 12:1. Therefore Daniel was used by the Spirit of God to commu-nicate the word of God to the world, that men may not be in darkness. Likewise Paul, in 2 Tim. 3 : 1-5, gives us a descrip-tion of the condition of the religious world at the time of the end, just before the drama of this world shall close. He says : " This know also in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, . . . traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof." And this shows the condition of those who try to follow the church and the world at the same time, hoping to escape the trials and perplexities of the world by a mere profession; but we know that profession without possession is pure folly. We are now entering upon these perilous times. We see on every hand the selfish-ness of man, especially of those who have wealth. When we look into the vaults of our land and observe the millions of gold and silver stored there by only a few, and know that these few are grasping for more, and see that men will not invest their means, nor venture out, it only gives us another view of what we find recorded in the gospels. In Luke 21: 25-27, Christ is speaking of the sign of the end of the world, and of his second coming; he says : " And there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after the things which are coming on the earth : for the powers of heaven shall be shaken, and then shall they see the Son of man com-ing." Did we ever see a plainer fulfill- ment of God's word, " men's hearts failing them for fear " ? " Uncertainty," is the cry, " we cannot invest," etc. And now consider the events that Christ said would follow. Another significant fact pictured out in the Word of God is recorded in James 5 :1-7: " Go to now ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. . . . Your gold and silver is cankered ; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, . . . ye have heaped treasure together for the last days. Behold the hire of the laborers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth. . . . Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord." Could words be plainer, could the prophet have pictured a more nearly per-fect likeness ? The treasures of gold which are heaped together at present, and the millions which are accumulating, will only be a witness against those who are mentioned in this chapter. The nations of the earth are steadily following the lines marked out in the prophetic word, and many millions are ignorant of the fact that they are fulfilling God's word by their course of action to-day. But where is refuge for the oppressed ? In Christ only there is hope, for the prophet says that " at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book," " Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth." To every soul is given the invitation to flee to Christ, and every one who will take the Word of God and study it, and live by it, and accept Christ as his Sav-iour will be cared for in the time of per-plexity, and when all things close, will be found with his name written in the book of life. A. J. HARRIS. Battle Creek, Mich. -4- The Educational Battle. ROME SCORES A POINT. UNDER this heading the Catholic Times, of May 4, begins an editorial thus :Š Catholics throughout every part of the country will rejoice that their leaders have at last taken a decisive step in the educational struggle. The bishops at their Low Week meeting drew up a series of resolutions on the subject, which have just been published, and under the presidency of the cardinal-archbishop a committee has been appointed to draft a bill which will in due course be presented to Parliament. The main points in the resolutions above referred to are these : That Catholic pa-rents cannot accept for their children a system of education in which secular instruction is wholly divorced from edu-cation in their religion. That the only system of religious educa-tion which Catholic parenfs can accept for their children is that given under the authority and direction of the Catholic Church. That to take the management of schools intended for Catholic children out of the hands of Catholics, and to place it in the hands of public ratepayers, is " a violation of parental rights, to be resisted as an unwarrantable attack upon religious lib-erty." " That Catholic public elementary schools, satisfying the demands of the Education Department, have a right 'to as full a share of public money, whether  from the rates or from the taxes, as any other public elementary schools in the country; and that it is unjust to deprive them of it because of the religious instruc-tion required by the parents, which is given to the children attending such schools." " That, in the present religious condition of England, the State ought to observe a consistent and strict impartiality in respect to religious education, whether given in voluntary or in board schools; and to distribute for `maintenance,' to all public elementary schools fulfilling the require-ments of the Education Department, an equal proportionate share of the public money collected for public elementary education." " That compulsory State education is an intolerable tyranny, unless due regard be paid by the State to the education of the children in their own religion." " That Catholics, deeply impressed with all that is involved in the issue of popular education, are now compelled to assert their just claim to a full share of the pub-lic money raised for the purposes of ele-mentary education." This is, in brief, and largely in their own words, the Catholic position. As be-fore stated, the cardinal and his bishops are at work upon a bill to be presented to Parliament at a fit time, which, if passed, will give to the Catholics all that they desire. The Catholics have chosen their time well. The circular which has been issued, and which has caused so much controversy in the school board, is to the effect that teachers are to give instruction in " the Christian religion." Now the Catholic Church claims to be Christian, and the majority of Protestants allow the claim. Therefore, by the decision of the majority of the school board, the Catholics are justified in their claim for a proportionate share in the public money. From the point of view that it is the duty of the State to provide religious instruction for the people, the Catholic claim is unanswerable; for it is very evi-dent to all that the State has no right to insist on giving children religious instruc-tion to which their parents object, and if religious instruction is to be given, it must be given by those who profess the religion to be taught. Consistency and common fairness, therefore, demand that all who believe that public schools ought to teach religion, shall acquiesce in the demand made by the Catholics. Unfortunately all but a very small and insignificant minority are committed to the idea of State instruction in religion. Those who have protested against the School Board circular have had no case, because they continually asserted their belief that religion should be taught in the public schools. Thus their protest against the proposal to make such instruc-tion definite was deprived of all force. The dignitaries of the Church of Eng-land have just placed another weapon in the hands of the Roman Catholics. Until recently King's College, London, has been receiving £1,700 a year from the govern-ment. This has now been discontinued on the ground that the college is a reli-gious institution. A meeting was recently held under the presidency of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, in which it was voted "that the action of the government in laying down rules for the appointment of the Parliamentary grant to university colleges, by which any college founded on. 