54 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. as a violation of the right of loyal citizens of Iowa to worship God after the dictates of their own con-sciences; and we request the Governor of .the State and the State Legislature, soon to convene, to inquire into this act of religious proscription ; and we ask that they take the necessary action to secure to all Christian ministers equal privileges in the various public institutions of the State. That the president of the convention, F. A. Bor-ner ; Rev. J. H. Palmer, of Cedar Rapids ; Rev. M. H. Houghton, of Dubuque; and 0. M. Barrows, of Marshalltown, be a committee to investigate this whole .matter; and if necessary, to the securing of our rights, to carry the matter to the Governor of the State, to the State Legislature, or into the courts, to the end that no citizen of our great State shall be defrauded of his religious liberty ; and that equality before the law in all matters of faith and worship shall be in Iowa not only a theory, but an intrenched and irrefragable fact. This is an illustration in miniature of what would follow the adoption of such an amendment to the United States Con-stitution as Senator Blair has proposed, to secure the teaching of principles of Chris-tianity in the public schools. And if the "orthodox " would do such a thing as this, where so little a thing is at stake as one preaching service a week in only one Sol-diers' Home, what would they not do when national power and influence were the prizes to be contended for ? A. T. J. Some Good Advice. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union convention is made up of women of high character and lofty aspiration; of women who do not hesitate to point to themselves as models of Christian conduct and charity. They cannot afford to de-scend to the methods or to manifest the spirit of the low-grade and bitterly parti-san ward meetings. Neither Miss Willard nor any of her associates can afford to speak with the recklessness or the heat of the stump-speaker, aiming only at pres-ent effect. . . . There is a special call for honesty on their part in their dealing with men and women. They must remem-ber that liquor-selling and liquor-drinking are not the only sins in the world. Accord-ing to St. Augustine "all selfishness is sin, and all sin is selfishness." The women of the convention who pro-fess to speak for 140,000 other women can not afford to adopt the narrow policy of looking only at the welfare or the reputa-tion of their own members. They are on trial, like other people.' They will stand or fall as they are honest or dishonest, just or unjust, charitable or uncharitable. They must remember that they are not a mutual admiration society, to be fed on self-praise, and with license to judge and punish all who differ with them. Self-praise is well enough in its way, but it will not make a record before the public. To announce a good purpose is commendable, but a mere announcement is but a step to-ward accomplishment. Ł The people expect a good deal of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. They have been grievously disappointed.  If they lose faith in the high purpose and Christian spirit of the organization the tide will soon turn. We desire,we strongly desire, that the people keep their faith in the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and that the organization have long life to accomplish great good. Hence this plain speech.Š Inter- Ocean. A Question of Law and Conscience. ON Fifth Avenue, New York City, a line of stages run instead of street-cars. Col. Elliott F. Shepard is one of the principal stockholders of this stage company, and has been able to control sufficient of the stock to stop the running of the stages on the Avenue on Sunday; but a move has lately been made to have the commission-ers of the Sinking Fund to force the com-pany to run its stages on Sunday on the Avenue. Mr. Shepard is also owner of the Mai/ and Express, a daily evening paper of this city. January 8th, in an editorial, he plead for the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund not to "attempt to force the Fifth Avenue Transportation Company to run their stages on Sunday." From the editorial it seems that those who are trying to get the stages to run on Sun-day are Hebrew stockholders in the com-pany ; because the plea is specially directed to Hebrews. One of his arguments; direct-ed to the Hebrew stockholders, is this :Š To compel the working of two hundred or three hundred men would not only be a direct violation of the fourth commandment, which both Hebrews and Christians agree is binding upon human con-science, etc. When we read this we were led to think thus ; Mr. Elliott F. Shepard cites the fourth commandment, and says that it is binding upon the human conscience. When that commandment was given by the Lord on the tables of stone, it was given to the Hebrew. people; and the Lord, by three special acts weekly, continued for nearly forty years, kept before the minds of the Hebrew people the day that he would have observed in obedience to that command-ment. From that time till this, the He-brew people have been known as the ob-servers of that day. Now most Christians observe a different day from that named in the commandment : a different day from the one which the Lord himself taught the Hebrew people to observe in obedience to the commandment. These Christians do not pretend that God has changed the commandment; because they print and quote it still as it was written when given to the Hebrew people. Now the question is, Does that commandment, as the Lord gave it, bind the conscience of the Hebrew to one thing and the conscience of the Christian to another thing ? Do the same words bind the conscience of the Hebrew to the observance of the seventh day, and the conscience of the Christian to the ob-servance of the first day ? Is it a charac-teristic of law, whether human or divine,  in the same words precisely, to bind one person to one thing and another person to a different thing? Nor did the Hebrews have any choice in the matter. They were shut up under the penalty of death to the observance of the day which they did observe and which they yet observe. The observance of that particular day was made distinctly binding upon the conscience of the Hebrews. Now, as Colonel Shepard admits that that same commandment, in the same words, is bind-ing upon the conscience of the Christian, how is it that it does not bind the con-science of the Christian to the observance of the same day that it bound the con-science of the Hebrew ? Is it true that God is a respecter of persons, and is easier upon the conscience of a Christian than he is upon the conscience of a Hebrew ? Does that commandment in the same words bind the conscience of the Christian to do On a certain day the very things which the conscience of the Hebrew was bound not to do ? Is the divine law so fast and loose a thing as that ? Is the Lord of law and of conscience so loose in his requirements as to conscientious obedience, as Mr. Shep-ard's view would make him to be ? Another argument that Mr. Shepard uses is this:Š Hebrews will see that if the company were com-pelled to run their stages on Sunday then a large force of the drivers and other workmen would lose the rest of one-seventh part of their time; for it would be an impossibility in a community where such a preponderating majority are Christians for the stages to be stopped running on Saturday. But if the Christians cannot stop the stages running on Saturday why do they insist that the Hebrews shall stop them on Sunday ? Is the conscience of the Chris-tian more sacred than the conscience of a Hebrew ? And is it true that the, majority is to rule in matters of conscience ? Is the majority not only to do according to the dictates of its conscience, but shall it com-pel the minority to conform to the dictates of the majority conscience? This is anti-Christian, as all the principles and the work of the American Sabbath Union are. A. T. J. Keep the Constitution Intact. REFERRING to the Blair Sunday bill, the Cokato (Minn.) Observer says:-- " In view of the work that is being done to accomplish the passage of this bill it is time that its opponents should take the matter in hand and speak with no uncer-tain voice against its passage. There is one thing that the American citizen feels especial pride in, and that is the religious freedom vouchsafed to us in the Constitu-tion. Let us keep this intact and not entrust our representatives in Congress with questions concerning our spiritual' welfare but leave that matter to ourselves and our God." 