144 mt_ErtiCA,INT SkilVIPIN-1HALA0 Von. 9, No. 18. NEW YORK, MAY 3, 1894. rff ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A BILL has passed the legislature to annex Gravesend to Brooklyn and is creating quite a stir, particularly in Coney Island, be-cause of the fact that it is believed that annexation will result in the Sunday closing of Coney Island resorts. THE Stundist movement which began in Russia in 1865, has progressed so rapidly that there are now more than two millions of Stundists in the empire of the czar. The Stundists are simply Bible readers and Bible believers,ŠBiblical Christians. THE case of Edgar Price, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Millington, Md., who was on trial at Chestertown, for Sunday labor, has been dismissed by Judge Wickes on the ground that the case was not properly before the court. The judge took occa-sion, however, to uphold the constitution-ality and propriety of the Sunday law. THE spirit which animates the Russian persecution of the Jews is very clearly evidenced by the words of a Russian paper when it says : " No restrictions of the Jews' civil rights can outweigh the scandal of their religious privileges." That is the same feeling which can be looked for in this country when mistaken religious zealotry shall have completed its work and left a free field for prejudice and bigotry to fulfill their mission. THE religious press gives continual evid-ence of the development of the principles of Spiritualism in the popular churches. In addition to the unconscious Spiritual-ism with which all so-called orthodoxy is permeated, there is a growing element within the churches which they themselves recognize as Spiritualistic. This is in the line of the progress of the fulfillment of prophecy. Spiritualism will be one of the chief factors in the last great deceptions. MONDAY, April 16, the Essex Market Police Court was again the scene of at-tempted wholesale Sunday prosecution. The World notes it among its news items thus Fifty small storekeepers on the East Side were ar-raigned in Essex Market Court yesterday, for violation of the Sunday law, in selling goods on Sunday. The defendants claimed that they observed their own Sab-bath on Saturdays. They denounced their arrest as an outrage. Many had been unable to furnish bail and had passed the night in Eldridge Street station. The arrests were made by policemen under Captain Cortright. Justice Hogan held about twenty and dis-charged the others. There is a grim humor in the inconsis- tency of the police department attempting to make up for its lapses in official duty, and failures to clear out centers of actual criminality within speaking distance of the doors of its own station houses, by zealous attention to an unconstitutional statute, the enforcement of which is re-ligious persecution. THE Open Court says :Š An edict of universal tolerance would hardly ter-minate the heretic-hunts of the Russian Empire; and though the Constitution of the United States protects the religious privileges of our Jewish fellow-citizens, their main guarantee of freedom is, after all, the superior general intelligence of the American public. It is true that ignorance and bigotry have been cotemporary, and from that the inference is drawn that only in periods of intellectual darkness can there be reli-gious persecution, but the time is close at hand when it will be shown that " superior general intelligence" is not a trustworthy guarantee of freedom. It is the misdi-rected " intelligence " of this country which is laying deep and sure the founda-tions for religious persecution, which is now beginning in several States of the Union. AT a National Reform convention held at College Springs, Iowa, during March, Wm. Weir, a district secretary of the Na-tional Reform Association, said :Š National Reform means a nation, with all its laws and customs, kneeling at the feet of Jesus, and no person eligible to any office of trust unless he be a Christian, by profession at least. A large majority of the people are Christians, and they should let the politicians know what is wanted of them. This is an ingenuous statement of the purpose of the National Reformers,Što establish a religious test for all offices in the gift of the people or the Government. It is their unmistakable intention to abro-gate completely those principles of the Constitution which have been the dis-tinctive safeguards of the people of this country. REV. T. P. ROBB, of Linton, Iowa, is reported to have said at a National Re-form convention, in Iowa, in March:Š This nation has ne Sabbath. It tried to purchase one, but failed. Congress paid $2,500,000 to procure it during the Fair, but was cheated out of it by a vile plot,Šan underhanded game; and, notwithstanding all this iniquitous work to procure the appropriation, and the proceeds of the Fair on Sunday too, many Christians attended who had voted for Sunday closing. Adventists were the loudest clamorers for Sunday opening. In most respects they are honest, conscien-tious, law-abiding citizens, but they are doing all in their power to break down our Sabbath and institute theirs. This is a peculiar mixture of frank ac-knowledgment of the mercenary methods used to secure a national recognition of Sunday observance, and a consequent union of religion and the State, and a veiled misrepresentation, perhaps through ignorance, of those who opposed Congress so committing itself, or making any such wicked bargain. As Rev. Mr. Robb so aptly puts it, Congress did try " to pur-chase " the observance of Sunday by the World's Fair and the representatives of all the earth there present, but he is ut-terly in error when he says that Advent- ists were "clamorers for Sunday opening." The position of Seventh-day AdventistsŠas of all who oppose religious legislation on correct principles and from proper mo-tives, is strictly and invariably negative;Šthat neither Congress, nor any other civil authority, has any right to decree either one way or the other in any religious question. In religion human law must be neutral. For man to attempt to en-force religion is blasphemy towards God, and unfailingly works iniquitous hard-ship upon men. THE Mail and Express says editorially : All citizens, irrespective of religious convictions and sectarian affiliations, must be required to pay their full share of public school taxation. If any citizen prefers to Bend his children to private or church schools, he has a perfect right so to do, but the extra expense in-cident to such a choice must not be made the ground of a protest against the so-called "injustice of double taxation." He is simply paying for a luxury that he thinks he can afford. The State has no right to pay for the gratification of his personal preferences as be-tween schools, much less for the indulgence of his personal prejudices on the score of sect or creed. It is a great and unexpected satisfaction to be able to quote approvingly from the Mail and Express. In this and the defec-tion from the Sabbath Union doctrine shown in its prohibition editorial, of April 9, there is enough leaven of truth and sound doctrine to yet leaven the whole lump, if it only be allowed to work. ON Sunday, April 22, for the first time in the city of London, a picture gallery was open for Sunday exhibition. There were so many desirous of availing them-selves of the opportunity of viewing the pictures, that throughout the day long lines waited admission to the overcrowded hall. The Sunday opening of art galleries in London has been even more earnestly discussed than the Sunday opening of the Museum of Art in this city. The great success of this first opening, it is said, will insure its continuance, and cause other art galleries in London to open also on Sunday. THE Boston Advertiser quotes the New York Christian Advocate as saying, " To introduce the name of `Jesus Christ our Lord' into the Constitution of the country would be a step towards the union of Church and State, which, so long as we wish liberty of conscience, we can never advocate. An agitation such as this can simply arouse opposition where it is now slumbrous, and lead to the unrestrained utterance of sentiments provocative of ir-reverence and irreligion." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c , 25 to 99 " " " " - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " 250 to 499 " " " " " ,D00 to 999 " " " " IWO or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address, AMERICAN SBNTINEL, Ł 48 Bond Street, New Yosk City. - - 75c " - - - 70c - - 65c - - - 60c - - 5 shillings 