46 Tpir AI\ArRICAN sENTINEL. THE Lever says that "the saloon is to-day'd`,  greater hindraace to ,the cause of Christianity than all others;" and inquires, " What will become of the Republican and Democratic voters for sustaining parties that keep the saloon as a stumblingblock betWeen God and humanity?" We do not knew what will become of them. But granting the Saloon. is 'the greatest hin.: drance to the Cause of Christianity, it is not the'Only hindrance; and if the Government  is to abolish the saloon in the interests Of Christianity, and because it is a hindrance to Christianity, then having done so much, why should it not go" on and abolish the next greatest hindrance to Christianity? .and the. ,next, and the next, until it has abolished every one that -there is in the world ? If the. Government to take away one stumblingblock between God and humanity because it is such, then why shall it not continue the work and take .away every one ? If the Government is to do this, what is the Church for ? And if government can do this, what was the Church instituted for ? If it can be done by law what is the use of the gospel, and what was the use of instituting the gos-pel ? The truth is that the reason which the LeVer and the third party-Prohibition-ists, as a whole, present for prohibition, are not valid reasons at all. They are not worthy of recognition by government, nor are they worthy of the support of any man. They mean nothing short of an ab-solute union of Church and State. Of course they deny it, and we grant that many of them do. not see it. It is true,, however, whether they see ,it or not: Prohibition upon a proper basis is a proper thing, and a, good thing, but prohibition upon the basis advocated by the Lever, the Voice, and such papers, would be an unmitigated evil. eon Father. Enright on the. Sunday. FOR the benefit of those who favor Sun-day laws, and especially those who boast of the indorsement of Cardinal Gibbons, 'and the' co-operation' of the Catholic Church, we print the following statement of Father Enright, lately made, as. to the authority for Sunday laws :Š " My brethren, look about you upon the,  various wrangling sects and denomina-tions. Show me one that claims, or pos-sesses the power to make laws binding on the conscience. There's but one on the face of the earthŠthe Catholic .ChurchŠthat has the power to' make laws binding upon the conscience, binding before God, binding under pain of hell fire. Take .for instance the day we celebrate---;Sunday. What right have the Protestant churches to observe that. day ? None whatever. You 'say. it Is to obey the commandment, `Renieinber the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' But Sunday is ,,not the Sabbath according to the Bible and the record of time. Every one knows that Sunday is the first day of the week, while Saturday is the seventh day and the Sabbath, the day consecrated as a day: of rest. It is so recognized in all civilized nations., I have.' repeatedly offered $1000 to any one who'  will furnish 'any proof from the Bible that Sunday is 'the day we are bound to keeP, and no one, has called for the money. If any person in this town will' show me any scripture for it I will, tomorrow' evening, publicly acknowledge it and thank him  for it. It was the holy Catholic. Church that changed the day of rest from Satur-day to Sunday, the first day of the week. And it not only compelled all to keep Sunday, but at the Council of Laodicea, A. D. 364, anathematized those who kept the Sabbath and urged all 'persons to labor on the seventh day under the penalty of anathema. " Which church does the whole civilized world obey ? Protestants call us every horrible name they can think ofŠanti-christ, the scarlet-colored,  beast, Babylon, etc., and at the same time profess great reverence for the Bible, and yet by their solemn act of keeping Sunday they ac-knowledge the power of the Catholic Church. The Bible says, ' Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy,' but the Catholic Church says, ' No, keep the first day of the week,' and the whole world bows in obedience."ŠThe Industrial Am-erican, Harlan, Iowa, December 19,1889. Sunday Slavery. THE Pearl of Days repeats its dismal wail about "Sunday slavery," and says that "if it is not abolished, it will soon number more millions than the Afridans who were emancipated by the civil war, and the Constitution of the United States." Why don't the Pearl of Days make a test and carry the case of one 'of these Sunday slaves to the United States courts under that amendment to the Constitution which abolished slavery in the United States ? Or does the Pearl understand that it was only African slavery that was abolished' in the United States ? If that is the way.  the Pearl of Days understands the Thir-teenth Amendment, then we would say for its benefit, that neither the word "African" nor any other qualifying phrase is in that amendment. The amendment says that " neither slavery nor involuntary servi-tude, except as a penalty for crime, shall exist in the United Stated." And that will cover Sunday slavery as well as any other kind. At least the probability that it does, is worth risking a case upon in the United ,States courts. Let the case be pre-sented: A Question. IN Brooklyn, four persons were convicted'and fined from $100 to $500, for refusing to give to certain children medi- Ł cine preScribed by physicians, choosing rather to treat the children by other means. They were people who believe in the "faith Cure," and the children died, hence,' the prosecution and the punish-ment. This has caused much disciiSsion .in the: public press, some taking one side and others the other. All that we shall say just at this time is simply to inquire, How would it do to impose such a fine upon these who do not believe in this' method of treatmentŠthe doctors for in-stance--=every time they lose a OW ? of the Sunday paper is a fair index of the reading habits of the people. It is easier to convert a,man to Christ who reads the Sunday paper than it is to make a Chris-tian of anian who daps net read at all. Peo-ple wilt read on-Sunday. Preachers cannot stop them.; 'In a certain neighborhood in this city Where sixteen hundred Tribunes were taken, only twenty-two have stopped their Sunday issue, while nearly four hum dred have: taken the Sinfday issue :only. Of the "twenty-two, two .were preachers, and tWenty were 'laymen.. If' opposition, such as has been given, tends thus to add to the Sunday' circulation, we need not expect to see the preachers destroy the. Sunday papers: The opposition to the Sunday papers is made by good-men. But good men are engaged in editing and, pub-lishing the Sniiday newspapers. These facts should lead the preachers to hesitate a little in their crusade." Another minister who had spoken the Sunday before in favor of the, opening of the public library on Sunday, said:Š " Since my sermon of last Sundayteven-lug in favor of the library opening, I have been the recipient of various tracts Upon Sabbath observance from people who deem my soul in danger. For all this interest, thanks ! In this severe weather I am grateful to any tract society that will kindly help to keep my fires -burning—. What do I care for all the councils that' ever thundered upon this subject? What do I care' how many Ministerial associations have pronounced upon it? What do I care for all the Sabbath conventions that have , ever been held ? So long as I live, so long shall I take these Prin8pleS 'regarding the Sabbath and appisr' them according to my, best judghient, My advice to every one of my hearers is to do the same, , A grain of common sense is worth a ton of the-, ology.' The Minneapolis ministers will have to get their forces a little better in hand be-fore their crusade will amount to much. Dr. Strong, of the Evangelical Alliance, will have to make at least 'another visit or two to Minneapolis before he gets those forces: sufficiently.  ' allied to -make 'their work effective. We wait to see what turn will next be taken, and what form of Sab-bath desecration it is Ł again.St which the 1VIinneapolis preachers will- Make" their next"-crusade ass  NOt a Valid Reason. 