AMERICAN SENTINEL. 311 "If Sunday be made a day of gloom in this State the inevitable penalty will be loss of commercial importance and the creation of a class of human beings who will be skillful in evading the penalty of law, while indulging in a state of lawlessness which will endanger Christianity." Why not leave the Sabbath just as it was left to man-kind by the Creator? 0 -4 -4 " Circumstances Alter Cases." BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. IN 1830 the Congress of the United States in its fa-mous Sunday mail report, referring to that conscious-ness of certain inalienable rights felt by every man, said:Š "It is an inborn principle which nothing can eradi-cate. The bigot, in the pride of his authority, may lose sight of it, but strip him of his power, prescribe a faith to him which his conscience rejects, threaten him in turn with the dungeon and the fagot, and the spirit which God has implanted in him rises up in rebellion and defies you.,,  It is not often that bigots are thus called upon to take their own medicine, but sometimes in a milder way the principle is no less forcibly illustrated, as will be shown in the following. Everybody is doubtless acquainted with the position taken during the last Presidential campaign by most of the influential journals of the country on the question of criticism of decisions of the Supreme Court. Of these journals not one was more "conservative" than the New York Evening Post. To question the infallibility of this tribunal, even when a decision was made possible by a majority of only one vote, was to it the essence of an-archy, and, if indorsed by the people, the premonition of certain ruin. So sincerely did it believe this that it made a strong effort to induce the editors of these journals to establish a censorship upon the telegraphic reports and to expunge from the speeches of the "anarchists" all that would tend to lead the simple people astray. But most of these papers, though of the same political faith and maintaining the same doctrine in regard to the Supreme Court, were hardly ready to swallow the assumption that they were the guardians of public thought, or that the people had lost their ability to read and decide for them-selves. , Imagine then their astonishment and disgust when they beheld this foremost exponent of judicial absolutism turn and rend this august tribunal when it made the recent decision upon the anti-trust law. The scales seemed to have fallen from its eyes and it says this is one "of the long list of decisions . . . in which the court has revealed its weak grasp of the fundamental principles of law and government." According to the Post's own definition such disrespectful language is anarchy, and the Times-Herald, of Chicago, determined to be consistent  in its support of the Supreme Court, says that owing to the class of people which the Post assumes to address, it is anarchy that will have the worst effect. While it is true that circumstances sometimes alter casesŠor rather our view of themŠthey cannot alter facts and principles. But what are the circumstances in this case? The decisions were rendered by the same court, with the same authority, and made possible by the same number of votes. One was said to be in the interests of the rich, the other was not. The Post indorsed one, the other it did not. In one case the court is infallible, in the other it reveals "its weak grasp of the fundamental prin-ciples of law and government." Now, if the Supreme Court is infallible when it agrees with us, and has only a "weak grasp of fundamental principles," when it does not, it follows that the infalli-bility rests with us, not with the court. And it may be said that there never was a manŠindeed it may be safely said that there never will be a manŠwho has asserted, or who will assert the absolute finality of any action of the Supreme Court of the United States simply because it is an action of the court, who would not deny the doc-trine the very moment a decision was rendered which he thought to be against his interests. So then, let us not say that either our own opinion, or the opinion of the Supreme Court, is final. Let us say that justice, and justice alone, is the ultimate standard. Let us maintain the doctrine that "nothing is settled until it is settled right." 1,- 0 t4- IN a communication to the Cottonwood County Citizen (Windom, of Feb. 6 last, taking exception to Sunday evening games and amusements, Mr. C. S. Royse says:Š "There are two institutions which may be looked on as distinctly AmericanŠthe American sabbath and the American saloon." Such an admission is fatal to the "American sab-bath"; for any institution that takes its rise from the same source whence comes the American saloon, can have no just claim to sanctity. As certainly as the "American saloon" is an American institution, so cer-tain it is that no other American institution can be holy. And no Sabbath is worth anything that is not holy. The "Sabbath of the Lord" (see Exodus 20:8-11) is holy. The "American sabbath " is but a human institu-tion, and hence has no holiness. Ł 4 IT is reported that the Sultan not long since ex-pressed his opinion of Leo XIII. by the remark, " Who is this pope that's always meddling in the affairs of our State?" the occasion being the presentation of a letter from the Pope to the Sultan, concerning the protection of Christians in Crete. The papal envoy was snubbed, the Pope was deeply offended, and a coldness has existed between the Porte and the Vatican ever since. 