22 A_ME.EintC.AN S.E1N'IPINRITLA0 VoL. 8, No. 8. TINEL deserves to be heard, because to our certain knowledge it pointed out years be-fore the event took place that this coun-try would in some way, and in due time,Šthe SENTINEL not knowing how or when,Šdeclare itself to be a religious power, and so fulfill prophecy. It has come about through a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, unanimously con-curred in, in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity, New York City, and in the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, passed by both houses of the legislative branch of government and signed by the chief executive. The people do not know the ultimate effect of this joint action; if they did they would not submit to it; but they are either on the one hand utterly indifferent to religion, do not believe in prophecy, nor in the Lord's government of nations; or else they are blind leaders of the blind and think they are doing God service in securing a declaration that this is a Chris-tian Nation and should execute Christian laws. What will be the ultimate outcome of all this; how long the long-suffering of God will give a misguided people Sand gov-ernment to see the error of their ways and repent, before he executes his wrath upon them both, he only knows. But that we are in the midst of the greatest crisis that the world has seen for many a generation, and at the turning point of the favoring fortunes of the government of this people we have no manner of doubt, and we shall watch, and advise our readers to watch, the signs of the times with the most critical eye, and to search the Scriptures to ascertain the purposes of God foretold long before with regard to this, as well as every other nation which presumes to meddle with his moral and spiritual gov-ernment of his people. " The Friends and Foes." THE noted lecturer, Joseph Cook, of Bos-ton, delivered an address in the Grand Opera House at Superior, Wis., on Dec. 18, under the auspices of the American Protestant League, his subject being, "The friends and foes of the public schools." His speech was reported by the Zve-n,ing Telegraph, of Superior, from which I quote some of the gentleman's sayings, which must be of special interest just at this juncture when religion and politics are so badly mixed. Mr. Cook seems to be alarmed at the influence that Catholics are gaining in political affairs, and fears lest they may gain the balance of power in the Nation. On this point he said :Š There are now about 8,000,000 Catholics in the United States, and about 40,000,000 Protestants. In ten or twenty years we shall have 100,000,000, and the Catholics 20,000,000, sufficient you see to turn any closely contested election. The parochial school teaches obedience to the clerical party, and even now the clerical influence is felt in politics. Certainly "the clerical influence is felt in politics," in a very marked manner when ministers lobby in the halls of Con-gress, and the churches send petitions and memorialize Congress asking for the po-litical power to control and regulate reli-gious matters. And when feeling and fear-ing this clerical influenceŠthis church partyŠsenators will stand on the floor of Congress and gravely say, speaking of the bill for closing the World's Fair on Sunday : " I would write the provision for the closure in any form that the religious sentiment of the country demands." Truly the clerical influence is felt in  politics 1 But is it only the influence of the clergy of the Catholic Church that is felt ? Who are the clergymen that do the political wire-pulling ? Are they not professed Protestants seeking to gain con-trol of the Government in the interest of the churches ? But the Government is no safer under the influence of professed Protestant preachers and churches than under the in-fluence of the Roman Church and clergy. Either means ruin. Again, speaking of the Jesuits, their in-fluence in this country, dictating where least expected, etc., Mr. Cook said : "I ask only that the North Americans do as the South Americans didŠexpel them. Jes-uitism is a naked sword with its hilt in Rome and its points in every place." True it is 1 and it pierces the vitals of every government it touches. But what better is that same principle of Jesuitism under the name of Protestantism, which seeks to do the same wicked work that Jesuitism has always done ? Mr. Cook further said : " We deny the union of State and Church, but we do not deny the co-operation of Christianity and the State." That is all that the bishops asked of the imperial power in the fourth century. Just you (Constantine) help us and we and our church will help you. The .Papacy was the result. But a still more remark-able statement was made by this noted speaker :Š Americans who put down slavery are not going to submit to sectarianism. The church or the family are not sufficient to educate the whole people, for one fourth of the people never see the inside of a church. The family that does not send its children to church is not fit to educate its children. And how can the church which never sees them. Neither can do as much as the school. . . . We put the child into the stomach of the school and turn out Americans. . . . We want the common school to educate the head and heart. We want the three links of iron, silver, and goldŠthe common school, colleges and educationŠjoined. And the three to bind the American people to God. The education for which Mr. Cook pleads is that which will bind the people to God. Moral trainingŠreligion. But notice that he pleads that the public schools, which are supported by the State, shall do this educating in morals, because " the church and the family are not sufficient." "Pity 'tis 'tis true." But why does not the gentleman, seeing the insufficiency of the churches for this great work rec-ommend that they petition the God of heaven, who is the source of all power and righteousness, to make them sufficient for that work. We would ask: Whose or what religion would Mr. Cook have taught by the Government ? His, of course. He would not have the Government teach his children false doctrine, surely. Who would decide this matter? the Church ? Then the Church would be dom-inating the State.. And for the Prot-estant churAes to take control of the GovernmentŁtov teach religion, to bind the people to God :is just as wicked, and the results just as subversive of the true prin-ciple of our Government as it would be for the Catholic Church to do the same thing. The whole thing is antichristian and un-American. But Mr. Cook makes a still more aston-ishing statement : " But the Constitution says that religion, morals, and education must be encouraged. Thus the Constitu-tion says that this is a Christian country. It gives to Protestants one day out of seven for rest, thereby acknowledging Chris-tianity." Does this renowned American know what the Constitution says ? He surely does. Then why such reckless statements ? Every one knows or ought to know that there are no such statements made nor ideas held in the Constitution, as " ac--knowledging Christianity" or that " this is a Christian country." The founders of our Government, noble men they were, and wiser than most of the modern divines, knew enough to leave these things out of the fundamental law; for they are indeed out of the realm of civil government. But the Constitution teaches just the opposite of Mr. Cook's statements, viz., " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Amendments, art. 1. And in the treaty with Tripoli made in 1797 the statement is made, that the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion. (Treaties are a part of the fun-damental law. See Constitution, art. 6). The true Protestant idea of the province of civil government, is best stated in the immortal words of the Protestant princes of Germany at the Diet of Spires from whence the name Protestant originated. " In matters of conscience the majority has no power. . . . To protect lib-erty of conscience is the duty of the State, and this is the limit of its authority in matters of religion." Is Mr. Cook's doctrine Protestant, or Papal ? Which ? W. N. HYATT. Religion and Irreligion In France. THE truth stated in a recent SENTINEL, regarding the influences which fostered the infidelity of the French Revolution, is put in very similar words by Prof. Goldwin Smith, the very well-known essayist :Š The religion of the French Revolution was a State church which, deserted by the convictions of the people, but retaining their outward allegiance, reduced them to hypocrisy and to atheism. Is there not also a lesson timely for us now in the fact that even the Reign of Terror, away down beneath the surface, was a blind and mad effort to force France into that ideal millennium of the philos-ophers, wherein was to be unity, equality, and brotherly love ? Every man was re-sponsible that every other man had this brotherly love in his heart, or that he was put where he would not block the wheels of progress. Legislative assemblies pro-duced "paper models" of the millennium, and the pike and guillotine were unceas-ingly busy, but all were alike powerless to force the reign of peace and goodwill into hearts unsubdued by the power of God. Replying to M. Roux, who in his " His-torie Parlementaire " held that the French Revolution was " a dead-lift effort, after eighteen hundred years of preparation, to realizeŠthe Christian religion." Car-lyle says in his history of that epoch :Š Alas, no, M. Roux. A gospel of brotherhood, not according to any of the four old evangelists and calling on men to repent, and amend each his own wicked existence that they might be saved; but a gospel rather, as we often hint, according to a new fifth evangelist, Jean-Jacques, calling on men to amend each the whole world's wicked exist-ence, and be saved by making a constitution. A thing different and distant toto ccelo, as they say; the whole breadth of the sky, and further if pos-sible. The history of those days shows also that men who pledge themselves to wrong principles, and seek to attain their aims by methods subversive of civil as well as 