30 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. lied. Both Quakers and Baptists,, no matter how pure was their Christian life, were denied the common rights of citizenship. It was so in Maryland when the State allied itself to the Protestants, and tried to put down the Cath-olics. It is so in Utah, where the " Gentiles " are not considered as having any rights which the "saints" are bound to respect; and were it not for our National Government the rights'of no dissenters would be regarded. It is per-fectly consistent for these religious amendment- ists to follow in the footsteps of their predeces-sors in the union of church and State. If the infidel has a right to live, to acquire the means to sustain life, to enjoy family and social privileges, he has a right to enjoy these privileges in the Government wherever he may chance to be. By virtue of his citizenship he is an integral part of the Government. But if the infidel has rights in the Govern-' ment, and has no rights in the church, then the church and the Government must be kept clearly distinct and separate; otherwise he will be deprived of his rights in the State, or exercise them under church regulations. If the church has the right to say that none but Christians shall be eligible to office, or to vote for officers, in the State, it has then the power to adminis-ter discipline outside of its membership. And then it would be truly consistent for the church to disfranchise and even to banish infidels, for infidels have no rights within church jurisdiction. Every one ought to see that this effort to sub-ordinate the State to the church, and to make the State an instrument "to serve the interests of the church," to " profess, adhere to, defend, and maintain :the true religion," inevitably tends to usurpation in the State and to the cor-ruption of the church. In the convention in Cleveland, Ohio, Dr. McAllister well said that nations " are a neces-sity of life." " It is optional with a man," he said, "whether he becomes a member of any of these artificial bodies, banks, bridge compa-nies, etc., or not; he may join them, or not, just as he pleases. But a man cannot prevent his membership in a nation." And why not? Because he cannot prevent his being born within the limits of the nation. His rights as a member of the nation (not of a church) he acquires by birth; and of these none may de-prive him. From this conclusion there is no escape, unless our " Reformers" take another (and to them consistent) step, and deny that the infidel has a right to be born! Whether or not he has the right, we consider that it would be unfortunate for him to be born under the rule of this "National Reform Association," or in any State of which they had any control. J. H. W. Injustice of Religious Intolerance. THE following thoughts are taken from a work entitled " Essays on the Formation and Publication of Opinions." The author is un-known. The principles advanced are so much to the point, and so clearly set forth the utter impropriety of a movement just being put forth by the National Reform Party, that we take pleasure in submitting them to the candid reader. He says:Š " Whether established opinions are false or  true, it is alike the interest of the community that investigation should be unrestrained, in order that if false, they be discarded, and, if true, rendered conspicuous to all. The only way of fully attaining the benefits of truth is to suffer opinions to maintain themselves against attack, or fall in the contest. The terrors of the law are wretched replies to argument, dis- graceful to a good, and feeble auxiliaries to a bad cause. If there was any fixed and unques-tionable standard by which the validity of opinions could be tried, there might be some sense, and some utility, in checking the extrav- agances of opinion by legal interference; but since there is no other standard than the gen- eral reason of mankind, discussion is the only method of trying the correctness of all doc-trines whatever; and it is the highest presump- tion in any man, or any body of men, to erect their tenets into a criterion of truth, and over- whelm dissent and opposition by penal inflic-tions. Such conduct can proceed on no princi-ple which would not justify all persecutions that disgrace the page of ecclesiastical history. "Let established opinions be defended with the utmost power of reason; let the learning of schools and colleges be brought to their sup-port; let elegance and taste display them in their most enchanting colors; let no labor, no expense, no arguments be spared in upholding their authority; but, in the name of humanity, resort not to the aid of the pillory and the dun- geon. When they cannot be maintained by knowledge and reason, it will surely be time to suspect that judicial severities will be but a feeble protection. "The allurements and the menaces of power are alike incapable of establishing opinions in the mind, or eradicating those which are al- ready there. They may draw hypocritical professions from avarice and ambition, or ex-tort verbal renunciations from fear and feeble-ness; but this is all they can accomplish. The way to alter belief is not to address motives to the will, but arguments to the intellect. To do otherwise, to apply rewards and punishments to opinions, is as absurd as to raise men to the peerage for their ruddy complexions, to whip them for the gout, and hang them for the scrofula. " The penalty of the law can change no man's opinion. In order to change the percep- tions you must change the 'thing perceived. To illustrate: Take any controverted fact in history; let a man make .himself perfectly ac- quainted with the statements and authorities on both sides, and, at the end of his investiga-tion, he will either believe, doubt, or disbelieve the fact in question. Now apply any possible motive to his mind. Blame him, praise him, intimidate him by threats, or allure him by promises, and after all your efforts, how far will you have succeeded in changing the state of his intellect in relation to the fact? It is true that you may so intimidate by threats that you can succeed in making a man assert that he believes so and so, but all the powers of the universe could not make him believe his assertion."' How utterly unjust and absurd, then, to en-act laws, and enforce them, that restrict men in their opinions concerning certain doctrines. Men may be forced to yield to the menaces of law, but this brutal way of compelling men to submit to what they do not believe, serves only to destroy their individuality and check that spirit of investigation which is so essential to intellectual growth. E. HILLIARD. Minneapolis, Minn. Macaulay on Gladstone. IT is the duty, Mr. Gladstone tells us, of the persons, be they who they may, who hold su-preme power in the State, to employ that power in order to promote whatever they may deem to be theological truth. Now, surely, before he can call on us to admit this proposi-tion, he is bound to prove that these persons are likely to do more good than harm by so employing their power. The first question is, whether a Government, proposing to itself the propagation of religious truth as one of its principal ends, is more likely to lead the people right than to lead them wrong? Mi qlad-stone evades this question; and perhaps it e his wisest course to do so. "If," says he, "the Government be gooa let it have its natural duties and powers at its command; but, if not good, let it be made so. . . . We follow, therefore, the true course in looking first for the true idea, or abstract conception of a Government, of course with allowance for the evil and frailty that are in man, and then in examining whether there be comprised in that idea a capacity and conse-quent duty on the part of a Government to lay down any laws, or devote any means for the purposes of religion,Šin short, to exercise a choice upon religion." Of course, Mr. Gladstone has a perfect right to argue any abstract question, provided that he will constantly bear in mind that it is only an abstract question that he is arguing. Whether a perfect Government would or would not be a good machinery for the propagation of religious truth is certainly a harmless, and may, for aught we know, be an edifying sub- ject of inquiry. But it is very important that we should remember that there is not, and never has been, any such Government in the world. There is no harm at all in inquiring what course a stone thrown into the air would take, if the law of gravitation did not operate. But the consequences would be unpleasant, if the inquirer, as soon as he had finished his cal- culation, were to begin to throw stones about in all directions, without considering that his conclusion rests on a false hypothesis, and that his projectiles, instead of flying away through infinite space, will speedily return in parabolas, and break the windows and heads of his neigh-bors. It is very easy to say that Governments are good, or, if not good, ought to be made so. But what is meant by good Government? And how are all the bad Governments in the world to be made good? And of what value is a theory which is true only on a supposition in the highest degree extravagant? We do not, however, admit that, if a Gov-ernment were, for all its temporal ends, as per-fect as human frailty allows, such a Govern- ment would, therefore, be necessarily qualified to propagate true religion. For we see that the fitness of Governments to propagate true religion is by no means proportioned to their fitness for the temporal end of their institution. Looking at individuals, we see that the princes under whose rule nations have been most ably 