Itcliutoils Libcrtil fissoGiatioii ip,e Aso ex  Acr JUSTICZ 704, 150 THE AMERICAN sEN-rn\Tri,. people are, and I trust always will be pre-ponderantly Christian. But the Govern-ment is neither Christian nor antichris-tian ; neither religious nor anti-religious, but merely a secular institution established to care for the relations between man and man, but not to interfere in those between man and God." Church and State. Are They to Be United ? HAD every American citizen understood the history of his country as he should have done, we need never have had the war between the StatesŠthat most terrible of all wars. Did every American citizen understand (as he should do) the danger of any enact-ment in regard to any religion or religious observance whatever, the union of Church and State, that worst of all despotisms, would never take place in this free coun-try. There is an old proverb, " It is the first step that costs," and Americans are taking the first steps now. In the World's Fair bill offered by Judge Lindsay is a paragraph proposing to close the Kentucky exhibit on Sunday, and he " incorporated it, simply because the preachers of the State sent me word unless it was done they would use their utmost endeavors to defeat the bill." That religion which can be enforced is simply hypocrisy. That religion which needs to be enforced is no religion at all. That State which controls the con-sciences of its people is a tyrant. Any people who will make laws to limit or con-trol in any way the individual liberties of any of her citizens as regards matters of religious belief is forging the chain which will bind that people sooner or later in bonds that can not be broken. Whenever the precedent is established that religious restrictions may be made, then that church which, as Napoleon said, " has the longest purse and the heaviest battalions," will force all the other churches to observe the religious observances and to pay respect to the mode of worship it may choose to employ. It is amazing that the American people do not see this danger. Are they so weary of liberty that they must needs cast it aside of purpose ? A great many Christians sincerely be-lieve they are honoring God in keeping Sunday as their holy day. A little read-ing of Church history would show them instead, that they are honoring the edict of a man who was the arch-hypocrite of all the ages, Constantine the Great, who deprived Christians of their true Sabbath, and forced upon them the day of , worship of the pagans. Constantine was ready to profess any religion that would further his ambition. So, after professing Christianity, in order to propitiate his pagan subjects, he issued an edict requiring the religious observance of the " Sun's day "Šthe day devoted by the pagans to the worship of the sun. The ceremonies of this worship as related by historians were most horrible, espe-cially as regarded women. The sun, which was worshipped under many namesŠApollo, Bacchus, and many others, was regarded by the sun-worshipers as the author of all beingŠand the principle of procreation became a divine thing in their estimation. And their women were sac-rificed in a more cruel manner than were  the victims on the bloody altars of the Druids. Constantine's Christianity was of such a nature that he could preside over the first general Council of the Catholic Church at Nice, A. D. 325, and in 326, the year following, have his eldest son, Cris-pus, put to death because he feared his popularity with the soldiers, Crispus being greatly beloved by them, also his nephew, the son of his favorite sister, whose rank was his only crime, and for whom his mother wept and plead in vain. The next year his wife was " suffocated in a bath which had been heated to an insupportable degree of temperat4ure." Upon his death he gave to the bishop of Nicomedia his will to give to his eldest surviving son. It was of such terrible import the bishop would not give it to him, but placed it in the dead hand of Constantine. It directed his son to kill his (Constantine's) brothers and their children, as he suspected them of having poisoned him. It was done, six of them being massa-cred and only two escaping. And this pretended Christian, this sel-fish murderer, this ambitious hypocrite, was the author of the Sunday observ-ance for which the Christian world is now contending, and for which they are will-ing to destroy the fairest fabric Freedom has yet reared. This man who deprived the Christians of their Sabbath given them by God Almighty, amid the thun-ders of Mount Sinai, of that day of which God said, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt do no work,"Šthis man, whose cruelty was only equalled by his hypoc-risy, is still dictating to the free men of America and requiring them to observe the sun's day. The Sabbath is observed by only three sects in America, perhaps in the worldŠthe Jews, the Seventh-day Baptists, and the Seventh-day Adventists. The above is the true origin of the ob-servance of Sunday, instead of the seventh day. It was adopted, not as some have supposed, because Christ arose on that day, for his followers continued to ob-serve the Biblical Sabbath until forced to resign it, but simply in accordance with the law, made by the "first Christian emperor," who united Church and State in a most emphatic manner. Would it not be well for the ministers and the people to pause and reflect a little before they follow the example, which has so often proven disastrous to liberty, of mixing up religion with laws and State affairs and business matters ? Precedents are most dangerous things.ŠN., in Hen-derson (Ky.), Journal. TEXMESSEE has White Caps as well as very bad Sunday laws. Recent advices from that State say that the White Caps in Jackson, Sevier, and Knox Counties are said to be well organized under the direction of a capable manager, who was brought from Indiana, where he acquired considerable experience in the infamous business. So far, about fifty persons have been whipped by the White Caps, and some of the leading citizens have been warned. Ten women have received whip-pings, and one minister, the Rev. Jenkins: Several of those whipped are in a precari-ous condition. White Caps and indict-ments for Sunday work under the common law against maintaining a nuisance, re-quire about the same soil. 'WEEP lilt ATE AND VIE crOCh rougotrikitgeusP DE,61,1111HION OF PRINGIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ, We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f llow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. R. C. PORTER  A. F. BALLENGER ....M.10Ł1=1.1.01Ł1 THE Secretary of the National Religious Liberty Association writes, "From all parts of the country we are receiving communications every day show-ing the rapid advancement of sentiment toward universal Sunday laws. The general offices of the Religious Liberty Association are being crowded to their utmost capacity in their endeavors to meet demands upon them." AN English paper contains the following evidence of the widespread advancement of the movement toward religious persecution :Š It is said that the Lutherans, and especially the Lutheran pastors in Finland, are trying to get a law passed to prevent all free religious services. If such a law were passed, scores (if not hundreds) of the best Christians of Finland would be thrown into prison. This spirit of enforcing religion by law is not confined to the United States, it is everywhere making itself felt. THE Christian Statesman takes the laboring men to task thus, in its issue of April 23:Š In some places in this country, as well as abroad, there is some talk of having the ]abor demonstra-tions associated with May 1st on the Sabbath (which is May 1st of this year), instead of Monday. Let labor unions not thus insult and alienate those most in sympathy with them, the churches, by a violation of divine and civil Sabbath laws. It has always been claimed heretofore by the American Sabbath Union and its kindred associa- tions, that laboring men and the labor organiza-tions were anxious for the strict enforcement of the Sunday laws, and indeed, had petitioned Congress to that effect. It is not likely that they have back-slidden so soon, but this warning and exhortation is evidence, rather, that the claim, that the labor-ing men and their organizations sympathized with the movement to enforce Sunday laws, was false. The truth about the indorsement of the labor organizations is partly given in the publication by Mr. Crafts of advanced sheets from the new edition of his "Sabbath for Man." He says: "The peti-tions for the spring not having represented labor organizations, at the suggestion of Senator Blair, the writer visited such organizationsŠthe Central Labor Union, and Letter Carriers' Association of New York City, the International Conventions of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, and the International Assembly of the Knights of Labor," etc., and, as he claims there, they all committed themselves fully to the Sunday-law movement. The other portion of the truth about the position of the labor organizations was told by PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 