40 AlVIERICAN AMONG the various schemes and ideas which have of late been sprung upon the public in the name of reform by law, is that of the establishment by Congress of a "bureau of matrimony," to rest upon a law to be passed making marriage compulsory upon all persons of mar-riageable age. As yet, this innovation has not a very strong backing, the visible power behind it consisting of one determined woman, by name Mrs. Charlotte Smith. Just what reasons the latter is able to set out in support of her proposition, we have not yet learned; but doubt-less they are as numerous and quite as weighty as those urged in behalf of other proposed reforms with which the public have long been familiar. * IT might be said in its support, for instance, that man was not created to live by himself, and .that the married state is the one ordained for him by the Creator: and this is certainly true. Therefore it might be argued that, as a general rule, it is the duty of all persons of marriageable age to get married; and this being so, that there ought to be a law to make them do it. Statistics might be invoked to showŠas they unquestionably do showŠthat criminals are proportionately more numerous among the unmarried part of the population than among the married; and hence it would be clear that by increas-ing the proportion of married people there would be se-cured a diminution in the amount of crime. And it will not be questioned that the prevention of crime is one of the chief ends of civil government. * * THAT is the way people argue in support of some other and quite popular reforms, and the argument holds just as good in the one, case as in the other. It is upon just this line of argument that the great movement for "Sabbath reform" rests. It was ordained that man should keep the Sabbath; and if all men would do this,  the benefit to society would be incalculable. Crime and the evils which spring from human depravity would dis-appear as if by magic. Therefore, say the promoters of the movement, let us have laws which will oblige all peo-ple to keep the Sabbath. Their "logic" involves the same mistake that is involved in the idea of a compulsory marriage law,Ša mistake which is fatal to the success of the scheme as a means of promoting the welfare of man-kind. THE mistake turns upon the point of compulsion.. Marriage was not ordained as a state to be entered into by compulsion; and neither was the Sabbath so ordained. A person who marries under compulsion makes the poor-est kind of a marriage partner, and the poorest exhibi-tion of Sabbath keeping is furnished by the one who observes the day against his own free will. Unless his heart and soul are in it, the individual himself is not in it; and then the thing itself, whether marriage or Sabbath keeping, becomes only hypocrisy and sham. * THE trouble with Mrs. Smith's scheme of reform by enforced matrimony is not in the scheme itself, but in the principle on which it is based. It would be all right to compel people to get married, if the principle of reform by the force of law were a sound one. Bat it is not; and whenever this principle is embodied in a scheme of reform, things are made worse than they were before. This is the only result that can ever follow in such a ease. * Bum although this is as plain as a b c, the efforts made to reform the city, state, and nation by law still keep up, and are becoming more widespread than ever_ Morally, the world is moving backward, not forward. * THE state of Ohio has just passed through an acute attack of politics, which, while it has not furnished the rest of the country with a very edifying spectacle, has given the observer a fair idea of what politics can be-come under the developing influence of nineteenth cen-tury civilization. THE most conspicuous thing in this contest was the open and specific charge of bribery made by the leaders of one political faction against the successful candidate for the office of United States senator. The latter having escaped defeat by a single vote, the President says that in his victory "all right-minded people will rejoice;" whereupon a prominent politician of the state makes reply to the President that his words are an "insult to every honest man in the United States." This is bad enough, certainly; but what would it have been if all the preachers in the state had been involved in the contest, imparting to it a distinctly religious character? Cer-tainly it would have been worse, in such a case, than it was. THERE is news just now of a rather strange and start-ling character from Italy. The pope, it is said, has made a pronouncement in favor of republics. This is contrary to the traditional Policy of the papacy, which has always favored monarchical government. This pronouncement is made in the Civilta Cattolica, the official organ of the 