"Equal end Exact. Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, Feligious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 9, 1893. NUMBER 44. American Sentinel PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. - ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN D. DOLLMAN. '1 WILLIAM H. MC KEE, THE objects of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, as declared by its constitution, are three in number, although the article containing ,them masses them as one general proposi-tion; first, to protect the common schools and " other American institutions ; " sec-ond, " to promote public instruction in harmony with such institutions ; " third, to prevent the use of public money for sectarian purposes. THE league deals, then, with the State, the Church, the common schools, and " other American institutions," and it is its intent to promote the cause of the pub-lic schools " in harmony with such insti-tutions," and to conserve the public funds solely for civil uses. Into this proposition there enters an unknown factor, " other American institutions" and "such insti-tutions," which utterly destroys the possi-bility of any definite understanding of what the :league intends to do, or what it may or may not do. Bum, eliminating this unknown quantity and assuming that the purposes of the league are to protect the public schools, and to prevent the appropriation of public funds to sectarian uses, let us see what these two objects, viewed in the light one of the other, will require of those who espouse them. They will require an accu-rate discrimination between the sphere and authority of the Church, and the State; because the public school is a State insti-tution, and sects and denominations are ecclesiastical. WILL it follow from this, then, that the league has set itself to distinguish and fol-low the accurate line of separation between Church and State ? It must come to this or adopt a subterfuge by claiming that funds may be appropriated for general religious uses, but not distinctively in the interest of any particular religious denom- ination or sect. But it cannot be denied in any reasonable use of the English lan-guage, and an understanding of its origin and growth, that the followers of Christ, professing the Christian religion, consti-tute the Christian sect among the different religious sects of the world. The league is, therefore, committed to the defense of a secular school and a secular State. THt supposition, derived from this ra-tional view of the objects of the league, is strengthened by the fact that under the auspices of the league a proposed amend-ment to the national Constitution has been offered in Congress, which applies the terms of the First Amendment to the Constitution, in reference to religion, to the States separately, with an elaboration specifically prohibiting the use of public money for or in behalf of any sectarian institution or organization. The adoption of this amendment, and its interpretation in good faith, would require of every State government what the Constitution re-quires of Congress a distinctively secular Government, without alloy. IT is true, that, adapting the words of the First Amendment to the national Con-stitution, this amendment which the league proposes reads, " No State shall pass any law respecting an establishment of reli-gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and then, with the pause of only a comma, runs right on to specify in legal terms the prohibition of the use of State money or credit for or in the interest of any church, religious denomination or society, etc. To claim that the broad and universal prohibition contained in the first two phrases are conditioned and restricted to the particulars which follow would be a subterfuge utterly unworthy of such as claim to be honest men and worthy citi-zens. Is it to be believed for one moment that Wm. Allen Butler, Rev. James M. King, and the many other gentlemen of this league whose names are even better and more favorably known in the legal, business, and religious world, would lend themselves to any such deceptive use of time honored language and expression of constitutional principle, as that would be? If they have not, this proposed amend-ment means what it says,Šthat every State shall be held to the same strict  avoidance of the subject of religion in its legislation which the First Amendment to the Constitution imposes upon the Con-gress of. the United States. IN the nine questions, referred to at length, in the first article of the previous issue of this paper, as propounded by the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, to the delegates to the New York State Constitutional Con-vention, the first answers to this supposi-tion fully, and is in complete accordance with the correct theory of the entire sepa-ration of Church and State; partially stated in the objects of the league, and unreservedly put forth in its constitutional amendment. That which is asked of the citizens of this State, in that question, is needed from every person in this country, a definite and intelligent defense of the " principle of the separation of Church and State," and a willingness to help in " securing definite constitutional safe-guards to perpetuate the separation of Church and State," and also an active in-terest in " correcting the legislation which has arisen in violation of that principle." But having asked a question which pre-supposes, and requires, are pudiation of all Church and State affiliations, another is immediately put, in the second query, which would be totally unnecessary and cumulative, and which the questioner would have omitted, if the full scope of the first question had been intended or understood. The query to the candidate is, whether he is in favor " of preventing the application of public funds or property for the benefit of sectarian instruction." etc. WHY should this question have been asked of one who had just answered the previous question, either affirmatively or negatively ? There is no middle ground in this matter, it is either a separation of Church and State or a union of Church. and State. The one who has just declared that he holds that the "principle of the separation of Church and State must be sacredly observed" can no more favor the use of public funds for sectarian or reli-gious instruction than he can uphold the enforced reading of the Bible in the pub-lic schools; or the establishment by the State of a course of theological training 