400 ,A.MTIRTIEZIC_&N1b.4-INTIF9EIVIETL.69 Ł VoL. 8, No. 60. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 21, 1893. NO PAPER NEXT WEEK. A ccording to our usual custom we omit one paper about the holidays. Our sub-scribers lose nothing by this as fifty num-bers constitute a volume of the " Sentinel." The next number will be issued early in the new year and will bear date of Janu- ary 4,1894. Ł ON another page (397) we publish an article on the "Separation between Church and State," by Rev. Dr. MacArthur, of the Calvary Baptist Church, this city. DOCTOR MACARTHUR writes as a Bap-tist, and claims much for his denomina-tion; but to that people much is certainly due. For centuries Baptists were, under God, almost the sole defenders of religious liberty, and to them the people of the United States are largely indebted for the freedom hitherto enjoyed in this land in the profession and practice of religion. BUT while it is true that Baptists have in the past stood stiffly for religious lib-erty, it is equally true that within a few years the mass of Baptists have, in some respects, proved recreant to their princi-ples, and have, with other Protestants, clamored for governmental support of religious institutions. Doctor MacArthur is himself prominent in the American Sabbath Union, an organization which has done more than any other to secure national recognition of Sunday as " the Christian Sabbath." SUNDAY is not- only a religious institu-tion, but it is an ecclesiastical institution; and the demand made in its behalf by the united churches under the lead of the American Sabbath Union was not one whit better in principle than is the pro-posed crusade of the Papists on State funds, in behalf of their denominational schools. The Papists do not ask aid for their schools alone, but only that there shall be an equitable distribution of school funds among all schools giving secular instruction coming up to the requirements of the State, whether Protestant or papal. This is simply inviting Protestants to a concerted action in the matter of school funds similar to the united demand made on the general Government in behalf of the Sunday' institution. Consistency de-mands of the Baptists opposition to Sunday legislation as well as to all other State interference in religious matters. BUT whether consistent or not, Doctor MacArthur says some excellent things. One paragraph alone fully justifies the position of those who have gone to prison rather than deny, their faith by observing  a false and counterfeit Sabbath. "The early Christians," says the doctor, "obeyed civil law in secular matters, but they dared to disobey when their Christian faith was in peril. Then they refused and received punishment with Christian sub-mission and with heroic endurance. Their persecutions arose chiefly from the ancient laws which forbade the worship of deities which the State did not recognize. The Roman Government was tolerant of vari-ous religions, when their representatives were quiescent, but when Christians be-came active in propagating their faith they encountered fierce civil opposition." THE principle which the doctor states and applies to the early Christians, is equally true of the Seventh-day Advent-ists of our own day, and his language needs but little change to express the exact truth concerning the Adventists and the persecution which they are called upon to endure. We paraphrase his words thus: The Adventists obey civil law in secular matters, but they dare to disobey when their Christian faith is in peril. Then they refuse and receive punishment with Christian submission and heroic en-durance. Their persecutions arise chiefly from old laws still upon our statute books which require the observance of a pagan festival, as the Christian Sabbath. Our civil authorities are tolerant of Adventists when they are quiescent, but when they become active in propagating their faith, and are consistent in living it out, they encounter fierce civil opposition. THIS is the situation in a nutshell. Human nature has not changed at all, and times have changed but little since the days of the Caesars. The spirit of persecution is not essentially different now from what it was then, while the pretexts for it are almost identical with those of thirteen hundred years ago. IN discussing the Roman Catholic raid on the public schools, the Mail and Express says :Š The State and the Church are- separated in this country by an impassable gulfŠone that civil and ecclesiastical despots have endeavored in vain to bridge. Such attempts have always resulted in calamity. Years ago De Tocqueville said: " In Europe, the Church and the State are intimately united. Hence both are in decay." Shall such be the result in our glorious country ? This is the question which we shall soon have to answer. Let the answer be both emphatic and final. Religion is a matter between man's conscience and his God No government can interfere with it, except to guarantee perfect freedom to all, in the exercise of that faith which each has seen fit to embrace. These are good sentiments, and yet the Mail and Express has, for years, been one of the most persistent advocates of reli-gious legislation to be found anywhere in this country. The " impassable gulfŠone that 'civil and ecclesiastical despots have endeavored in vain to bridge," has been bridged in " free " America by the  action of the Supreme Court, applauded by the Mail and Express, and by the Sunday legislation of the Fifty-second CongressŠlegislation demanded by the Mail and Express, in the interests of the combined churches of the land. IN the Senate, on Dec. 1l , Mr. Cullom, of Illinois, in offering petitions from his constitu ten ts said:Š I als1 present a petition signed by the pastors of a pretty large number of churches in Chicago, praying Congress, to make an appropriation (I un-derstand from outside sources that the sum t equired will not be over $10,000) for a small chapel in con-nection with the marine hospital cated in Chi-cago, and on the ground which belongs to the Government, and is in part occupied by the marine hospital. The propcsed chapel is to be for the accommodation of sick persons who are in the hos-pital, so that they may have an opportunity to attend church. I move that the petition be referred to the committee on Public Buildings and Grounds. Is this not a logical conclusion from the appointment of chaplains by the Govern-ment ? If it is the duty of the United States to provide teachers of religion in Government institutions, why does it not follow that it is the duty of the United States to furnish churches and chapels in which the teaching may be given ? This being so, why is it not the right and duty of the Government, then, to decide what form of religion shall be taught by its paid chaplains, and in the building which it has provided ? This acknowledged, as how can it be denied if the premises are granted, how does the Government differ from a great ecclesiastical organization, and what is it but an image to the Papacy ? A TELEGRAPHIC news item from Chicago says that the clergy of that city will "form a central union religious body for aggressive work in municipal affairs." This is about the time when the "unto guid " of Chicago should give all their time and attention to the management of municipal affairs, otherwise their attention might be uncomfortably drawn to the fact that there are many tens of thousands more of the poor this winter than they always have with them, needing the immediate exercise of their Christian charity. Will this religious central union feed the hun-gry, clothe the naked, and visit the widow and the fatherless in their affliction ? AT a meeting of the Catholic clergy of Baltimore it has been determined, under the advice and counsel of Cardinal Gib-bons, to withdraw the propositions which have lately been made in Maryland and New York for State aid to parochial schools "for the present." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5,to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - 80e 64 100 to 249 " " " 66 - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " " - Ł - 70e lf 500 to 999 " " " Ł Ł 65c " 1000 or more 66  " 66 " - Ł - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 