242 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ner of the world. How else could it be expected to act? It is only people who want to be worldlyŠpeople who could not keep the Sabbath anyway without a change of heartŠwho will not want to rest. on the Sabbath. All this will not affect the church; at least, there is no reason why it should. The church is in the world, sur-rounded by worldliness in every form; yet she is not to be of the world. The world is the proper place for the church, under the present constitution of things, just as the water is the proper place for a ship; but the world need not get into the church, any more than the water need get into a ship; indeed, the world can always be kept out of the church if the church so wills it. SometimeS water gets into a ship by unavoidable accident; but the church must first voluntarily open its doors to the world before the world can get into it. Let people of the world, then, go about their worldly pursuits on the Sabbath, as on any day, and let the church spend the day in rest and the worship of God. This very thing would do much to mark a distinction between the church and the world. The great trouble with the church to:day is that this distinction is not plainly marked. The friends of the world know it is not, and the enemies of religion know it is not; and this is why the church to day has so little influence over them. And the reason it is not plainly marked is that hardly any distinction exists. In endeavoring to conform the world to the church by non-scriptural methods, the church has become very largely conformed to the world. And a Sunday law is one methodŠand not by any means the leastŠby which this conformity has been accomplished. A Sunday law tends always to conform the church to the world. The governmentŠthe stateŠis of the world. And it must always be of the world, for it is that into which every worldly element enters. The government cannot rise to the level of Christianity; but the Christian church can descend to the level of the world (of course losing her Christianity in the process). And when the government enacts a Sunday law, and compels the world to conform to it, the only effect is to obliterate, in part at least, the distinction between the church and the world. But that distinction ought not to be obliterated; it ought to be much sharper than it is. When the church joins with the government in this (as she has done in every case, being always the foremost advocate of such laws), she simply joins with the world, and trails the banner of godliness in the dust. There is a class of people in the country who do not observe the popular rest day, but keep the seventh day instead; and of all classes of religious people, none are more marked as being separate and distinct from the world. And nothing more plainly marks them in this way than their observance of the seventh day as a day of rest and worship, while all the world around them is engaged in its accustomed secular pursuits. No one tries to force the world into conformity with this people. No law exists or ever existedŠof an earthly  sortŠto curtail worldly business or amusements in any' degree upon their day of rest. Yet their Sabbath is not overwhelmed and lost by all this secularism. The flood is beneath it, and can no more overwhelm it than the,  flood of water could overwhelm the ark. Let Sunday laws be removed from the statute books,  everywhere, and the result will be for the good of the-church and of all men. Let the church address her peti-tions to God and not to the state, and the fading line of demarkation between the church and the world will be-come much more clear and distinct. FOR some reason this "Christian nation" shows no,  disposition to "turn the other cheek" to Spain; but is getting ready to do something quite different. Sunday Laws and Sabbath Keeping. IN behalf of Sunday laws it is said that "Sabbath - keeping develops and strengthens the religious nature, and fosters reverence for God and his revealed truth, which is the basis of all well-being and prosperity." This is true, if it be God's Sabbath that is kept, and it be kept in God's appointed way. But how is it as re-gards the sabbath-keeping which is secured by Sunday laws? Does a Sunday law develop and strengthen the reli-gious nature? How is that nature strengthened? Is it not by faith in God? All must admit that it is; but what has a Sunday law to do with faith? What has the aid of the civil power to do with faith? Is not the act of seeking for and depending upon such aid the very oppo-site of faith in God? "Thus saith the Lord: Cursed be the man that trust-eth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the Lord. For he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good cometh; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not inhabited." Jer. 17:5,6. Thus has. God answered those who would put their dependence upon an earthly power. On the other hand, how is it with those who do the opposite? We read further in this chapter: "Blessed is. the man that trusteth in the Lord, and whose hope the Lord is. For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall'  not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green, and shall not be careful in the year of drouth, neither shall cease from yielding fruit." This is the kind of experience that "develops and strengthens the religious nature"; and it comes alto-gether from faith in God. Faith in God is trust in God;: and trust in the arm of flesh is the opposite of trust in.  God. It is the opposite of faith. Can it be said, either, that Sunday laws "foster rev-erence for God and his revealed truth"? Do they call 