656 AMERICAN SENTINEL. a civil conversion. It is the confusion of the civil and religious that makes men appear enemies to good gov-ernment; but when good men are placed in such a posi-tion, something is wrong with the government. We find cases like this to-day. In fact, Cecil, many of the prob-lems of the past are coming to the front, and a study of the war of principle will be profitable and practical to its to-day. We are on the eve of struggles similar to those of the early years of Christianity. Then the Dark Ages confronted them. To-day the Ages of light begin to break upon us; for while gross moral darkness covers the earth, the light of eternal day will break, and before Christ comes, crowned King of kings, and Lord of lords, in face of the law of Godf the trial of principles will be over. The truth will appear, the false go into everlasting night. Good night; when we meet again, we'll have more to talk over." F. B. Studies in French History.-43. THE MASSACRE OF ST. BARTHOLOMEW. "I THINK," exclaimed Joe Palmeter, indignantly, that I would have held the reins of my own government, if I were king." "Well, poor Charles was only a weaklingŠtoo weak to resist the appeals for the annihilation of the despised Protestants, which came raining in upon himŠevery ap-peal seconded and urged by his own mother. At last, desperate and nearly crazed, he signed the fatal docu-ment, and cried, 'Kill them all ! let not one five to re-proach me !' The horrible work was begun at a little past midnight." "I wonder they didn't get confused and kill each other," said Julia March. "Undoubtedly they would have, Julia," replied the professor, "had it not been for the white badges they wore,Ša white scarf and cross." "The idea!" exclaimed Maggie Palmeter. "White is the emblem of purity." "But on this terrible night it was the emblem or badge of violence and murder. The dreadful work was not confined to any class,Šhigh and low, young and old, the grey-haired man and the innocent babe,Šall were alike forced to submit to the baptism of blood." "Didn't King Charles begin to repent when -he saw wimp he had done?" asked Milly Brown. "No; on the contrary, the sight of the bloody corpses seemed to enrage him, and he brutally shot the poor fu-gitives who passed the palace window." "I wonder what became of the King of Navarre?" asked Bert Mathews. "Well, Bert, he professed Catholicism to save his life. All this was done in the name of religionŠin the name of Him who said, 'Put up thy sword into its place.' After he had escaped from danger, he became a Protest-ant again. Perhaps you would all better write in your  books: Massacre of St. Bartholomew, Aug. 24, 1572, when about 25,000 to 30,000 Protestants perished." "Wasn't England a Protestant country?" asked Joe Palmeter, "and if so, how could she help showing dis-pleasure?" "England, as well as other countries, was highly dis-pleased. Queen Elizabeth expressed her indignation in no mild terms, and Germany lifted her hands in horror." "I suppose all this pleased the pope very well," sug-gested Fred Green. "He appeared pleased, and even gave thanks in pub-lic over the horrible victory, but in private it is said that he wept, as well he might. This was Pope Gregory XIII., and by the way, he is the one who gave us our present method of reckoning time." "I think that all the kings could not have been dis-pleased with the massacre," said Edna Phillips, for Uncle Jack said this morning when we were speaking about the Spaniards that the Spanish king was real glad over it, and declared it a great victory." "Your uncle is right, Edna; but Spain was the only country under the sun that did rejoice. Even King Charles was wretched and unhappy afterward, and im-agined that he was haunted by bloody apparitions. There was blood often found in the bed where he, slept, which of course added to his horror. But as he was sub-ject to weak lungs and hemorrhages, this was probably the reason of it. Finally, King Charles the Ninth, whose name will go down to history as the king who sanctioned the most horrible wholesale murder on record, died at the age of only twenty-four,Šyoung in years, but old in crime." "What a different record he might have made for himself!" said Julia March, "it seems to me that kings have a great chance to do good if they will. I hope his son who came after him had more principle than he." "He had no son," answered Professor Carman, "and was succeeded by his youngest brpther Henry, who at this time was over in Poland, having been made king of that country, but now he hurried home to enjoy the greater distinction of being king of France. The people were anxious to welcome him, but he did not appear in public in France after his brother's death, for a number of months, and when he did, his people were much disap-pointed in him, because he seemed to care more for the basket of puppies which he carried with him everywhere than he did for his people or their needs." "What did the people of Poland do when their king left them?" asked Maggie Palmeter. "0, they hurried around and found some one else, and I do not think their choice could have fallen on a more foolish fellow than King Henry proved to be. He asso-ciated with the vilest characters in his kingdom, and then, by way of cancelling his sins, he would take these wicked companions, whom he foolishly called 'darlings,' and repairing to the church, they would thrash each other; this must have been very painful, for they wore 