equal and Rxact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or /Persuasion, Religious or /Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 2, 1893. NUMBER 43. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 45 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN M  P.ILBOMI,CLASKAHNE:  ASSOCIATE EDITORS, THE-National League for the Protection of American Institutions has sent to the public press a circular letter,Šaddressed to the candidates of all parties for the position of delegate to the forthcoming constitu-tional convention in the State of New York,Šwith a request for editorial com- ment. Ł THE constitution of this league states the purpose of its organization, as fol- lows :Š The objects of the League are to secure constitu-tional and legislative safeguards for the protection of the Common School system and other American institutions, and to promote public instruction in harmony with such institutions, and to prevent all sectarian or denominational appropriation of public funds. The National League is absolutely unsectarian and non-partisan in character. It is proposed to secure an amendment to the United States Consti-tution prohibiting sectarian legislation by the States. The Amendment, in form as submitted by the Law Committee, has been adopted by the Board of Managers. The general secretary and original pro-moter of the league is Rev. James M. King, and the chairman of its law com-mittee is Wm. Allen Butler. THE constitutional amendment which the league has formulated and presented to Congress and advocated before its com-mittees, is this :Š No State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious de-nomination or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking, which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. Petitions asking favorable action upon this proposed amendment have been ex-tensively circulated, and, throughout the entire summer, visitors to the World's Fair have been asked for their signatures to it, at a booth on the second floor of the Liberal Arts Building. " A RESPECTFUL request to candidates of all parties for delegate to the New York State constitutional convention, for their opinion in reference,  to question, touching the protection of American institutions, and especially of the separation of the Church and State and of religious liberty,'" is the language with which the letter is entitled, then, with the proper blanks for the addressing of the candidate person-ally, it proceeds to say that it speaks in behalf of "The National League for the Protection of American Institutions " and " the constituency which it represents "; and that its purposes, principles and work " are in strict accord with the provi-sions of the National and State Constitu-tions," and with the pledges of the Re-publican and Democratic parties in 1876; it pleads further that " the membership of the league is absolutely non-partisan and unsectarian in character," and appeals to its list of officers and members to sub-stantiate the plea. AN expression of opinion is then asked upon a number of points, with spaces left below each query for the. reply. Here will be the proper opportunity for com- ment. This is the first question:Š I.ŠDo you hold that the American principle of the separation of Church and State must be sa-credly observed by the National and State Govern-ments, for the preservation of peace and for the security of civil and religious liberty ? Are you willing to give your help in this State toward se-curing definite Constitutional safeguards to per-petuate the separation of Church and State, and toward correcting the legislation which has arisen in violation of that principle ? , The correct principle of the separation of Church and State,Šthat the State has no authority in civil matters,Šthat every man must "render unto God the things which are God's, and unto Cwsar the things that are Csar's," is not primarily an " American" principle, although first governmentally enunciated in the Consti-tution of the United States. It is first a divine and biblical principle; it is a fun-damental and natural principle necessary to be observed strictly in the.. formation of an equitable civil code; for, in so far as this principle is not followed, just in that degree is the resultant civil policy inequitable and iniquitous. This was the purpose of the establishment of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, to preach the neces- sity for the sacred observance of this prin-ciple, and to raise its voice,  in. condemna-tion of the legislation which has arisen, and is to arise, in violation of that prin-ciple, and to point out its attendant evils, their origin and result. THE league has asked this question of these candidates and of the press,Šlet it make a candid reply to its own query. Will the league freely accept the full gospel of the separation of Church and State ? If the league holds that the " principle of the separation of Church and State must be sacredly observed by the National and State Governments," it holds, with the SENTINEL, that the na-tional Government did an unconstitutional and a suicidal act when it interfered, and dogmatized, in a religious question, and in obedience to the demand of religionists legislated to secure the observance of a religious and ecclesiastical requirement at the World's Fair. Did the league oppose this ? or will it speak in condemnation of itt now ? At the great Methodist Confer-ence, in Omaha, what did the general secretary of the league say in opposition to the resolutions purporting to commit the entire denomination to a request to Congress to pass an unconstitutional and irreligious act ? Did he say that the prin-ciples of the league, of which he was secretary, required him to plead for the sacred observance by the national Gov-ernment of the principle of the separation of Church and State, and, that that would necessitate that he should ask Congress, for himself and his organization, that it avoid all assumption of authority in a religious matter ? Did the secretary say this, or did he, then and elsewhere, uphold and vote for the resolutions asking for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair by act of Congress ? Did the league agree with him in that course ? If it did not, why is he still its secretary ? If it did, how can such a contradiction of its own publicly expressed principles be explained ? Will the league say directly, as it has by implication, that its purpose is to secure the separation of Church and State and the union of Church and State,Šthat its purpose is to oppose the interference of Congress in religion, and to advocate the passage of religious legislation by Con-gress ? That is what it has done and is 