40 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 30, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTLNEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able mile to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Christian Nat'ton criticises the SENTINEL for maintaining that " govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed," and makes an extended argument to prove that this is not true. We know that it is not true according to the National Reform relig-ious-legislation theory; but it is true according to the American theory, and the American theory is true according to the Word of God. THE American Sabbath Union prints the following inquiry :Š Is it not time to start a righteous crusade, under the laws of God and of man, in abolition of this ruinous system of [Sunday] bondage? Oh, certainly it is ! Let the crusade be started at once. Let this cruel bondage be abolished. And in order that this may be accomplished swiftly and certainly, we Ł suggest that the American Sabbath Union change its name to the American Abolition Union. Let slavery be abolished, say we, forever! December 29th, Mr. Crafts, of the Amer- ican Sabbath Union, delivered an address at Association Hall, 86th Street, New York City. In that address he said :Š The national Lay Congress of Roman Catholics after correspondence and conference with the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, passed its famous resolution in favor of co-operation with Protestants in Sabbath reform of which the following is a full and correct copy: " There are many Christian issues in which Catholics could come together with non-Catholics and shape civil legislatian for the public weal. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overlooking zeal-otry, we should seek alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance. Without going over to the Judeaic Sabbath, we can bring the masses over to the moderation of the Christian Sunday. To effect this, we must set our faces sternly against the . sale of intoxicating beverages on Sunday. The corrupting influences of saloons in politics, the crime and pauperism from excessive drinking, re-quire legislative restriction which we can aid in procuring by joining our influence with that of the other enemies of intemperance. Let us resolve that drunkenness shall be made odious, and give practi-cal encouragement 'and support to Catholic temper-ance societies. We favor the passage and enforce-ment of laws rigidly closing saloons on Sunday and forbidding the sale of liquors to minors and intoxi-cated persons." Upon this Mr. Crafts remarks :Š This does not mean that the millenium is to be built, in a day. This is only a proposal of court-ship, and the parties thus far have approached each other shyly. When courtship has gotten so far along as the proposal, marriage is' not far off,  especially where the parties are so coy as is this species of Protestantism. And when this marriage between Protestantism and Catholicism is accomplished, what will become of the Protestant portion of the union? What kind of Protestantism is that, anyhow, which so willingly, or rather anxiously, carries on a courtship with Roman Catholics to the extent of re-ceiving a proposal of marriage ? Yes, that marriage is coming, and like every other great feature of Catholicism, it is contrary to natureŠone woman marrying another. And the fruit of it will be, as pictured in the Scripture, a hideous, nondescript monster. Let there be raised up in this land a Protestantism that will assert itself not only against Roman Catholicism as such, but also against this degenerate Protestantism that has forgotten its place and its mission in the world. The resolution "that drunkenness shall be made odious" by giving it governmental and religious sanction six days in the week, is likewise worthy of the Catholic Church. THE organ of the American Sabbath Union says that "the opposition to Senator Blair's Sunday-Rest bill, introduced in the United States Senate, December 9, and printed in the Pearl of Days, is based upon a false assumption. That bill does not assume, as it is claimed, that civil legisla-tion upon this subject appeals to the di-vine law for its support. Nothing of this kind appears in the bill." Certainly noth-. ing of the kind appears in the bill, for it has been omitted for the express purpose of disarming opposition to the measure. It is, however, not a false assumption to say that the bill is a religious measure and that the motives of its promoters are purely religious. A careful comparison of the bill as introduced in the Fiftieth Congress and as now pending in the Fifty-first Congress will convince anyone that precisely the same object is to be accom-plished by the bill as it now stands, as it was hoped to accomplish by it as originally framed. We print on another page an arti-cle from one of our exchanges which shows this so plainly that none can fail to see it. WE notice that some of our exchanges; as well as a number of our correspondents, make the mistake of confounding the Blair Educational Bill with the Educational Amendment. These are not identical by any means. The Blair Educational Bill is a measure that has been advocated by Senator Blair for several years, and has passed the Senate several times. The ob-ject of this bill is to appropriate a certain amountŠseventy millions, we think--from the surplus funds in the public treas ury to the different States of the Union according to the proportion of illiteracy. But this bill does not propose in itself to have anything to do with religion in the public schools ; it simply proposes to take  some of the surplus in the public treasury and divide it amongst the States for the States to use according to their own educa-tional systems. The Educational Amendment proposed by Senator Blair, is that which we have printed and commented upon in the SENTI-NEL. This proposes to amend the Con-stitution of the United States so that the principles of Christianity shall be taught in all the public schools in' tliie Nation. The Educational Bill would become a law, and of force, merely upon the action of Congress and the approval of the Presi-dent. The proposed Amendment would be of no force until it was approved by three-fourths of the States. We shall print soon a copy of the Blair Educational Bill that our readers may understand just what the intent of it is. We make these remarks just now, only for the purpose of correcting the mistake that some have made, of confounding the bill with the proposed amendment. Please don't do it any more. THE American Sabbath Union com-plains that, "New England is in peril from Sunday work and Sunday dissipation." How can it be otherwise under 'Sunday laws ? The effort of the Sunday-law workers is to preserve Sunday as a relig-ious day. Secular work is not in harmony with the 'religious idea of the day, there-fore, work is forbidden. When work is forbidden to those who are not religious they are compelled to be idle, dissipation is the sure outcome ; and that also is out of harmony with the religious idea of the day. As Sunday is held to be the palladium of salvation for the State; whatever State it is that has Sunday laws will always be in peril from Sunday work and Sunday dissipation. THE Elmira (N. Y.) Telegram says :Š There is no power in the Constitution of the United States' to prescribe the modes and time for the religious observance of any day in the week. The people are at liberty, without restriction, or definition of duty, to worship God in their own way, according to the dictates of their own con-science. Laws cannot be built to make a man rest when he isn't tired, or regulate the way he shall get rested when he is. THE AMERICAN. SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and reliiious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL 43 BOND STREET, Ngw YORK, 