244 gl&NTINVAL., Vol.,. 10, No. 31. AIL men who made the law, for I respect them; I have nothing against any of them. His honor that sits upon the bench is a gentleman, and I respect him as such. The Bible says to love your enemies, and them that persecute you, and I am so glad that I love the men who have had me indicted. I call this religious persecution, though you may call it what you please. The reason why I call this religious persecution, is because I have been a citizen of this county for several years, and even lived here in Dayton and worked for the Dayton Coal and Iron Com-pany on Sunday, since I was an Adventist; and went to and fro through the town with my working clothes on, and never was inter-fered with, molested, or bothered. But as soon as I left this place and moved to Grays-ville, and there began to exercise my God-given privilege, quietly and peaceably, why then. I am charged with violation of the law. But, gentlemen of the jury, look well to the law and see whether it is a good one. Now I leave the case with you to decide. I can only say with the apostles, "We ought to obey God rather than men." The case is with you; do just as you will with it, but remember that you will have to meet your decision in the Judgment. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND PUBLIC INSTITU- TIONS. THE superintendent of the House of Refuge, at St. Louis, recently forbade Roman Catholic priests to celebrate " mass" in the institution for the supposed benefit of Roman Catholic children incarcerated therein. The board of managers, at a recent meeting, decided against the superintendent, after considering numer-ous communications and resolutions from the parties interested. Chief among these were two statements, one from a committee of Ro-man Catholics and the other from a committee of Lutheran clergymen. The Catholic presentation of the case, as published in the St. Louis Republic, of June 25, is as follows:Š To the Honorable Board of Managers of the House of RefugeŠ In accordance with the suggestion of the honorable acting mayor at the last meeting of this board, on June 20, 1895, we respectfully beg leave to submit the following argument prepared by Mr. Paul Bakewell, as representing our views:Š The House of Refuge, situated in the city of St. Louis, and maintained by the city government, is an institution in which minors are confined who have committed some crime, or who, without having com-mitted any crime whatever, are placed there for safe keeping, either because they have no parents or guar-dians, or because their parents or guardians are not fit to have charge of them, and, therefore, in order to protect them, and at the same time prevent their being a nuisance to the community, they are temporarily placed in this institution. For more than fifteen years past it has been the practice of the ministers of various denominations to hold services at this institution for the benefit of the inmates. For more than fifteen years past the Cath-olic priest has regularly attended every Sunday morn-ing to say mass, and it has also been the practice, for more than fifteen years past, for a Catholic priest to have an opportunity of seeing such of th8 inmates as are Catholics, in order to hear their confessions, this being usually done on Saturday evenings, in order that such inmates may receive holy communion, at mass, on the following Sunday morning. The sacraments of confession and holy communion are, in accordance with the Roman Catholic faith, es-sential to the welfare of souls, and, under the law of the Roman Catholic Church, every Catholic is obliged to go to confession and receive holy communion at least once a year and during Easter term. More- over, it is obligatory upon Catholics, under the law of the Roman Catholic Church, to go to mass every Sunday. The Catholic priest, or priests, who has, or have, attended the inmates of the House of Refuge, have always done so without any expense or charge what-ever to the institution, offering their services in the matter of the spiritual welfare of the inmates desir-ing to attend these services free of any charge what-ever. Furthermore, only those who are Catholics, or who care to attend the Catholic services of their own free will, are expected to attend these Catholic services. . This condition of things, which has existed for more than fifteen years, and is in strict harmony with the constitutional right of citizens and the spirit of the law established in this country, has been suddenly brought to an end by one named Bristol, who is now in charge of this institution, and who has, we are in- formed, absolutely refused to permit a Catholic priest to enter the institution to administer spiritual conso-lation to any of its inmates who may desire to see the priest, and absolutely refuses to allow the Catholic priests to hear the confessions of the inmates, or to celebrate mass in the institution, for the benefit of such of the inmates as may desire to attend such ser-vices of the Roman Catholic Church. We believe that this is in violation of the constitu-tional right of the citizen, and is also contrary to the policy of our laws, and is nothing more than an arbi-trary attempt on the part of the one in charge of this institution to deprive its inmatesŠor, at least, such of its inmates as are CatholicsŠof the moral and spirit-ual benefits which such inmates conscientiously believe are necessary to their moral and spiritual wel-fare. [Then follow quotations regarding religious liberty from the Constitution of the United States, the con-stitution of the State of Missouri, " cooley's Constitu-tional Limitations," pages 578, 579 and 580, and "Bishop on Criminal Law," Section 499.] If, the argument continues, it is the policy of the law, as above set forth, "to avoid with care any compulsion which infringes on the religious scruples of any, however little reason may seem to others to underlie them," it would seem that those in authority over the keeper of the House of Refuge in carrying out the policy of the law will see at once that the action of the present keeper of the House of Refuge is, by compulsion, to infringe on the religious scruples of those in that institution who are Catholics and whose duty it is to receive the sacraments offered to them by their church and to attend upon the services offered to them by their church, when those services are of-fered to them as a gratuity, without any expense whatsoever to the House of Refuge or to the govern-ment maintaining it. We respectfully submit, therefore, that the action of the present keeper of the House of -Refuge cannot be permitted to stand, as it is manifestly contrary to the spirit of our laws and contrary to the constitu-tional guarantees, and is manifestly calculated to the demoralization of those inmates of the institution who are Catholics and who are deprived of their religious privileges, freely offered to them by the ministers of their church. Furthermore, it is a direct discrimina-tion against the Roman Catholic religion, to the mani-fest moral hurt of the Roman Catholic inmates of that institution. The position taken by the Lutheran minis-ters, as reported in the same paper, is as fol-lows:- 1. We hold that the freedom of religion and the exercise thereof vouchsafed to the inhabitants of our country and the citizens of this State does not include the right of public worship in public institutions of the State, or on premises not the property of the indi-vidual or individuals, or society, exercising such pub-lic worship, and we therefore maintain that no person or society can base upon the right of religious freedom legal claims to the right of conducting divine worship in the House of Refuge or in any public institution in the city of St. Louis. 2. We hold that the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States has no legal bearing upon the question at issue, since it merely provides  that Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the exercise thereof, while it leaves the hands of State legislatures, city councils and boards of managers free to control the affairs to them intrusted according to the will of the people and to the laws and ordinances of the States and municipalities under which they perform their official duties. 3. We hold that, since, according to the constitu-tion of the State of Missouri, " no preference shall be given to, nor any discrimination made against any church, sect, or creed of religion, or a form of reli-gious faith or worship, it would be at variance with the letter and spirit of the constitution of the State if any church or religious denomination were allowed to carry on divine worship in any of our public in- stitutions to an extent, or in a measure, not granted to all churches or denominations requesting like priv-ileges. 4. We hold that the inmates of penal institutions are no more entitled to religious ministration from without on the plea of religious liberty than they are entitled to the enjoyment of conjugal rights and the performance of parental duties on the plea of being in conscience bound to perform such duties and vindi-cate such rights. 5. We hold that imprisonment for crime is not an interference with the rights of conscience, though such imprisonment preclude the exercise of religion accord-ing to the religious conviction of the prisoner, since, if it were, imprisonment would be illegal and uncon-stitutional, if executed upon an orthodox Jew or min-ister of the gospel, precluding the observance of the Mosaic law in the former and the performance of his ministerial duties in the latter. 6. We hold that it is in no wise or measure the duty of the State or of State officials to provide reli-gious ministration by way , of keeping or vacating apartments in State institutions for such purposes; and that no inmate of a penal or other State institu-tion can claim at the hands of theŁState what the State has not to give, religion being, according to American institutions, an affair not of the State, but of the church. 7. We hold that,-while it is not an encroachment upon the freedom of conscience to treat a prisoner as a prisoner, it is an infringement upon religious liberty to afford opportunity for the propagation of religious doctrines and practices upon the premises and among the inmates of a public institution, against the protest of taxpayers, whose conscience and religious convic. tions will not permit them to contribute toward the furtherance of doctrines and practices which they deem erroneous and endangering man's temporal and eternal welfare. 8. We hold that every opportunity for religious proselyting should be most carefully guarded against in public institutions in general, and in penal institu-tions of minors especially. 9. We hold that in view of all the principles laid down in the preceding paragraphs the authorities in charge of public institutions should grant permission for religious exercise in such institutions only in a measure and manner conceded by the unanimous con-sent of the citizens within the limits of the constitu-tion and statutes of the State and the ordinances of the municipality. 10. We hold the minister of religion may be con-sistently permitted to bestow religious instruction and private ministration upon such inmates of public in-stitutions, as may be members or adherents of their respective churches or have expressed a desire for such ministration, with the exclusion, however, of exercises partaking of the character of public worship with the distinctive paraphernalia of any particular church or denomination. Both of these statements contain good points, and the decision of the board to admit Catholic priests will be commended by unprejudiced defenders of religious liberty. Justice, in the first place, demands the maintenance of rigid equality among the several denominations ask-ing admission to the institution; and second, that the supposed services rendered the in-mates be given without charge to the taxpay-ers, to such as desire them. If a public service is allowed the Protestant, then a public service should be allowed the Roman Catholic, and 