362 - VoL. 8, No. 46. children, were swept away, one trouble succeeding another its in a moment. It is God. that shields his creatures and hedges them in from the power of the destroyer,.Ł  But the Christian world have shown contempt for the law. of Jehovah; and the Lord will do just what he has declared that he would, he will withdraw his blessing from the earth, and remove his protecting care from those who are rebelling against his law, and teaching and forcing others to do the same. Satan has control of all whom God does not especially guard. . . . While appearing to the children of men as, a great physician who can heal all their maladies, he will bring disease and disaster, until populous cities are reduced to ruin and desolation. Even now he is at work. In accidents and calamities by sea and by land, in great conflagrations, in fierce tornadoes and terrific hailstorms, in tempests, floods, cy-clones, tidal waves and earthquakes, in every place and in a thousand forms, Satan is exercising his power. He sweeps away the ripening harvest, and famine and distress follow. He imparts to the air a deadly taint, and thousands perish by the pesti-lence. These visitations are to become more and more frequent and disastrous ; destruction will be upon both man and beast. "The earth mourneth and fadeth away," "the haughty people . . - do languish. The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof ; because they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the ever-lasting covenant." All these things the Pharisees of the latter days will claim, as they even do already, to be the visitations of God because of the refusal of those who are indeed his servants, and keep this law, to join them in the observance of the changed ordinance and the breaking of the ever- lasting covenant. W. H. M. The State of Maryland vs. the Fourth Commandment. THE Circuit Court of Queen Anne's County, Maryland, has decided, Judges Robinson, Wickes, and Stump on the bench, that whether or no the fourth com-mandment says that the seventh day is the Sabbath and must be remembered, nevertheless the laws of Maryland affirm that the first day is the Lord's day, and must be observed as the Sabbath. As an object lesson for the enforcement of this, Isaac Baker, Geo. W. Marvel, and Milton A. Bryan, Seventh-day Adventists and conscientious Christian men, have received the sentence of, " Five dollars and costs with confinement in the county jail till the amount is paid," and are to-day within the walls and bars of Centreville jail. The offense of Isaac Baker was plowing in his field; that of George Mar-vel, supposably setting outtoraato plants, as he was seen in his garden making mo-tions such as one might at that work, and the complaining witness, on going there, found newly-set plants. In this case Sam-uel Marvel, the son of the defendant, was both the prosecuting witness and the con-stable who made the arrest. In the third case, that of Milton Bryan, the witnesses saw him at a distance doing what they " took to be " cutting up bushes ; they came nearer while he also approached them, and in plain sight, at his woodpile, chopped some firewood, then taking up a shovel threw something together into a heap in his garden. For such causes, which were offenses against no man, these three men, with families dependent upon their daily labor, are deprived of their liberty. Besides these three there were four other similar cases to come before the court at the same time, but, in the case of Charles 0. Ford, his brothers, who were the com-plaining witnesses, had, without the knowl-edge of the defendant, paid the fine and costs imposed in the lower court, and thus secured tiaQ removal of the case from the  docket. Alexander Dodd was acquitted of one case, and in a second, the cases of himself and Joseph Warram were dis-missed because of a fatal variance between Ł the papers, sent up by the justice in the court below, and the facts. Although out of the seven trials that were expected to be had there were but three convictions, yet from the demeanor of the court and the temper shown by all concerned in the prosecutions, it is evident that while the present spirit continues no Seventh-day Adventist can expect to es-cape. It should be mentioned that as the cases came before the court on Friday, Nov. 10, and but two of the four tried were finished that day, the remainder were postponed until Monday, Nov. 13. It did not appear whether this was due to the respect of the court for the defendants' observance of the seventh day, or from consideration to the request of the defend-ants' attorney, Mr. James T. Ringgold, of Baltimore, who exhausted in their defense every device of the skilful lawyer applica-ble to the situation, and made also in their behalf the appeal of an' earnest advocate. Each case was tried before a jury, and to them, and the court Mr. Ringgold made, among others, the point that Sunday was not the Sabbath and no observance was due it other than a civil observance, and that, as such was also all that the law of Maryland, or any civil law, could consti-tutionally and properly enforce, therefore, as the defendants had injured or disturbed no man, nor broken the public peace, they had not committed any crime known to the laws of Maryland, and were improp-erly held. But neither judges nor jury seemed to show any intention of secular-izing the Maryland Sunday law by putting upon it any such profane construction as that; they therefore held these consistent Bible Christians to be guilty of profana-tion of the Sabbath on account of bodily labor done on Sunday, and committed them to jail. This matter will be heard from further. W. H. M. South African Correspondence. IN former communications to the SEN-TINEL I referred to the agitation in the Colonial Parliament for laws concerning the observance of Sunday, and also men-tioned some facts regarding the Sunday law already in existence. Parliament has since adjourned without touching the matter. Numerous petitions were pre-sented, principally by the Dutch Reformed Church, praying for a more puritanical observance of Sunday. The petitioners did not so much ask for more rigorous laws, as for the enforcement of those that are now on the statute books. It is diffi-cult to conceive how they could get a law that would .be much more strict than the one now in existence' (or that they consider in existence, but which is really repealed, as shown in a former letter). But the time of the general election be-ing at hand, the members of the honorable body were rather timid in taking hold of the matter. They all wanted to " come back again." and as public opinion was divided on the question, they were fearful that they would be found on the wrong side to please their constituents, who would, in consequence thereof, " knife them at the polls." To antagonize the measure would be to array 'themselves against the so-called religious part of their  constituency, some of whom had already expressed themselves in resolutions. At a recent meeting of the Presbyterian Con-ference, held in Swellendam, Cape Colony, a committee appointed to consider the mat-ter of Sunday observance, reported as follows :Š This assembly feels called upon to request the moderator of the church to prepare forms of peti-tions to Parliament, to be sent to their congrega-tions for signature; and declares that the time has arrived when they, as ministers and elders, are called upon to use their influence at elections to send to Parliament, men who will oppose Sabbath desecration. As they did not think it " wise states-manship " to oppose, the matter was passed over for the time being. The above resolution is similar to one that was passed by some religious bigots in Amer-ica, as follows:Š Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time hence-forth, refuse to vote for, or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid for the World's Fair, except on the conditions named in these resolutions (that the Fair be closed on Sunday); It is easily seen that the motive power behind both of these resolutions is the same. It is that august personage, known as a deceiver, and in fable representations, said to have cloven feet. All the agitation here concerning Sun-day laws is made by the clergy, which shows at once that Sunday legislation is religious, and that it is religious bigotry clamoring for the power to force the con-science, and compel the minority to wor-ship according to the consciences of the majority. A meeting of the Evangelical Alliance was held not long since in Cape Town. The object of the meeting was to urge on Parliament the necessity of more stringent laws for the observance of Sun-day. All ministers and church officers in the city and suburbs were invited to be present. During the discussion, one gen-tleman, a clergyman, who was present, ventured to suggest that all were not agreed as to which day was the Sabbath, that the measures, if carried out, would conflict with those who observed another day, and asked if it would not lead to per-secution for conscience' sake. He was asked by the chairman, if he was not a Seventh-day Adventist. On replying in the affirmative, he was summarily in-formed by the presiding officer that he must keep quiet, as no one would be heard except those who were in favor of the movement. This displays the despotism in all movements in favor of compulsory Sunday laws. Those who oppose the making of the laws are stigmatized as "law-breakers," " anarchists, ' etc., and are proscribed as among the off-scourings of the earth. When once the laws are secured, they are then made to feel the vengeance of a bigoted majority. In Russia they are sent to the barren wastes of Siberia, in the United States they are sent to prison and worked in the chain gang with brutalized criminals, and here in this colony they have a law which con-fiscates all the offender's property to the benefit of the State. The strangest of all is that the United States should engage in such a wicked work. The eyes of the world are turned to the United States, and as they see her engaged in such an unholy business they wonder. Not long since at a meeting where the writer and some others were talking in reference to the work of persecution now commenced in America, 