116 A.IVIMELICA.N 1-3;RNMINIbiN11_1., VOL. 8, No. 15. Episcopalian rage, than they themselves com-menced orthodox, and set up their own formula as the standard of religion, to which they required as implicit submission from others as the good bishops of England had ere while done for them-selves; and now the poor antipedo-Baptists and Quakers were taught, that a mittimus is a mitti-mus whether it is signed by a papist, an Episco-palian or a Presbyterian, and that sentence of death is to be dreaded as much from the mouth of the latter as of the former. Those same dissent-ers who had so lately found Old England too hot for themselTes, by the glowings of priestly zeal for orthodoxy, soon made New England too hot for the poor Quakers and antipedo-Baptists ; who, to escape the rage for presbytery, fled, the one to Pennsylvania and the other to Rhode Island, that they might not be compelled to worship God ac-cording to other people's consciences and contrary to their own. Another century has gone, and we see unmistakable indications that many of the children of those who fled from the Puritan persecutors of New England have now fallen away from the principles which their fathers championed, and are joining those who are working in the old way for present-day " orthodoxy." Of such as these, Edmund Burke once ut-tered, in the House of Commons, the scathing words:Š It is not the proud prelate thundering in his commission court, but a pack of manumitted slaves with the lash of the beadle flagrant on their backs, and their legs still galled with their fetters, that would drive their brethren into that prison house from which they have just been permitted to es-cape. So the old order of things goes on and on, because the great majority of men choose to remain the slaves of human nature, rather than to lay hold of that new life, the fruit of which is "Jove, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, good- ness, faith." W. A. SPICER. Their Side Well Stated. [The following letter was first sent to the Post-Intelligencer, of Paris, Tenn., where the late arrests and trials of Seventh-day Adventists for Sunday work have taken place. The letter is written by a member of the church at Springville which has sustained the persecution. It is a fair and earnest statement of their case ;Šref used admission into their own county paper, it is given space here.] To the Editor of the Post-Intelligencer: As a consequence of the trials of the Seventh-day Adventists in the last term of the Circuit Court, considerable inter-est has been awakened in the public mind, much more it seems than by any previous trials of similar nature. One evidence of this fact is to be seen in the interest that our county paper is taking in the matter. Not only is the public mind in our county being aroused in regard to the Sabbath question, but throughout the United States compulsory Sunday observ-ance is receiving much attention by the friends of that day; and also those who oppose the enforcement of Sunday-keep-ing by the civil law are not silent. But there are some facts connected with the indictment and prosecution of out people that are worthy of very careful thought. When a class of people or a person is misrepresented, as a natural result human nature demands a defense; such is the case in this matter. Now, that we are misrepresented (though possibly unintentionally), by those who might be regarded as our enemies, is apparent to any one who knows anything about the true character and principles of Seventh-day Adventists. We have no spirit of animosity toward those who would place wrong estimations upon our character and organizations; but please permit a  few reasonable facts to be presented. We have rights and it becomes us to assert them when invaded. The constitution of Tennessee, Art. 1, under the title of "Bill of Rights," declares thus:Š Section 3. All men have a natural and inde-feasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience. . . . That no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of con-science, and that no preference shall be given to any religious establishment or mode of worship. As we contemplate this provision of the fundamental law of Tennessee, we can but admire the correct principles of jus-tice it contains. A more profound and explicit guarantee of religious liberty could not have been framed by any legis-lative body. What kind of liberty is here brought to view ? Is it sectarian liberty only ? Why no! It guarantees every man perfect liberty of conscience and denies the right of human authority to interfere with that liberty. Now, if this plain declaration was thoroughly inculcated upon the minds of all the people of our country, intolerance and bigotry would forever be smitten out of existence. This was the mind of the framers of both our State and national constitutions. Now, Mr. Editor, and readers of the Intelli-gencer, when a few conscientious Seventh-day Adventists down here in the twenty-fourth district, who observe and keep holy the seventh day of the week, and quietly go about their vocations on Sun-day, are indicted by the Grand Jury, tried, fined, imprisoned and worked in the chain-gang, is it not plain that the constitution has been overridden ? We are conscientious in our practice and in our belief, and while we submit to any penalty inflicted upon us because we do not meet the requirements of the Sunday law, we deny being a lawless set of peo-ple. Under the constitution we are strictly obedient. The public was informed in the Post-Intelligencer, of February 17, that the National Religious Liberty Association is seeking to abolish all legislation having for its object the protection of the morals of the people; and to destroy the sanctity of the Sunday Sabbath. We, (the mem-bers of the Seventh-day Adventist Church at Springville), compose a part of this organization, and are quite well ac-quainted with the principles taught by it. The former accusation we deny; for the latter, it would be impossible, for there is no more sanctity about Sunday than there is about any other day. And that this association is backed by infidels, haters of God and morality, and that it tends in the least degree to anarchism (as we are told by the Intelligencer) is absolutely a mis-representation. Every man has a right to keep Sunday if he chooses, but we deny the right of any one to compel us to keep it, for it is the duty of the Government to protect all, and coerce none in such mat-ters. We ask our honorable critics if it invades their rights to protect ours ? Cer-tainly not; no one has ever testified to that. And again we ask, where do you get your authority for Sunday-keeping ? Is it from the word of God ? We are unable to find it there if it is. Then we are forced to the conclusion that it is a man-made institution. And we claim a con-stitutional and a divine right to dissent from it if we choose. If it were a divine institution, would Divinity need the as-sistance of an earthly court in order that it might be kept holy ? Can the civil power make a person keep a day in the  way that the Lord commanded ? The answer is bound to be in the negative. Even though the civil power could com-pel a man to refrain from work on that day, it could not make him keep it holy. But it is urged by some that so far as the law is concerned Sunday is a civil institution. Is it not, however, a foolish and unheard of thing to insist that any one should be compelled to keep a civil holiday ? The general trend of the argu-ments presented to the public vindicating the observance of Sunday, and compul-sory observance at that, are based on the idea that Sunday is a sacred institution. If this be true what right has any civil authority to meddle with it ? Those things that are solely between the individual and God as this Sabbath question is, are be-yond the jurisdiction of civil government. In the Intelligencer of February 10, we find these words : " There is certainly no disposition on the part of our citizens to persecute the Adventists. All we want is obedience to the law." At the first thought this might seem like a very rea-sonable statement. Suffice it to say that had the law never been disregarded, no class of people on earth would have ever suffered persecution. This was all that was demanded during the Dark Ages. This is all that was demanded in New England when the Quakers and Baptists were persecuted. Even when Jesus Christ himself was persecuted to death, the plea of the Jews was, " We have a law and by our law he ought to die." John 19 : 7. We read further in the same article in the Intelligencer: "If the law is wrong, direct your efforts to its repeal, Until this is done, it is the duty of every good citizen to obey." Then, according to this statement, the early Christians instead of promulgating the religion of Jesus Christ, should have been working for the repeal of the laws which conflicted with their religious belief; and until they succeeded, it was their duty to obey. Any one can see the fallacy of such arguments as these to sustain Sunday laws. Now, friends, if there is any authority in the Bible for Sunday sacredness, we would be glad to see it; and if you will show it to us we will appreciate it and promise you that we will repudiate our system of rest and devotion and beg pardon for disregarding the Sunday law, and will return and keep Sunday. T. E. WARD. Springville, Tenn. The W. C. T. U. and the Sunday Laws. THE agitation of the Sunday laws be-fore the Pennsylvania legislature is bear-ing fruit already in that State, as is shown by this special correspondence of the Pittsburg Leader:Š The quiet and staid borough of New Brighton is to have an infliction of the Blue Laws. Since the action of the court in refusing to grant a number of coveted licenses, there has been considerable dissatisfaction. The work is to be pushed by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and there promises to be a wailing and gnashing of teeth. A reporter called upon Mrs. Tag-gart, superintendent of that organization in the north ward. Mrs. Taggart is an elderly lady, intellectual, of prepossessing appearance, and has the air of being thoroughly in ear-nest in whatever work she takes up. When asked if it was true that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union intended to stop the il-legal sale of merchandise on Sunday, the reply came, with emphasis on each word : " We intend to do all that we can." When asked, "Has any action yet been taken." she replied, " No action has been taken by the organization of which I am superintendent. There is another organization in 