474 AMERICAN SENTEN _PAL. News, Notes, and Comment. THE English and American attorney has always been notorious for his conservatism. The profession is not equally conspicuous for this quality, in France. Perhaps the difference may be partly accounted for by the fact that the French lawyer relies mainly on his appeal to ab-stract considerations, on reasons pure and simple to es-tablish his case, whereas the advocate in the United States and Great Britain produces his "authorities" and brings to bear the force of history, so to speak. "It is a maxim of these fellows," said a wit of years gone by, "that what-ever has been done before may be done again; this they call a respect for precedent." Constant appeals to prece-dent naturally imbue the mind with attachment to the past, and create mistrust and dislike of innovations. WHATEVER the cause, the lawyer with us is the most conservative of men. "The thing as it is" suits his fancy, especially if it be a thing whose roots he can trace back into the hoary past, and whose growth he can mark through the rolling centuries. He receives, without ap-preciating, the suggestion that the thing as it is became so only by progress, by change, by cutting off part of this branch, by training those other limbs in a certain direction. Now, conservatism is an excellent good thing in its way. And its way is that of a brake on the wheels of progress. To be always moving, yet to move with care and caution; to make haste slowly; to test by theory and practical experiment all suggested alterations in our modes of governing and of administrationŠthis is the necessary condition of a healthy social organism. Vio-lent and radical departures from the established state of things are justly to be deprecated; but decay soon attacks any system which has not the vitality that proves all things, and holds fast that which is good. THE antiquated and cumbrous phraseology of law-papers has been the theme of satire for laymen, but it has ever had a mysterious charm for the Bar; old customs are followed centuries after they originated, and after all the conditions that gave rise to them, and, in some man-ner, perhaps, justified their adoption, have passed away never to return. Principles are still gravely laid down in law-books which philosophy has long since abandoned as untenable; even fallacies of definition are clung to by law-writers for no other apparent reason than because they were once enunciated, by some eminent man, who wrote in the infancy of human intelligence, or under the fatal paralysis of personal interest or ambition. No one has been more servilely followed in this regard  than Mr. Justice Blackstone. The "hold" which his fa-mous "Commentaries" have maintained on the legal mind is one of the most curious phenomena of psychol-ogy that have ever come under my observation. It is,  nottoo much to say that later authors, as a rule, ap-proach this learned jurist with the awe of a neophyte at the shrine of some great god of old. The odor of sanc-tity exhales from the inspired pages, the words of Infal-libility are received with beaded knee direct from the throne. THE work of Mr. Justice Blackstone consists of law, history and philosophy. His law is obsolete, his history imperfect and misleading, his philosophy exploded. His English is excellent I admit, but his servility is disgust-ing, and he does not know the meaning of manliness or candor. Even when he seems able to "think straight, and see clear," he darkens his wisdom with the clouds of flattery, and "crooks the pregnant hinges of the knee where thrift may follow fawning." THE law with which Mr. Justice Blackstone had to deal was made by that same Parliament and King to whom Mr. Justice Blackstone was indebted for his official position. Of that law and of its makers the Justice was bound to speak with admiration, with 'reverence, with love, under the penalty of losing his salary. He dis-charged his talk with conspicuous skill; and, in so doing, he inoculated the fountain of our jurisprudence with a poison that contaminates it to this day, and will perhaps never be thoroughly eradicated. "LAw," says Mr. Justice BlackstoneŠmeaning by "law" the creation of the power that created him a Jus-ticeŠis a rule of civil conduct prescribing what is right and prohibiting what is wrong." And my conservative profession has gone on, repeating this dictum, poll-par-rot-wise, ever since. I have just found it in a recently issued text-book, the writer whereof shows in more than one passage that he knew better, and that he transcribed this nonsense to the bewilderment and deception of com-ing generations, for no other reason than because Mr. Justice Blackstone had written it. OF course, in the eyes of the latter, the government could do no wrong. It followed that the law of that gov-ernment in the mass, and in every detail, was perfect, and that whatever it required was right, and whatever it for-bade was the reverse. In fact, the distinction between right and wrong was itself the work of that law. A thing was right for no other reason than because the law com-manded it, a thing was wrong for no other reason than because it was prohibited by law. "Government is based 