270 AMERICAN SENTINEL. +Gralbs of tie Morniiv++ A NEW BOOK full of Truth for the Times. Sew ReportA    "Took fifteen orders here to-day for Heralds of the Morning,' five plain and ten gilt." "Began work here to-day for 'Heralds of the Morning.' Have taken $80 worth of orders thus far." "Took seventeen orders for 'Heralds' yester-day, and twenty-five orders the day be-fore. Also took orders for 'Heralds' from every family in Hackberry." "From 10 a. in. till 8 p. m. I made fifteen canvasses (working in the country), and took ten orders for 'Heralds of the Morning,' eight of which were for best binding.' (This was the first work of the above agent on this book.ŠPublishers) "Still the outlook is more and more cheering for 'Heralds of the Morning,' if diligent effort is put forth. Eighteen orders or about $25 worth here in on .e full day's work." "As it was in the days of Noah."    '-One Ł Hundred . and . Sixteen Ł Nice Ł Illustrations.- PRICE, Cloth, in Plain Edges, - $1.25. 44 46 Gilt 44 - 1.5O. For terms, territory, and other information, address the publishers, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., KANSAS CITY, mo. 39 Bond Street, New York. OAKLAND, CAL. " The Children LoVe that Book," IS WHAT A CAREFUL MOTHER. SAID ABOUT Desire of Ages. WHAT! Is it possible that a book with nearly 900 pages, full of the story of the sayings and doings of Jesus while here on the earth, can be of that simple char-acter as to be interesting to children from six to twelve years old, and at the same time contain such wonderful revelations of divine truth as to inspire in men and women of deep Christian experience a love for the book surpassed by none except that for the Bible itself? Yes; this is true as many can testify. The mechanical construction of the book is an achievement of rare merit. More than 300 excellent pic-tures illustrating as many salient points, and trite say-ings of the Master, embellish the work. It is bound in four styles, at prices ranging from $3.50 to $7.00. For further information address the publishers. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Oakland, Cal. 39 Bond St., New York City. Kansas City Mo. ALMOST A MAN.-1111W" A frank talk to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad con-cerning himself, purely, yet with scientific accuracy. "Unique and valuable."ŠFrances E. Willard. "I am delighted with it."ŠKatherine Lente Stevenson, Chicago. " I find it invaluable in ,my work among students."ŠMargaret Hamilton, Shaw University, Raleigh, N. C. "Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading 'Almost a Man,"Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher.' "ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Price, postpaid, - 25 cents. Postage stamps accepted. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 