106 AMERICAN SENTINEL. OF the scope of the movement, it is said that "Every barber-shop, cigar store, bath-house, hotel, restaurant, and newspaper office in the city will be forced to suspend, as all come under the ban of the Sunday state law. Street cars will not be permitted to run, and some of the saloon men insist that all those ministers of the gospel who preach for pay are amenable to the provisions of the law and should be arrested; but some of the saloon men are in favor of exempting the ministers in return for the aid the preachers will give in keeping others from violating the Sunday law." Loving Your Neighbor. CHRISTIANITY AS IT IS PRACTISED IN THIS "CHRISTIAN NATION.' "New York Journal," Jan. 30, 1899. HERE is a story that was in the newspapers yester-day for you to read: A woman named Kate Brasch, who lives at No. 420 East Sixteenth Street, was arrested with a child in her arms for begging on the street. Her husband, she said, was a gardener. They had four chil-dren. When she was arraigned in the Jefferson Market PoŁ lice -Court on SundayŠyou were probably in church at the timeŠthe agent of the Children's Society, who had arrested her, begged the magistrate to discharge her. He said that be had visited the home of the Brasches and found it scrupulously clean, but almost bare of fur-niture. Every article of value had been pawned to keep the family alive during the months that the father had been vainly looking for work. The father and the three children were sitting around a bare table when the agent entered. All there was to divide among the four was half a loaf of stale bread and some water." It is at least some satisfaction to add that the wo-man was discharged, and that the policemen and lawyers in the court room made up a purse for her. Let us now consider another item of the day's news. The Evangelical Free Churches of Great Britain, after many months of work, have compiled a new catechism. This catechism was published in this country yesterday for the first time. In glancing over it we find Articles 6 and 8 to read thus:Š "6. Q. What is sin? "A. Sin is any thought or feeling, word or act, which either is contrary to God's holy law or falls short of what it requires. "7. Q. Say, in brief, what God's law requires. "A. That we should love God with our whole heart, and our neighbor as ourselves." New York professes to be a Christian city. The sug_ gestion that the millions of human beings who live in cozy homes in this great city and pride themselves upon their Christian life are, after all, only sinners, would make Gem stare and gasp. Yet unless you challenge the  above definition of Christian law or prove that the story of the begging woman is untrue, how can you deny those two facts? "Love our neighbors as ourselves!" Man alive, have you and your children ever fed on stale bread and water? Or would you lie snugly in bed if you knew that your children, who are virtually a part of yourself, were waiting for their mother to bring home the fruits of beg-ging? "Oh, well," we hear you say, "if I had been in court I would have contributed liberally to that purse. In any event, now that the case has been brought to my attention, I'll send those folks something." That isn't religion. It isn't even decent charity. It is that miserable makeshift known as Charity Organiza-tion Society Charity, which isn't real charity at all. You know just as well as we do how much you love yourself. If, like the Oriental adepts, you were to pro-ject your astral body to the otherŁside of the globe, and then from the distance saw your real body surrounded ' by your children feeding on stale bread and water be-cause you had no work, what an agony of wretchedness would seize.you! How you would yearn to rush back and wipe out that awful condition once and for all. Ah, yes. You love yourself. But how much do you love your neighbor? THE United States Government is having trouble with the Filipinos. The latter want their freedom, and evidently distrust their ability to secure this under Amer-ican rule. Why is this? There is one feature of the situation which is sufficient to account largely for the friction that exists, if indeed it is not theŁfoundation of the whole dif-ficulty. That is the respective attitudes of the Filipinos and the American Government towards the papal insti-tutions in the islands. Archbishop Ireland says the Philippine leader is jeal-ous of the authority of the priests. That may well be said of the whole Philippine people. They do not need to be told that they cannot have self-government while the authority of the priests remains. The Filipinos want to be rid of the priests; but upon this point they have good reason to distrust the inten-tions of the United States. For in the expedition that was sent to the islands under General Merritt, to free the people from the yoke of Spain, was a Roman Catholic priestŠthe representative of that very despotism from which they most desire to be free. Is it any wonder that the Filipinos should distrust the freedom promised by a Government which sends to them such an emissary, and show a determination to resist its authorship by force of arms? There is good reason to believe that this question of freedom from the yoke of the papacy is at the bottom of the whole trouble. 