equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or cenuaBion, Feligious or colitieal,ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 4, 1892. NUMBER 5. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE clergy have no more to do with the ethics of law than any other citizens. They are employed to promulgate the par-ticular dogmas of their religious organiza-tions, and have no right to enforce their ideas of morality upon the people by legis-lative enactment. Religion is a spiritual growth.ŠColorado Graphic. RELIGION being a matter of private con-cern, something between the soul and its God, civil government organized solely for the public good, can not extend its a-gency to the administration or regulation of religion, without usurping the divine prerogative, and trampling on man's rights at the same time. No human authority can divorce a soul from his obligations to the law of Jehovah, nor properly coerce one into piety, since his reason and con-science are peculiarly his own, and must remain so, as long as he lives. Man's ob-ligations, therefore, which bind him to God, make him free in this respect, from human authority. Yet religious freedom is not freedom from all human authority, but freedom to follow the dictates of con-science without hindrance. THE United Presbyterian tells of the organization in Butler, Pennsylvania, of a " Lord's Day League," the object of which, is " to restrict Sabbath desecra-tion." In other parts of Pennsylvania the same end is sought by means of " purely civil " organizations known as. " Law and Order Leagues." The good people of But-ler will probably learn erelong that when they wish to invoke the civil law to en- force religious ordinances, the temper and prejudices of the American people demand that they shall mask their real designs under the cloak of civil order. Barnum's success as a showman is said to have been dire to the fact that Americans love to be humbugged, and whatever success attends the " civil Sabbath " movement, must be attributed to the same peculiarity of the American mind. Principle or Precedent? THE Government of the United States, upon which the State governments indi-vidually depend, and to which they look for their authority, was established upon certain fundamental principles. These were declared in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, of which the Constitution is the formal authoritative expression, de-veloped into legislative form, to be the self-evident truths of the equality of , all men in the eyes of their Maker, for he is no respecter of persons; and that all, with-out exception, are endowed by their Crea-tor with certain unalienable rights; that to secure these rights this Government was instituted, deriving its just powers from the consent of the governed,Šas fully described in the terse Saxon of that representative American, which no voter can fail to understand, " A government of the people, by the people, and for the people." It is these principles and such as these which make the "fundamental legal basis " upon which this Government is established, and upon the security of which depend the liberties and the con-sequent welfare and prosperity of the American people. The binding force of these principles has been acknowledged in the Constitution-making of every one of the forty-four States of the Union. That they are fundamental in our national polity, and constitute the safe-guard of every citizen within American bound-aries,Ševen following, him as a sort of political halo which makes him a marked man in foreign lands, is the patriotic creed of every American,Šhis sacred profession  of political faith and belief. And well it might be, for here is the gospel of equal justice to all men, without distinction, first preached on earth by Jesus Christ, and now first formulated into human law. For the first and only time in the history of the world, unadulterated civil justice and equity, without qualification, finds,  its open expression as the basis of the governmental fabric. These principles are divine. With the same even hand with which Christ himself discriminated be- tween things civil and things religious, human enactment and divine command, this distinction is made in the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and its amendments, and through them all, is as true to the line as though given by inspi-ration. These are the principles of a just government, as blessed as the gospel, for they are gospel, and as eternal as God and his justice. But co-existent with these principles in the fundamental law stands a body of statute law, having its origin in human error and dependent for its maintenance upon judicial and legal respect for its age, as a precedent which has stood in the com-mon law, since when the memory of man runneth not to the contrary, and in English Church and State statute law, since the enactment of the laws of King Athelstan and the Statute 27 Henry VI., of which Blackstone, in his chapter on " Offenses Against God and Religion," says :Š Profanation of the Lord's day, vulgarly (but im-properly) called Sabbath-breaking is a ninth offense against God and religion, punished by the muni-cipal law of England. For besides the notorious in-decency and scandal of permitting any secular business to be publicly transacted on that day, in a country professing Christianity, and the corruption of morals which usually follows its profanation, the keeping of one day in the seven holy, as a time of relaxation and refreshment as well as for public worship, is of admirable service to a State, consid-ered merely as a civil institution. It humanizes, by the help of conversation and society, the man-ners of the lower classes; which would otherwise degenerate into a sordid ferocity and savage selfish-ness; it enables the industrious workman to pursue his occupation in the ensuing week with health and cheerfulness; it imprints on the minds of the people that sense of their duty to God, so necessary 