MARCH 30, 1803. AlunnICAN gEaNTITNIMIL, 101 separate and distinct from each other. Proof : national righteousness is rewarded by national prosperity in this life, not beyond; but individual righteousness is rewarded in the life to come. A nation may be righteous though a part of the people in that nation may not be. How ? By enact-ing righteous laws ; then seeing to it that only such as will enforce those laws according to the gospel of Christ [1] are allowed to fill the offices under the government. This is necessary if we expect to hold in check the arrogance of Rome. They are organized. We must organize. They are seeking to control the NationŠso must we. We should see to it that our officers are men sound in the gospel of Christ and will execute the laws upon this basis. A few months ago Mr. Crafts was at Carthage lecturing upon his favorite theme of religious legislation. The en-thusiasm was not such as he desired, and he was soon followed by another, and this man stated publicly that others would follow on the same line. It seems that the latest turnŠwhen other methods fail Šis to hold up the grasping spirit of Rome as an inducement to all to organize and combine their power to crush themŠand thenŠtake to themselves the power which Rome sought. This, is indeed the best plan that we have seen advocated by the so-called National Reformers to ac-complish their object. Having been so repeatedly exposed in their efforts to blind the people in regard to the claims of God upon them, they now appeal to self inter-est, and thirst for power that dwells in the unregenerate heart. How civil gov-ernment can execute civil law upon the principles of the gospel of Christ (good news of salvation from sin, pardon for transgression, etc.), was not explained. Luke 17:3, 4, says : " Take heed to your-self; if thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him. And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him." Can officers of law be empowered to do this ? If so then they must have power to discern true repentance, so that the ex-ecution of law would be left optional with the judges. The man who through fear for his own life will take his life, is per-haps as reasonable as the one who through fear of the mother of harlots will consent to place himself under the care of her har-lot daughters. We believe that while all should be protected in their religious faith ŠCatholics, Protestants or othersŠit would be extremely dangerous to place the power to coerce in the hands of those who, in principle, so poorly exemplify the Golden Rule. The word of God abideth forever; and in this we are told that the kingdom of Christ is not of this world. John. 18: 36. C. SANTEE. The Puritan Sunday. THE following letter is such a strange jumble of liberal and illiberal thinking that it is an interesting study :Š I was very much interested in your editorial in to-day's Record on " Educated Crime." The prin-ciple therein stated, that " the heart must be edu-cated as well as the head, if we are to make men and women better by teaching them to read and write," is the very touchstone of all education. The doctrine that you still further declare is "that the school can do nothing to keep men out of jail. In the homes of the land, through parental train-ing, aided by the kindly and gracious teachings of the Church, we must look for the influence which makes of increased knowledge a beneficence in-stead of a curse." The capacity to do good comes from the edu-cated brain; but the inclination to do good comes from the Christian heart. This is the same truth that Christ enunciated when he taught that the Pharisee's prayer was of no avail, and declared:  " Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in nowise enter therein." The Record is an able educator of the brain, but it furnishes no teaching for the heart and con-science. On the other hand it strenuously and constantly attempts to invade the home on the Sab-bath day by publishing a Sunday issue; and its advocacy of the opening of the World's Columbian Exhibition on the Sabbath day is a persistent effort to circumvent the "kindly and gracious teachings of the Church." I am a constant reader of the week day Record; but I was deprived of the pleasure and benefit of reading therein one of the most important items of news which has transpired in this country for weeksŠthe inaugural address of President Cleve-landŠsimply because it must go in to help fill up the Sunday issue. Local self-government, tariff reform, and an honest dollar, are questions which press hard upon this Government now. The Record is able and con-sistent in the advocacy of these reforms; but the final plucking of all these fruits will turn them to apples of Sodom in your hands, if you should suc-ceed in depriving the Lord of his day. You have an evidence of all this in the very apt illustration which you bring of the Homestead affair JOHN WARD FREEMAN. Montrose, Pa., March 7. The rigidity of Sabbath observance and of Pharisaical adherence to the form rather than to the substance of the Sab-bath commandment was never so strongly rebuked as by the Master and Maker of the law. The kindly and gracious teach-ing of the Testament does away with pains and penalties, and declares the clem-ent and wise intent of the Author of the Sabbath. But does our critical correspondent think that the inaugural address should have been held over for Monday readers ? Was there anything in it to compromise the conscience of saint or sinner ? Would it have been better for the Record printers to have put it in type on Sunday for the Monday issue, rather than on Saturday for the Sunday issue ? And does our cor-respondent really think that it lies in the power of any earthly creature or sov-ereignty either to add to the sanction of the Sabbath or "to deprive the Lord of his day" ?ŠPhiladelphia Record, March 9. What Constitutes a Prohibitionist? WITH each succeeding year we witness new applications to the meaning of words, and to keep pace with the constant varia-tion of language indicated by the public mind, takes no small effort at learning and unlearning words and expressions that are subject to the caprice or will of men. The time was when temperance meant moderation, and a temperance man was one who might take occasionally a glass of strong drink, yet so long as he did not get drunk or drink to excess, he had the pleasing title of " temperance man." His neighbor who was more rig-orous in what he considered the right use of the ardent, totally abstained and got thereby the radical appellation of " tee-totaler." But such words have lost their original signification or new ones have arisen to take their place to suit the time. The "temperance man" of former days would be unable to find his location now in society under that cognomen, and the " teetotaler " of a quarter of a century ago, would find himself behind the bar tipping the decanter and dealing out de-struction with gainful zest to his fellows under the new-born name of "Prohibi-tionist " so long as he left his lucrative employment long enough to vote the Prohibition ticket. Yea, he might even himself indulge in the use of that which he formerly condemned, for, after all, it  is his vote alone that gives him his name and standing. This may seem absurd, but we have the highest authority of the Prohibition Party that this is so, namely the Voice, of New York. Be it known, therefore, to all Men that in its issue of Feb. 23, 1893, it heralded to the world the complete defini-tion of Prohibitionist in the following words :Š Question.ŠDo you think it right for a Prohibi-tionist to sell beer glasses and flasks and other bar goods to saloon-keepers, or for a clerk in a store to sell them for his employer ? Answer. ŠWhen an evil traffic becomes inter-woven in society and government, it is next to impossible for citizens to avoid all business rela-tions with it. We do not care to draw the line. We can only say that we would do our level best to make a living in some other way than by selling bar goods and saloon fixtures. But the fact that a man does that, or the fact that he even stands be-hind the bar and sells liquor does not prevent him from being a Prohibitionist. It is better for him to sell liquor and vote the Prohibition ticket than to sell liquor and not vote the Prohibition ticket. The only test of a Prohibitionist is his vote. That is to say a man may engage with intoxicants as he will; he may deal out a glass of that fiery liquid to his fellow, that would cause him to commit a crime, and then go and vote the party ticket, return, find the crime committed, and yet be hale fellow, well met, and in good and regular standing in the Prohibition Party. What next ? things are getting awfully mixed in '93. The writer thought himself a Prohibitionist, but this last drastic discharge from the Prohibition cannon lands him with too enfeebled in-tellect and crippled energies to ever again see the far receding ensign of that party. Fare thee well, thou goddess of another clime! To me once dear, but now so far removed, Thy pleasing voice shall sound no more amid the halls of time, For recreant to thy hallowed trust thou art prove d. Flown are the graces of thy hands, Thy lips' persuasion that would win the child, And in thy place a tyrant stands Clasping the hands that thou did'st call defiled. C. S. WYMAN. The Basis of Civil Law. IN a recent editorial article on Sunday legislation, the Colorado Sun said Some of the requirements of the Mosaic codeŠthose prohibiting murder, theft, false swearing and adultery, and that enjoining obedience of children to parentsŠare fittingly embodied in human laws, and conformity to them required and enforced. But this is because their enforcement is demanded for the temporal good of the community,, for the safety of society. They must be observed that men may enjoy their rights to do business, to gain and enjoy property and to seek happiness. They must be obeyed that the family may exist in peace and purity, and that society may be maintained in order and good repute. They must be conformed to, that there may be fair, orderly, decorous, profit-able life in the world, that good government may be established and maintained, that civilization may be advanced and protected, and that anything of good and of greatness may be accomplished. They are properly enforced by the State because they concern man's relation to his fellow-man. He who infringes them infringes the rights of others, and perhaps imperils the public good. The commandments that relate solely to man's relations to his Maker, or that prohibit sins purely of thought or feeling are clearly not suitable sub-jects for embodiment in human laws. A law en-joining love to God, or prohibiting idolatry or covetousness would, in these days, be a recognized absurdity. Yet the Church, to fulfill its mission, must enjoin obedience to this latter class of com-mandment. This is a very great fallacy. The last six commandments of the Decalogue are no more to be legislated upon as such than are the first four commandments. God in his infinite goodness made human rights self-evident, and as such they have 