THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 7 Sunday-law champions may talk around the point all they can in public ; they may appeal as loudly as they can in behalf of the workingman, or they may attempt to cover up their effort with temperance or sanitary plasters, ever so thiCk; in their own coun- cils, or before religious audiences, it is always the desecration of the sacred day that is specially bemoaned. And every-where and all the time it is on Sunday that the saloon is a curse; it is on Sunday that the laborer needs rest; it is on Sun-day that men should be with their fami-lies; and if men are so obtuse that they cannot see that Sunday is the day of all others on which to worship God, they must be made to see it by the law of the land; We are told in one breath that the Sun-day law does not say what men shall do, or shall not do, on. Sunday, only that they, shall not work or keep open any place of business,Š all that is wanted is a day of rest And recuperation. But in the next -breath the sanctity of the " American ,Sabhath " must be sustained, and the "continental holiday" must be kept down. We must have such Sunday laws as will keep. out the German Sunday, when only two per cent. go to church and the re-mainder to the picnic. In one breath, we are told that the wand effort is for a " civil holiday," that men may have their liberty on that day; in the next breath, it is because of the holiday customs in some places that a Sunday law is, so strongly urged. If the people would but compare and duly weigh the many-sided arguments in favor of Sunday laws, they could not fail to see, the aim and the logical end of such legislation. We are pointed to the liber-ties of the people in States where Sunday laws exist, to show that there is no danger of the consequences which we predict; but it must be remembered that there is great complaint, on the part of the Sunday-law abettors, of the inefficiency of many of such statutes. These must be made stronger in their provisions and penalties. And there is also complaint that the Sun-day laws of the States cannot be properly enforced because the general,Government does not sustain them. Herein lies the ground of appeal for a national Sunday law, in order that the State laws may be more rigidly enforced. That secured, then will follow the matter of strengthening the weaker State laws until they come up to the ideal of the most ardent National Reformer. It is well: to consider these inevitable results before they are fastened upon us.ŠW. N. Glenn, in Signs of the Times. EVERY man is entitled to freedom, until he begins to abuse or encroach on the freedom of others, then it is proper and right to curtail his freedom. Š Loyal American. ONE of the absurd uses to which an absurd law may be put was illustrated in the Westminster County Court last week. A dentist sought to recover fees for pro-fessional work, which, it transpired, was largely done on Sundays. The defendant contended that this brought the dentist within the Sunday Observance Act. The judge said the defense was a shabby one, and laid down that a dentist did not come within the Act. The man who has high-est regard for the Sunday should be first to protest against a law making such con-tentions possible. Would any believer in the Lord's Supper desire to see that or-dinance bandied about the courts again as it was in the olden time ? The loudest protest would come from those who truly regarded Christ's last institution as sacred. ŠPresent Truth, London, England. Au Interesting Letter. A WELL-KNOWN minister and professor in an academy in Washington County, Pennsylvania, writes thus to a friend who sent him some copies of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL :Š I have to thank you.for copies of the paper sent me. I have read it with interest. I am glad to see my sentiments so well expressed in some of the articles. . . . I had so little time at my disposal in the address I made at the County Institute that I could only touch upon the subject of religion in our public schools. I take it that you were present when I spoke. I would like to have an opportunity to discuss that Abject sometime, I could then give it the attention it deserves. As I said, there is a strong movement on foot now by different organ-izations, to force the teaching of religion in our public schools. In my opinion this is greatly to be deplored, not that I do not think that religion is important, but because I don't believe that the various sects can agree on that subject. It would be to introduce sectarianism into our schools, and so soon as that is done, it overthrows our public school system. . . . Besides, the State has noth-ing to do with religion, further than to allow all citizens freedom before the law to have such religion as they may choose. The State has no soul, and it cannot have a religion. It cannot have a choice between the different religious theories that divide Christendom; and further, if one religion were ad-mitted into our schools, common fairness would demand that all forms have a hearing, for the pub-lic schools are supported by all shades of beliefs. The only safe and fair position to assume is that the State must not teach any religion. A Knock-down Argument. SUNDAY afternoon, December 7, Rev. Mr. Crafts, well known to our readers, spoke to a Philadelphia Sunday school, upon his favorite theme, giving seven rea-sons for Sunday keeping. Of course Mr. Crafts has a perfect right to have seven reasons, or seventy reasons, for keeping Sunday or any other day. He also has a perfect right to tell those reasons to any number of Sunday schools. But his man-ner of doing it upon this occasion was not such as to commend him to the esteem of people generally. He had spoken only a few minutes when his remarks degenerated into a tirade against observers of the sev- enth day. He complained that these peo-ple could not be silenced unless they were " knocked on the head with a club," and then transported while unconscious to some uninhabited island, where they would be compelled to remain, cut off from all intercourse with others for the remain-der of their natural lives. This idea, however, is too nearly akin to the National Reform scheme for disposing of infidels, namely, to banish them to some wild, desolate island, and compel them to remain there as long as they live, to be considered original. This plan may appear to some to be scarcely practicable in this enlightened age, but it may fittingly be termed, though in the worst sense, " a knock-down argument." THERE are, it is said, signs that France is slowly but surely returning to the ob-servance of Sunday. " In the Chamber of Deputies recently, during a debate upon the bill regulating the hours of labor for children and women, the Deputies decided that one day in seven should be a rest day, and a section of the Chamber nearly sue, ceded in getting a clause passed to make that day of rest Sunday, two hundred and ten Deputies voting in favor of it. Although this result was not attained by legislation, it is thought that most em-ployers will select Sunday as the `one day in seven.'" But even this consummation would come very far short of the de-sires of the Sunday-law advocates in this country; here they demand not only that the people may rest but that they must rest. No advocate of a Sunday law in this country would be satisfied with such a law as that passed by the French Deputies. That is practically the present status of Sunday in California; in that State Sundaris a holiday, factories and shops are closed, and mechanics and labor-ers are free from toil. But this does not satisfy those who want Sunday laws; they demand the prohibition of Sunday excur-sions and everything of that kind,. In short, they propose to restrict people to choose between spending Sunday at home or going to church. THE Nebraska State Journal says that " the Bellamy boarding houses that have been started in different parts of the coun-try since the appearance of ' Looking Backward,' do not flourish more than a few months as a rule. . . . The cost of living was actually reduced by co-operation, but gradually the people drifted back to their own little tables at home and a profitable membership could not be maintained. If there is anything that is prized in these days it is personal freedom. No saving in expense will quite reconcile a man to the obliteration of his individual-ity. No family will be content to live under rules not made by itself for its own convenience. And so these co-operative bubbles are pricked as fast as they rise." 