THE ..AIVIEIRICA.N SENTINEL. 83 God saw that " the people " had corrupted their Way on the earth, and so nearly universal was the downward tendency, that only one man was found who followed the expressed com-mandment of the Lord. Yet although the peo-ple were so nearly unanimous in their choice of evil, it did not cease to be evil, neither did they change the mind of God. Every man who fol-lowed the way, that was "right in his own eyes" was destroyed by the flood. It was " the people " who, shortly after the flood, thought to make a name for themselves by building a city and a tower whose top should reach to heaven; but God frustrated their plan to exalt themselves above him, and their city was destroyed and they were scattered. Coming down to later times, we find that when God would have a people for himself; who should honor him and keep the knowledge of his will alive in the earth, he found only one man, Abraham, whom he could select as the father of his people. And when that people had become great and were being conducted to the land which God had given to them, they were told, " The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number than any people; for ye were the few-est of all people." Deut. 7:7. The majority of " the people " ignored God, and did as they pleased. Surely, if it were true that " the voice of the people is the voice of God," God would not have rejected the bulk of mankind for a comparatively insignificant race. Leaving out the great world who had re-jected God and had in consequence been re-jected by him, we find that " the people" whom God chose as his own peculiar people were, as a people, more often in opposition to God than in harmony with him. It was " the peo-ple who said to Aaron, "Make us gods, which shall go before us; " and when the golden calf was made, " the people " worshiped it. It was " the people " who said, "Let us make a cap-tain, and let us return into Egypt; " and it was "the people" who time and again murmured against the Lord's chosen prophet, and were often on the point of stoning him to death. In the days when Christ was on earth it was his own people to whom he came, who rejected him. When he was accused before the Roman Governor, it was " the people " of IsraelŠGod's own chosen peopleŠwho cried, " Crucify him!" Still later, when the disciples of Christ were many thousands in number in Jerusalem, they were still a poor, despised sect, and so few in number in comparison with " the people " who constituted the State Church, that they were compelled to flee for their lives. Then lle,rod the king stretched forth his hand to vex cer-tain of the church. And he killed James with the sword; and when he saw that "the people " were pleased, he proceeded to take Peter also. This same Herod it was who a short time after-ward made an oration to a vast concourse who had assembled to do him honor. "And 'the people' gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man." In this case " the voice of the people" was immediately shown to be not the voice of God, for God rebuked their impiety, and caused the vile creature, whom they called a god, to die a loathsome death. Still later we find 'that "the people" whom God had taken out from among the Gentiles, became so great that they were deemed worthy of State "recognition." In the great empire of Rome, which filled the world, the " Christians " were so numerous that the crafty and worldly-wise Constantine saw that it would be greatly to his advantage to favor them rather than his pagan subjects. So "the church" was "recog-nized " by the civil power, to the extent that "its ordinances and its laws" were enforced by " a statutory arrangement." The State under- took to "regulate the administration" of the ordinances, customs, and laws of the church "in conformity with its [the church's] constitution and object." Thus the sect which in the days of Paul was " everywhere spoken against," now sat in the high places of the earth, and all na-tions were flowing unto it. See Isa. 2 : 2, 3. Surely now the voice of the people must have been the voice of God, because Rome, which was then only a synonym for " the world," was a "Christian nation." Mark you, this had not been brought about by a mere legal enact-ment without the concurrence of "the people," but Christianity was exalted to the throne of the world because the majority so willed it. Constantine was too wise a ruler to make laws that would not receive the commendation of the majority of his subjects. The voice of the people was to him the voice of God, and when Christianity became the religion of the empire, it was simply the recognition of the prevailing sentiment. But was the voice of the people in that case really the voice of God? Far from it. This expression of the will of " the people "Šthe churchŠwas only the last step but one in that great apostasy of which Paul had written (2 Thess. 2 : 1-8), and which culminated in the establishment of the Papacy, that " man of sin," "the son of perdition," who opposed and ex-alted himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped; so that he as God, sat in the temple of God, showing himself to be God. This was the practical working of the adage, "The voice of the people is the voice of God." The falsity of that claim is shown by the fact that "the people" who have impiously exalted themselves above God by claiming that their voice is his, are to be consumed with the spirit of the Lord's mouth, and destroyed with the brightness of his coming. In the brief description of the rise of the Papacy, the reader cannot fail to recognize the words which the "National Reformers" use to describe their movement. It is a significant fact that the same language which they use to describe what they are working for, most ac-curately describes the establishment of the Papacy, that professedly Christian power that persecuted Christians to the death. There is not a plea which the National Reformers use in behalf of their proposed Amendment to the Constitution, which will not apply exactly to the setting up of the Papacy. They say, This movement is wholly in the hands of the Chris-tian Church; so was the great apostasy of the first three centuries. National Reformers say, We do not Want an Amendment to the Consti-tution until it will be the natural outgrowth of  the sentiment of the Christian people of Łthe country; all Constantine and his successors did,  was to make laws voicing the sentiments of " the Christian people " of the empire. Say the,  " Reformers," " The success of this movement, will make the United States a Christian na-tion; that is what Rome became. Say they',, We will never persecute; so said "Christian " Rome under similar circumstances, but time will in this case demonstrate the fact that like causes always produce like effects. " Woe unto you, . . . because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchers of the righteous, and say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers." Matt. 23 : 29-32. And like effects bring like punishments.. Let those who are inclined toward so-called "National Reform" take heed and beware. E. J. w.. The Principles of National Reform and of the Turk. REV. JULIUS H. SEELYE, D. D., is President of Amherst College, one of the leading scholars and educators of the United States, and a Vice-President of the National Reform Association. In a late number of the Fory,;rn be discussed the question, "Should the State Teach Religion?" in which he presented the following as sound doctrine on that question:Š " Religion is not an end to the State. It is simply a means to the advancement of the State, and is to be used like any other means. To the individual person the sole question about a religion is, whether it is true; but the State only inquires whether it is adapted to the end; at which the State is aiming. From this point, of view the State is equally preserved from re-ligious indifference and religious intolerance:. What kind of a religion it should employ, ands how far it should carry religious instruction its its schools, is a grave question of statesman--ship, respecting which Governments may very-easily make mistakesŠvery grave mistakes. . . . But the greatest mistake any Govern-ment is likely to commit respecting religions instruction is to have none. And faith fbr people is better than no faith. What faith shall be employed, and in what way, are points respecting which wise statesmanship will direct, as it does in other matters; and wise statesman-ship will keep in view here as elsewhere the maxim, de minimis non carat lex. . . . If the conscience of the subjects approve, well; if' not, the State will be cautious, but courageous also; and, if it is wise, it will not falter." If a State is to adopt a religion at all, it is impossible to see how it could adopt any but the religion of the majority. Because, mark the rule, the State is not to inquire whether the religion is true, but only, " whether it is adapted to the end at which the State is aiming." Re-ligion therefore being to the State a mere mat-ter of policy, the religion adopted by the State must be the religion of the majority. And in that case the State is brought to the inevitable alternative, either to change its religion with every change of the majority, or else to exert its power to keep the religion which it has adopted, the religion of the majority. Where- 