NOVEMBER 26, 1806. 375 BOOKS FOR THE CHILDREN'  ants, and with him there is a question of church dis-cipline to be settled, with that we have nothing to do. It is a matter which does not concern the people at large in the least. But when the Mormon or any other church directly threatens that it will interpose all its church power to influence a legislature to defeat for office a citizen because he has dared to assert his independence, even in the face of the church, then we beg to say that this people will not stand that sort of tyranny, and if it is attempted, then the old fight will be opened all at once. It seems quite easy for people to distinguish the boundary lines which sep1rate between the proper spheres of church and State, in the case of the Mormon church. But we would call attention to the fact that the Mor-mon church takes the same attitude with respect to legislation that is taken by ortho-doxy in general, in defense of the demand for - Sunday legislation. For it is a "vital prin-ciple" in the creed of the " most numerous religious body" in the land, that Sunday should be observed as-  the Sabbath, and it " wounds " this principle deeply when legis-lation is so shaped as not to prohibit the pro-fanation of the day. The church is so grieved over this matter that she is getting ready to retire from office such of our legislators as will not defer to her demands. The " most numerous religious body" in the land assumes the right to make demands upon legislatures which, in the case of the smaller bodies, would be promptly denounced as involving a union of church and State. CONFIDENCE in the virtue. of that much-trusted religious guide, " the public con-science," has recently in-this vicinity received a rude shock. About a year ago a number of States and Territories were vieing with each. other in fan exhibition of morality, by measures taken to keep out of their borders two well-known pugilists who were seeking some place for a prize fight. There was not. a State or Territory in the Union that would permit such a thing; not even though it might be necessary to call a special ses-sion of the legislature to prevent it. Now, behold, one of those same pugilists, with a companion of almost equal fistic renown, engages in such a fight in the very heart of New York Uity, under the approving eye of the city's most prominent police com-missioner, and with approving comment from a number of prominent clergymen! The " public conscience " is a thing of queer freaks. WE WILL HELP YOU. " How I wish all my friends could read this SENTINEL," is a sentiment that will be expressed by many of our readers on receiv-ing this number of the paper; but as it costs one cent each to mail the SENTINEL, many have, for this reason,used but a limited num- ber of papers in this way. Here are offers which will enable you to send this issue of the SENTINEL to scores, yes, hundreds of your friends for the first cost of the paper, without the additional postage:Š First, send a list of the names and ad-dresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send one or more copies of this im-portant issue to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. Where more than one copy is desired sent in the same wrapper, send at the rate of one cent for each  paper, and a quarter of a cent for address-ing and wrapping. Second, send wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send this SENTINEL to one hundred names for one dollar. Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Stamps will be acceptable for small remit-tances. THE CYCLONE STILL WHIRLS. 4DŁcs.4-qt.,© Be Sure You Don't Miss the Whirl this Fall and Winter, Ł 4i9.13-1,47N,15 For if you do you will miss a chance of a lifetime to make fine wages at a time of the year when nothing else can - be accomplishe,cl. It will win you friends, awl hold its trade as no other article that is now on the market will do. Give it a trial and your success is certain See what others say: Battle Creek, Mich., Sept. 11, 1896. THIS is to certify that I have in use in my home one of the Cyclone V+ ashers, manufactured by Coon Bros., of this city, and it gives the best of satisfaction. Ł M. E. KELLOGG, Chicago, Ill., Oct. 31, 1896. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich., Gentlemen; It is now already a long time since I received the Cyclone Washer you sent me, and now I am ready to tell you how I like it. My wife used it good many times before she could agree with all the testimonies that you have in your circulars, but now she believes them all. She says the Cyclone Washer is not praised too much, Everything that is said about its excellent working is true. The more I use it the more I like it. Wishing you success, I am, Yours truly, ZACH SHERRIG, Agents wanted in every county. Address, COON BROTHERS, 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. r A .LARGE AND VARIED A NEW LINE. With new and unique combination of Old and New Versions. .Special Terms to any one who will sell two or more of them. Send for Circular and Terms. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOnd St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City; Mo. STOCK. WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home:Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $1.00 '- A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have theprivilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for $1.78 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. This book, which is 8x104- inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value, Price. only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY WOULD YOU Cure Your Catarrh? If so, apply the medi-cine to the Nasal Cavity with the Success " Nasal Syringe. The best Syringe on the market for Nasal Catarrh. The regular price of this Syringe is HI. Sent postpaid on receipt of 75e. Address, A. Hallett, 39 Bond St., New York. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Tones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough cat-echism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price, 25 cents. Send for Spring Catalog of Publications. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 