220 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-16. "Pinup the Fair, or the Fourth," again began the teacher, "does not have a very good name in hietory as you see. He was a selfish and greedy man." "I suppose those kings back there forgot that all their wicked capers would be written up for boys and girls to read in after years," said Florence Ray. "Yes; they sometimes seemed to forget that they were making history, and I doubt not some of them would blush if they could see the pages which the historian has penned about them. But we must not forget that we are all of us making history as well as they, and that there is a faithful record kept of all our lives. "Philip IV. coveted the country of Flanders, I pre-sume, because it was very rich, and much to be desired. So he forthwith picked a quarrel with the inhabitants, and soon assumed control of it, declaring it annexed to France. The people, however, did not purpose to have their liberty thus taken away, and so one night in the city of Bruges, they rose as one man and put a great many French people to death; in fact the people enacted over again the tragedy of the Sicilian Vespers." "What year was this, please?" questioned Edna Phil-lips. "About the close of the thirteenth century." "Didn't Philip punish them for all this?" questioned Harry Ray. "He tried to do so, but the French were obliged to confess themselves whipped, and were finally glad to make peace. But the king had no sooner made peace with his neighbor than he was overwhelmed in trouble with the pope, Boniface the Eighth. This pope took the grounds that the clergy ought to be exempt from paying taxes. This the king pretested against very vig-orously." "Well, he did just right, there, in my opinion!" ex-claimed Joe Palmeter, who was quick to perceive any en-croachment upon his ideas of justice, liberty, and equal rights for all. "I don't think I can blame him, myself, Joseph; for he gave as his reason the very good one that the clergy was 'as much interested as any other one in the good or-der and prosperity of the country.' But the pope was very angry with him, and sent out manybulls, or decrees, of an abusive nature, against the king, who paid no at-tention to them in the least." "I wonder he did not excommunicate him at once," remarked Ed Barnaby, "0, he did, Edward, he did, indeed, and threatened to prohibit the clergy from officiating at funerals, mar-riages, or church services. This was called 'interdiction.' He even went so far as to declare King Philip deposed." "Seems to me that is taking to itself a power God never intended the church to possess," said Julia March. "My grandfather said this morning," chimed in Mag-gie Palmeter, "that Pope Boniface gave out word that he would grant a pardon to any man who would take matters into his own hands and kill the king." "Did he forget the sixth commandment? ordid he in-tend to ignore it altogether? I am quite surprised that anyone pretending to be a teacher of righteousness should so far forget the first principles orChristianity I" exclaimed Julia March. "At last," continued the teacher, "some of the ene-mies of the pope took him prisoner,Šthey entered slyly into his palace,Šand one of the party struck him a blow in the face with his iron glove which they called a 'gaunt-let.' This was not at all right, even though he had cer-tainly done very wrong; for the Master's way is to return good for evil. After a while he was liberated, but he be-came insane, and died shortly after. "Finally, the king nominated a pope to suit himself, who went by the name of Clement the Fifth, and Philip was careful to see to it that he did suit him in every par-ticular. The crafty king used him as a tool to extract money from the people, and Clement dared not refuse to do so; for, as the historian says, 'the king held on like a leech.' So the poor pope traveled around to get money for the greedy king, until the people could not bear to see his face." "Was it King Philip IV. who destroyed the Knights Templars?" asked Edna Philips. "Yes, Edna, and it was his covetousdisposition which led him to do the cruel deed." "Will you tell us a little about them, professor, and who they were? I'm afraid I don't know very much about them," said Charlie White. "That is a very seasonable request, Charlie. We will have to go back to the time of the First Crusade. Who can remember who was king of France, then?" "I believe it Was Philip I , the fourth of the Capetian kings," said Edna Philips. "You are right, Edna; your memory serves you well. Can you remember in what year the first crusade oc-curred?" Edna blushed a little. "I'm afraid I can't tell you exactly, professor, but I think it was about the close of the eleventh century." "That's quite right; Jerusalem was taken by the Christians during the first crusade, in the year 1099. There were men who were left by the Christians in Pales-tine to protect those people who were left in an unpro-tected condition. These men were called Knights of the Temple and Knights of St. John. The former of these 