AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł 487 kingly power over unbelievers before the last day and threatened the enforcement of no judgments upon them until that time, there can remain no right in his followers now to set up a civil government in his name or to con-trol in his name any government that is already set up. God made no mistake in establishing the Israelitish theocracy, just as he made no mistake in creating the world; but man has marred and mangled every heavenly gift that God has committed to his control, whether it be the earth, or the Sabbath, or marriage, or organized government; and it is better in the matter of a theocracy to await God's own good time. Let the Father in the times and seasons which be has put in his own power bring his king, the Lord Jesus Christ, to the world and establish the King of glory upon the throne of universal and everlasting dominion. That will be the only theocracy worth our considera-tion and our contemplation. TaRmadge, Ohio. Cravings for Monarchy. A FRENCH journal is quoted as saying that it was the Americans who did most to make.the Queen's Jubilee a success. This is doubtless an exaggerated statement, but it shows how the American craze for that which per-tains to royalty is becoming conspicuous in the eyes of the nations. And now comes the statement from Kansas, made in all seriousness, that the feature of the "fall festivities" in .that section is to be a "queen," who will be none other than Mrs. Mary Lease, the Populist orator. At least, such is the program of the committee in charge of the festivities, and they have telegraphed for her acceptance of the "honor." The queen will wear a $20,000 crownŠa sufficient proof of the genuineness of her royaltyŠand will reign one week. This will be a short reign, to be sure, but it is as long as the reigns of some of the monarchs who have figured in history. In case Mrs. Lease should decline to be a queen, it is hardly to be doubted that no very long search will be re-quired to find some other head that will be willing, for the sake of the honors of royalty, to carry a $20,000 crown for a week. "Dialogues of Devils." Diabalus.ŠOne of the greatest foes to our cause, next to the power of Christianity, is honest industry. It keeps the minds and hands of the people busy with otherthings than those we would have them engaged in. Beelzebub.ŠThat is true; but I have a plan in mind which will remedy that. D.ŠHa! what is it? B.ŠWhy; I will have a Sunday law passed, making honest industry a crime one day in each week, and inno- cent recreation as well. That will fix things just as we want them. The Christians, of course, will not be affected Šthey will spend the day in worship the same as before; but they are only a few. All the rest will then be where we can have full swing at them, and our job, will be dead easy. We know well enough that minds and hands must have employment of some kind, and the Sunday law will give us a monopoly of furnishing the same to every one who does not care for Christianity. How is that? D.ŠGood! We'll attend the reform ministers' meet-ing this evening, and have a committee of them sent to work the legislature right away. Ł 4 4 Always Demoralizing. ENFORCED leisure is always demoralizing, for when hands are idle under such circumstances, his Satanic majesty is busy finding some mischief for them to do. No enforced Sunday rest applies to him. The report of the "New York Sabbath Committee" for 1894-1896 says:Š "The general suspension of business is seized upon for illegal traffic. Large numbers of people are employed in supplying demoralizing amusements and the means of dissipation on the day of leisure, and are constantly on the watch to change the laws which stand in their way, and to stir up prejudice against them." Of course; what other result could be expected ? Too Inquisitive. Johnnie.ŠMama, didn't you tell me I was born on Sunday? Mama.ŠYes, Johnnie; but why do you ask? Johnnie.ŠBecause, mama, I want to have a birthday celebration every Sunday. Mania.ŠWhy, Johnnie, that would be nonsense! You don't celebrate the day of the week when the event took place, but the day of the month, and that comes but once a year. Johnnie.ŠBut, mama, don't we celebrate every Sunday because the resurrection of Christ was on that day? Mama.ŠWhyŠyes, Johnnie, of course; butŠbutŠthat's different; I can't explain to you just how, but you'll understand it when you get older. Run away now, and don't be asking so many questions. A Suggestion. As many readers of the SENTINEL are taking advan-tage of our special offer to send the paper to theirfriends, we would suggest that it would be well to notify such friends that the paper has been ordered to their address, so that they may not refuse to take it, thinking it had been sent them without being ordered, and later they would be asked to pay for it. 