AUGUST 2, 1894. AIWIlEati CAN S1INTriTAINIHA1.4., 245 thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy.  daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is. and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. The Jews take those texts among others Šthere are hundreds of themŠand say that the law that God gave to his creatures is to keep holy the seventh day. And they ask by what authority we change the law of God and celebrate the first day instead of the seventh. This is a very important point, and I am sure the honor-able mover of the bill (Mr. Charlton) is ready to give his authority. Now, there is another sect or religion which says: We do not rely upon the Old Testament, but upon the I\ ew Testament, and according to the New Testament it is ordered that we should go on celebrating the seventh day and not the first day. These people rely upon the New Testa-ment, and have even suffered death to prove their belief. I hold in my hand a book entitled, " The Faiths of the People," by Malloy, and I will draw the attention of the honorable gentleman to page 209 at the end of the chapter. He will see there the reasons these people give for going on celebrating the seventh day. I shall not trespass upon the time of the House by giving quotations, but I ask the honorable gentleman to show us one word in the New Testament where the Son of God took it upon himself to change the day ordered by his Father to be kept holy. The [Seventh-day Baptists or Adventists, who celebrate the seventh day, say to the mover of this bill: To whom do you sub-mit when you keep holy the first day ? And they accuse him of submitting to the Catholic Church. They say to him : In celebrating the first day of the week, you admit the authority of the Catholic Church and its right to impose discipline. You admit that the Catholic Church has received from God the power to dictate to the people its law as to the doctrine to be followed. That is the charge which the Seventh-day Adventists make against the honorable gentleman. The honorable gentleman knows, and he will find it in his own authorities, that Sunday is of apostolic tradition. In the first centuries, as shown in the book I have here, in many parts of Christendom, Sabbath was cele-brated, but the Catholic Church changed the day by decree, pretending that it had the right so to change it, pretending that it was established by the Son of God and intrusted with all powers. And it is in virtue of that belief that the church changed the day, and that is why the Seventh-day Adventists say to the honor-able mover of the bill: You believe, like us, in the New Testament, why do you give up your belief in the Sabbath cele-bration ? Why do you submit to the Romish Church ? Why do you admit the traditions of the apostles ? If you admit one, you admit them all. You admit the absolution given by the priest, you admit the sacraments of that church. But they say: We believe in the Word of God the Father in the Old Testament, and in the Word of God the Son in the New Testa-ment, and we stand by that, and will not submit to the dictation of any other church, which is only assuming powers it has not received. As for us Catholics, Mr. Speaker, we shall celebrate our Sundays as we please, provided we do not interfere with your civil rights, and if we do, go to the prov- inces and you will receive protection. When we joined Confederation, we joined it as a commercial partnership, and not as a salvation army. We do not believe in this Parliament turning itself into a salvation army, and with drums and fifes trying to force us into heaven. The hon-orable mover of this bill says he wishes to protect the rights of conscience. Is he doing that when he wants to impose upon the Jews the obligation of keeping the first day instead of the seventh ? Does he protect the rights of conscience when he wants to compel the Seventh-day Ad-ventists to celebrate the first day of the creation instead of the seventh ? Does he protects the rights of conscience when he seeks to compel a great number of his fel-low-citizens to disobey the Word of God and to obey the words of a church of which they do not approve ? (Conclusion next week.) Ł 11. Ł Religion and the Public Schools. THE Committee on Education of the Constitutional Convention at Albany pro-poses an amendment to the constitution absolutely forbidding any sort of State aid, direct or indirect, of schools " wholly or partly under the control of any religious denomination, or in which any denomina-tional tenet or doctrine is taught." This makes complete the secularization of the system of public education in this State. If such an amendment be adopted by the convention and ratified by the peo-ple, all attempts of religious or parochial schools to participate in the distribution of the public school fund will be frustrated permanently by the positive prohibition of the fundamental law. It would, more-over, exclude from the public schools every trace of religious education, prayer, read-ing of the Bible, or any formal recognition of supernatural religion, for in whatever shape such instruction is introduced it must take on the character of " denomi-national tenet or doctrine." Under the English system of State aid to primary education, voluntary and de-nominational schools are recognized as a part of the public provision for instruc-tion, but these are supplemented by sepa-rate schools, especially established by the school boards, which are empowered to make their own arrangements respecting religious teaching, subject to the restric-tion that it shall not be denominational. Where it is provided, however, it is Christian, and generally, in the Roman Catholic view, Protestant. Of the 2,392 school boards in England and Wales, only 91 have excluded religious instruction altogether, and these are wholly in small villages. In all the rest the Bible is read and careful provision is made for inculcat-ing religion. Birmingham is almost alone among them in going even so far as to re-quire that the Bible shall be read without note or comment. In London the school board has always provided for the reading of the Bible and "such explanations and such instructions therefrom in the princi-ples of morality and religion as are suited to the capacities of children;" but last April it went further and laid down a scheme of dogmatic religious teaching, justly described by a writer in the last number of the Nineteenth Century maga-zine as " a creed of its own, designed to serve as a new safeguard of the faith, and to render all Unitarian and other heterodox interpretations of the Bible impossible." The scheme satisfies neither the teachers nor the public, and, generally, the reli-gious instruction of the board schools sat-isfies neither believers nor unbelievers. As Lord Salisbury calls it, it is " a patent compressible religion which can be forced into all consciences with a little squeez-ing." He has also declared with the force of irrefutable truth that " no State neces-sity ought to allow you to sweep away" a parent's " inalienable right to determine the teaching which his child should receive upon the holiest and most momentous of all subjects." That right cannot be guarded except by excluding all religious instruction from schools provided and controlled by the State. The logical out-come of the controversy provoked by the course of the London School Board last spring in laying out a scheme of dogmatic religious instruction will be the complete secularization of the London schools main-tained by the board. If the State desires to encourage such teaching, it must do so, after the English plan, by treating every elementary school, voluntary or religious, as a public school. In its own schools, specifically, it must let religion alone,Ł or else it invades an inalienable right of the parent, as Lord Salisbury says. The proposed amendment to the Consti-tution of this State would absolutely for-bid the adoption of that plan here. All schools which gave religious instruction would be debarred from State aid by its prohibition. The Faribault plan would be unconstitutional in New York. The public money would be expended for purely secular education exclusively.ŠNew York Sun. . 4-. The Papal Plea for Unity. THE Roman pontiff has issued an " en-cyclical " in behalf of Church unity, which is remarkable in that it is addressed to all Christendom,ŠProtestant, Greek, and Roman Catholic. The fact affords strong evidence of the feeling of confidence which pervades the Roman hierarchy at this stage of their struggle for the recovery of Rome's former supremacy. It is said that the pope was previously in possession of reliable assurances both from Greek and Anglican Church parties that such a plea from himself would be welcomed in their midst; though doubtless the ever increas-ing flow of the Romeward tide in so-called Protestant churches throughout Christen-dom, furnished the pontiff with all the evidence needed that his effort would not be in vain. The-papal plea for unity is, of course, nothing more than a plea for union with Rome. No other kind of unity is desired or recognized by the papal church. The pontiff has deliberately invited the Prot-estant bodies throughout the world to acknowledge the authority of the church of Rome in spiritual things, and to declare that the reformation was wrong and that Wycliffe, Luther, Wesley, and their co-laborers were agents of the devil, instead of servants of God. An Italian, sur-rounded by others of his kind, brought up in an atmosphere that knows never a ray of gospel light and liberty, invites those who have been reared in the atmosphere of freedom to acknowledge him as their spiritual leader ! But on the other hand, the insult has itself been invited by the inconsistent, compromising, and spirit-ually-lifeless character of the Protestant-ism which a great part of the Protestant world has now for some years exhibited. 