AMERICAN SENTINEL. 631 removed from the Roman stage the imperial figure of Julius Cmsar, the imperialism within the republic went on unchecked. New and worse symptoms of the disease speedily appeared in the place of those that had been eliminated; new Cmsars far more despotic and cruel suc-ceeded to the throne of the first. And who that has thoughtfully and candidly ob-served the trend of affairs in the American Republic to-day can fail to discern the same waning of the power of self-government, the same symptoms developing, if yet less advanced, which marked the last days of the republic of Rome? Knowing these, we may be assured what in the natural course of events, will be the end. The Power of Christianity. THE Church of Christ was not designed to be a power-less thing in the midst of the powers of earth. Of Chris-tians it is said by the divine Word that one shall "chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight." All Christians, at least, recognize that this statement is truth. This is the power which God has designed for his fol-lowers here. Through them he would make his power known to the world, and to do thisŠto reveal himself as the Supreme One to whom all the world should look for salvationŠhe would endue his children with a power vastly greater than any that is known to the world. For in all the world was there never known such a thing as that one person, with any power supplied by the world, turned back a thousand of his adversaries, or that two put ten thousand to flight. But the great con-flict between truth and righteousness on the one hand, and error and iniquity on the other, reveals many a scene where one man, standing in the strength of God, has discomfitted a host of his enemies. Often in that conflict has the truth appeared that one individual, on the side of God, is in the majority. And yet, notwithstanding this which God has plainly revealed to the church, and which Christians profess to believe, the church wants to express her power through politics! In politics, where at best she can only measure vote for vote with the world, and where she is hopelessly outnumbered by the world, the church would convince the world of the power of the kingdom of God! Think of it, and think how hopeless and complete must be her failure! "Not by might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord." This is the way God himself has chosen to make his power known in the world by his church. And politics is the way the church has chosen! Where at the polls did one vote ever offset a thousand, or two Christian voters put ten thousand of the worldly to flight? What the church needs to day is not politics, but pu-rification. Not the purification of politics, but the puri- fication of the church, is the thing that will supply the church with power. And that purification will come, as surely as there is a God in heaven who has undertaken to save men by his power. That power must be made-known among men, and it will be. And then will the church of the living God arise and the world will behold herŠthough but a Gideon's band, it may beŠ"fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners." Sophistry and Its Fruit. CHURCH participation in politics has this defense from the late Cardinal Manning:Š "Why should the Holy Father touch any matter in politics at all? For the plain reason, b( fuse politics are a part of morals. Politics are morals on the widest scale." That is the plea by which every church and every in-dividual professor of religion justify their participation in politics. The plea is equally good for one and all. And this plea seems all right in itself; but its fruit is bad, and the tree is known by its fruit, and not by its appearance. The early church went into politics, and the result was, the establishment of the papacy. Had the church kept aloof from politics, no such thing as the papacy could ever have been. And wherever the churchŠthe papal or any otherŠhas participated in politics, and has had the power to mold the political'situation to her liking, there has been persecution and oppression to her religious opponents. There has been a likeness of the papacy, if not the thing itself. The papal church does not stand alone in history as a persecutor and oppressor of the people. That,  church is the mother of persection; but she has had nu-merous daughters. It is not true that "politics are morals on the widest scale." Morals are presented on the widest scale in the law of God,Šthe commandments which are described by the psalmist as "exceeding broad." Politics are the science of civil governmentŠthat government which is suited to selfish people. But the law of God is the rule of divine governmentŠthe only government in which selfishness does not appear. Where no selfishness is,  no other government but the divine one can be pos-sible. And no other than this can harmonize with Chris-tianity. Human Authority. By Bishop Hoadly. IT is the greatest and most irreconcilable enemy to truth and argument that this world ever furnished. All the sophistry, all the color of plausibility, all the artifice and cunning of the subtlest disputer in the world may be laid open and turned to the advantage of that very truth 