400 AMERICAN SENTINEL. RPM NEW YORK, JUNE 22, 1899. NUMBER 25 of the SENTINEL com-pleting half the volume, the regular issue following will be omitted, and the next number will be dated July 6. at To QUOTE the Declaration of Inde-pendence to an expansionist, is now in effect very much like flaunting a red rag in the face of a bull. THE process of liberating Cuba has now progressed to the point 'where a press censorship is deemed neces-sary in Santiago, although it is not a time of war, but of peace. The Cubans there think the liberating process is progressing the wrong way; and that has a decided appear- , ance of being the truth. DOLEFUL echoes come from the Peace Congress at The Hague. A deadlock has been reached, and the delegates are awaiting instructions from their respective governments. Each of the powers participating has the right of giving a decisive veto to any measure proposed, and no meas-ure of importanc.e yet proposed has succeeded in evading this veto. A German paper semi-officially an-nounces that the congress is a flat failure, and about all that seems to be hoped for by the well-informed is that it will break up peacefully. The gospel of God speaks Peace. But outside of this, it is only, "Peace, peace, when there is no peace." "There is no peace, saith my God, unto the wicked." It will be proved that the Word of God is true. THE Declaration of Independence was the basis not of a struggle for freedom from bad men, but from bad principles. The men who were op- pressing the colonies would soon have passed away, but so long as these were bound by the principle of taxation without representation,Šby the principle, to use a more mod-ern phrase, that government derives its just powers from "the consent of some of the governed"Šthey would have known no real freedom. "Some of the governed," as applied by the king and parliament, did not include the American colonies; and the-colo-nies fought through seven long years to throw off that principle. Later, their descendants fought each other for five terrible years to throw out of American government what was left of that principle. And now, lo! it is established again as firmly as ever, by the new policy of imperial-ism. The poison is back again in the system, and must either be thrown off by another convulsion or prove fatal. BISHOP W. A. CANDLER, of the Methodist Church, has been making an investigation of religious condi-tions existing to-day in Cuba. After several weeks' work in this line he reports that there is not one Prot-estant church building, so far as he knows, in all Cuba, while the papacy is intrenched in splendid church edi-fices, which have been built with money from the treasury of the State. He has issued a call for sub-scriptions to erect "the first Prot-estant church in Cuba." THE Filipinos are, we are told, to be taught self-government. To be taught anything successfully the pupil must have confidence in the teacher. The prospective teachers of the Filipinos are now slaughter-ing them and destroying their prop-erty to the utmost of their power. The query arises, therefore, how much further this slaughter and de-strUction will have to be carried be-fore the Filipinos will comprehend the benevolent purpose of the Amer-icans to teach them self government and be brought into a frame of mind to desire instruction from America. A CHRISTIAN Endeavor monthly, The Inland, published in St. Louis, Mo., refers to those Americans who have raised their voice against the shooting down of people in the Phil-ippines, and the general ruin of war, as "traitors" who in any other coun-try than America "would be summa-rily and speedily suppressed by the strong hand of the law." We hope the Christian Endeavor Society is not ready to indorse this as in har-mony with its conception of Chris-tianity. ebe WHILE legislatures and govern-ments are setting aside the principles of religious freedom, it becomes all 'the more the duty of the individual to preserve these principles for and in himself. Whatever is done by the powers that be, no one need lose these principles out of his own heart and life; and that is where they will do most good to the individual. IT is announced that the world is about to have, on the authority of some eminent professors in Colum-bia, Harvard, and other well-known universities, scientific proof of the immortality of the soul,Šof the sur-vival of individual consciousness after death. This "scientific" demonstration of immortality is to be had through experiments conducted with Spirit-ualist "mediums." It is to be "dem-onstrated" that the "spirits" 'of dead people exist and communicate with the living on the earth. The "seances" are held at, the home of a prominent "medium" near Boston, Mass. Whatever these eminent professors may prove, it is plain that the doc-trine of soul immortality is contrary to Scriptures; and the "demonstra-tion" they are to give will therefore be a manifestation of "science falsely so called." But coming from such a source, a "demonstration" of con-sciousness after death will have great weight with very many, and do much to swell the tide of human belief that flows into Spiritualism. 