582 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interest of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Ire Any one receiving the American Sentinel without baying ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) state and the pathway of politics. That the state can become the church's mightiest helper is exactly what that religion teaches. It is what every one mint accept, as truth who holds to the idea of religion in politicS. It is the old principle of church and state union. The very essence of that union is the idea that the state canŠand therefore ought toŠhelp the church. But it is not the truth, and brands as false the reli-gion which maintains it When the church looks for the,  state to become her "mightiest helper," she turns her back upon Him who said to His people, and for them in all ages, "All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth;" and "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the-end of the world." Religion in Politics. Rest Not Secured by Law. IT was the Lord of the Sabbath who said, "Come unto Me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." It is He who gives this same invita-tion to every weary soul to-day. The Sabbath was made for rest, and the Sabbath law commands rest; but He who made the Sabbath and gave the law, bids all men find rest by accepting his invi-tation, "Come unto me." And by this He testifies that rest can be found by men in no other way. They cannot find rest except they come to Him. They cannot therefore find it through the compulsion of law or in the formal observance of the law. The purpose of the Sabbath and the Sabbath law can be realized only in Christ. He who remains separated from Christ can find no benefitŠno restŠin the Sabbath. And as no Sunday law can bring any soul to Christ, it is certain that no Sunday law can in any way promote Sabbath observance. Jesus Christ is "the end of the law for righteousness." There can be no observance of the law of righteousness outside of him. IT is said that politics and religion ought to be united; and this, by individuals who profess total dissent from any union of church and state. But can politics be separated from the state? and can religion be separated from the church? The Christian religion, certainly, is bound up in the Christian Church. Since then politics cannot be separated from the state, nor religion from the church, how can politics and reli-gion be united without making by that very act a union of church and state? And through what other means did church and state ever become united? JUSTICE alone does not represent Christianity; jus-tice alone is not the aim of Christianity. To deal with the sinner as he justly deserves, is directly contrary to Christianity. And therefore any power instituted for the purpose of securing justice alone, cannot join with Chris-tianity. Christianity does not call into use anything which aims at securing justice only. This is why Peter, when he drew the sword to resist the attack upon Jesus, was told to put it up again into its sheath. Civil Government Upholding Religion. The Church's " Mightiest Helper." A PAPER which is devoted to the propagation of the doctrine that religion and polities ought to be united, says:Š "Were the powers of the state used to protect the Sabbath and maintain its sacredness, to purify the fam-ily and prevent vice, it would be the church's mightiest helper." Think of it: the state becoming the church's mighti-est helper! What church, what religion, could hold to such a view? Not Christianity; for that affirms that the church's helper in her contest with evil here is none other than the almighty One above. No; this is the religion which seeks the help of the SUNDAY, the 11th, two newsboys were arrested in this city for shouting the name of a newspaper "extra," to attract the attention of prospective buyers. The magis-trate before whom they were taken told them they ha d made themselves a nuisance; and fined them three dol-lars each. But what makes the shouts of the newsboys a nui-sance on Sunday when it is all right on other days of the week? Oh, it is religion,Šthat religion which holds Sun-day as a sacred day, during which everybody ought to keep quiet. There is no other explanation that can be offered. The civil government of the city of New York lent itself on that occasion to the maintenance of a religion. This is an undeniable fact. 