THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 165 but will commence with one thing and then ask for another, till they secure a perfect union of Church and State. I look upon such a law as proposed by Mr. Blair, as an invasion of the sacred rights of the sanctuary. Hands off, this is holy ground. It would be just as consistent to dictate as to what men and women shall eat and drink, or wear, as it would to say when and how they must worship. B. A. SMITH. How Others Look at It. WE present the following to the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, not because it contains any points which have not already been given in these columns, but that they may see how others view these matters. We are glad of these evi-dences that the true principles of civil and re-ligious liberty are finding advocates all through the land. The article is from the Camden (N. J.) Post of April 11:Š All asseverations to the contrary notwithstand-ing, it strikes me that Senator Blair's Educational Amendment is a wolf in sheep's clothing. It presents an issue which must be met, and before the damage is done is the time to meet it. Let us read the second section of the bill, and mark care-fully every word:Š "SEc. 2. Each State in this Union shall estab-lish and maintain a system of free public schools adequate for the education of all children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the common branches of knowledge, and in virtue, morality, acid the principles of the Christian religion." That is to say, no State shall ever make or maintain a law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, but every State in this Union shall make and maintain laws establishing the principles of the Christian religion ; and to make assurance doubly sure, Section 3 declares that the United States shall guarantee to every State, and to the people of every State, and of the United States, the support and maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein pro-vided. And that is to say, the United States Government pledges itself that every State shall establish and maintain the principles of the Christian religion. This proposed amendment, therefore, at one stroke, establishes Christianity as the national religion, because it declares that every State shall maintain the principles of the Christian religion in the public schools, and the Nation is pledged to see that this is done. Therefore there must be a national decision of some kind declaring just what are the principles of the Christian religion. Then when that decision shall have been made, every State will have to receive from the Nation just those principles of religion which the Nation shall have declared to be the principles of the Christian religion, and which the Nation will have pledged itself shall be taught in the- schools of every State. In other words, the people of the United States will then have to receive their re-ligion from the Government of the United States, and no longer from the Bible, as their own con-science, enlightened by the Spirit of God, may dictate. Therefore, if Senator Blair's proposed amendment to the National Constitution does not provide for the establishment and maintenance of a national religion, then no religion was ever established or maintained. But how shall the national decision be made as to what are the principles of the Christian re- ligion? It will follow inevitably that there shall be officially called a national council of the churches to decide what are the principles com-mon to all, and to establish a national creed, which shall be enforced and inculcated by national power in all the public schools in the United States. And that will be the establishment of a national religion. And that is exactly what Senator Blair's constitutional amendment assures, so surely as it or anything similar to it shall ever be adopted. Another important consideration is this: Under this amendment the teachers in the public schools will have to inculcate the principles of the Christian religion. Who are to compose the examining board that shall pass upon the quali-fication and orthodoxy of the teachers? As-suredly none but the leading theologians in the churches. This will require that such a board shall be statedly convened to deal out what shall have been decided by each successive council to be the principles of the Christian religion. It was in this way precisely that the thing was worked in the fourth century and onward. Con-stantine made Christianity the recognized religion of the Roman Empire. Then it became at once necessary that there should be the imperial de-cision as to what form of Christianity should be the imperial religion. To effect this an imperial council was necessary to formulate that phase of Christianity which was common to all. The Council of Nice was con-vened by imperial command, and an imperial creed was established, which was enforced by im-perial power. That establishment of an imperial religion ended only in the imperious despotism of the Papacy. As surely as the complete establish-ment of the Papacy followed and grew out of that imperial recognition of Christianity in the fourth century, just so surely will the complete establish-ment of a religious despotism after the living likeness of the Papacy, follow and grow out of this national recognition of Christianity provided for in the constitutional amendment proposed by Senator Blair. Un-American and Unbearable Pre-sumption. AT the hearing before the United States Senate Committee on the National Sunday law, the basis of Sunday observance and Sunday laws was revealed by Dr. Herrick Johnson, as fol-lows Mr. Johnson This appointment of one day in seven is arbitrary. There is nothing in nature to indicate that division of time. There is the day of twenty-four hours, there is the month, there is the year, all these are natural divisions ; but there is nothing in nature to indicate the weekly division, the observance of one day in seven. It is arbitrary, and we regard that as an evidence of its divine origin." The ChairmanŠ" How do you base the Sabbath itself upon a divine ordinance when there is no natural law to indicate which is to be observed ? " Mr. JohnsonŠ"It is in revelation, and it is bound to be exactly in accord with the laws of nature." The ChairmanŠ"You base the law of one day's rest in seven upon revelation ; that is to say, upon the Bible?" Mr. JohnsonŠ" Yes, sir." The ChairmanŠ"There are many who doubt that it is established by revelation, are there not?" Mr. lohnson--" I think no one who accepts  the Bible doubts that there is one day in seven to be observed as a day of rest." The ChairmanŠ" Will you just state the authority ?" Mr. JohnsonŠ" Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work." The ChairmanŠ" Is there any other ?" Mr. JohnsonŠ"There are references to this law all through the Bible." The ChairmanŠ"Now you come and change that Sabbath-day to which the Lord there re-fers." Mr. JohnsonŠ" That we hold was changed by himself." The ChairmanŠ" When did he do that? and by what language ?" Mr. JohnsonŠ" There was a meeting for wor-ship on the first day of the week, the day the Lord arose, and seven days after there was another meeting for the same purpose, and then it is re-ferred to as the Lord's day." The ChairmanŠ"After the change?" Mr. Johnson Š" Yes, sir; after the change." The ChairmanŠ" It is based, then, upon two or three days being observed as days of religious worship after the resurrection? " Mr. JohnsonŠ" Yes, sir." Could anything be more presumptuous than is this scheme of the preachers, in demanding that the national Legislature shall frame into law and enforce upon all the people, such baseless assump-tion as the Sunday theory is shown by their own words to bei? The- Constitution in Harmony with Christian Principles. THE various associations which are making a specialty of badgering Congress for a religious amendment to the National Constitution, do so on the assumption that the United States is a Chris-tian Nation and should have a Christian Consti-tution. If these parties were actuated in their work by " the principles of the Christian relig-ion," which they so loudly profess to have at heart, and only desired that Christianity have free course in the land, they would realize that the Constitution is already adapted to that end. It could not be bettered in that respect were such a result the main object of its existence. The principles of Christianity are thus laid down by Christ himself : " Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them." He did not apply this merely to secular affairs; he was a religious teacher, and was im-parting a religious lesson when he uttered those words. If this language means anything, it means that if ye would that men should allow you freedom in the exercise of your religious views, you must allow them the same. And this is just what the Constitution of the United States, as it stands, is intended to do,Šallow everyone perfect liberty of conscience in the matter of religion. All that Christianity asks of any Government is equality before the law. This much, Chris-tianity is always willing that others should have. Whatever element in society would ask more, or seek to grant less, is unchristian. Any Govern-ment that will give one class of citizens the privilege of exacting more of another class than they are willing to give in return, could not fairly claim to be Christian ; it would be a despotism, and Christianity is in no sense despotic. Christ never 