FEBRUARY 13, 1896. A.MIndEt I C.A.N 1N riFTNIEIL, 51 of the C aistian sentiments of the p3ople. He ought to have argued that such an inter- protation was not admissible because of the fa;t that the C mstitation, recognizing the in-ationi,i)le rig a 4 every man t l fre ply practice whatever religion his mind accepted, forbade Congress to make any " law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The Constitution of the United States if adopted by China ought to safeguard in that land every right which it defines and guaran-tees in this country. To forbid a church or churches to secure pastors wherever they saw fit would be to prohibit " the free exercise of religion," and would be just as violative of the Constitution, just as much beyond the legitimate power of Congress, in the case of a pagan priest as of a Christian minister. But to say the very least, Justice Brewer's line of argument necessarily suggests the thought that had the prevailing religion of the country been pagan, or Jewish, instead of Christian, that interpretation by which it was sought to exclude a Christian minister might have been sustained! It matters not that Justice Brewer differ-entiates between the people and the nation, and meant only, that owing to the Christian sentiment of the people the court could not suppose that Congress intended to enact legis-lation hostile to Christianity. The Constitu-tion was designed as a check upon the very sentiment which Justice Brewer thus in effect assumes is supreme. Under the Constitution as our fathers made i't, religious sentiment can never be crystallized into law in this country; but that is the very thing that Justice Brewer's line of argument would in-vite and justify; for it necessarily follows, if his reasoning be correct, that the religious sentiment of the people, and not the Consti-tution is the supreme law of the land; or, in other words, that that instrument must be in-terpreted not by natural, inalienable rights, not by the principles of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, but by religious sentiment; and that that sentiment being Christian the supreme law must be Christian! The further conclusion is unavoidable, that if that sentiment were to change, if the people were to become pa-gans. the supreme law would become pagan, and Christian ministers might then be excluded without an iota of change in the written Constitution! The truth is that the whole thought under-lying Justice Brewer's Christian-nation ar-gument is wrong, and is not made one whit better by the fact that the particular words in question are " obiter dictum, having no judi-cial force whatever. " SOME AMERICAN " LAW." A GENTLEMAN in this city obtained a ver-dict of six cents, recently, from a jury in the Supreme Court of this State against the Third Avenue Railroad Company, for the death of his two-year-old daughter. The attorney for the defendants, in speaking of the verdict, said:Š There have been several such cases in other States. Six cents seems a small sum for the life of a child, but it must be remembered that there are many chances against a two-year-old child, especially a female, being of any value, commercially speaking. She may die or be deformed or be rendered helpless in a thousand ways. All those things must be taken into consideration, and they evidently were considered by the jury. The lawyer stated correctly the principles governing such cases. The pain and shock to the parents cannot be legally considered.  Damages must be assessed only on the proved probable money value of the life. If however a man is subject to intense physical suffering he can recover damŁ1,4es for it. But the law provides ftr nothing of the kind in such cases ,as the one in question. As bet ore stated, tile only thing to be considered is the value of the life in dollars and cents. The law does not undertake to guard the feelings in such cases, or to compensate anybody for sustaining such a mental shock as is incident to the death of a loved one under such circum-stances. Bat the " law" is not always thus unkind. Corporations cannot be made to pay for the rude shocks to which fond parents are sub-jected by the careless killing or maiming of their children; but in some States, at least, we find an attempt to guard by " law " the religious sensibilities of the people. In Ten-nessee, anything which is likely to shock the "moral sense of the community" is punish-able as a nuisance, and it is not even necessary to prove that anybody's feelings were really thus shocked. Even in the State of New York observers of the seventh day are only permitted to work on Sunday provided the labor is " done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons." Just how much or how little this means remahis for the courts to sty. But in view of the interpretation pat upon similar laws in other States, it would seem only rea-sonable to suppose that this provision refers not only to physical disturbance, but to men-tal annoyance, in which case the " law " cer-tainly guards religious sensibility more care-fully in some respects than it does parental affection, or even child life. MARYLAND HISTORY AND ROMAN CATHOLIC CLAIMS. CECIL CALVERT, the second Lord Baltimore and lord proprietary of Maryland, was a Ro-man Catholic, and for this reason Roman Catholics take great credit to themselves for what they call " the establishment of religious liberty in Maryland." The Monitor, of San Francisco, in its issue of Junuary 18, says:Š We were always inclined to believe that the early history of Catholic Maryland offers at the same time the most magnanimous example of Catholic tolerance and liberality and the most ungrateful specimen of anti Catholic bigotry. It will he remembered that when Calvert founded Maryland he threw open the colony to every sect and creed. The Puritan who fled from Virginian persecution found a welcome and secure home under the persecuted Baltimore. But when the royal house in England fell before the Covenanters the Puritans whom Calvert had sheltered turned on their host and established the reign of religious intolerance in his free colony. Baltimore reestablished his authority and his first deedŠthe most glorious in our historyŠwas to pass the famous act of religious toleration. The fact is, as we have repeatedly shown, that the circumstances were such that Lord Baltimore could not do otherwise than to grant a good degree of religious toleration in his colony. England was at that time " Protestant" and Maryland was not settled by Roman Catholics but very largely by Protestants. Of the landing of the first emigrants Ban-croft says:- -Cron the 27th {of March, 1634], the emigrants, of whom at least three parts of four were Protestants, took quiet posession of the land which the governor had bought. 1  It is probable that the relative proportion of Catholics and Protestants in Maryland re- 1  " History of the United States," Vol. I, Part I, chap. 10, p. 161. mained about the same, and though the government was in the hands of the lord pro-prietary, who was a Catholic, it would have been quite impossible for him, even had he desirod to do so. to have denied toleration to SO large a m_bjority of his sub;ects. Again Bancroft says:Š In the mixed population of Maryland, where the administration was in the hands of Catholics, and the great majority of the people were Protestants, there was no unanimity of sentiment out of which a domestic constitution could have harmoniously risen.' This was about the time of the conflict in England between the Parliament and Charles I., and Lord Baltimore had to look well to his rights in order to retain any authority at all. Leonard Calvert, the proprietary's deputy, went to England in 1643 to consult with his brother, Lord Baltimore, about affairs of the colony. Claybourne was claim-ing Kent Island, and the Presbyterians, Episcopalians, and Puritans, who formed a large proportion of Lord Baltimore's subjects, were restless under the authority of a Cath-olic, and were desirous of establishing Pro-testantism, so-called, as the religion of the colony. In 1645,  a petition was presented to the House of Lords, asking that the government of Maryland might be settled in the hands of Protestants. For some reason this petition was not acted upon, and "the politic Lord Baltimore," says Bancroft, " had ample time to prepare his own remedies. To appease Parliament, he removed Greene [the Roman Catholic Governor], and in August, 1648, appointed in his place Wm. Stone, a Protest-ant of the Church of England. "' It was in April of the following year that the act establishing religious toleration, was passed. Bancroft says: "To quiet and unite the colony, all the offenses of the late re-bellion were effaced by a general amnesty ; and, at the instance of the Catholic proprie-tary, the Protestant governor, Stone, and his council of six, composed equally of Catholics and Protestants, and the representatives of the people of Maryland, of whom [only] five were Catholics, at a general session of the assembly held in April, 1649, placed upon their statute books"' this act of toleration. We do not deny that Lord Baltimore was a liberal minded man, or that he entertained charitable feelings toward Protestants. But even had such not been the case, his environ-ment and the circumstances under which he received and held his charter were such that he could not well have taken any other course than that which he did take in granting to his subjects religious toleration. England was "Protestant" and the charter granted Lord Baltimore by Charles I., established in effect the Anglican Church as the church of Maryland. It gave the lord proprietary authority to found "churches and chapels, and places of worship in convenient and suit-able places within the premises; and of causing the same to be dedicated and con-secrated, according to the ecclesiastical laws of our kingdom of England."' It will be seen at once that it was quite out of the question for Lord Baltimore to estab-lish the Catholic religion in Maryland; he did the only thing that was possible for him to do under the circumstances to secure even tolera-tion for those of his own faith: he established religious toleration for all who professed faith in Christ; and the fact that representative Catholics appeal to the history of Maryland, 2  Id. page 166. Id. page 167. 4  Id. page 168. 5  "' Federal and State Constitutions, Colonial Charters, and other Organic Laws of the United States," compiled under the order of the United States Senate, by Ben: Perley Poore, p. 812. 