E AMERICAN SENTINEL. the bayonet, and the bullet, has become very common among the most prominent of those who are accepted as the leaders of religious and moral reform in this country. Such suggestions of violence as these, amounting almost to approval, are certainly not in harmony with the com-mand of the Master to Peter, " Put up again thy sword into his place, for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Such utterances upon the sub-ject of civil and religious liberty as this of Dr. Talmage, and that of Rev. Ezra Tinker, quoted elsewhere, are examples either of unexpected ignorance from such sources, or of willful blindness. The language of violence in which they indulge is utterly without excuse. It is the open expression of anarchism and ought to meet with the same public condemnation as the inflam-matory incitement to violence of the Chicago " Reds." W. H. NI. Church and State. "THE Prohibition Party, in National Convention assembled, acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all power in government, do hereby declare," etc.ŠPreamble, National Prohibition Platform. " As American citizens we respectfully ask you to place in your platform a clear, full recognition of these two great truths, namely, that our Lord Jesus Christ is the sovereign Ruler of our Nation, and that his moral law is the rule of all our con-duct in civil and political affairs."ŠNa-tional Reform Petition to the Conventions of all Political Parties. Does this indicate the sober sentiment of a nineteenth century people that have descended from forefathers who lived and died to found " a State without a king " or religious head ? If they do, it will cer-tainly not be an excess of patriotism to see how far we have drifted from their teaching. Of course everybody knows that they had pronounced views on the total separa-tion of Church and State. We fancy that we are true to that principle while many of us are zealously working to mix reli-gion into government. Washington, the "father of his country," said: "Every man who conducts himself as a good citi-zen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should' be protected in worshiping God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience." Madison, the "father of the Constitution," said: " Religion is not in the purview of hu-man government. Religion is essentially distinct from government, and exempt from its cognizance. A connection be-tween them is injurious to both." "We are teaching the world that governments do better without kings than with them. The merit will be doubled by thQ other lesson: that religion flourishes in greater purity without, than with, the aid of government." Jefferson, the author of the Declaration of Independence, said in the Virginia Assembly in 1785: " Almighty God hath created the mind free; all at-tempts to influence it by temporal pun-ishments and burdens, or by civil inca-paciations tend only to beget habits of hy-pocrisy and meanness." We all know, too, that the Constitution provides that " Congress shall pass no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." And as if to make it forever certain that not even Christianity should be entitled to recog-nition as a fundamental principle of our civil laws, Washington's treaty with TripoliŠwhich like all other treaties is declared by the Constitution to be part of the supreme law of the landŠexpressly says: "The Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion. Our fathers meant to be understood em-phatically that this is a civil government. But they were hampered by many diffi-culties. Only by the most earnest per-suasion did the Colonies finally adopt the Constitution. Its framers did not dare to put into it a prohibition upon the States, forbidding them to establish State reli-gions; because almost every one had been founded by the followers of some sect. The result was, and is, that the old Church-and-State "Blue Laws" still re-main on the statute books of some of the States. In the District of Columbia, in the year of grace 1891, there is in force (lacking only the execution) an unrepealed law, enacted in 1723, which provides that " any person who shall wittingly, mali-ciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme or curse God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, orŁ the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the Holy Trinity, . . . shall be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds ster-ling . . . and in case the said fine cannot be levied, the offender shall suffer six months' imprisonment without bail; . Ł . for the second offense, the offender . . . shall be stigmatized by branding in the forehead the letter B and fined forty pounds sterling . . . and in case the same can not be levied, the offender shall suffer twelve months' imprisonment with-out bail. . . . and for the third offense, the offender . . . shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy." Were such a thing to be read about as a law of the Dark Ages we would doubt-less thank our fortune that we had lived to see better days; yet familiarity with our modern religious liberties has in a measure dulled -our once keen sense of their inestimable value. Our initial quotations show a tendency to the theory that the government is " a moral person " accountable to God for its own and its subjects' sins. And so we hear ardent " Reformers " protesting against " that old Philadelphia lie," that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." Ac-cording to this teaching the State is the parent of the people, and irresponsible to them. A co-operation of some religious associations of our country is working indefatigably to induce Congress to com-mit itself to the policy of legislation on religious matters, which movement, so repugnant to the original principles of our American political system, is trying to work itself gradually and seductively into popularity. The movement origi-nated in a great religious convention held in Ohio during the most critical period of our civil war, to determine for what great national sins our beloved country was being so grievously punished. This congress finally resolved itself into a political organ-ization called "The National Reform Asso-ciation." Their avowed object then and now is "to secure such an amendment to the Federal Constitution as shall . . . place all the Christian usages, laws, and institu-tions of the Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." And this body with its auxiliary associations is unalterably pledged to the accomplishment of its purposes. This movement was fathered, not by Romanism, but by a professedly Protes-tant denomination. By the admission of one of their most prominent members, " National Reform is simply the practical application of the principles of the Re-formed Presbyterian Church for the ref-ormation of the Nation." (The italics are his own.) And this menace to Amer-ican liberty is the more dangerous in that it comes from within, not from without, and from a people who are voluntary po-litical aliens. One of the cardinal princi-ples of this church is that no member shall vote in this country until God shall be specifically recognized in the Constitu-tion as the source of all authority in gov-ernment. It was this denomination that on the 10th of June last, at Pittsburg, by a vote in its national Synod of ninety-five to thirty-seven, expelled five of its lead-ing young ministers for heresy, because they taught, and practiced, the elective franchise of American citizens. All this ought to mean that it is time for every lover of American liberties to examine his own opinions on the subject of the political recognition of the Deity in any way; and to resolve that he will give no support or sympathy to any movement whose logical significance is to make our Government a' despotism of the majorityŠby legal enactment and process to make the individual either a hypocrite or a martyr. ŠFrank W. Howe, in Port-land Herald. THE Saviour of souls sent fishermen, not soldiers, to preach his faith. What must that man think of God who defends him with outward violence ?ŠGaudentius. 