60 AMERICAN SENTINEL. one, and Congress will be led to suppose that all the people of the District are in favor of the passage of the Sunday Bill. Dr. H. H. George, representing another wing of the National Reform Party, laboring in the interest of the God-in-the-Constitution resolution, is here also; and Con-gress will no doubt be treated to more wisdom along the line of last year's contention before the. Judiciary Com-mittee of the House, i. e., that there must be' a national conscience on all moral questions, and the individual conscience must yield to that of the nation. And while the individual would have to depend, on the nation for his conscience, we should still have "no union of Church and State" ! Certainly this is as extraordinary as the plan of petitioning in the other wing of the party. The Christian lobbyists,  are capable of great things. Religious Liberty in North Carolina. IN the North Carolina Declaration of Rights, Sec. 1, it is declared that "All men are created equal," and are "endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights" as "life, liberty, the pursuits of happiness, and the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor." Sec. 26 declares that "all men have a natural and unalien-able right to worship God according to the dictates of 'their own consciences, and no human authority should in any case whatever, control or interfere With the rights of conscience." This, then, leaves to each person the right to follow his own conscience in his relation to his Creator, and al-lows the civil government the right to regilate only man's relation to his fellowmen. This is not toleration merely. It asserts as unalienable the rights of men to worship, and at the same time to enjoy the fruits of their own laborŠnot of five-sixths only, but of all their laborŁ. In other words, it declares that 'every man has an unalienable right to work all of the tithe his own conscience permits him, and that "no human authority should, in any case whatever, control or interfere with it. Now there are in North Carolina, as well , as in all other States of this Union. evangelical Christians, as well as Jews, whose consciences lead them to keep as holy time the seventh day of the weekŠSaturday: and hence to work the other six, including Sunday, the first day of the week. In harmony with the said Declaration of Rights of North Carolina, and in harmony with the Sacred Scriptures, no human authority has any right to interfere with them in this, "in any case whatever." But Sec. 3782 of the Code (Vol. II., p. 573) does inter-fere and forbid every man exercising that right under a penalty of one dollar for each offense. Thus conscien-tious, law-abiding citizens are left the choice of losing one-sixth of the fruits of their labor, or being considered criminals in the eyes of this law. Are men enjoying the guaranties of the Constitution while being branded as  criminals by the statutes of the State? In other words, Is the Constitution to be made void by the statutes of the State? . Many of the best people of the State often express with great fervor the sentiment of "equal rights to all men and special favors to none;" yet there stands this law forbidding equal rights to all men and granting spe-cial favors to some. There it has stood since 1641, an unrepealed part of the Church and State system of colo-nial days; and can be used to bring unjust pressure upon one class of citizens to force them to conform to the wishes of another class. It can be used as a tool for per-secution, as similar laws have been, and even now are being, used in other States and other countries. How long shall it stand thus a menace to liberty in our State? It menaces not only the liberties of the man who observes the seventh day, but it restricts the liberty of every other man, by demanding the homage due only to God. It says to every man in North Carolina, You have no right to act for yourself in this matter; you must. rest on Sunday whether you believe it is right or wrong. You have no right to change your practice even Ł though you in all sincerity change your conscientious convictions. He who does not now protest against this usurpa-tion of authority, cannot be consistent in protesting, should the authority to make laws fall into the hands of Roman Catholics or infidels or any other class, and they make laws which conflict with his conscience. [t is not impossible that such a change may occur. It is not equal rights to all men to permit one class six or seven days a week in which to earn a livelihood, and say to those of another faith, You can have only five. Again, by the Word of God, the observer of the seventh day knows it wrong to pay the same respect to the first day of the week that he does to the seventh.. Hence compulsion here is a restriction of conscience. Will not the good people of North Carolina, in plain right and simple justice: demand the repeal of this unjust law? Will not the men now assembled in the legislature rise up as one man and wipe forever from the statute books of the State everything contrary to its Consti-tution and "Bill of Rights" which they are pledged by— their oath to maintain? If not, why not? A CITIZEN. Raleigh, N. C., Jan. 11, 1897. Ina lecture in this city Sunday, January 3, on. "America's Debt to the Catholic Church," Mr. Henry Austin Adams said'that "The history of the crew which. sailed With Colunibus in the Santa Maria shows that a man named Patricius McGuirio stood in the bow of the boat that first touched the shore Of the New World, and that in the stern, as tillerman, sat one Giovani Moranio. These men were the first to jump from the boat to the shore. Their names, Anglicized, were Patrick McGuire and John Moran. "And the McGuires and the Morans have been here ) ) 