242 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. place of God, and to decide the things of God for all the people. The attitude assumed by the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, therefore, in which is denied the principles of the divine right, and the infallibility, of office, is the cor-rect attitude. Its refusal to assume a power that by no possible means can be-long to it, is altogether to its everlasting honor; and that it was done in the face of precedents, even though the precedents might have been much more numerous, is just so much more to the honor of the Court. To have followed the precedents of the five States referred to by Mr. McAtee, would have been only to follow precedents that are essentially wicked, because those precedents themselves follow other prece-dents which are an essential part of the Papal system of Church and State, which is the very " mystery of iniquity." This in fact is virtually confessed by McAtee, in another place. On page sixty, he says :Š The very fact that it is without precedent in all history, is enough to startle the most indifferent. No other State in Christendom has ever dispensed with the Christian Scriptures in its educational sys-tem, much less in its penal, reformatory and chari-table institutions. Suppose it be so, that does not prove the decision to be wrong; because the same precedent which proves that no other State in Christendom has ever dispensed with this, will likewise prove that no other State has dispensed with an established religion, with injustice to its people in religious things, or with persecution for conscience' / sake. And these we all know are wrong. In short, the only way that the Court could be right in this, was to act contrary to all the precedents of Christendom and of history. And the safest thing for Wis-consin or any other State to do in this line, is always to go directly contrary to the precedents of Christendom and of all his-tory. But the idea that any court should decide any case upon the merit of prec-edents is just as far wrong as is the claim that a fallible court should assume the prerogative of infallibility, or that a power, that is merely the collective, repre-sentative will of the people, should assume to act by divine right. A court that de-cides any case upon precedent ceases to be a court of justice, in any true sense of the word, for that is simply to abdicate its own functions and its own reason as a court, and pass off upon the people the will of some other court, chosen by some other people and representing the will of an entirely different class from those who established the court. For any court of justice, or any lawyer, or any man, to al-. low his honest convictions to be swayed by precedent, is to deny himself; and when he does so in a representative capac-ity, it is to deny the people whom he represents. There is not a judicial crime, nor a form  of governmental oppression that might be committed, that has not abundant prece-dent. There is not a step that has ever been taken in human progress that has not had to be taken against universal prece-dent. As a guide in human conduct, it is principle and not precedent that should be followed. The question can never be rightly asked in any such case, " What has been done ?" but in every such case the question must be, " What ought to be done ?" To rest upon what has been done, is precedent; and that is stagnation. To inquire what ought to be done, is principle; and that is progress. We have not space to enlarge more at this time upon this point, we only say, precedent lawyers, precedent judges, and precedent courts are the bane of States and nations. And precedent preachers are the bane of the human race. A. T. J. Civil Government and the Divine Law. THE National Reform theory is that civil government is not a voluntary asso-ciation, but a divine institution, and that it is clothed with authority and power that transcend all human institutions. Its design, they assert, is not the securing of human rights, but the suppression of wrong and promulgation of good. " Civil government," says Rev. Foster, one of the National Reform secretaries, " is the keeper of both tables of the law. " We have often shown in these columns that the theory that the State, or civil govern-ment, is the keeper of the law of God or of any part of it, is most mischievous, for the reason that it makes men judges of that law, and destroys direct individual account-ability to God. If God has made the State the custodian of his law, he has also made it the interpreter and expounder of his law, and it is the duty of the people to rec6ive the law from the State. This is substantially the claim made by the Papal Church, a claim which Protestants hold to be blasphemous. But if it be blas-phemy when made by a church, is it not even more so when made in behalf of the State ? But, perhaps, for the purpose of this article, the proposition thatr  civil govern-ment is the keeper of the divine law will be best examined in the light of the more explicit statement made by Mr. Foster, namely, that "the State is the keeper of the second commandment, and should pro-hibit idolatry either on the part of the Chinaman or Romanist " Now if the proposition be correct that the State is the keeper of the divine law, the conclu-sion that it is in duty bound to enforce that law cannot be avoided. But let us exam-ine this a little and see how it would work. Passing by all Chinamen as idolaters of the most gross sort, we will apply this rule to the Romanist. Mr. Foster, who  is, we must not forget, a representative National Reformer, says, that the State should prohibit idolatry on the part of the Romanist. But the Romanist denies that he is an idolater. He will admit that he bows to pictures and images, but will stoutly assert that they are simply sym-bols of the Unseen, to which his worship is in reality directed, and that the image or picture is only for the purpose of as-sisting his faith. It is true that, as Prot-estants, we call that idolatry, and such it is; but covetousness is also idolatry (Col. 3: 5), and is just as truly a transgression of the divine law as are the more gross forms of idolatry. Shall we then punish covetousness ? But it may be said that the law can only take cognizance of the outward acts, and that while it may punish a man for bowing down before an image, it cannot punish him for the thoughts and intents of the heart, because man cannot deter-mine, the thoughts of the heart. But if the State is the keeper of the law, and is to enforce the law as the law of God, where or how shall we draw the line ? Is it not as certain that the man, who shows by his every-day life that he is covetous, is a violator of the divine law, as it is that the man, who prays to a picture of the Virgin Mary, is an idolater ? It may even be the case, and it is often true, that such an one is in every way a better citizen, a better neighbor, and a better man, than the one who is covetous. Moreover, it is just as easy to demonstrate to the satisfaction of an impartial person that the one is an idolater, as it is to show that the other is an idolater. The occa-sional act of the one shows that he is guilty of violating the second command-ment, while the whole life of the other, his every business transaction, all his dealings with his neighbors, show con-clusively that he violates the same com-mandment. Shall the law lay its hand upon the one, and spare the other ?ŠCertainly not. Properly speaking, the State is not the keeper of the law. There is no part of the law of God which can be enforced as such, by civil government. For instance, it is within the physical power, though not within the proper sphere .of govern-ment, to compel its citizens to refrain from ordinary labor upon Sunday, or on any other day of the week that it may see fit, but it is not within the power of any government to compel its citizens to obey the fourth commandment. That com-mandment says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ; " and simply resting from labor is by no means all that is re-quired in that commandment. According to Isa. 58: 13, true Sabbath keeping is not only to refrain from labor on the Sabbath, but to " call the Sabbath a delight, the holy o C the Lord, honorable." And this, civil government cannot compel; therefore, 