290 A.IVEML-Cll CAIN.  siEdNinoIN-mr_,. VOL. 8. No. 37. bring about the fusion of all the heterogeneous elements in one homogeneous and indissoluble Nation. . . . It is for this reason that the Pope wants the Catholics to prove themselves the most enlightened and most devoted workers for national unity and political assimilation. . . . America feels the need of this work of internal fusion. . Ł . What the Church has done in the past for others, she will do for the United States. . . . That 'is the reason the Holy See encourages the American clergy to guard jealously the solidarity, and to labor for the fusion of all the foreign and heterogeneous elements into one vast national family. . . Finally, Leo XIII. desires to see strength in that unity. Like all intuitive souls, he hails in the united American States and in their young and flourishing Church, the source of new life for Europeans. He wants America to be powerful, in, order that Europe may regain strength from borrowing a rejuvenated type. Europe is closely watching the United States. . . . Henceforth we [Europeans] will need authors who will place themselves on this ground: " What can we borrow and what ought we to borrow from the United States for our social, political, and ecclesiastical reorganization 8 The answer depends in a great measure upon the development of American des-tinies. If the United States succeed in solving the many problems that puzzle us, Europe will follow their example, and this outpouring of light will mark a date in the history not only of the United States, BUT OF ALL HUMANITY. . . That is why the holy father, anxious for peace and strength, collaborates with passion in the work of consolidation and development in American affairs. According to him, the Church ought to be the chosen crucible for the moulding and absorp-tion of races into one- united family. And that, especially, is the reason why he labors at the codi-fication of ecclesiastical affairs, in order that this distant member. of Christianity may infuse new blood into the old organism. Now, until the year 1892, what could any nation have possibly borrowed from the United States for "ecclesiastical re-organization " ? Nothing. Until that year the Constitution was avowedly against the United States Government even in any way having anything to do with any ecclesiastical matter. That year, how-ever, February 29, the Supreme Judicial branch of the Government unanimously decided and declared that " This is a Christian Nation," and that this is the meaning of THE CONSTITUTION. This was at one stroke to subvert the Constitution and the principles of the Government as established by those who made the Gov-ernment and the Constitution. Then this was followed at once by the professed Protestant churches of the country in demanding national legislation declaring Sunday to be the Christian Sabbath, and requiring its observance, because this is a Christian Nation. The success of this committed the legislative branch of the Government to the subversion of the prin-ciples upon which the Government was founded. And when President Harrison approved and signed this legislation, this committed the Executive branch of the government to the subversion of the prin-ciples of the Government as established. And thus in the year 1892, in the whole Government of" the United StatesŠin its legislative, judicial and executive branchesŠwere the principles of the Gov-ernment, as established by the makers of the Government, subverted, and the prin-ciples of Rome adopted instead. And then-  it was, and not till then, that Rome could propound for Europeans the impor-tant inquiry, " What can we borrow and what ought we to borrow from the United States for our . . . ecclesiastical re-organization?" And just then, it was too ŠJuly 11Šthat this important inquiry was openly propounded in the United States. Was this merely a coincidence ?Šnay, was it not rather an intentional and definite action, taken at that time, upon these proceedings of the Government and  churches of the United States which so entirely accomplished her long desired purposeŠthe subversion of the principles of the United States Government as estab-lished by our fathers ? AGAIN we say that, with sorrow Rome has seen all the nations steadily drawn away from her by the bright example of the separation of Church and State and complete religious liberty in the United States Government, assured in the national Constitution, the supreme law, and the fundamental principles of the Nation. Seeing this, she knew that if she would recover her loss, and regain her influence over the nations, she must draw this Na-tion into her toils. If she could succeed in this, and get the divine principle of this Nation subverted and its influence re-versed, she knew that the influence of this Nation would be as strong to draw the na-tions back to her as it had been to draw them away from her. And so it has been with the most greedy satisfaction that she has seen the professed Protestant churches in the United States, steadily playing into her hands by their amazing blindness in calling for the legal recognition of religion and the legal enforcement of religious ob-servances. And when at last she saw "the Christian religion" legally recog-nized, and this Nation plainly declared to be " a Christian Nation " by the unani-mous decision of the Supreme Court, and supported in argument by that court, by the citation of Catholic documents; and when she saw the professed Protestant churches joining hands with herself, and by threats requiring Congress to recognize and fix in the national legislation her own chief, sacred day, the very sign of her au-thorityŠwhen she saw all this, and knew that it gave her her longed-for opportunity and advantage, she instantly grasped it with all her might; at once publicly an-nounced to the people of the United States and the world her scheme and her purpose for the United States and for the world; and followed this up immediately by sending over Archbishop Satolli and es-tablishing him here as "permanent apos-tolic delegate "Šthe Pope's personal repro-sentative,Što carry out by his immediate and active presence, the scheme and pur-pose of Leo XIII. as announced. AND this is exactly what Satolli is here for. It has been so announced in print, more than once, since he came over. And there is not the least doubt that what the church has done for other nations in the past she will now do for the United States. She has been the continual curse and the final ruin of nations in the past. And she will do that now to the United States, and to the other nations, by the restoration of her power which she gains through the subversion of the divine prin-ciple of the Government of the United States. And the chief hand in, it all will have been that of the apostate Protestants of the United States, who have sold this Nation into Rome's ruinous hands. Leo's scheme so far as the United States is concerned has succeeded. And that scheme as it relates to Europe and "all humanity " will certainly succeed. All the nations will now be drawn back under the influence, and to the support, of the Papacy. This we know, not only from the history and the nature of things, but also from the sure Word of God. For it is written: " All that dwell on the earth shall worship him [the beast, the Papacy]  whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb." Rev. 13 : 8. And again it is written : " The same horn [power, the Papacy] made war with the saints and prevailed against them; until the Ancient of Days came and judgment was given to the saints of the Most High ; and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom." Dan. 7 : 21, 22. For a long time Rome has not had power to persecute, to make war against, the people of the .Lord. The Scripture plainly declares that she will have and will use such power against them until the day that they enter into the kingdom of the Lord. This in itself shows that power is regained by her. And as the only thing that she ever wants with power is to compel all to worship at her bidding, or to persecute to the death all who will not, these two texts together show that her power will yet be universal over all, and all will obey her, whose names are not in the book of life of the Lamb. AGAIN it is written of her : " She saith in her heart, I sit a queen and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." Rev. 18:7. There was a time when she could say this; there was a time when so far from being a widow every kingdom and nation of Europe was united to her and living in adulterous connection with her. She had as many husbands as there were kingdoms and nations. The Reformation came and separated some from her. Political vicis-situdes of one kind and another separated, one after another, all the rest from her, until 1870 when Victor Emanuel com-pletely widowed her by taking Rome and her temporalities, and separating the last kingdom from her. Since that time she has been a widow and has seen sorrow. She has mourned most dismally, and has lost no opportunity to spread her plaint before all the world. She does not sit as a queen; she is a widow, she has no hus-band at all; and she is exceedingly sorry that she is not living in constant adultery with the kingdoms and nations of the earth. BUT the time does come again when she "glorifies herself and lives deliciously," and joyously exclaims, "I sit a queen and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." And at that very time the kingdoms of the earth are committing fornication and living deliciously with her. Rev. 18: 7, 9. This shows conclusively that her scheme of drawing back the nations to her will succeed. Once more she will have all the kingdoms and nations for her husbands and will truly sit as a queen and be no widow, and will exultantly congratulate herself upon it. And then what ? It is written : " Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death and mourning and famine, and she shall be utterly burned with fire : for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." Rev. 18 : 8. " That wicked, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and destroy with the brightness of his coming." 2 Thess. 2: 8. And this is the end of the course of events which have been begun by this action of the churches and Government of the United States in subverting the principles upon which the Government was founded and going back to the principles of the Papacy. Henceforth evil will go forth from nation to nation such as has never been since there was a nation, which will plunge the whole world into irretrievable and final ruin. Henceforth God hath a 