" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST, 1888. NUMBER 8. °12e An2eDical? Ser21Nel. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, A.LONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. 'J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. Entered at the Post-eice in Oakland. National Reform in the South. IN the late National Reform Convention, the reports from the South showed that the South is '" solid " for National Reform, as well as in some other respects. One preacher said he had been preaching National Reform principles for twenty years. Another said he thought the South would lead in this " reform," and " it would be a shame to the South if it did not." While we are sure that it would be everything else but a shame to her if she did not, we must confess that it would be per-fectly in keeping with her efforts on more than one occasion in the past, if she should take a leading part in the National Reform move-ment. Twenty-seven years ago last spring the South started out in a scheme of " Na-tional Reform." That too was, in a measure, in —the direct line of what is now called the National Reform movement. The preamble of the Confederate Constitution, thus ordained and established, reads as follows:Š " We, the people of the Confederate States,each State acting in its sovereign and independent 'character, in order to form a permanent federal Government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterityŠinvoking the favor and guidance of Almighty GodŠordain and establish this Constitution of the Confederate States of America." That so far as it goes is strictly a National Reform Constitution. It contains the name of Almighty God. In it the people invoked "the favor and guidance of Almighty God." According to National Reform principles that Constitution was "imbued with a divine life," and the nation confederated under it should have lived forever. But it didn't live forever worth a cent. Nor will this coming National Reform government live forever any more than that one did. No, we do not doubt in the least that "the South will lead in this reform;" it is directly in her line of things. *I Ł  IT is not religion which we oppose but ir- religion; we are combatting not Christianity but'hyr;ocrisy, for enforced religion is noth-_ 7I)agOlk but e4forced hypocrisy.  A Calm View of National Reform. THE above heading exactly describes a Na-tional Reform sermon to which we listened Sunday forenoon, June 4. The sermon was delivered by Dr. J. L. McCartney, of Geneva College, Beaver Falls, Penn., a man who is a gentleman in every sense of the word, and with whom we formed a very pleasant ac-quaintance in the few interviews we had with him. We are the more pleased that we had the privilege of listening to his sermon, be-cause, while the Professor is a National Re-former by birth and education, as well as from principle, his presentation of the subject was a calm, dispassionate one, entirely free from that bigoted, boastful spirit so character-istic of those who make themselves (and Na-tional Reform) so conspicuous in the Christian Statesman. While Professor McCartney is not a professional exponent of National Reform, he is undoubtedly one of its best representa-tives. As a text for his discourse, and the warrant for the National Reform movement in the United States, the Professor read Deut. 17 :18, 19. That text reads as follows :Š "And it shall be, when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the-priests the Levites; and it shall be with him, and he shall read therein all the days of his life; that he may learn to fear the Lord his God, to keep all the words of this law and these statutes, to do them." As the reader will at once conclude, these verses are a part of the directions concerning the duty of the king of Israel. But before it can be decided whether or not they form a warrant for the National Reform movement in this country, we must know something of the context, and accordingly we quote verses 14 and 15 of the same chapter:Š " When thou art come into the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee, and shalt pos-sess it, and shalt dwell therein, and shalt say, I will set a king over me, like as all the na-tions that are about me; thou shalt in any wise set him over thee, whom the Lord thy God shall choose; one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee; thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother." The statement, "Thou, shalt in any wise set him over thee, whom the Lord thy God shall choose," takes the text away from the National Reformers, by showing that there is no analogy between the nation of Israel and the United States of America. That nation was under  the direct supervision and leadership of God. It never was a democracy in any sense of the word. The Lord himself selected the family which should furnish the priests; with his own voice he called Moses, who was leader of the people for forty years; and he also desig-nated Joshua as his successor. The people had no voice in the matter. All they had to do was to render obedience to the commands of the leader whom God himself set over them. And so it was through the time of the judges. Although the Lord did not always select the ruler in the same way that he did Moses and Joshua, everybody who is ac-quainted with Jewish history knows that the people did not choose the one who was to judge them. The case of Gideon is a sample. He had been chosen by the Lord to deliver Israel from their oppressors. When the proper time came, the Spirit of the Lord came upon him, and he gave the people evidence that he was the one whom God had chosen, and they followed him. When the people became restless, and wanted a king, it was the Lord still who set the king over them. The people had nothing to do with the selection of their ruler. Now, unless the National Re-formers are willing to make the claim that this Government should be conducted on the same plan that the Government of Israel was, the people having no voice in the choice of their rulers, they have no right to use the in-structions given to Jewish rulers as a guide for the official conduct of the Governors of States, or the President of the United States. The Government of Israel was a true theoc-racy; a perfect union of Church and State; the Church and the State were one. National Reformers profess that they want nothing of the kind; we think, indeed, that none of them contemplate giving up the right of franchise, and having the Lord appoint the chief ruler of their country, without the ceremony of conventions and general elections. In fact, it is our firm opinion that the great majority of them would refuse to acknowledge such a ruler as the Lord would select. Then if they do not want such a state of things,Šif they really deprecate the idea of Church and State union,Šthey have no business to quote from the directions given to ancient Israel, as a precedent for their proposed changes in the Government of the United States. It matters not how much they try to make this Government correspond to that of ancient Israel, they can never make it actually a par-allel to that. In that Government God was the actual ruler; he chose that nation out of all the nations of earth, as'tlaq depotatoxy of EDITORS. 