gig.1NFJPIENET.,z Vol. 8. go. 0. ance at the World's Fair, it would do an equally wicked thing in voting that the Fair shall be kept open on that day. Al-though the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, it would be just as wicked for Congress to vote that the Fair shall be closed on Sabbath. The wickedness con-sists in the very fact of religious legisla-tion itself. Congress should do nothing. The directors should be left free tqwopen or close the Fair on Sunday, as they see fit, and people should be left free to attend or stay away, as they please." Are Sunday Laws Civil or Religious? THIS is a question which Sunday-law advocates seem to be unable to answer, that is, unanimously. Some say it is only a civil law that is wanted, to procure for the "poor workingman." a weekly rest- day. But in contradiction to this the Bap-tist Examiner, some time ago, said :Š When the Sunday holiday begins to nullify the Sunday rest-day, the State should interfere. That is, all should be compelled by law to keep Sunday as the Lord has com-manded that the Sabbath should be kept. None should be allowed to do as he pleases, but the State should tell him what to do. Would that be a civil law ? In the Congressional Record, of July 10, 1892, we find this :Š MR. QUAY. ŠOn pages 122, line 13, after the word " act," I move to insert: " And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath day." The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be read. The secretary will have the indness to read from the Book of Law I send to the desk the part inclosed in brackets. The "part inclosed in brackets," was the fourth commandment, which says:Š Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the-  sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh clay: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. Does that look as though it is only a civil law that is asked ? Congress, backed by the churches, has said the gates of the Exposition shall be closed on Sunday. Why ?ŠBecause the fourth command-ment says that no manner of work shall be done on the Sabbath. Sunday laws are asked for from a religious standpoint and not a civil. If it is for the benefit of the working-man that Sunday laws are asked, it is a wonder that so many of that class are pouring in petitions to Congress to have the gates of the Exposition opened on Sunday. The churches, it would seem, are doing something for the workingman that he does not require of them. But has Congress any right to close the gates of the Exposition on Sunday ? Has the Government any right to pass a law saying that because Sunday is the Sab-bath, and the Decalogue says that no manner of work shall be done on that day, therefore the gates shall be closed ? It has no right; for this is a religious ques-tion, and is beyond the jurisdiction of Congress. The First Amendment to the Constitution forbids it, which says :Š Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof. This amendment has been violated. Congress has taken upon itself to make a  law respecting an establishment of reli-gion, and now it may assume the right to dictate upon other religious questions. Where is free America ? Where is the land where every man is allowed his own choice in matters of religion ? Where is the land where those that are persecuted in other countries flee for protection ? Will they find refuge here ? Will they find this a "land of the free," where they will have the inalienable right to believe and act according to the dictates of their own consciences? I think not, for religious persecution has begun already, and the time will come when all must keep Sunday or be punished. The perse-cution in Tennessee is only a beginning of what is to follow. Speaking of religious legislation and of these persecutions, the Baptist Church Bulletin gives these suggestive words of warning :Š Let us be careful how we let in the camel's nose of religious legislation, lest the brute crowd his bulky form in and occupy the whole shop. If the law by which these men were legally imprisoned be a righteous law, then may any State, nation or country set up a religious creed and enforce it; then France treated properly the Huguenots ; Rus-sia the Jews; and early New England and Vir-ginia the Baptists and Quakers And indeed it will Aot be long before the " brute will crowd his bulky form in and occupy the whole shop." The first step has been taken; it will not end there. A. MALLETT. Speech of Thomas Morgan Before the House Committee on the World's Fair Sunday Opening Resolution. Mr. Chairman and members of the Committee: I am here not as an indi-vidual, but as the chairman of the spe-cial committee appointed by the Chi-cago Trade and Labor Assembly, to in-augurate a movement upon the part of working men to secure a repeal of the Act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday. In performing this work, which has been limited to the short space of about four weeks, we endeavored to secure, in addition to the authority vested in us by the organized labor of ChicagoŠthe city that will be affected possibly most by this action of CongressŠwe endeavored to secure the sentiments of our fellow-work-ers throughout the United States, so that we might come here empowered to speak, not alone for the laboring men of Chi-cago, but for the laboring men of the United States. We issued a call for expression, and in response we have received documents which will be presented for your consider-ation, by Mr. Askew, who will follow me, and who will present the figures in round numbers. I might state that we have re-ceived responses from three hundred and seventy-five labor organizations, coming from every town and city in the United States in which there is sufficient indus-try carried <r: to promote or encourage the organization of a body of workmen; and up to date it covers thirty-three of the States of this Union. And only to-day I received a telegram that thirty-three petitions were received yesterday, person-ally directed to congressmen, who will have to settle this matter. All these pe-titions may be added to those already in our hands in four weeks. In addition to that I am here author-ized, and have the documents to satisfy the doubt, if such exists in the minds of  the committee or any ohs else. I am here authorized td speak for that great organ-ization known as the American German Turn Bund in this country. This organ-ization, mind you, requires that every member must be a citizen of the United States. In the short space of three weeks; of activity in that body, one hundred and. eighty-five congressmen have been person ally petitioned, the petitions being in their' hands, with the seals of the one hundred, and eighty-five German societies, covering almost every State in the Union. This, desire upon the part of our German-American citizens has been expressed first in the national convention of the Turn Bund held in this city the 11th of last June. That expression has again been indorsed and sent out from the Na-tional Committee of the Turn Bund resi-dent at St. Louis, and again indorsed by the district committee of Turners in Chi-cago. I am also authorized to speak in the name and in behalf of the German Saloon-keepers' Association of Chicago, in this matter. (Several in the room called out "Hear, Hear.") (The speaker turned to those who called out, and said with decided emphasis, " Yes, sir.") Now, Mr. Chairman, having stated the authority that is vested in me, I wish to say that I appear before this committee under very great embarrassment. I did not know until two hours before I took the train that I should be able to reach this committe. I arrived here at eleven o'clock last night, and being in a new place, in unaccustomed conditions, I lost my sleep. In addition to that I am just from the bench. You see I am a work-man (holding up his hands); there are the callouses and corns that are the necessary incident to manual labor. I come unpre-pared by education, to meet the argu-ments presented here, or to present my case with the force and fluency that gen-tlemen in the opposition have, having been forced by my conditions to labor all my lifetime since nine years of age, with-out a single vacation; absolutely denied the opportunities of education except that which, was wrested from my sleeping hours. I am also embarrassed by the fact that I find myself for the first time in my life in the midst of a lot of friends, of labor, and reformers, whose existence I never before was aware of ; and I am absolutely astounded as well as embarrassed at the statements they make. They not only claim to speak in the name of labor, such as we have it in the United States, but, lo! and behold, they speak with the voice of authority from my fellow-workers in Great Britain, from which country I came. Not only that, but they take the name of a man whom I honor more, possibly, than any other, and hurl authority from that source at this committeeŠthat man is Karl Marx. They speak in the name of the social Democrats of Germany also; and I, being a social Democrat, being an Englishman and associated intimately with the reform movement in that coun-try, and being here in the United States for twenty-three years an active labor re- formerŠwhy, you can imagine my embar-rassment and astonishment when I find these advocates and friends of Karl Marx, the social Democrats of England, and the friends of labor reform here in the United States. I regret exceedingly that 