AMERICAN SENTINEL. 647 ions ambition, and it is not moral cowardice. While it may be the case with some individuals, the world in gen-eral is not yet so blind, its moral sense is not yet so deadened, that it is likely to confuse honor with these things. Honor is inseparable from right; it can never be joined to wrong. Honor is the reward and compan-ion of fidelity and integrity; it is not the ally and con-federate of perfidy and iniquity. Honor is consonant with human rights, liberty, equality, and justice; it has no concord with force, aggression, and arbitrary domi-nation. Honor is not afraid of humility; it is not afraid to acknowledge a wrong. Honor knows of but one way to rectify a wrong, and that is by acknowledging and forsaking it. Honor is not that moral cowardice which, because it is strong makes others suffer for its mistakes, and which seeks to drown its consciousness of guilt and of a loss of real honor in assaults upon weaker peoples Špeople who are desirous of living at peace with it and against whom it has not a shadow of a grievance. Honor knows that when it seems to humble itself that right may prevail that then it is truly maintained and exalted, then it shines forth bright in all the lustre of its native glory. The republic which possesses true honor will not hasten to adopt the policies and methods of monarch-ists and despots; its knees will not smite each other at the thought of being termed "a weakling, unable to carry to successful completion the labors that great and high-spirited nations are eager to undertake;" it will not rec-tify its mistakes by forcing an indorsement of them from unwilling lips; it will not have the face to stand up in the world and to talk of its honor while multiplying and aggravating wrongs; it will know that the honor which is maintained by the suppression of human rights is an honor not distinguishable from infamy. "Righteousness exalteth a nation; but sin is a re-proach to any people." The Secular Spirit and Missions. [From "A Great Crisis in the Work of Missions," by A.T. Pierson, D.D., in the World's Harvest Number of the Signs of the Times.] THE prevalence of the secular spirit always, there-fore, brings the decay of the spirit of missions. The church, like the individual, has its body and spirit, its links with time and with eternity, and when the tempo-ral is unduly magnified, the eternal is correspondingly belittled. Man not only reflects that toward which he is habitually turned, but he retains the image. The carnal mind is the sensitive mirror which, turned down-ward, has taken on the image of the earthly; the spiritual mind is the mirror which, turned upward, has received the impression of the heavenly. Is not church life essentially secular? Wealth, fash-ion, fame, formalism, culture, caste, polite society, worldly opinion, intellectuality, have crowded out sim- ple worship, self-denial, passion for souls, devoutness of spirit, spirituality, and whole-souled devotion to God. Is not dependence on the material and temporal, devo-tion to the esthetic in art and architecture, music and dress, far more regnant than the Spirit of God in the practical administration of church life? Devout souls can give but one melancholy answer. In a worldly church, if the work of missions sur-vives, the spirit of missions is quenched; the body of organization lacks the soul of Holy Ghost inspiration, and the work is carried on in the energy of the flesh. Is War Consistent With Christianity?ŠNo. 3. By Jonathan Dymond. THE lawfulness of defensive war is commonly sim-plified to The Right of Self-Defense. This is one of the strongholds of the defender of war, the almost final fast-ness to which he retires. The instinct of self-preserva-tion, it is said, is an instinct of nature; and since this instinct is implanted by God, whatever is necessary to self-preservation is accordant with his will. This is specious, but like many other specious arguments, it is sound in its premises, but, as I think, fallacious in its conclusions. That the instinct of self-preservation is an instinct of nature, is clearŠthat, because it is an instinct of nature, we have a right to kill other men, is not clear. The fallacy of the whole argument appears to con-sist in thisŠthat it assumes that an instinct of nature is a law of paramount authority. God has implanted in the human system various propensities or instincts, of which the purposes are wise. These propensities tend in their own nature to abuse; and when gratified or followed to excess, they become subversive of the pur-poses of the wisdom which implanted them, and de-structive of the welfare of mankind. He has therefore instituted a superior law, sanctioned by his immediate authority: by this law, we  are required to regulate these propensities. The question therefore is, not whether the instinct of self-preservation is implanted by nature, but whether Christianity has restricted its op-eration. By this, and by this only, the question is to be determined. Now he who will be at the trouble of making the in-quiry, will find that a regulation of the instincts of na-ture, and a restriction of their exercise, is a prominent object of the Christian morality; and I think it is plain that this regulation and restriction apply to the instinct before us. That some of these propensities are to be re-strained is certain. One of the most powerful instincts of our nature, is an affection to which the regulating precepts of Christianity are peculiarly directed. I do not maintain that any natural instinct is to be eradi-cated, but that all of them are to be regulated and 