AMERICAN SENTINEL: 591. 4 A MARVEL IN, BIBLE Ł MAKING. Large Type 5. 5. Teachers', Ł SELP=PRONOUNCING COMBINATION-  BIBLE. MARK Containing the King James and the Revised Versions on the Same Page. Showing in Simple Form all Changes, Additions and Omissions, and Enabling all Readers to See at a Glance wherein the Two Versions Differ. Both Versions Combined Without Duplicating. The King James Version set in full and conforming exactly to the Oxford Teachers' Edition, and, wherever a change occurs, the letters r. v., referring to a foot-note at the bottom of the page, showing the reading as,it appears in the Revised Version. Thus, in the 'same book, we have both the King James and the Revised Versions, complete and intact, without materially increasing the size, of the volume or reducing the size of the type. Both printed together. in the same column, showing the differences at a glance, and enabling the reader to practically read both at one and the same time; or, in other words, consuming in the comparative reading of the two texts not more than one-half the time required in the old way. EITHER VERSION ALONE OR BOTH TOGETHER. The great point of excellence Łin this arrangement is that while it enables one to read both Versions in-almost exactly the same time, it does not mar, or in any way hinder, the reading of the King James Version alone and independently, where one does not care to refer to the revisions.  The Bible Closed.  How to Read the Combination Bible. Below is part of page 6o8 of our Combination Bible. The following Key shows how it is to be read : KEYŠThe first RP on page 608 appears in verse 37 of the 9th chapter, before "domin-ion." In the King Jaines Version the reading is " dominion over our bodies," etc. By referring to the foot-notes it will be seen that the word " dominion " is changed to "power." Hence the Revised Version reads " power over our bodies," etc. In the 38th verse the King James reads,"because of all this ; " by reference to foot of page it will be seen that the Revised Vrsion reads, " yet for all this." In verse 28 there is an 110, which denotes an omission. Refer to the foot-notes and " (having)" will be found. Every omission is placed in a parenthesis in the foot-notes, and the Revised Version in this instance reads, " every one that had knowledge and understanding." Thus it is seen that the Revised Version is easily read in connection with the King James Version. The system is so simple and so-easily understood that no reader finds any difficulty in comparing one version with the other. .Specimen of Type used in the S. S. Teachers' Combination Bible. Size of Page 5 x 7y, inches. They that sealed the covenant. BEFIE1VITAEC, X. B. C. 445. f Dent. 28. 48. g 2 KM.= 3. 2 Chr. 29. 10; 34.31. Ezra. 10.3. - bh. 10. 29. 2 Heb. are at the sealing, laba,  !elto/ed.. a Tieb, at the sealings, ch. 9.38. a ch. 8.9. 4 Or, the governor. b eh. 1. 1. c See ch. 12. 1-21. they have "'dominion over our bod-ies, and over our cattle, at their plea-sure, and we are in great distress. 38 And "'because of all this we g make a sure covenant; and write it; and our princes, rvI4VvItes, and ry priests, seal unto it. CHAPTER X 1 The names of them that sealed the covenant. 29 The points of the covenant. NOW a those that sealed were,  a  Nii-he-roilah, 4  tfie 'flesh. talky  the son of Hiich-o-Wah, and 2 e  8er-4-Yoh, isz-a-rilah, 3 Ilsh/dr, MI-chitjah, 4 Hitt/tiish, 8Mb-4-n1/oh, 1V161/luch, 5 Mee-moth, 0-ba-difah, 6 Daniel, GinIne-thou, Baruch, 7 Me-shtl/lana, A.-bi/jah,  The points of the covenant. all they that had separated them-selves from. the " people of the lands unto the law of God, their wives, their sans, and their daughters, every one r" having knowledge, and r° having understanding; 29 They clove to their brethren, their nobles, gand entered into a curse, and ifito an oath, hto walk in God's law, which was given 5  by MY-se4 the servant of God, and to ob-serve and do all the commandments of.the LORD our Loan, and his judg-ments and his statutes ; Ł 30 And that we would notgive t our daughters unto the "people of the land, nor take their daughters for Our sons: 31 k And if the "people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the sabbath day to sell, that we would not .BINDING. Imperial Seal, Tuck Edges, knoWn as the "Divinity Circuit," Leather Lined, Round Corners, Red under Gold Edges. This is a regular $8 Bible, Ł Something unique, and a good one. It will be mailed postpaid on receipt of only $4.00. Agents Wanted. 37 power 38 yet for all thisŠourŠour 9 namely, Jeshua etc. 14 chiefs 28 Nethinim,ŠpeoplesŠthat bad Š (having) 30 peoples 31 peoplesŠ (it) Š a Š Address, forgo 33 mealŠ(an) 34 (the)Š(8331023)Šaettudiug to our fathers' houses, 35 manner of trees, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. 