FEBRUARY 7, 1895. ANII-E_IttICCCA SIENUCTINT11T4. 45 salem to close up all places of amusement that he might get the attention of the crowds! On the other hand the Pharisees appealed to the civil authorities to pro-hibit the Saviour's teachings that they might once more get a hearing from the people. Oh, that the follower of the great Teacher would cease appealing to governors and mayors, aldermen and leg-istors for the sword of civil power with which to reach the masses, and instead grasp the " sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God," and wield it in the strength of the Master. But they never will, that the prophecy might be fulfilled which saith, " For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears; and they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables." 2 Tim. 4:3, 4. What Rome Did for EuropeŁ  Prior to the Reformation. [From "History of the Reformation" by D'Aubigne, Book 1, chapter 3d LET us now see what was the state of the Church previous to the Reformation. The nations of Christendom no longer looked to a holy and living God for the free gift of eternal life. To obtain it they were obliged to have recourse to all the means that a superstitious, fearful, and alarmed imagination could devise. Heaven was filled with saints and mediators, whose duty it was to solicit this mercy. Earth works,._ sacrifices, observances, and ceremonies, by which it was to be obtained. Here is a picture of the religion of this period transmitted to us by one who was long a monk, and after-wards a fellow-laborer of Luther'sŠby Myconius :Š The sufferings and merits of Christ were looked upon as an idle tale, or as the fictions of Homer. There was no thought of the faith by which we be-come partakers of the Saviour's righteousness and of the heritage of eternal life. Christ was looked upon as a severe judge. prepared to condemn all who should not have recourse to the intercession of the saints, or to the papal indulgences. Other intercessors appeared in his place:Šfirst, the Virgin Mary, like the Diana of paganism, and then the saints, whose numbers were continually augmented by the popes. These media-tors granted their intercession only to such applicants as had deserved well of the orders founded by them. For this it was necessary to do, not what God had commanded in his Word, but to perform a number of works invented by monks amid priests, and which brought money to the treasury. These works were Ave-Marian, the prayers of Saint Ursula and of Saint Bridget: they must chant and cry night and day. There were as many resorts for pilgrims as there were mountains, forests, and valleys. But these penances might be compounded for with money. The people, therefore, brought to the convents and to the priests money and every thing that had any valueŠfowls, clucks, geese, eggs, wax, straw, butter, and cheese. Then the hymns resounded, the bells rang, incense filled the sanctuary, sacrifices were offered up, the larders overflowed, the glasses went round, and masses terminated and concealed these pious orgies. The bishops no longer preached, but they consecrated priests, bells, monks, churches, chapels, images, books, and cemeteries; and all this brought in a large revenue. Bones, arms, and feet were preserved in gold and silver boxes; they were given out during mass for the faithful to kiss, and this too was a source of great profit. All these people maintained that the pope, " sitting as God in the temple of God," I could not err, and they would not suffer any contradiction."'  In the church of All Saints at, Witten-berg was shown a fragment of Noah's ark, some soot from the furnace of the Three 2 Thess. 2: 4. Myconius, History of the Reformation; and Seckendorf, History of Lutheranism, Children, a piece of wood from the cradle of Jesus Christ, some hair from the beard of St. Christopher, and nineteen thousand other relics of greater or less value. At Shaffhausen was exhibited the breath of St. Joseph that Nicodemus had received in his glove. In Wurtemberg you might meet a seller of indulgences, vending his merchandize, his head adorned with a large feather plucked from the wing of St. Michael.' But it was not necessary to travel far in search of these precious trea-sures. Men who farmed the relics trav-ersed the whole country, hawking them about the rural districts (as has since been the case with the Holy Scriptures), and carrying them to the houses of the faith-ful, to spare them the trouble and expense of a pilgrimage. They were exhibited with pomp in the churches. These wan-dering hawkers paid a stipulated sum to the owners of the relics,Ša percentage on their profits. The kingdom of heaven had disappeared, and in its place a market of abominations had been opened upon earth. Thus a spirit of profanity had invaded religion; and the holiest recollections of the Church, the seasons which more par-ticularly summoned the faithful to holy mediation and love, were disgraced by buffoonery and heathenish profanation. The " Revels of Easter" held a distin-guished place in the records of the Church. As the festival of the resurrection of Christ ought to be celebrated with joy, the preachers studied in their sermons everything that might raise a laugh among their hearers. One imitated the note of the cuckoo; another hissed like a goose. One dragged to the altar a layman robed in a monk's frock; a second related the most indecent stories; and a third re-counted the tricks of St. Peter, and among others, how in a tavern he had cheated his host by not paying his reckoning.' The lower clergy took advantage of this opportunity to ridicule their superiors. The churches were converted into a mere stage for mountebanks, and the priests into buffoons. If such was the state of religion, what must have been the state of morals ? Undoubtedly the corruption was not at that time universal. Justice requires that this should not be forgotten. . . . Nevertheless, the evil at this period wore a character and universality that it has not borne subsequently. And, above all, the mystery of iniquity desolated the holy places, as it has not been permitted to do since the days of the Reformation. Morality had declined with the decline of faith. . . . The doctrine and the sale of indulgences were powerful incen-tives to evil among an ignorant people. True, according to the Church, indul-gences could benefit those only who prom-ised to amend their lives, and who kept their word. But what could be expected from a tenet invented solely with a view to the profit that might be derived from it ? . . . All that the multitude saw in them was, that they permitted men to sin; and the merchants were not over eager to dissipate an error so favorable to their sale. What disorders and crimes were com-mitted in these dark ages, when impunity was to be purchased by money ! What had man to fear, when a small contribu-tion towards building a church secured Milner's Reliquien, vol. iii, p. 22, Odcolampad, De Risu Paschall. him from the fear of punishment in the world to come? What hope could there be of revival when all communication between God and man was cut off, and man, an alien from God, who is the spirit and the life, moved only in a round of paltry ceremonies and sensual observances, in au atmosphere of death! The priests were the first who yielded to this corrupting influence. By desiring to exalt themselves they became abased. They had aimed at robbing God of a ray of his glory, and placing it in their own bosoms; but their attempt had proved vain, and they had only hidden there a leaven of corruption stolen from the power of evil. The history of the age swarms with scandals. In many places the people were delighted at seeing a priest keep a mistress, that the married women might be safe from his seductions.' What hu-miliating scenes did the house of a pastor in those days present ! The wretched man supported the woman and the children she had borne him with the tithes and offer-ings.' His conscience was troubled : he blushed in the presence of the people, be-fore his domestics, and before God. The mother, fearing to come to want if the priest should die, made provision against it beforehand, and robbed her own house. Her honor was lost. Her children were ever a living accusation against her. Despised by all, they plunged into quar-rels and debauchery. Such was the fam-ily of the priest! . . . These were frightful scenes, by which the people knew how to profit.' The rural districts were the scene of numerous disorders. The abodes of the clergy were often dens of corruption. Corneille Adrian at Bruges,' the abbot Trinkler at Cappel,' imitated the man-ners of the East, and had their harems. Priests, consorting with dissolute charac-ters, frequented the taverns, played at dice, and crowned their orgies with quar-rels and blasphemy.' The council of Shaffhausen forbade the priests to dance in public, except at mar-riages, and to carry more than one kind of arms: they decreed also that all who were found in houses of ill-fame should be unfrocked.' In the archbishopric of Mentz, they scaled the walls by night and created all kinds of disorder and confusion in the inns and taverns, and broke the doors and locks.' In many places the priests paid the bishop a regular tax for the woman with whom he lived, and for each child he had by her. A German bishop said publicly one day, at a great entertainment, that in one year eleven thousand priests had presented themselves before him for that purpose. It is Eras-mus who relates this.' If we go higher in the hierarchical order, we find the corruption not less great. The dignitaries of the Church preferred the tumult, of camps to the hymns of the altar. To be able, lance in hand, to reduce his neighbors to obedi-ence, was one of the chief qualifications of a bishop. 1 Nicol. De Clemangis, de Prwsulib, Simoniacis. 2  The words of Seb. Stor., pastor of Lichstall in 1524. 3  Fiisslin Beytrmge, ii, 224. 4  Metern, Nederl, Hist. viii. 5  Hottinger, Hist. Eccles. ix, 305. Mandate of Hugo, Bishop of Constance, 3rd March, 1517. 7  Milller's Reliq.. iii, 251. Steubing, Gesch. der Nass. Oran. Lande. 9Tlno anno ad se delata undecim millia sacerdotum palitm concubinariorum. Erasmi Opp. ix. 401. 