AMERICAN SENTINEL. 331 Studies in French History. =23. "WHEN the brave constable, Du Gueschin died," be-gan Professor Carman, "the king appointed Oliver De Clisson to take his place, to try to reconquer that part of France which had passed into other hands. This man was so very cruel that he was called The Butcher. Once when some of the poor people who had held out against him till he was very angry, finally surrendered, he sta-tioned himself at the gateway where they passed out, and the cruel monster killed them one by one with his heavy battle ax; for as they were starved until they were noth-ing but tottering skeletons, they could not resist him. He killed fifteen in this way, and then the horrible work was given to another executioner. "Poor King Charles did not live but a few weeks after this, and let us hope that he did not approve of the cru-elty practised upon these helpless men. The people really began to respect the king, and the wisdom which he showed in this troublesome time. He neither corrupted the coin, increased the taxes, nor spent the people's money in tournaments and feasting. The soldiers were paid promptly, and the king had no favorites." "Was Charles the Wise the same as Charles V?" asked Edna Philips, note book in hand. "The same; Edna, and he was well named 'The Wise.' " "Would you please tell us something about the cus-toms and manners of folks who lived at this timeŠlet's see; this is in the fourteenth century, isn't it?" asked Milly Brown. "Yes, Milly, the last half of the fourteenth century. I think your question is a reasonable one. We ought to know something about the ideas of the common people regarding right and wrong, refinement, courtesy, etc. "The French people had been getting to have more and more refinement ever since the days of Charlemagne and his famous School of the Palace. But you may be sure their ideas of morals and decency were not by any means up to the standard of civilized people to-day." "Grandma said this morning," remarked Maggie Pal-meter, "that she believed it was.  during the reign of Charles the Wise, that people began to wake up to the fact that it was at least not in good form to steal and tell lies." "I think she was right, Maggie," said Professor Car-man, smiling at the look of astonishment upon the faces of his young bearers, "for it is recorded of a certain no- bleman who felt anxious that his daughters should shine in society, that he once gave them some fatherly advice by which he hoped they would as far as possible try to regulate their conduct. He requested them to keep their hands clean when at table, and thought it would be well to keep their nails trimmed; and that when passing a private house they should not stop and look in at the windows. He also thought that as far as they could, they would better keep from telling lies and stealing." "The very idea!" cried Milly Brown, who was a prim little woman. "How preposterous!" exclaimed Edna Phillips. "Just imagine our father's having to give us such advice as that!" "It does seem rather amusing, Edna, but we must not become self-righteous, or measure ourselves among ourselves, for the Bible says those who do this are not wise. Now," continued the teacher, "I think we will hear the essay which Charlie White has kindly prepared." "I couldn't find out so very much about knights and their duties, professor; but I have a few facts," replied Charlie, unfolding his paper, and as he took his place by the side of his teacher, began as follows:Š "When a boy whose parents intended him to be a knight, was a little chap only seven years old, he was sent away from home to live with a very brave knight in his castle. I presume the poor little fellow got pretty homesick, but that didn't make the least bit of difference, Šhe had to stay, in fact, as people would say nowa-days, he must have staying qualities. He was called a page until he was fourteen. He was in the meantime made to study those things which would help to make him a great knight. But he did not have to study books, as we fellows do, for there were lots of them who could not even write their own names, and who had to make their mark with their sword, when there was any paper they wished to sign. What he had to learn was how to take care of horses and armor, and manage the dogs when chasing game. "Sometimes when I get a lazy fit on, I wish I lived in those days, and didn't have to study; but I'm glad to say those moods don't last long. I'd be real ashamed if they did. But there was one good thing about it,Šthe page was expected to be truthful, and to obey his supe-riors. "When he was fourteen years old, he felt quite grand, for,  he then became a squire, and began to grow very an-xious to begin his career and to distinguish himself. His imagination had been kept right up to a white heat, by hearing stories told and songs sung in praise of the val-ient deeds of the knights of other days. "All this time he was wearing great iron spurs, until he could earn gilded ones by some deed of valor. When he was twenty-one, he was a real knight. "In times of peace there used to be held mock fights or tournaments. Then the knight who, it was decided, had done the best, went and knelt down at some beauti-ful lady's feet, and received from her the prize. 