SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; JOHN OF WYCLIFFE MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%/1.4% inch-es, 495 pages, 6 il-lustrations.The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 40c. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES A reproduction of the principal speeches and de-bates o f Abraham Lincoln during the years 1854-1861, to-gether with those of his political antago-ni st, Stephen A. Douglas. A fascin- The life of this great-est of "the reformers be-fore the Reformation" is one of intense interest, and is here told in such a way as to inspire the reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ-omize his time. Cloth, 6oc. 550 large pages. C Sermon on the Mount. A series of pamphlets, containing 32o pages and 45 beau-tiful stories for children. Following are some of the titles: "Joe Ben - C ton's Coal Yard. "This Hand Never Struck Me," The Burnt OComposition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," "The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," ;"Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, postpaid. THOUGHTS FROM THE c MOUNT OF BLESSING ating volume of over ' An exposition of the Cloth, $1.75. "It can by no means C be read with profit at ;0  one sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates." 0 ŠBaptist Union. jo Contains zoo pages, 3 18 half-tone engrav-e)  ings, is bound in cloth V at 75c, and half-calf at c $1.00. A TRUST 4? NATIVE LIFE IN Contains two good The author, Rev. stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- ) Henry Rice, spent mily, the head of which©eighteen years in India, having gone, accordingand  has written a most interesting  to baby Phil, "Away ,eser. 'cross the big sea, and c   a 113a  perhaps h e' d tumble 2) of the social and reli- out of the ship and det t gious characteristics of drowned." The second 'v  the Hindus.The book tells of the faithful ef- forts of a boy to sup- c  is illustrated with port his sister and wid- () twelve native drawings. owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. ; Cloth, 6oc. JACK THE CONQUEROR A AMONG Ł IC THE EBERGS And Other Stories eR The first and longest V story is that of ten-year-4/2 old poverty-stricken Jack Harold. His fa-C they and mother were both dead, and his aunt C would not allow him to V go to school. How his `r ambition was aroused, 0 etc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 6oc. c GOLDEN GRAINS 0 A book well calculated to show forth the O MAKING HOME HAPPY c love of Christ, and to draw the reader intu 0 a closer connection with Him. Contains An entertaining story of how an unhappy ate, p home was made and kept happy, together 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which a  git with the influence it had over other homes. A three-color half-tones. Ł Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. re Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. iP 1-rougoTA,0,T,  !AOVNT of  LIFE ON THE KONGO fp A comprehensive his-t)  tory of that portion of A Africa drained by the It Kongo and its tributar-C ies, together with nu- merous missionary inci- dents and experiences. t'  11:)  The author, Rev. Hol-m a n Bentley, writes C from personal observa-tion, and gives much interesting information C concerning this much-Vtalked Of country. 0 Ł Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. 0 TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,Łthe Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab- itants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. c STORY OF REDEMPTION C An account of the 1 expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting-Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. NORTHERN INDIA 1. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 333 E3c)coks We Can Recommend. a PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. 39 BoneStreet, New York City. 