"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY, 1888. NUMBER 5. '1'12e Anritical2 Ber2Mirl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY TILE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER,}  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. Entered at the Past-office in Oakland. IT is not the province of the State to teach religious tenets. Its teaching should be limited to such instruction as will tend to good citizenship, and to fit its wards for the duties of the secular sphere. Clearly it has no right to provide for or allow more than this. For it to provide more would be to in-vade the province of the Church. For it to allow more would be to open its institutions as an arena for sectarian strife.--Selected. THE military authorities of France have recently issued stringent orders regarding the observance of Sunday, and an officer who called out his men to practice on that day, was sentenced to the penal colony of New Cale-donia. This the Christian Nation uses as an example which it would 'be wise for these United States to follow. That is to say that the United States should adopt the prin-ciples of the Papacy to the extent that France carries them forth. It will probably be done. SINCE the Elgin Sunday-law Convention, the Illinois preachers have been enlarging their field of operations. They have issued four petitions; One to the United States Sen-ate, one to the House of Representatives, one each to the railroad and the telegraph com-panies in the United States, asking for their co-operation. One of their circulars says:Š " God's trumpet-call to every minister of the gospel, to every Christian and patriotic man and woman, and the public press in these United States, is that they `advance along the line' against this giant sin of Sab-bath [Sunday] desecration, which is sapping the foundations of our republican institu-tions." If there is anything in this world that is sapping the foundations of our republican in-stitutions more than is this movement of the churches to wield the power of the State, then we wish somebody would  name it. There ought to be a million copies of the March SENTINEL distributed at once in Illi-nois, and ten millions throughout the coun-try besides; it shows what these Illinois preachers are,up to; and What will come of it. Doctor S.;.Ł.haff and the Public School. THE third of Doctor Schaff's " links " be-tween Church and State, is, " The Public School." He confesses that,Š " Positive religious instruction is the duty of the family and the church, which has the com-mission to teach all nations the way of life. The State cannot-be safely intrusted with this duty." That is all true. The State cannot teach Christian religion, or Christian morality, be-cause, as we showed in the April SENTINEL, it has not the credehtials for it. That work is committed to the church alone. It is the church which is " the pillar and ground of the truth." It is the church which was com-missioned to go "into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." It is with the church that Christ promised to be till the end of the world. Without the presence and help of the Holy Spirit, no religious teaching can ever be effectual. But it is the church, which is " an habitation of God through the Spirit." None of these things are spoken to the State, nor of the State. None of these things per-tain to the State. But without these things no effectual religious instruction can ever be possible. Therefore it is perfectly certain that the State never 'can, with any propriety whatever, take it upon itself to give religious instruction. It is indeed true that "the State cannot be safely intrusted with this duty." But, as in this we perfectly agree with Doctor Schaff's statements, the reader may query wherein we sufficiently disagree with him to justify the writing of an article on the subject? It is in this: Although the doctor grants that to the church and not to the State belongs the work of imparting religious in-struction, yet he insists that religious instruc-tion shall be given in the public schools at the public expense. Now, as this work be-longs to the church, and cannot be intrusted to the State, and as this work must be done in the public school, at the public expense, it therefore follows that Doctor Schaff proposes that the church shall use the machinery of the State with which to do her own work. In this way he makes the public school a " link " between, Church and State. But we deny the right of the church to use the State for any such purpose. We protest that the church shall do her work herself, with the means which God has appointed her, and with no other; for whatsoever is more than this is sin. If the church cannot do her own appointed Work with the means which God has appointed her, she cannot do it at all. If  the church cannot impart religious instruction without the help of the State, she cannot im-part it with the help of the State. If the church possesses enough of the presence and power of the Spirit of God, to make her in-struction effectual, she will not need the help of the State; and if she lacks that power her instruction will not be effectual even though the doors of every public school building in the Nation be opened to her. It is particularly interesting to notice the Doctor's plans for imparting religious instruc- tion in the public schools. He says:Š " The Catholics certainly haVe a right to demand the Douay version as a substitute for that of King James, and both might be read, the one to the Catholic the other tOlthe Prot-estant pupils." There are some questions that we should like to have answered on this proposition: 1. Is the same teacher to give instruction from the Douay version to the Catholics, and from King James's to the Protestants? or shall there be two teachersŠa Catholic and a Prot-estantŠin every school? 2. If the Catho-lics have " a right to demand the Douay ver-sion," and the Protestant, have a right to de-mand King James's version, then why is it that those who are neither Catholics nor " or-thodox" Protestants, have not "a right" to demand that there shall be no version at all used in the public shools ? or is it true that all rights belong alone to Catholics and "Prot-estants"? 3. Is it so wholly essential to the welfare of the Nation that the Catholic-" demands" shall be satisfied more than those of any other people in the nation? The reason which Doctor Schaff gives, why the State cannot be safely intrusted with this duty, is that,Š "It might teach Rationalism, as is actually done in a great many public schools and Uni-versities of Germany, Holland, and Switzer-land." Therefore to make it certain that-  there shall be just the proper kind of teaching in the public schools of our country, he offers this plan:Š "The State may, if necessary, allow the dif-ferent denominations to monopolize certain school hours in the school building for relig-ious insttuction." Let us look at this a moment. The school day consists of about six hours, and the State is to allow the different denominations to monopolize certain of these hours in the school-room. Of the "different denominations" there are the Catholic, Episcopalian, five of the Methodist, eight of the Baptist, ten Of the, 