AMERICAN -"SENTINEL. 473 were loosed"Šjailer convertedŠHerod vexes the church Š"arrayed in royal apparel"Š"the angel of the Lord smote him"Š"eaten of worms"Š"gave up the ghost"Š"great wonders and miracles"Š"much people was added unto the Lord"Š"of the devout Greeks a great multi-tude"Š"of the chief women net a few"Š"a great com-pany of priests were obedient unto the faith." Oh, what an inspiring conflict ! On the one side are stones and stocks, on the other, the Holy Ghost; on the one side principalities and powers, on the other side, "power from on high." On the one side, the high priest and Herod, on the other side, the Holy Ghost. On the one side Felix and Agrippa, Cesar and Rome, on the other, the HOLY GHOST. "To say nothing of apostolic Christianity, let us ask what it was that gave the Christianity of the first two centuries such extraordinary vigor in its conflict with heathenism. An eminent writer, Gerhard Uhlhorn, has shown with a graphic hand that it was just this quality of absolute unworldliness which constituted the secret of its power. The men who conquered the Roman empire for Christ bore the aspect of invaders from another world, who absolutely refused to be naturalized to this world. Their conduct filled their heathen neighbors with the strangest perplexity; they were so careless of life, so care-ful of conscience, so prodigal of their own blood, so con-fident of the overcoming power of the blood of the Lamb, so unsubdued to the customs of the country in which they sojourned, so mindful of the manners of 'that country from whence they came out.' "The help of the world, the patronage of its rulers, the loan of its resources, the use of its methods, they ut-terly refused, lest by employing these they might com-promise their King. An invading army maintained from an invisible bar.e, and placing more confidence in the lead-ership of an unren Commander than in all imperial help that might be profferedŠthis was what so bewildered and angered the heathen, who often desired to make friends with the Christians without abandoning their own gods. But there can be no reasonable doubt that that age in which the church was most completely separated from the world was the age in which Christianity was the most victorious in the world. "It was also the era of undimmed hope of the Lord's imminent return from glory, so that it illustrated and enforced both clauses of the great text : 'For our citizen-ship [R. V.] is in heaven from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus.'" (Phil. 3:20.)ŠDr. A. J. Gor-don. This, in brief, is the history of the church of the living God, the faithful bride, for the first two centuries. At this point she slowly retreats before the scarlet woman, until she hides from view for more than a thousand years in the wilderness home prepared by her Lord. A. F. B. *-11-4 REPORTS from Russia state that Russian Quakers are being made to feel the heavy hand of the government be-cause of their refusal to engage in military service. "All accounts show," says a London journal, "that they are a temperate and industrious people. But they refuse to bear arms or to put themselves in training for killing Our Special Offer. WE are glad to say that already we are receiving many substantial evidences, in the way of good words and large lists, that our special offer on the SENTINEL as announced last week is being appreciated. Pledges of earnest effort in its behalf come from almost every State in the Union. One State tract society secretary writes that his State alone will increase the list 2000; another says, "The offer you make can not fail to bring a large list of subscribers. for the price is a popular one, and the paper ought to be in the hands of the people everywhere." Another one writes, "We hope to have every friend of the cause in this State, as far as possible, a subscriber to the SENTINEL before the offer closes." Still another says, " We have sent out circular letters to all the librarians of the churches and also isolated friends of the paper, urging that they individually try to secure subscriptions for it in the various localities where they live. We have also written many personal letters to our workers to the same effect, which we feel sure will bring some good lists." Another encloses a personal note accompanying a nice list, saying, " I wish I could tell you how much I appre-ciate the SENTINEL. I think it is growing better and better, and has a place in the cause that no other paper can fill. You can count on us here doing everything in our power to get the paper more generally read." A ,president of a State conference writes, "The other day I met a man who has read the SENTINEL for only a few weeks, and who had-,never before known of it, and he said, `I am astonished at the amount and excellent qual-ity of the matter that this little sheet contains.' " A subscriber, sending a remittance, appends these words: "I cannot do without the AMERICAN SENTINEL. May God grant that you may live a thousand years,for every editor seems asleep but yourself.' We could fill the whole paper with similar kind and appreciative words that come to us every day, but we forbear. We quote them simply to show the trend of feeling toward the SENTINEL and its work, and particularly the the special offer we are now making. We trust our friends everywhere will do what they can to secure many subscribers under this offer, for it is our experience that these short-time subscribers invaria-bly become regular readers of the paper, and thus ardent advocates of civil and religious liberty. Remember that the offer remains open only until Sep-tember 1st. Now is the time to take adva T tage of it and do missionary work in a worthy cause. their fellowmen whenever statesmen fall out and give the word. This is unpardonable in the eyes of military gov-ernments. But if the authorities really knew it, these people, and all conscientious Protestants who suffer in Russia, are the best friends the government has." Ł 