54 AMERICAN SENTINEL. What the outcome will be remains to be seen. Who knows how long even the present toleration will last? Is it not time for every lover of liberty to "arise and shine"? January 12, 1898. 0-4 THE city of Milwaukee, Wis., is said to have the largest church attendance in proportion to population of any city in the country, while having scarcely any re-striction as regards the observance of Sunday. 1. Ł .1 "All Ye Are Brethren." THE principles of justice are ever the same, and there never was a time when it was right for one man to coerce another's conscience, but it is onlyin "the law of liberty," the law of love,, as magnified by Jesus ChriSt, that this truth is clearly seen. "Thefatherhood of God" had always been recognized a~ a theory, but it was not until Jesus of Nazareth de-duced from this sublimetruth "the brotherhood of man," that the world was prepared to discern in "the law and the prophets" the Golden Rule: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." This rule not only requires that each man shall deal honestly, yea, even generously, with his fellows, but it absolutely forbids that one shall come between even the 'humblest of his brethren and their common Father; for, since all are the creatures of the same divine hand, it is evident that "every one shall give account of himself to God." "None can by any means redeem his. brother, nor give to God a ransom for him." Not even the father can answer for the son, nor the son for the father; hence, the admonition, "Children, obey your parents in the Lord." There are no exceptions to the rule, "We ought to obey God rather than men;" for "the son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son." No human being can by any possi-bility escape personal, moral responsibility, and moral accountability necessarily implies free moral agency. "A wise son maketh a glad father;" but since "the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom," and "a good understanding have all they that do His command-ments;" he and he alone truly honors his father and his mother who truly obeys God in all things else. Not even filial affection can release any soul from the supreme ob-ligation to give to God the first place, not only in the heart, but in the life; for "obedience is the highest form of worship." "In vain do they worship me," says our Saviour "teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." -It is only a failure to realize the sovereignty of God that causes any man to assume to dictate to his fellow man in any matter touching the conscience. He who does this in effect makes himself God. Nebuchadnezzar's decree that all men should worship the golden image  which he had set up was an assumption of superiority to the God of heaven, whose law says, "Thou shalt not make unto thee anygraven image. . . . Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them nor serve them." But the three Hebrews recognized no such authority in any man. In all things civil they were the obedient servants of their royal master, but in the realm of conscience they owned no sovereign but the God of heaven. Their reply to the king was, "We are not careful to answer thee in this matter. . . . We will not serve thy gods nor wor-ship the golden image which thou hast set up." The account of their deliverance from the fiery furnace was "written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come." Another impressive lesson to the same intent is the record of Daniel's disregard of pretended authority in the realm of conscience. Darius, like Nebuchadnezzar, thought that because he was king, his was an unlimited sovereignty; but so far was Daniel from recognizing this claim that he paid not the least attention to the royal decree forbidding him, in common with all other men, to "ask any petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of the king only." His deliverance from the lions was the Lord's rebuke to Darius's usurpation, and his admonition to all future rulers and subjectsŠto rulers, not to invade his domain; to subjects, not to render to civil magistrates that which belongs alone to God. That the principle thus clearly taught was not changed by Christ is evident from his own words.aiready quoted, indicating the clear line of demarkation between civil and moral duties, between the things due to Caesar and the things due to God. Nor is this all; our Lord himself sent his disciples forth to violate a "law" of the Roman Empire when he bade them go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. With the single exception of John, every one of the original apostles was condemned and executed for violation of that "civil law" which sought to save the Roman state by protecting the Roman gods and the Roman religion. That this view puts no forced construction upon Christ's words is evident from the fact that the apostles held themselves amenable to no human law in matters touching their service of God. To the demand of the magistrates that they cease to speak in the name of Jesus, Peter and John responded, "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye [for yourselves, but as for us]; we cannot but speak the things we have seen and heard." And again, when threatened by the authorities and com-manded to ceasepreaching, "Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." And this declaration of spiritual independence, millions of the followers of Christ have since signed with their life blosod. And yet how far is the World from the full and practical recognition of the underlying principle that moral responsibility and accountability necessarily mean moral freedom from all authority save Him to whom final account must be given. C. P. B. 