76 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. it makes it a civil institution, merely a legal holiday. Well, nobody contends that the State law makes Sunday a religious institu-tion; it is that already. We freely admit that the State law in its behalf is only a civil ordinance, for the State could make-  nothing else but a civil ordinance; but, mark it well, what we do claim, and what all candid minds must admit to be the truth, is that a State Sunday law is a civil ordinance enforcing the observance of a religious institution. Some years ago the city of San Francisco had a notorious mayor, who engaged in cer-tain transactions that were inconsistent with his official position. His defense was that he did those things as an ordinary citizen, and not as mayor. It requires no argument to show the absurdity of such a statement. The man was mayor, and he could not separate himself from his office within the time for which he was elected. But this is just on a par with the argument that Sunday legisla-tion is not the enforcement of a religious in-stitution. If the friends of so-called National Reform admit such a plea, they must be prepared to see it carried out to its legitimate conclusion. They must expect to see the vilest rakes elected to office in their model government, under the plea that they are not bad citizens, but are simply bad men. If anything further .were needed to show the flimsy character of the arguments by which Sunday-law advocates attempt to make it appear that they are not working for an ecclesiastical establishment, it may be found in the last sentence of the judicial opinion first quoted. Said the judge:Š " The statute is to be judged of precisely as if it had selected for the day of rest any day of the week, other than Sunday; and its validity is not to be questioned because, in the exercise of a wise discretion, it has chosen that day which a majority of the inhabitants of this State, under the sanctions of their re-ligious faith, already voluntarily observe as a day of rest." " A wise discretion," indeed ! The State has chosen the day which a large majority of its inhabitants, under the sanctions of their religious faith, voluntarily observe as a day of rest, and, at the instigation of that major-ity, has undertaken to enforce its observance as a day of rest, and yet this is no more in the interest of religion than if Monday or Thursday had been chosen! Such a mon-strous assertion needs but to be quoted to be refuted. A man must be sadly blinded to put such a statement forth as a sober legal argument; and men must be pre-determined . to have Sunday laws, or they could not be deceived by it. Suppose that the State had, in the exercise of its " wise discretion," chosen Saturday instead of Sunday;.would there not have been protests without number? Indeed there would. People would call it a law in the interests of the Jews and other Sabbata-rians, and no argument could convince them to the contrary. " But " says one, " such a law would really be unjust to the great ma-jority who observe Sunday as a day of relig-ious rest." Indeed Then by the same to-ken a law enforcing Sunday observance is  unjust to those who observe Saturday, or who do not choose to observe any set day. The discriminating reader can see that it is the word " majority " which catches the judicial fancy. It seems to be the idea that Sunday legislation cannot be wrong, because the ma-jority favor it. As much as to say that a thing is necessarily right if it is proposed by a majority of the people. But no majorities can ever make a wrong right, and State laws in behalf of an establishment of religion are always wrong. The question whether or not Sunday ought to be observed as a day of rest, does not enter into the case at all. We be-lieve in the God of the Bible, as the majority of people in this country profess to do, but we should emphatically protest against a State law to compel all people to recognize him as such. Here is a point that should not be lost sight of: If Sunday laws are not for the purpose of compelling the observance of Sunday as a religious institution, for what purpose are they ? The claim is that they are in the in-terest of humanity, so that laboring men may have the rest which their physical nature imperatively demands. Very well, then we suppose it will be admitted that it is within the province of the State to compel men to observe the laws of their being. Now it is just as certain that man's physical nature re-quires that he should take a definite amount of sleep every twenty-four hours, far more imperatively than it demands that he shall rest one day in seven. Will our Sunday-law friends admit that the State has any right to decide how many hours a man ought to sleep, and to enact a law compelling every man to sleep at least seven hours out of every twenty-four ? Unless they are ready to ad-vocate such a measure as this, let them say nothing more about enforcing Sunday rest on the basis of the necessity of man's physical nature. We have presented this view of the case before, but we do not expect ever to see Sunday-law advocates attempt to meet it. Now one word concerning the Independent's statement that Sunday legislation " is no inter-ference with the religious rights of anybody." We say that it is a positive and unjust inter-ference with the religious rights of everybody who conscientiously observes any day other than Sunday. Here are laboring men who believe that when the fourth commandment says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work," it means just what it says. They are conscientious in their observance of the sev-enth day of the week; and the needs of their families demand that they should spend the other six days in labor, as the commandment allows. According to the fourth command-ment, it is their religious privilege to labor six days of the week, just as much as it is their religious duty to rest on the seventh. There-fore if the State steps in and compels them to rest On another day also, no matter on what grounds the rest is enforced, their religious rights are interfered with. And if those men shall be punished for continuing to make Sunday one of their six working days, their  punishment will be an act of religious perse-cution. No assertions to the contrary can change the truth of this. From the very nature of the case, Sunday legislation must interfere with the religious rights of some. For, Sunday as a day of rest is beyond dispute a religious institution; leg-islation enforcing its observance is legislation enforcing an establishment of religion; and when any religious tenet is enforced, the re-ligious rights of all who do not hold that tenet must be interfered with, and oppression must result. We hope that the people in those States that still allow full liberty of conscience, will take the time and trouble now to become well informed concerning the arguments used in behalf of Sunday laws, and will learn how to expose their fallacy, so that when the Sunday-law mania shall seize their State, as it surely will, they will not allow their liberty to be taken away without making a well-directed, intelligent protest. E. J. W. Church and State. THE whole mission of the church of God is to preach the gospel. Its career lies within the kingdoms of earth, but it is not of them. When the policy of the nations is such as to give the church free scope in its work, the church does not become an appendage to the State, but rather uses this liberty to preach the gospel. When her work is opposed, and she is persecuted by the world, she may pe-tition or remonstrate against being hampered in her mission. But whether this avail or not, she must go onward faithfully in her great work. The work of the State (whatever form it assumes) is ,to supervise the life of citizens, and to legislate and enforce those things which are necessary for upholding right and punishing crime. They are both ordained of God. The two must never be confounded. Our Master said, " Render therefore unto Cae-sar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things which are God's." And yet the church does shed down upon the arena of civil life a benediction. It by grace qualifies its members to be honest, sober-minded citizens, and sends them, forth as such. But she can have nothing to do with politics. She can have no relation of mutual support established between herself and the State. The State has in all ages tried to bribe and guide the church, that it might secure control through her of the members. Let us see. In the Southern States the negro Baptist preach-ers, and perhaps others, are very ignorant, very venal, and have great control over their people. In nearly all sections of the South, in closely contested elections, the effort is made to bribe the preacher and through him control the congregation. This effort is largely successful. Few negroes can resist a bribe. The church is prostituted, for money, from its high mission, to be the servant of corrupt po-litical partisans. The English prelatical church, and other established churches receiving from the civil power protection and support and honor, pay 