172 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the North Ohio Conference of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church in their annual session appointed him State Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, and in 1890 the same Conference appointed him as general and field Secretary of their "sixth district," which embraces the States of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Min-nesota, Ohio, and Wisconsin. It will thus be seen that the National Reform Associ-ation, the American Sabbath Union, and the Columbian Sunday Association are, in essence, all one. The success of one will be the success of the others, and a greater calamity will never befall this country, nor a greater apostasy occur to Protestantism, than when the cherished of each and allŠthe teaching of religion by lawŠshall be realized. W. A. COLCORD. The Scheme of Senator Edmunds. THE resignation of Senator Edmunds does not take effect until next November, and meanwhile, he says, he will exert his most strenuous efforts and use all his in-fluence to bring about the establishment of a great. National University at Wash-ington. It is an old hobby of his, and a select committee to report on the scheme was appointed through his efforts in the Senate. His main purpose, his controlling motive, according to his own words, is to set up, at the expense of the Federal Government, " a great non-sectarian university, an in-stitution which should make plain the liberality of Protestant as compared with the narrowness of Papal power." It may be very desirable and very im-portant to make this manifestation; but it is not the business of the United States Government to undertake the job. This Government is not a religious power, either Roman Catholic or Protestant, and it has nothing to do with religious compe-titions. The sovereignty here rests in the people, and they are made up of Catholics and Protestants, Jews and pagans, and people of no religion at all. Every citizen is free to think as he pleases about re-ligious matters, and the Constitution pro-tects him in that freedom. Any Church can set up a university or as many uni-versities as it likes, and teach whatever religious dogmas it prefers; and the ques-tion which are liberal and which narrow, must be left to the people themselves. They can support those they like and reject those whose instruction is offensive to them. It is a free field in which every-body has a chance. The Roman Catholics have as much right in it as the Protest-ants, the Jews as much as the Christians. Accordingly, the Government can not enter into the competition by throwing its power in favor of any religious party, without outraging the fundamental prin-ciples of our political system. It is not its function to teach any religion or to  oppose any religion, to show Protestant " liberality " or to expose Papal " narrow-ness." Each of those religious families must do its own showing, opposing, and exposing for itself. Outside of all questions of religion, too, the scheme for a National University at Washington, founded and maintained by the Government, is impracticable and absurd. What principles of political econ-omy, for instance, would it teach ? Should it change them with the changes of po-litical control of the Government ? If Congress sets up the university, it must regulate its curriculum and its policy and theory of education. As the political complexion of Congress varies, those would have to vary also. Moreover, there is no occasion, no need for such a university. What is desirable rather, is the development of the univer-sities which we already have. Non-sec-tarian education is already provided by most of them, and they carry liberality to its extreme. If the Pope is to be converted, the con-version must be effected by some other power than the United States. Senator Edmunds will be at liberty next November to take hold of the job on his own account.ŠThe Sun. _ Ł Ł  It Is Un-American. THE " Pearl of Days," of May 2, has the following relative to the work of the so-called American Sabbath Union :Š The second quarterly meeting of the Board of Managers of the American Sabbath Union was held at No. 23 Park Row, New York, April 27. The following members of the Board were present : Rev. Drs. J. M. King, J. Elmendorf, G. S. Mott, L. Williams, J. H. Knowles, and W. J. R. Taylor, *and Messrs R. N. Perlee— W. R. Worrall, A. S. Bacon and W. Irwin. The Corresponding Secretary, Rev. Dr. W. J. R. Taylor, gave a full and interest-ing account of Sabbath observance in Washington, D. C. , and of his labors in that city during the past quarter. The General Secretary reported in re-spect to the publications of the Union, the official correspondence, the work of organizing the States and recent efforts to prevent obnoxious Sunday legislation. The Board unanimously commended the American Sabbath, the new official organ of the Union, and readjusted certain parts of the work in distant States, with a view to increased efficiency. The reports indicated hopeful progress, organizing new societies and establishing thos2 already existing. The officers of the Union are manifest-ing a zeal worthy of a better cause, and notwithstanding the bad blood that showed itself at Philadelphia, last December, the organization is making its influence felt. In discussing the work of the Union the " Pearl of Days " says :Š The most urgent need of this hour is a deeper conviction respecting the holy SabbathŠits divine purpose, its unchanging perpetuity, its necessity to man's highest intellectual and moral development. How may this conviction become universal ? The evangelical pulpit of our country Ł is charged with this responsibility. The home and the school may cooperate with the pulpit. Societies organized with thiS in view may assist in molding public sentiment. In addition to these agencies the public press may  be enlisted. Throughout the whole land these and kindred forces should unite in the all-important work of impressing the conscience. In this way a holier type of Sabbath observance will follow, and God's blessing will abundantly enrich all souls. The American Sabbath Union seeks this end. It proposes no partisan alliance, no special religious forms, no substitute for the Church. It will in-culcate Scriptural sentiments and enforce Chris-tian obligations. It will exalt the SabbathŠGod's bright, cheerful day. It will show how the weekly rest is a necessity to our nature, and the security of our civil commonwealth. It will encourage the enforcement of the Sunday lawsŠearnestly, judi-ciously. It will especially aim to strengthen the friends of the Lord's day in united effort. We ask for our American Sabbath Union a hearty recog-nition. By " the school " we presume the " Pearl " means the public schools ; but by what right it would use the public school to create " a deeper conviction re-specting the holy SabbathŠits divine purpose, its unchanging perpetuity," does not appear. Certain it is that this is something that the public school has no right to teach. The suggestion shows the dangerous and utterly un-American char-acter of this so-called American Sabbath UnionŠa Union that would manipulate the public schools in the interest of its dogmas. Ł Ł Ł  They Demand a Recognition of the Day as a Religious Institution. IF any evidence is still required to show that that which the American Sab- bath Union demands, at the hands of the Directors of the World's Fair, is a recog-nition of the day as a religious institution it is supplied by the following editorial from the Mail and Express of May 4 :Š OBEY GOD. For once, we call attention to the text* at the head of this page, and we seriously commend the study of it to the National Commission and to the Board of Directors of the Chicago Columbian Exposition. They are put to the test by the proposition sub-mitted to them by the American Sabbath Union, that the gates of the Fair shall be closed on the Sabbath, and that they shall immediately announce that decision. They hold the fate of the Nation in their hands. If they shall decide to trample upon the law of God, by breaking the fourth commandment, which requires all mankind to keep God's day holy, and not to do any work therein, nor to allow their servants, nor their cattle, nor visiting strangerg to do any work therein, they may expect a continu-ance of the querulous and paralyzing counsels that have afflicted their body and the pestilences that have afflicted the city of Chicago. They may also expect that the Christian people of these United States will boar refrain from send-ing exhibits to the Exposition and also from at-tending the Exposition themselves ; which will inflict a very severe loss upon them financially and greatly detract from the beauty, variety, and com-pleteness of the Exposition. The Christians of the United States are deter-mined in this matter. Either the Sabbath is to be kept within the precincts of the Fair, or they will in no way lend it their aid and countenance. They have already been sufficiently  insulted by the adroit procrastination visited upon the Sabbath, and the pigeon-holing of their respectful petitions, which have rained upon the Commission almost * Jer. 18; 7-10. 