68 THE .A.mERICAN and will be protected by the law in all his rights as a citizen, and if he chooses to swear support to a constitution which he does not like (as some monarchists in principle do now, but which I would not advise him to do) he can also hold office, if he can find enough people to think him worthy of it." We cannot help stopping in the midst of this extract, and exclaiming, Magnanimous, very! Put the Jew under civil disabilities, and then suggest he can violate his conscience if he deems proper, and under these auspicious (?) circum-stances why, "if he can find enough people to think him worthy he can also hold office!" Glorious privilege, indeed! Excellent exhibi-tion of Christian charity for the conversion of the Jew! But we are not done with the ex-tract. He says further:Š "And if he does not choose to vote or hold office under a Christian Constitution, he can abstain, and it will not hurt him nor injure any one else. He will Ł then be merely where God has put him, without power to exercise civil authority." We had thought that the arguments to sustain African slavery were dead and buried. But, to our amazement, we have them here resurrected, and animated with new life and vigor, and sent forth on a new mission. Before the trumpet of the American jubilee sounded in the ears of Africa's sable sons, were they not where God put them? Was not the Bible ran-sacked to find some sin of their ancestors that would justify the infliction of the wrongs of slavery? Was not the origin of the race bur-lesqued by the Scottish bard, "How graceless Ham laughed at his dad, Which made Canaan a nigger," The only argument in the mouths of thousands, to justify the enslaving of colored men, the sup-posed descendants of Canaan the son of Ham? These arguments were again and again torn to shreds by a common-sense logic, that the hu-miliation of a people, though foretold in Script-ures, would never justify others in the infliction of wrong, unless they were the divinely con-stituted executioners of Heaven's vengeance. Strange indeed, that these same arguments should become potent again in the mind of any one to justify the imposition of civil disabilities upon , the Jew, because his ancestors, some nearly two thousand years ago, in religious frenzy, crucified the promised Messiah! Did the unnatural act of Jacob's sons in selling their young brother, justify the Egyptians in treat-ing their descendants cruelly? God's terrible judgments on that nation contain the answer. We rejoice that our national escutcheon is not stained, like that of old England, with the per-secution of the Jew. Here he is treated as a man, and offered the same privileges as others. From the above we take it as an admitted factŠadmitted by the advocates of the meas-ure themselves, that were the amendments in-serted, some would either have to violate their conscience, or surrender their civil privileges.ŠRev. Wm. Ballantine. THE creation of a national and uncompro-mising church led the Congregationalists of Massachusetts to the indulgence of the pas-sions which disgraced their English persecutors, and Laud was justified by the men whom he wronged."ŠBancroft. "National Reformers" the Enemies of American Institutions. THE readers of the SENTINEL must know that in its opposition to the so-called National Re-form movement it is actuated by no personal feelings whatever. Although frequent refer- ence is made to the men and papers that are working for the amendment, it is not done with the design of impugning their motives or call- ing especial attention to them, but because the only way we can show the errors of the Na- tional Reform movement is by quoting what its supporters say for it. We believe that many if not all of the leaders in the movement are honest in their motives, but they have become blinded by a selfish ambition which they mis-take for religious zeal. To show that the movement is directly contrary to the spirit of the golden rule, we quote from an article by Rev. J. J. McCarrell, entitled "The Civil Sab- bath," in the Christian Nation of June 9. He says:Š " Those who have come from afar, and find life a burden here, knew the character of our institutions before they came. If they have helped to develop our resources and fight our battles, we are not slow to recognize the full value of those services. We accord to them the full rights of citizenship, and all the bless-ings of preserved nationality, the common re-ward of all alike. But we decline to accept the doctrine that those services confer upon them the privilege of bringing upon our beloved land a worse scourge and destruction than those averted 'by the civil war. If any of our citizens find our institutions intolerable, our strict Sunday laws too hard to bear, our attempts to secure sobriety, quietness, and de-cency, too great a burden for their freedom-loving souls, there is only one way of escape froM this bondage. Our gates of egress are just as wide as our gates of ingress. They are three thousand miles broad, and are shut neither by day nor by night. If these oppressed and over-burdened souls wish to seek a better coun-try under the sun, the way is open, and not a tongue will ever wag dissent." We wish it to be distinctly understood that we would be second to none in upholding "American institutions" against any attempt on the part of " those who have come from afar," to overthrow them. With anarchy and An.. archists we have no sympathy. When men combine to overthrow the laws that protect the rights of men we would oppose them in every lawful way. But we have no more objection to this kind of work when done by "those who come from afar " than when done by those born in the land. Now let us notice the incon-sistency and the-  selfishness and disregard of the rights of others, that is manifested in the 'above paragraph. The writer says that foreigners who do not choose to conform to our customs and usages should leave; and the keeping of Sunday pre- sumably on the authority of the fourth com-mandment, is regarded as one of those usages. If men do not want to keep Sunday according to the strict law of Pennsylvania, they have no business here. Now we would like to know how the Amen dmentists can harmonize such a position with the position which they take on the Chinese question. The Chinese are heathen; they do not acknowledge God, but bow down to the most disgusting idols, thus breaking the first and second commandments; they know  and care nothing about Jesus Christ; like all heathen, they think it -no wrong to defraud or steal, if they are not detected; and they pay not the slightest regard to Sunday, and know no rest-day but their New Year Holiday. Many American citizens are endeavoring to have these Chinese driven from our country, and have succeeded in securing laws prohibit-ing their further immigration. But the Amend-mentists utterly condemn all such proceedings, They claim that such a course is unjust. Now we ask how they can harmonize their wish to drive off the man who objects to their strict Sunday laws, with their objection to driving off the Chinaman who not only disregards Sunday, but who openly and repulsively violates all the commandments ? The application of National Reform principles to-day, or ten years from to-day, would make it necessary to press every ocean steamer into the service of carrying Chinamen back to their native land. It would exclude the Chinese from this country as effect-ually as would the wildest scheme ever advo-cated by Kearney or O'Donnell. So we say that National Reformers are inconsistent. Now as to their selfishness. This country was settled by those who came here that they might worship according to the dictates of their own conscience, free from oppression for opin-ion's sake. The principle of religious freedom is the principle on which this Government was founded. It is the first and best of our " Amer-ican institutions." Now the error of the Na-tional Reformers is in regarding the particular beliefs and practices of the pilgrim fathers as American institutions, which must be upheld at all hazards, forgetting that the principle of lib-erty, both civil and religious, is the only dis-tinctive American institution. They say, " Our fathers, who settled this country, venerated the 'Christian Sabbath' ; they have bequeathed it to us as an American institution; and if we would not be false to their memory we must see that the Sunday is kept by all men, and kept as they kept it." But in that very reso-lution they are false to the memory of our fathers who bequeathed to us the principles of liberty which we possess. True loyalty to American institutions would be to say, "Here are some who do not hold as we do on some points of religious faith and practice; now we will not only allow them to hold and carry out their ideas, but will protect them in so doing, just as we ourselves would like to be protected in our opinions." This would not only be in accordance with American institutions, but it would be in harmony with the golden rule: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Of course it is always understood that in guaranteeing all men liberty of thought and action, the Government stipulates that no one shall disturb others in the exercise of their rights. Nothing less than this would be liberty to all. But the further error of the National Reformers is in supposing that all who differ with them are infringing on their rights. Mr. McCarrell of Pennsylvania, together with enough other Pennsylvanians to make a strict Sunday law, imagine that because they want to keep Sunday strictly everybody else must do the same. It may be that their neighbor 