120 - .A,MIW]all CA. INT SIEINT917111‚11E6IL4., VoL. 10, No. 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 11, 1895. Dr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having  ordered it may know that it is sent to hint by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE mission of this number of the SENTI-NEL is to call attention to the injustice per-petrated against a harmless people in Tennes-see, and to announce the principles for which they suffer. It is not to create sympathy for them. They do not need it. If their faith is not worth suffering for it is not worth pro-fessing. The object is to bring before all the people the vital principles of truth and reli-gious liberty involved in these persecutions, that they may be saved from participating in the cruel work. " Offenses will come, but woe unto him through whom they come." HE who fails to protest against the perse-cution of his neighbor, thereby virtually for-feits the right to protest when he is himself persecuted. "AMONG all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God."ŠFrom committee report adopted by the United States Senate, Jan. 19, 1829. OUR first page illustration shows the jail at Dayton, Rhea County, Tenn., in which are confined in this year of our Lord 1895, five Seventh-day Adventists, on the charge of " violating the Sabbath." Two of the eight imprisoned March 8, have served their sen-tence and are at liberty. " IT is incumbent on the authors of perse-cution previously to reflect whether they are determined to support it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to ex-tinguish; and it soon becomes necessary to chastise the contumacy, as well as the crime, of the offender. The fine, which he is unable or unwilling to discharge, exposes his person to the severity of the law; and his contempt of lighter penalties suggests the use and pro-priety of capital punishment."ŠGibbon. THE Sunday law of Tennessee is supposed to be for the purpose of protecting the public morals, and yet one of the questions asked several of the jurors in " the Adventist cases," was, " Have you any conscientious scruples against trying such a case, and, if so, can you lay them aside and decide according to the law and the evidence?" What kind of morality must it be that can be fostered by laws, to administer which courts and jurors must needs lay aside their conscientious convictions? And what guarantee of even common honesty remains when conscience is laid aside, violated, trampled-in the dust? THE Seventh-day Adventist academy :at GraysVille, Tenn., still stands a mute witness to the intolerance of certain Sunday-keepers of that State. It will not be opened again during the present school year, and with thirty or more new indictments against the teachers,- patrons and students of the institu-tion, it is clear that when it opens it must be with a new corps of instructors, and largely with new students. However it will open with the fall term. 0 Freedom! Thy birthright was not given by human hands: Thou wert twin-born with man. * * * * Tyranny himself, Thy enemy, although of reverend look, Hoary with many years, and far obeyed, Is later born than thou; and as he meets The grave defiance of thine elder eye, The usurper trembles in his fastnesses. Thou shalt wax stronger with the lapse of years, But he shall fade into a feebler age; Feebler, yet subtler. He shall weave his snares, And spring them on thy careless steps, and clap His withered hands, and from their ambush call His hordes to fall upon thee. He shall send Quaint maskers, wearing fair and gallant forms, To catch thy gaze, and uttering graceful words To charm thy ear; while his sly imps, by stealth, Twine round thee threads of steel, light thread on thread That grow to fetters; or bind down thy arms With chains concealed in chaplets. Oh! not yet Mayst thou unbrace thy corslet, nor lay by Thy sword ; nor yet, 0 Freedom close thy lids In slumber; for thine enemy never sleeps, And thou must watch and combat till the day Of the new earth and heaven. * * * ŠWilliam Cullen Bryant. A letter received after going to press states that the sheriff at the time of writing was serving warrants on sixteen members of the Graysville Seventh-day Adventist church, who are charged with Sunday work. We will give the names next week. The letter also states that the petition for the release of those now imprisoned was rejected by a vote of 13 to 11. A Stupendous Wrong.. [Editorial from the Dayton Republican, March 23.] Do the good citizens of Dayton and Rhea County fully realize the enormous wrong being perpetrated upon the sacred rights of individ-ual citizenship as guaranteed by our blood-bought Constitution, in the imprisonment in the county jail of eight of the Christian citi-zens of this county, because, forsooth, they have worshiped God according to the dictates of conscience? Can they quietly and complacently look on while this startling nineteenth century paradox is being enacted? Will God approve of this oppression of a branch of his devoted followers? and will he not rebuke in the day of judgment the perse-cution th'ese people are undergoing for opin-ion's sake at the hands of others of his pro-fessed followers? and will he not further hold to a strict accountability the passive indiffer-ence of others of his followers who quietly allow this great wrong to be perpetrated? Christians all, Presbyterians, Methodists, Catholics, Baptists, Episcopalians and every denomination that worships in the name of the Lord of Hosts, and whose hearts have im-bibed the humanity and love illustrated in the life of- Christ, put yourselves in these men's place. They have been taken from their fam-ilies, deprived of liberty; the stigma of felon placed upon them, their business broken up, and a portion of their property virtually con-fiscated by the State, and for what? For wor-shiping the God of their fathers ! Shades of Washington and Jefferson, look down upon us and restore our faith in, and love for, the Declaration of Independence! Are we insensate blocks of wood, that we shall quietly allow this persecution to proceed? The very walls of the jail cry out in thun-derous tones of eloquent indignation against this offense. Do we need a new Declaration of Independ-ence, in order to quicken our sense of liberty and justice? In the broad light of the closing nineteenth century, with all the facts of the past ages serving as warnings, are Christians to still suffer a martyrdom for the faith that is in them? Have Luther and Wesley and Whit-field and Rogers lived in vain, that we have not yet learned the lesson that the truth shall make men free? THE gravity of the situation in Tennessee demands that this issue reach a circulation of at least half a million copies. Price, one dollar per hundred; eight dollars per thousand. Freedom. Is true freedom but to break Fetters for our own dear sake, Arid with leathern hearts forget That we owe mankind a debt 2 :No; trite freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear, And, with heart and hand, to be In earnest to make others free. They are slaves who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak ; They are slaves who will not choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, Rather than in silence shrink From the truth they needs must think ; They are slaves who dare not be In the right with two or three. ŠJames Russell Lowell, A BILL was introduced into the Tennessee Legislature on the 2nd inst., the purpose of which is to make all personal property liable for fines and costs, including the State and county tax, in misdemeanor cases. Should this bill become a law it will enable the ene-mies of the Adventists to absolutely strip them of personal property under the Sunday law of that State. " THE whole history of the Christian reli-gion shows that she, is in fa;! greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition."ŠMacaulay. OHR issue of March 21, containing the cut of the closed academy, is a valuable compan-ion number to this issue, and can be had in any quantities at the usual rates. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, . either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City, 