798 AMERICAN SENTINEL. agency. It is the general belief, in Washington that Cuba will ultimately be added to theUnited States. While the President and the people of the United States are pledged to the independence of the island if the Cubans prove themselves capable of maintaining a stable government, it is expected they will never demonstrate that ability, and that this Government will never be able to withdraw from the island. Roman Catholics in the confidence of Archbishop Ireland and Monsignore Martinelli declare with positiveness that the popehas authorized the move-ment to hasten the union." It is expected that the Cubans will never be able to demonstrate their capacity for self-government, says this dispatch. And whether peace and order are restored in the Mend or not, we are told, depends very largely upon the priests who exercise so great an influence over the population. This was one of the reasons advanced for securing the support of theUnited States Government for the church in Cuba. It would be very bad policy, it was said, by refusing this support to offend these priests who are able to sway the populace either in the direction of peace and order, or against it. Rome understands that she has the power to determine whether the Cuban people shall ever demonstrate their fitness for self-gov-ernment or not; and hence she can speak confidently on the side of the view that they never will do this, and hence should be brought under the rule of the United States in order that stable government may be secured. Rome has much to gain by bringing the late Spanish colonies under the authority of so friendly and strong a Government as the United States. Other Spanish colo-nies which have broken away from Spanish ruleŠsuch as Mexico and the states of South AmericaŠhave shown a decided tendency to break away from the rule of Rome, to confiscate the overgrown church property, and in various ways to curtail the church's encroachment upon the liberties and rights of the people. In the Philippines, were the people left to act on their own judgment, this course would undoubtedly be taken at the present time; and it is by no means certain that the same thing would not be done by the Cubans, ultimately at least, were they to become an independent nation. Hence Rome greatly desires that they shall be held in check by a strong hand friendly to herself, and will use all her influence to this end. It is a great pity that when a long-oppressed people succeed in throwing off the yoke of Spain, they should not be left free to cast off that spiritual yoke which has made the Spanish yoke the, intolerable thing that it is. While the yoke of the papacy remains, the liberty for which the Cubans and Filipinos' have so long fought will remain an elusive dream. Ł- 0. Ł  4 4 IN reply to a query by one of its readers whether or not the Government has promised to pay priests -ern_ ployed on the lands taken from Spain, the Toledo:Blade says:Š "If you had thought a moment,llyou would not have  sent that'question, for you would have considered that, had it been true, the Blade and all other newspapers would have had an account of it in their news columns. Furthermore, if you had considered the matter a little further, you would have remembered that no public money can be used in the United States to maintain any church or religious teachers, and that therefore it can-not be so used in any of the islandi coming under the au-thority of the United States. "Now, do you understand that the story is simply "a stupid lie, or must we assure you of that fact still further?" The Blade needs sharpening. Appropriations of pub-lic funds for sectarian uses have been going on in this country for years in plain view of reading and observing people. Only recently the Government paid $288,000 to the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, and within re-cent years it has given millions of dollars to various churches, notably the Catholic Church, for sectarian uses. The Blade ought to know this; but the people ought to know that the average newspaper is not a reliable source of information upon such questions. A SAMPLE of the way in which Roman Catholic prop-agandists are doing "missionary" work amongignorant Protestants comes to us from California, in a newspaper clipping, which says:Š "The Rev. Father Hopper delivered an able lecture Thanksgiving night upon 'The Blessed -Virgin the Mother of God.' "The audience was carried away with the force and unction of his words. "As he drew his lecture to a close he took a text of Holy Scripture saying. 'It is a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they may be saved from their sins.'" This "text of Holy Scripture" will be found next to the text which says that the first day of the week is the Sabbath. The real student of Scripture will not be carried away with the "force and unction" of glaring religious fraud. CHRISTIANITY can control the nation only by first entering the hearts of the individual constituents of the nation; and it can enter there only by invitation, not by force. To TRY to uphold the law of God by a civil statute is like a man trying to uphold a mountain. Let the law of God uphold you. To ANY person outside of Christ the law of God speaks nothing but condemnation; and this condition cannot be changed by embodying the law of God in the law of the land. 