146 TGIF, AMERICAN SENTINEL,. people a factitious advantage over the other part without to the same extent abridging the natural rights of the less favored part. It follows that even accord-ing to Judge Hammond himself, Sunday laws are not in harmony with the princi-ples of the Declaration of Independence. Another Sunday Bill in Congress. THE process of grinding down the wedge of recognition of the propriety of.  Sunday legislation by Congress, and its committal to a course of religious legislation, still goes on. This time a very thin edge has been attained. The icemen of the city of Washington, either of their own motion or incited by those who are anxious for the passage of more Sunday laws for the District of Columbia,Šbecause that would give to the whole movement the support and authority of Congress,Šat a meeting on the 30th of March resolved to ask the assistance of the churches in the stoppage of the Sunday delivery of ice. To this end a circular was sent out asking church support; and on Sunday evening, April 17, a special service in behalf of icemen was held in the Central Presbyterian Church, the pastor of which has been credited with the authorship of the bill "to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday," otherwise known as the "Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia." At this service a show of massing the employes of the ice companies was made, the body of the church being especially reserved for them. Besides this the Baptist ministers' conference was es-pecially appealed to on the subject, though why the icemen should have particularly cared for the co-operation of the Baptists more than any others, is difficult to see, unless they were acting under the advice of counsel who had told them that the Baptists were opposed to legislation upon religious matters, and who hoped through this subtilty to get the Baptist ministers to commit themselves to the support of the passage of Sunday laws for the Dis-trict of Columbia by Congress. This de-vice succeeded, for the Baptist ministers passed this resolution :Š Inasmuch as at a meeting held in this city on the evening of the 30th of March, 1892, by the dealers in ice and their employes, action was taken for the purpose of stopping the sale and delivery of ice on Sunday, we are in sympathy with the action, and that we will assist in the movement to observe the Lord's day, and thereby secure to the employes the opportunity of religious worship by a release from labor on Sunday. All the proceedings in this matter, up to this point, so far as they had been made public, were open to the possible interpre-tation of being simply preparatory to ask-ing all dealers and consumers to enter into a mutual agreement as to the non-delivery of ice on Sunday. A perfectly proper proceeding to which no reasonable person could bring any honest objection; for they have an unquestionable right to so agree among themselves if they choose. But all this was preliminary to something else, and that to which it was a prelude ap-peared in the Congressional Record, of April 26, where, in the proceedings of the Senate for the day before, it is recorded under the title,Š "Bills introduced,"ŠMr. McMillan (by request) introduced a bill (S. 2994) to prevent the sale or de-livery of ice within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday; which was read twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. In the House record for the same day is this, under the head, " Petitions," etc.,Š By Mr. Hemphill: Petition of drivers and em-ployes of the different ice companies in the District of Columbia, asking the prohibition of the delivery and sale of ice in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day,Što the Committee on the District of Columbia. The penalty which these icemen have asked to have laid upon them for the de-livery or sale of ice on Sunday is fixed at from twenty-five to fifty dollars, and it extends to any sale or delivery of ice on Sunday whatever, either from wagons, depots, or supply stations. By this bill ice dealers and their employes and saloon-ists and barkeepers are put on precisely the same footing in the District of Colum-bia, and ice classed with whiskey, as mala prohibita on Sunday. No provision even seems to have been made to permit the drug stores to go into the ice business on Sunday for the use of the sick, as if Sunday ice were even more deleterious than Sunday. whiskey. This bill is to be introduced also in the House. It will go before Congress as the special request of a worthy body of work-ingmen of the District. It remains to be seen to what extent these men have been persuaded that they are not their own masters, and if they really are possessed of such a belief, to whom they owe it. W, H. M. The Establishment of Religion by Co-lonial Grant and Charter. IN the case of the Rector, etc., of the Church of the Holy Trinity vs. the United States, Mr. Justice Brewer quotes, in his opinion, what he designates as a " mass of organic utterances that this is a Christian Nation." He begins with " the commission to Christopher Columbus, prior to his sail westward," from the King and Queen of Spain, refers to the colonial charters from King James, and says, " In language more or less emphatic, is the establishment of the Christian religion declared to be one of the purposes of the grant." In this connection Justice Brewer continues :Š The celebrated compact made by the pilgrims in the Mayflower, 1620, recites : " Having undertaken for the Glory of God, and Advancement of the Christian Faith, and the Honor of our King and Country, a Voyage to plant the first Colony in the northern Parts of Virginia; Do by these Presents, solemnly and mutually, in the Presence of God and one another, covenant and combine ourselves to-gether into a Civil Body Politick, for our better Ordering and Preservation, and Furtherance of the Ends aforesaid." This compact was made on board the ' Mayflower, November 11, 1620, and the introduction, preceding the words which Justice Brewer quotes, is :Š In the name of God, amen, We, whose names are underwritten, the loyal subjects of our dread sovereign Lord, King James, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, De-fender of the Faith, etc. This was the very first governmental expression of the Pilgrim Fathers, and,ac-cording to Justice Brewer, as shown by the connection in which he quotes it, shows conclusively that their purpose was " the establishment of the Christian religion." Avoiding, at this time, the consideration of the question as to what authority an establishment of religion created, or pur-posed to be created by them should have over us now, it is, nevertheless, interest= ing to investigate the character of the re-ligion established, as expressed in the laws which enforced it. In 1818 the attention of the Legislature of Massachusetts being called to the his- torical value of the old legislative records of the Colony of Plymouth, a committee of three was appointed, one of them being a clergyman, to search out, arrange, and transcribe these records. After describing the condition in which the originals were found the committee says The copies made from the above form eleven folio volumes, and are indexed like the originals. All the laws and legislative proceeding are copied, with as much of the other records as was thought to be useful or interesting to the public. The parts not copied are most of the private deeds, actions, wills and inventories. In 1836 the Legislature ordered these old records published. The work was done under the supervision of William Brigham, counsellor at law, who says in his preface, after quoting the report of the committee of 1818 :Š Such is the source from which this volume has been formed. The design of preserving the laws as near their original form as possible has been kept constantly in view, and for this purpose their chro-nological arrangement has been preserved, and the ancient orthography retained. This arrangement exhibits more fully than any other the progress of public opinion in legislation, and the changes which took place, from time to time, in the laws, corres-ponding to those in the condition, wants and insti-tutions of the Colony. It is explained further that the method followed throughout has been such as it was thought would best preserve " the spirit of the people as embodied in their laws," and give the work the highest "historical interest and value." Again in 1889 there was published by order of the City Council of Boston, " The Colonial Laws of Massachusetts, reprinted from the edition of 1660, with the supple-ments to 1672, containing also the Body of Liberties of 1641," and reproduced from the original by the photo-electrotyping process. From such authorities as these it is not possible that any false impression can be received as to the matter or spirit of the early legislation of the Puritan Colonies. The first recorded legislative proceeding to further the purpose of establishing religion under the Mayflower compact is found under laws passed in 1636, in which " solemn compaction or conversing with the divell by way of witchcraft, conjura-tion or the like," is declared to be a cap-ital offense, punishable with death; and also " that it be in the power of the Gov-ernor and assistant to command solemn days of humiliation by fasting, etc., and also for thanksgiving, as occasion shall be offered." And again in 1639 the general court makes and confirms an act,Š That whosoever shall prophanely sweare or curse by the name of God or any of his titles, attributes, word, or works, upon proof e thereof made by suffi-cient testymony or confession of the party, h shall pay for every such default 12d, or be set in the stocks so that it exceed not the space of three hours or putt in prison according to the natur and quality of the person. It begins to be evident that Justice Brewer was right, it was the purpose of the grant to form an establishment of re-ligion; and these loyal Puritans are be-ginning to carry it out, in a way that bodes some discomfort, it is true, to such as may be accused of witchcraft, and after a manner that may reduce, by a few pence, the well filled purse of the cavalier, from whose lips the aristocratic oaths of the day were wont to flow so fluently, while the uncouth curse of Hodge might put him in the stocks. The fact that this law is a respecter of persons, and the some-what startling mystery of " compaction with the divell" and its capital penalty might rouse some natural suspicions al- 