THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 331 paragraph quoted from Mr. Leiper, is the statement that if the officers of the law would only do their duty "this of itself would solve the Sabbath problem of this land." Then all there is to the " Sabbath question " is simply to secure cessation from labor such as could be secured by civil law rigidly enforced! This does not agree very well with the following utter- ance by Rev. S. M. Bell, of Butler, Pa., in the Pittsburg Sunday convention, on the 29th of last March. Mr. Bell said :Š We have not so much to fear from foe as from friend. The great foe of the Sabbath is the cor-ruption and apathy of the individual conscience. It has come upon us little by little. We have gone through the years until the individual conscienceŠI will not say the public conscience, for the public has no conscienceŠhas become weak. . . . I want to say that the great peril of the Sabbath is the corruption and the apathy of the individual conscience. . . . I would have no fear for the Sabbath if the individual conscience were right. I have no hope of saving the Sabbath except as we revive the individual conscience. Mr. Leiper has no hope for Sunday ex-cept in the enforcement of civil law. Mr. Bell thinks the only hope is in educating the individual conscience. Is not Mr. Bell's the better plan ? Or does Mr. Leiper think to revive the individual conscience by means of civil penalties ?ŠScarcely. But not only does Mr. Leiper fail to comprehend the real idea of a Sabbath and of Sabbath observance, but he evi-dently has no proper conception of the nature of a failure to observe a Sabbath. He says:Š Because Sabbath-breaking does not, as stealing, take money directly from the pockets of the people, the perpetrators are mostly allowed to escape just punishment, while the thieving of a peck of pota-toes from the crowded grocery pavement or a coat from the rack of the clothier, will call to faithful duty a half dozen of " blue coats " who hunt to find the half-starved, shivering offender, who must lie thirty days in jail for his crime. All this may occur on the one and the same Sabbath, the gro-cery and clothing house being open. Any violation of law should be met by its proper punishment; but the thief in the above case, if he is suffering from want, may be at heart a patriot while every intentional Sabbath-breaker is at heart an anar-chist; (If an exclamation point here would give suf-ficient emphasis, I would place one after anarchist) and we are taught that the anarchist, because of the danger he is to society, should be met with the rigor of the law. So thought and acted the author-ities of Chicago a few, years ago. Under this same conviction the administrators of law in New York incarcerated the German agitator, Most. . . . Most spoke openlyŠbut who are the proprietors of these Sabbath-breaking sheets ? Echo answers, Who ? One thing in favor of these Sunday News-paper men is thus made apparent; their hiding from public view as they perpetrate this wicked-ness proves that they are not lost to all shame. In the meantime let the friends of the Sabbath in every county in Pennsylvania see to it that the candidates for the legislature for whom they vote this fall are pledged to preserve the law of 1794 in-tact, and if any change should be made let the penalty be raised all over the State to $25 for each and every violation of it. If the mails on the Sab-bath were every where discontinued, the Sunday newspaper business would be settled. Can this be done ? This requires little comment, as it shows as plainly as words can show the bitter spirit that is back of the present Sunday-law movement. The reference to the action of Chicago in dealing with the anarchists a few years ago shows what Mr. Leiper thinks would be proper pun-ihsment for the violator of a Sunday law. They hanged anarchists in Chicago, and this is not the first time that the pious (?) Sunday advocates have intimated that hanging would be none too severe a pun-ishment for those who refuse to observe the " American Sabbath." Another thought in connection with Mr. Leiper's words is this : He appeals to the precedent set in the case of Anarchist  Most in this city. Most was not impris-oned for breaking the law himself but for inciting others to lawlessness. And now it is said that the same thing should be done in the cases of the Sunday papers; those who print them should be punished for inciting others to break the Sunday laws. How long will it be before freedom of speech will be taken away in the in-terests of religious laws in this country ? How long before it will be held to be in-cendiary language to deny the propriety of Sunday laws or the sacredness of the day ? Certainly not long if such men as Mr. Leiper have their way. C. P. B. The Sabbatarians and the World's Fair. IN the following paragraph the Chron-icle gives a very fair statement of the con-troversy concerning the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday The battle which is now being fought in the con-gressional districts of the United States to secure the election of men pledged to allow the opening of the World's Fair on Sundays will not be a fair battle between the advocates of an " open " and a " closed " Sunday, for many people who believe in a strict, even puritanical, observance of the first day of the week, are now in favor of opening the gates of the Exhibition on Sunday. On the other hand, the very worst classes in Chicago are work-ing with the Sabbatarians. The reason for this strange combination is that the proprietors of the theatres, gambling houses, public-houses, and race-tracks located in or near Chicago want to have the great crowd of visitors all in their hands to " pluck " on this one day of the week. They will all keep open house on Sunday, of course, and they don't want the World's Fair as a rival. The re-ligious element will vote, at least a section of them, to open the Fair on the broad ground of choosing the lesser of two evils. But the Chronicle has unintentionally made a great mistake. It says that "the very worst classes are working with the Sabbatarians." Now, while it is true that the very worst classes, as the pro-prietors of theatres, gambling-houses, etc., are in favor of Sunday closing, since that would mean a better chance for them, it is in no wise true that Sabbata-rians are in favor of Sunday closing. As a matter of fact, the Sabbatarians of the United States do not care whether the Fair is opened on Sunday or not. And yet it is a fact that very many church peo-ple, especially the ministers, are working for the closing of the Fair on that day, because they know that if it is open on Sunday it will be a rival of the churches as well as of the public houses. How can this paradox be explained ? Very easily; Sabbatarians are people who keep the Sabbath, and the Sabbath is not Sunday, but the seventh day of the week. The commandment says, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Sabbath is the name of the seventh day; and no other day has ever been called the Sabbath by divine authority. Sunday has no more right to the title " Sabbath " than Monday has. Consequently only those who keep the seventh day are Sabbatarians; and it is evident that they care not whether the Fair is opened on Sunday or not. They take no interest in the discussion of the question, except to show the people that even if Sunday were a Christian institu-tion, instead of a pagan holiday, enforced Sunday observance would be contrary to the gospel. We are glad to be able to say, however, that there are many of the people in the  United States who keep Sunday, who do not believe that the liberty of the gospel consists in forcing other people to do just as they do.ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Church Unity Now in View. THE legislative and judicial union of religion with the State, which has taken place in this country, will necessarily re-quire, sooner or later, an expression of views from the different denominations similar to a political platform. This will be necessary in order that it may be known what the opinions of the different religious organizations are upon public issues. It has been proved to congressmen, legislators, and public officers in general, that financial and political profit is to be found by an alliance with the churches. The churches have boasted that this would become the case. It is now an as-sured fact. Congressmen have openly acknowledged it to be so. Popular preach-ers have referred to it with pride. They have said that the Church had not before realized its power in the halls of legisla-tion; and they have not hesitated to say, now that they have begun to comprehend the control which it is in the power of the Church to exercise over legislative mat-ters, that the voice of the Church will hereafter be heard in legislatures, and in Congress, much oftener and much louder than heretofore. However, in the pres-ent condition of denominational division, the Church would not be able to speak with any single certain voice. To remedy this, church unity is necessary. The Catholic Review says :Š It is a dictate of reason that every organized body must have a head. The Church is either an organized body or it is not. If it is not an organ-ized body, if it is a mere heterogeneous conglomer-ation of individuals then no head is necessary, and it is " every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost." No man has a right to call any other man to account for his belief, and it really does not matter what a man believes, for one man is as good as another; he has just as much right to his opinion and is just as likely to be right as another, for no man can tell absolutely whether he has the truth or not. At the great conference, on the " Re-union of Christendom," lately held at Grindelwald, Switzerland, the Bishop of Worcester said, " How can we ascertain what `one faith' is unless we put it into wordsŠinto the form of a creed ?" He supported " the connection of Church and State that there might be a national rec-ognition of God." But Mr. Hugh Price Hughes, who attended the Methodist Ecu-menical Council, held in Washington last year, had learned there how a union of Church and State can be brought about according to the new methods of the New World, and he pointed out to the Bishop that " that could be secured by a united church, and by Christian laws and by a Christian home and foreign policy." This same thought of unity was upper-most at the conference of the National Council of Congregational Churches just held at Minneapolis, Minn. It was said :Š The growing interest in the cause of Christian union is noted as one of the most manifest and most auspicious signs of the times. The promo-tion of Christian union must begin from within. The Roman Catholic body is recognized as a branch of the Church of Christ, and the report welcomes the opportunities to co-operate with its members, clergy or laity, in the advancement of the cause of Christian truth and Christian morals, The atti-tude of the Episcopal Church coming forward in England and America, bearing an olive branch, is heartily commended. Church unity is recognized by them all 