90 l'ilLIEJFEll CAN SkANTIIINT VoL. 9, No. 12. mean, under our form of government, the separation of Christian morality and the State. 3. Historically, and by the highest legal and judicial precedent, we are a Christian nation. 4. It is well settled by decisions in leading States of the Union that Christianity is a part of the common law of the State; " the American States adopted these principles from the common law of England." 5. Education consists in the symmetrical develop-ment of the whole man for the purpose of his creation. This purpose is admitted to be moral. Purely secular education is impossible in a land whose literature, history and laws are a product of a Christian civiliza-tion. 12. We repudiate as un-American and pagan, and as a menace to the perpetuity of our free institutions, the recent Supreme Court decision in the State of Wisconsin, a decision dictated and defended by the enemies of the public schools, that the reading of the Bible, without comment, is " sectarian instruction of the pupils, in view of the fact that the Bible contains numerous passages, upon some of which the peculiar creed of almost every religious sect is based. And that such passages may be reasonably understood to inculcate the doctrines predicated upon them." The enemies of the common school declare that " exclusion of the Bible would not help the matter. This would only make the schools purely secular, which were worse than making them, purely Protestant. For as it regards the State, society, morality, all the interests of this world, Protestantism we hold to be far better than no religion." In the present state of the controversy, we hold it to be the duty of the citizens of a commonwealth, Chris-tian in its history and in the character of its laws, to deny that the Bible is a sectarian book, and to claim for it a place whenever the State attempts to educate youth for the duties of citizenship. THE New York Times criticised this report upon the basis of the fundamental principles of the Government of the United States, which maintain the total separa-tion of the State from religion. There-upon, April 16, 1890, in a long letter to the Times, Hon. John Jay, then president of this league, took the Times severely to task for its criticism upon Dr. King's report. The sole object of this letter is to prove that " Christianity is a part of American law," and that therefore Christianity and its interests must be respected and en-forced by the law; and he distinctly defends the right of the State "to teach " to approve the ten command-ments," and " to instruct children in the law of God and the sermon on the mount." And he assumes the task of " defending American law from the charge of ignoring Christianity," which he declares " is not difficult for even a layman." By these evidences it is plain enough that this so-called League for the Pro-tection of American Institutions is a deceitful thing. It does not really intend to protect American institutions. It does not really intend to protect the American public school. For, while proposing that this amendment shall prohibit the State from devoting any money to any church school or institution, the league does in-tend that the State shall teach the Christian religion in the public school, and such other educational institutions as can be put under State control, and shall use the money of the State for that purpose. The league gives to the word " sectarian " a meaning of its own, a meaning which the word cannot fairly be made to bear, and it intends that under that interpretation, the league's views of the Christian reli-gion shall be forced upon the people in the public schools and other places, by the State, at the public expense. WE are not alone in the view that by interpretation this proposed amendment is to be made to enforce what it does not say. The same day on which Dr. King spoke before the Senate Committee in be- half of the Blair amendment, Rev. T. P. Stevenson, corresponding secretary of the National Reform Association, spoke im-mediately preceding Dr. King, and pre-sented a memorial, of which the following resolution is a part:Š Resolved, That while our schools are and should be Christian no preference or advantage should be given to any one sect or denomination in connection with the public schools. Above all, no sect can justly or fairly claim any share of the public money for the support of its own sectarian schools. This expresses the same principles pre-cisely as those held by Dr. king and Mr. John Jay. And of this amendment that is framed and proposed by the league, the Christian Statesman, of which Mr. Ste-venson was then editor, said :Š It ought to receive the immediate and serious sup-port of all loyal Americans. Then it said:Š Rightly interpreted, the foregoing amendment could not be used in any way as a lever to overthrow the Christian elements in our public schools. By these evidences it is plain enough that if that amendment were adopted and were a part of the United States Consti-tution, and the United States Supreme Court should by it decide against the use of the King James version of the Bible in the public schools, as the Supreme Court of Wisconsin did, then that court would be denounced by this league as an aider and abettor of " the enemies of the com-mon schools," and such decision would be denounced by this league as " un-Amer-ican and pagan." THE ideas of Christianity held by this league, and the King James version of the Bible, according to the views of the pres-ident and secretary of the league, are not sectarian. These are held to be not sec-tarian, because the leading Protestant de-nominations all agree that this is proper. With this meaning given to the word " sectarian," these denominations might establish what they would call a national university, say at Washington City. They could put it under State control and then could draw from the public treasury all the money that by any influence they could secure in support of that school, and so teach their views of Christianity in the school, just as they are now doing with the Indian church schools. All this, even though that amendment were a part of the national Constitution: because the school would not be under ecclesiastical control, but State control; and, according to their interpretation, the teaching of their views of Christianity and the Bible would not be sectarian. Or, on the other hand, the United States itself might be persuaded, as Senator Edmunds' bill proposed to establish a national university, and these denomina-tions, according to their interpretation of the word "sectarian," could have taught there, at the national expense, their views of Christianity and the Bible. And if these things were not so taught in such an institution, then, according to the " principles " of these originators and officers of this league, and these origin-ators and promoters of this amendment, the league would repudiate the action, and even the institution, as "un-American and pagan, and a menace to the perpetuity of our free institutions." ACCORDING to their ideas, Christianity and the Bible are not sectarian, therefore they should be taught in the public schools.  But if the question be left to the States, there will be a disagreement between them, as has already appeared in Supreme Court decisions. But if this proposed amend-ment should be adopted, the whole ques-tion would at once be removed from State jurisdiction and made national only. Then if a decision of the United States Supreme Court should be secured sustain-ing the ideas of the league, that Chris-tianity and the Bible are not sectarian, a national religion would thus be established at one stroke. And as the Supreme Court of the United States has already unani-mously declared that "this is a Christian nation," and that " we are a religious people," there is not the least room for doubt that this court would readily enough sustain the views of the league that Christianity and the Bible are not secta-rian, and can therefore be taught and supported by appropriations of public money. And thus the far-reaching and dishonest purposes of this league would be accomplished. Therefore, as the ulti-mate object of this proposed Sixteenth Amendment is to support religion by the State, and is therefore to be used only to establish so-called Protestant or non-sec-tarian Christianity as the national reli-gion, we have all the objection to it that we have to any other effort to establish any other form of Christianity or any other religion as the national or State religion. So much for this proposed amendment, but we are not done with this league. There is another piece of its wickedness to be exposed. In the New York legislature of 1890, James M. King, D. D., the gen-eral secretary of this league, acting in his official capacity as such, had introduced a bill written by himself, upon the subject of public schools and compulsory educa-tion. That bill provided that even a par-ent could not teach his own child in his own home without first passing a success-ful examination "by a superintendent of schools." The bill was discussed by the Union League Club of New York City, and was referred to a committee of eight members, who were to draw up a report for the action of the club. The committee made a lengthy report, which so ably exposes the mischiefs of the bill, and the mischievous spirit of the league which framed the bill, that we reprint the main points of it. It is worthy of the most careful consideration of every person in the United States, and especially so in this connection, as the editor of the SENTINEL himself heard the author of the billŠDr. KingŠdeclare that he would never cease his effort to secure the enactment of such a law. The report of the committee of the Union League Club, which was unan-imously adopted, runs as follows:Š The Committee on Political Reform have had under consideration Assembly Bill No. 106, entitled "An Act to secure to children the benefits of an elementary education, and making an appropriation therefor, and submit the following report and resolution, and recommend their adoption:Š " This bill purports to be in favor of compulsory education and in support of the common schools. Nothing is more important or desirable to the preser-vation of our institutions than the universal dissem-ination of knowledge, and, as a means to that end, the most vigorous support of the public schools is needed, consistent with individual liberty. It is be-lieved that every member of this club is a staunch supporter of the common school system, in common with the great body of the citizens, and would do nothing to weaken their hold upon public affection, or impair in any way their usefulness. " The proposed bill is so extraordinary in its provi-sions as to require a careful and critical examination. It incorporates within it certain.principles and methods 