JULY 16, 1896. 221 tions were explicit to add nothing to them and to take nothing from them. The history of the appointment of Moses is given with unmistakable clearness in the third chapter of Exodus. "I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Come now, therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt. And Moses said unto God, Behold when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is His name? what shall I say unto them? And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM; and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the chil-dren of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you. And God said moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the Lord God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memo-rial unto all generations." Exod. 3:6, 10, 13-15. This leaves no room to mistake by whose appointment Moses came to occupy the posi-tion which he did in reference to the Jewish people. But later there were associated with Moses the seventy " elders." Who were they ? They were actually the elders,Šthe aged men, Šthose who by patriarchal right were of au-thority in their families. From among these the seventy were chosen. Remember it was not the selection which made them " elders." They were selected from those who were ready the elder,Šmade so by the, tour years, not by election. Bat by the authority of whose word, and how, were they chosen? To learn this defi-nitely read Numbers 11:16, 17, 25. " And the Lord said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee. And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and I will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone. And the Lord came down in a cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders; and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease,' Now in all this neither Moses, nor the sev-enty, nor the veople, had any sovereignty whatever. None of them had any part in en-acting the laws. They were not consulted in the least as to what laws should be enacted or how they should be enforced. The sole part they played was to promise to obey. This was just as true of Moses and the seventy as of the people at large. _ The legislative power centered in God alone. In the latter period of the history of Israel, when they were given kings, it was not the people who chose their king. God himself selected, crowned, and deposed the men who ruled over Israel. Under the theocracy, however, the manage-ment of civil and religious affairs was kept entirely separate. God chose the priesthood himself, and cut them off entirely from any authority or influence or participation in the affairs of civil government. So, now, if those who would imitate a theocracy in these days would strive to be at all true to their copy, they should separate entirely the religious  from the secular, in their governmental methods. But the first essential would be for all who rule in the name of God to be appointed di-rectly by him, and not by their own ambition, or by birth, or by the voice of the people. Then it is also just as essential that they should not be lordly men of haughtiness and might, but meek, and humble, and obedient servants of their Lord and his people. Such was the government of Israel as anciently es-tablished. Where is the possibility for such another on the earth? There is no such pos-sibility, and there will not be until Revelation is fulfilled and "all things are made new." Then Christ himself will reign and our daily prayer be answered, " Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." Ł  WHY WE SHOULD HAVE PROHIBITION ON ALL DAYS. [From the Prize Oration delivered by Chas. S. Morris at the Prohibition Convention, Pittsburg, May 26.] Two years ago we had a fit of national hysterics, because Coxey's weaponless petition in boots tramped from Ohio to Washington; to-day we cooly watch, marching through the land, an army mightier than general ever marshalled on the battle-field. An army that sways parties, rules city councils, controls leg-islatures, dominates Congress, dictates to the Supreme Court how to interpret the Consti-tution, controls the church and gags its pul-pit. This army's recruiting station is the ub house, its drill ground the bar-room, its racks the jail, its soldiers' home the poor use, its national cemetery the potters' field its uniform rags, its step a stagger, its battle-cry rum. This army enlists for life; the promotions are rapidŠmoderate drinker, hard drinker, drunkard, sot. Every saloon-keeper is a captain, every brewer a colonel, every distiller a general, the devil hinself is its commander-in-chief. The continent is at its mercy; it gives no quarter. Attention, stagger forward, march! Rum, rum, rum. Two million five hundred thousand drunkards are on their funeral march; pah home, past honor, past hope; over blighted lives of wife and child; over the graves of broken-hearted mothers; down, down to a drunkard's death and a drunkard's hell. The saloon says it is a profit to the nation; it pays $200,000,000 a year for license; the nation pays $2,000,000,000 for liquor. It returns eight cents of every dollar it is licensed to steal. It also returns 26,000 lunatics, 50,000 paupers, and enough crim-inals to fill 50 penitentiaries and 2,000 jails. The nation has to pay-$5,000,000 to support its lunatics; $10,000,000 for its paupers, $200,000,000 for its criminals. It loses the value of tens of thousands of men slain and hundreds of thousands rendered idle. Has it not a right then to say whether the saloon should be allowed to carry on this lunatic= pauper-criminal manufacturing company? Is the liquor dealer's right to get rich para-mount to a drunkard's right to life, to his wife's right to bread and coal, to his child's right to be well born, to the State's right to an uncorrupted suffrage ? You say these evils must stop; but how ? The old parties will never stop them : the saloon controls them both. The Democratic Party wept over a billion dollar Congress, but it does not even shed a crocodile tear when the saloon robs paupers of $1,200,000,000. The Republican Party will compass heaven and earth to protect the workingman's din-ner pail, yet it permits the saloon to rob him  of his dinner without protest. It sees 100,000 pieces of American bone and sinew buried annually by the saloon and it is silent. It will protect things, not men. The nation has a hundred light-houses along her coast, but around the awful rocks of intemperance, on which unnumbered lives have been beaten out, she has nothing but licensed pirates. Neither the Republican nor Democratic cap-tain of the Ship of State will pick up a drowning drunkard. . . For a century a certain man on his way from Jerusalem to Jericho has regularly fallen among thieves. The Republican priest and the Democratic Levite have passed by on the other side. If you want to be a good Samaritan, do not merely take this man to an inn and pay his board, but get your friends and go back along that road determined to arrest the gang of thieves that have been robbing every one that passes down that way. Notify the liquor dealers through the ballot box that the workingman must go from his cottage to his work without passing a single saloon; that- is prohibition. The saloon keeper may tell you that prohibition does not prohibit. He is a reliable source of information, isn't he ? If prohibition does not prohibit, why is he so bitterly opposed to it ? Why has it emptied the jails of Kansas; reduced liquor drinking in Iowa? Why does liquor capital halt at the border of a prohibition State ? Why did Maine, after a trial of 30 years, make prohibition a part of her constitution ? . . . Votes were needed for independence in 1776, for union in 1860; they are needed for so-briety, now! Now, when the continent trem- Death the drunkard's treadŠnow, when en in their cradles are stung by this viperŠnow, when it dooms a million women to lonely and unpitied martyrdcm. A river of rum, a mountain of gold, a cloud of tears, a boulevard of broken hearts, a red Niagara, down which the best blood of the nation is pouring, a valley of dry bones, white with a million rum-made skeletons. This is the terrific indictment against this infernal traffic.  Ł Ł WHAT IS RELIGIOUS TEACHING? [Canadian Baptist (Toronto), July 2.] IN all the multitudinous articles which have from time to time appeared in England and Canada upon the burning "question of religious teaching in the schools, we do not remember to have seen what most of us re-gard as the sound logical objections to any such teaching under government control and at public expense more clearly and trench-antly put than in the following extract frcm a letter in the London (England) Daily Chronicle, written by Mr. George Russell, avowedly a churchman and evidently a high churchman:Š " Everyone who believes in religion must, I imagine, wish children to be religiously brought up. The ideal condition of things would be where the whole State consisted of Christian men, and, professing the same religion, brought up all its children therein. But this is Utopia. As a matter of fact, we have in England to-day upwards of a hundred forms of religion, and this makes any national system of religious education, in my judgment, impossible. For example, I am a firm believer in the spiritual claims and the doctrinal system of the Church of England; but I think it unjust, and there-fore I do not wish, to teach baptismal re-generation with money taken from Baptists 