628 AMERICAN SENTINEL. charge "disrespect of authority," "treason," etc., even as they did against Jesus in Judea, and the early and the later Christians in the Roman Empire. Nevertheless the truth of God will be spoken and the people will be warned. Yet there is a striking contrast between the treat-ment of the messengers in Nineveh and in Babylon, and those in Judea and Rome and the United States. The world is not better than it was, nor is it getting better. A. T. J. Militarism Against Christianity. THE worst wounds ever inflicted on the world's Re-deemer, are those that he receives in the house of his friends; that is, of his professed followers. And when his professed followers justify militarism and war, and commend the armed battalions going forth to slaughter and be slaughtered as being divine agents going out to fight the battles of the Lord, they deny the Prince of Peace and give great occasion of glorying to those who are his open enemies. This is illustrated in what a well-known atheist has to say of Christianity as exemplified in the practises of the armed "Christian nations" of to-day. The prevalent militarism, in which these armed nations of the earth, with their vast millions of hosts ready to fly at each others throats, their horrid engines of destruction, and their gospel of force, im-mensely outdo in display of brutal might all that paganism, ancient or modern, ever accomplished or dreamed of, is, says this spokesman of atheism, the shortest and most effective arraignment of Christianity that the despised pagan of to day can desire. "The world has been devastated with sanguinary encounters, and the followers of Jesus have neither pre-vented those horrors nor done much to mitigate their evil effects upon mankind. Indeed, Christians on both sides of the contending forces have implored God to aid them in killing each other. This was the case in the Crimean War, the Franco-German War, and the Civil War in America. In all these conflicts each side prayed to God that it might win all the battles. One would think that the disastrous consequences of those dread-ful struggles between Christian nations would have been sufficient to destroy all belief in the efficacy of the prayer of supplication, for every Sunday during all these events the clergy repeated the request: 'Give us peace in our time, 0 Lord.' Still, the tragic slaughters went on, and God ignored all such appeals. Surely, if anything could show the impotency of the Christian faith as a promoter of peace, it would be the present expenditure of millions of the people's money, and the loss of millions of human lives in reckless warfare. Even to day the prayers of the churches are offered up for the Peace Conference, which does not even propose to adopt Christianity as a cure for the evils of war. What a satire on Christian  prayer for peace are the busy state of the warship build-ing trade and the extra military preparations now going on, absorbing as they do a vast proportion of the earnings of the laborers of all the great nations of the world!" In view of such statements by the champions of athe-ism, why can not Christian people understand that they are deeply wounding the Christian cause when they en-courage the spirit of war? "When?" THINGS will go right when the people are right and public opinion is informed with the principle of justice. Cabinets will reach fair and humane conclusions when the members of the cabinets are broadly intelligent, and lovers of their kind as well as of their country. Rulers will rule in equity when their hearts are set on righteous ends, and there is a sentiment abroad which will toler-ate neither duplicity nor oppression.ŠRev. F. A. Noble, D. D., at Detroit Christian Endeavor Convention. And "when" will the people be right? When will the first and leading "when" become a fact so that the other "whens" can fall into line and follow? Plainly, some-thing must first be done to set things right which the people themselves can not do; for they can not make themselves good. Only the power and grace of God can do that. And the work of divine grace upon the heart is not hastened by the preaching of the power of legisla-tion, of the ballot, and of the gospel of force. They Are Mixed. SOME time ago it was my privilege to attend a min-isters' meeting in Canon City, Colo. The Baptist, Meth-odist, Christian, Presbyterian, Cumberland Presbyte-rian, and Free Methodist churches were represented. The paper read that day was entitled, "The Proper Observance of the Christian Sabbath." After the read-ing of the paper, all of the ministers present were invited to discuss its contents. After several had spoken, one said, "Well, the more I hear this question discussed the more I am in a dilemma. In the first place the paper does not cite one single text of Scripture for the proper observance of the Christian Sabbath, but every text quoted by the brother in his paper has direct reference to the Jewish Sabbath. Now I would like to know why he did this." Another minister answered at once, "Because there are none;" and then there arose a dis-cussion about the best name for the Christian Sabbath. One said, "The Bible don't call it the Sabbath." An-other said, "Sunday don't sound just right," or words to that effect. So it was generally agreed that "The Lord's day" would be the best name. G. W. ANGLEBARGER. September 29. 