322 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath under-standing count the number of the beast; for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hun-dred threescore and six. ŠoŠ nus prophecy says that it would be said unto them, that " they should make an image to the beast." This would be to make an image to the Papacy. The Papacy being a union of Church and State with the Church using the power of the State to enforce the doctrines of the Church and to compel submission to her decrees, the making of an image of this would be only to make or establish- an order of things by which a union of Church and State would, be created, with the civil power in the hands of the Church to compel submission to Church doctrines, and observance of church institutions. But in order for this to be made, it must be that before this there was no union of Church and State in the place where this is to be done. As it is necessary to say " that they should make an image " of the PapacyŠthat is, union of Church and StateŠit is plain on the face of it that this is said, and must be said, in a place where there is no union of Church and State, and where the Church has no con-trol of civil affairs and no connection with the civil power. Now where where was there ever a place or a nation on earth in which there was no union of Church and State except in the United States alone ? With the single exception of the United States Govern-ment, there never was a government on earth, pagan, papal, or professed Prot-estant, in which from the beginning of its existence, as such, until this day, there was no union of religion and the State, in which the religious power had no con-trol of, or connection with, the civil power. This is the truth, and any one may satisfy himself of it by thinking, whether little or much. This being the truth, it follows that in the United States is the only place on earth where it could be said that they should make a union of Church and State. Consequently in the Government of the United States alone could the image of the beastŠthe image of the PapacyŠbe made. There are many other points corroborative of this, but this is sufficient for this place. Š0Š IT was because of this prophecy of Rev. 13 : 11-18 that it has been preached and published, for more than forty years that there would be formed in the United States a union of Church and State with National Sunday legislationŠthat there would be made here an image of the 'Papacy. For instance: Thirty-nine years ago last JanuaryŠJanuary, 1853Ša little pamphlet of about seventy-five pages, perhaps 2ix5 inches in size, was published, giving a brief exposition of Revelation 13, and especially that part in verses 11-18. On this point there was then written and printed the following :Š The two horned beast says to them that dwell on the earth, " Make an image." The dwellers on the earth, or territory of this beast, it seems, have a part to act in this work. This clearly marks the United States as the scene of action. This is the manner in which laws are made hereŠby the rep-resentatives of the people. As all men by the Declaration are declared to be equal; it became necessary that some course should be taken by which all could have equal privileges in the con-struction of the laws. If the whole mass were called together, there would be an endless discus-sion and no laws made. Therefore the people were to elect such representatives as would carry out their principles; and they were to meet and make  laws, which, when passed, should be considered the laws of the people. The image is to be formed by the people or their representatives. It appears probable to us that this Sunday insti-tution is the very point on which this union will be effected.. Here is a point on which all Protestant sects can unite. A point which we may safely say is the important item in the faith of Protestants is their Sunday worship. VERSE 15. -" And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would'  not worship the image of the beast should be killed." From this text we may draw two conclu-sions:- 1. The image of the beast is to be made in the same territory where the two-horned beast rules; for the two-horned beast can exercise that authority in no territory but its own. 2. That it already has it in its power to give life to the image of the beast, or cause the decree to be made and executed. Is it not in the power of the United States to pass such laws ? They declare " all men shall be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of their own consciences." We see the mass hold the first day of the week as a holy day. If a memorial should be sent in to Congress with 1,000,000 names signed to it, declaring that their rights were infringed upon, and praying them to pass a solemn enactment that the first day should not be profaned by labor, how soon the result would be a law upon the point: Were the United States, as a body, to pass a law that Sunday should be kept holy, or not profaned by labor, there would be, I conceive, an image to the Papacy; for the law would then be in the hands of the Church, and she could inflict penal-ties on those who did not obey the Sunday institu-tion. Š0Š Now bear in mind that on the strength of that scripture prophecy, this was printed thirty-nine years ago. And no man can deny that in this present year the very things have been done which in this exposition of the prophecy were said would be done. The churches did this year memorialize Congress, with threats, in behalf of Sunday sacredness; and as the result Congress responded as expressed by Senator Hiscock :Š I would write the provision for the closure in any form that the religious sentiment of the coun-try demands, and not stand here hesitating and quibbling about it. . . . I should make this closure provision satisfactory to those petitioners who have memorialized us against the desecration of the Lord's day. And as expressed by the representative " Christian lobbyist " of the churches :Š I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands. Yes, they have the Senate, and Con-gress, and the law, and the Government in their hands by which to sustain Sun-day as a sacred day and prevent its dese-cration. By the prophecy we knew forty years ago that it was coming. And by the facts we know now that it has come. The prophecy is fulfilled. AGAIN : Eight years ago this same de-nomination printed the following on the same prophecy of Rev. 13: 11-18 :Š By this first beast is represented the Roman Church, an ecclesiastical body clothed with civil power, having authority to punish all dissenters. The image of the beast represents another reli-gious body clothed with similar power. The forma-tion of this image is the work of that beast whose peaceful rise and mild professions render it so striking a symbol of the United States. Here is to be found an image of the Papacy. When the churches of our land, uniting upon such points of faith as are held by them in common, shall in-fluence the State to enforce their decrees and sus-tain their institutions, then will Protestant Amer-ica have formed an image of the Roman hierarchy. ŠGreat Controversy, Vol. 4, page 278. This has been done. The churches of our land have united upon the Sunday issues, and then united with the Catholic Church itself, and in this unity they have influenced the State to enforce the Church decree for Sunday observance and to  sustain the Church institution of Sunday. They have done it, but in the doing of it, they have the living image of the Papacy in this land. Eight years ago we pub-lished that this would be done; and now it has been done. On the strength of the prophecy we published that it would come; and on the strength of facts, every-body may know that it has conic. The prophecy is fulfilled. The image of the beast is made, and lives, in the United States to-day. ONCE more : Seven years ago this same people published on the same subject these words :Š To secure popularity and patronage, legislators will yield to the demand for a Sunday law.ŠTes-timony 32, page 207. This present year the churches made their demand for a Sunday law, They presented their memorials and petitions backed up with such persuasive words as follows from Presbyterian churches in Brighton, N. Y. ; Parma Centre, N. Y. ; and Rochester, N. Y., and recorded in Congressional Recori, May 25, 1892, thus:Š Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time hence-forth, refuse to vote for, or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind for the World's Fair except on conditions named in these resolu-tions. To secure the popularity and patronage which were thus put up at public auction by the churches, our Nation's legislators assembled in Congress did yield to the demand for a Sunday law, and did enact such a law in three distinct ways and places; and for the reasons as stated by themselves, thus :Š If I had charge of this amendment in the inter-est of the Columbian Exposition, I would write the provision for the closure in any form that the re-ligious sentiment of the country demands, and . Ł . I say to the junior senator from Illinois [Mr. Palmer] he had better yield to this sentiment, and not let it go out to the country that there is the slightest doubt that if this money shall be appro-priated, the Exposition will be closed on Sunday. . . . I should make the closure provision satis-factory to those petitioners who have memorialized us against the desecration of the Lord's day. ŠSen-ator Hiscock, Congressional Record, July 13, 1892, page 6755. And again upon this demand for Sun-day law, it was said :Š Now, if gentlemen repudiate this,, if they desire to reject it . . . I should like to see the dis-claimer put in white and black and proposed by the Congress of the United States. Write it. How would you write it ? . . . Word it, if you dare; advocate it, if you dare. How many who voted for it would ever come back here again. None, I hope. . . . You endanger yourselves by oppos-ing it.ŠSenator Hawley, Id. page 6759. In the light and upon the strength of the prophecy, we published seven years ago that they would do it. And now in their own words we can publish and do publish that they have done it. The prophecy is fulfilled. The image of the beast is made, and lives, in the United States to-day. Š0Š AND this is how we have known all these years that there would be a union of Church and State formed in the United States with national Sunday legislation. This is why we have been telling the peo-ple by voice and pen, in THE SENTINEL and out of THE SENTINEL, all these years that this was coming. Now it is here and no man can deny it. Here are the words which we published years ago that it would come, and no man can deny that. 