390 A IW _Lea CAW SIONT-nv 0 VoL. 9, No. 49. a right to demand it because God requires it. God requires it when he says, "Where no law is, there is no transgression." Rom. 4 : 15. Because God requires his own law to convict a man of sin, and be-cause we demand it of those who seek to convict us of sin, Mr. Potts says, " This requirement is absurd," and " Such a demand is absurd." Methodists are as active as any in im-prisoning Sabbath-keepers for what is called the sin of Sunday-breaking, but to call a thing sin that is not a transgression of God's law, is to place man's require-ments above God's requirements, which is to place man above God. Adventists have no disposition to defend themselves when they are attacked, or to gain sympathy when they are persecuted. Their sympathy is for the honest people who are influenced by the misrepresenta-tions of the leaders of the fallen church. For this reason, and because the message from Heaven says, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues," Adventists sometimes find it necessary to expose the conduct of some men, even though such men attempt to hide themselves and their work behind the sanctity of the pulpit. God has said, "Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habi-tation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." Those who know the mean-ing of this, and who know that it is ful-filled to-day, are commanded by High Heaven to show the people of God what Babylon is; what the unclean birds are; and to call his people out of her, "For her sins have reached to heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." Rev. 18:5. T. S. PARMELEE. Alexander Campbell's Parable on Com-pulsory Sabbath Observance. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed `' Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] CHRISTIANS are often compared to sheep and the wicked to wolves and dogs. This comparison is designed to exhibit the pe-culiar temper and disposition of each to-wards the other. Now it has never been known that the sheep have used any vio-lence or coercive means to subdue or per-secute the dogs or wolves. The moral societies suggested to us the following fable, in reference to the above similitude. I don't know that ever it appeared in. print before, and had it not been for the moral societies, in all probability it never would. It is full of instruction; it is this :Š Once on a time, we can't tell how long  ago, some wild goats had put on the garb and accent of sheep and associated them-selves with a large flock of sheep in West-ern Pennsylvania. The country in those days was much infested with wolves and dogs, which often committed depredations on the harmless sheep. The sheep were intimidated by their frequent incursions, insomuch that they could not browse in the midst of daylight, if they only heard the howling of a wolf or the barking of a dog at the greatest distance. After the complete settlement of the country the wolves became less injurious. The dogs increased with the inhabitants, and came to a better understanding with the sheep, so that they often had intercourse with each other, and only occasionally did the dogs become a foe. The wild goats having now become identified with and scarcely distinguishable from the sheep, and being naturally of a zealous and haughty disposi-tion, laid a project for overcoming the dogs and securing to themselves and the sheep the complete domination of the West. Whereupon at a full assembly of the sheep some of the wild goats made a motion to the above effect, and after much discus-sion a large he goat mounted a stump, and thus addressed the assembled crowd :Š " Brethren of the sheep fold, the dogs were once our enemies, and they are not good friends yet; we are numerous and can act in concert; we will not kill the dogs, but let us compel them to eat grass with us, and thus domesticate them; let us butt them stylishly with our horns, and form ambuscades and groups for this purpose." The vote was taken and the measure carried. Then associations, called domes-ticating associations, were formed, com-posed chiefly of wild bucks and a few rams. The business of these associations was to scour about the sheep-fold during the hours of browsing, and if they saw a dog passing along the road, they inveigled him or compelled him into the fold, then they surrounded him and " thumped him suvendibly " until the poor dog took a few mouthfuls of grass, which sat so badly upon his stomach, he soon served an eject-ment upon it. In this way they proceeded for several years, and never domesticated a single dog. The practice finally fell through; all the sheep gained by it was ill-will, and all the dogs gained was bruised heads and broken ribs. The application is easy and the moral good. CANDIDUS. P.S.--As some parts of the above are ike the " Holy War," figurative, for the sake of those who are dull of hearing I will add one note: Sheep denote Chris-tians, the grass the food of Christians, wild goats hypocrites, and dogs, men of the world. For the spiritual meaning, consult Matt. 7 : 6; 7 :15; Phil. 3 : 2.ŠCandidus (Alexander Campbell) in Wash-ington (Pa.) Reporter, Oct. 1, 18f21. Ł .  A View From Europe. THE people who observe Saturday as the Sabbath, seem to have great trouble in America, judging by the following paragraph :Š SABBATARIANS IN AMERICA-A member of this sect having ventured to work on Sunday, keeping the Sab-bathŠSaturday restŠwas fined 10 dollars. This fine he fought on principle with the result that it increased to 110 dollars, when he went to jail, being unable to pay the sum and having exhausted all legal remedies. The American Hebrew has opened a fund on behalf of  this victim of bigotry which is being well supported by our co-religionists.ŠJewish World. To be logical and consistent the people who eternally talk about " the Sabbath," should take their rest on Saturdays if they wish really to keep "the Sabbath" and " observe " that day, on the proper day. Sunday is not, and never has been, "the Sabbath."ŠFree Sunday Advocate, .Lon-don. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] For the Spread of Catholicism. ACTING on the suggestion of Mr. C. J. Armistead for the collection of an annual " Spread the Truth Fund " of a million dollars by means of a ten cent contribu-tion from every Catholic in the United States, a lady reader of the Catholic Review writes to it as follows: " Your paper of last week, November 17, was very inter-esting, and I enclose stamps for an extra copy which I want to send to a friend. In this week's issue is a letter from Mr. Armistead, whose proposal to have every Catholic contribute ten cents towards the publishing of Catholic literature is an ex-cellent one. If you would take it up se-riously in your columns and designate a place to send the money, I for one would do my best to get contributions, and I am sure many others would do the same. The world is so flooded with agnostic lit-erature that Catholics ought to make great efforts to spread the truth.ŠCatholic Re-view, Dec. 1, 1894. They Mean to Take the Country. WITH a million dollars a year collected for a " Spread the Truth Fund " by means of a ten cent contribution from every Catholic in the United States and spent in circulating church literature, a revolution in public opinion could be effected in a decade and an impetus given to 'the con-version of the American people that would never stop until it had dope its work com-pletely.ŠCatholic Review, Dec. 8, 1894. Pray or go to Jail. ANDREW HERTZEL, a German, 40 years old, who is employed in a Williamsburgh slaughter house and lives at 204 Johnson Avenue, was charged by his wife in. the Ewen Street Police Court yesterday with assault. The woman's left eye was badly discolored and she seemed to be intoxi-cated. While Justice Watson was ques-tioning Hertzel his wife interrupted the justice, and he ordered her to keep quiet. Hertzel was about to be sentenced to the penitentiary for six months, when the woman pleaded for mercy for the sake of her four children. After eyeing Hertzel for fully a minute Justice Watson called the Rev. Henry Orne, a clergyman who attends court every day and holds services there on Sun-day afternoon, to the bar. " What shall I do with Hertzel ?" the justice asked of the minister. " I don't know, I am sure," said Mr. Orne. " The children will suffer I sup-pose." " That's it," exclaimed Justice Watson, 