THE A.MERICAN SENTINEL. 243 in the past few years. Since the unshack-ling of the human intellect by the greater disunion of the Church and State result-ing" from the Reformation, the march of mind has been one mighty procession of successive triumphs; but compared with the darkness of the mediaeval age, the light and learning of the centuries imme-diately before and after Christ, is as the noonday. The Grecian age was not an age of ignorance. An age that could give its poetry, and sculpture, and architecture as models of beauty to all the future, must have had something of refinement and enlightenment. There were philosophers in those days, who spent their time in discussing the great questions of life, death, and destiny, according to the best knowledge they could have, surrounded as they were by a sinful world, and unaided by the word of God. The age of the Antonines, said to be the happiest era of human history, was not an age of ignorance. It is true that in this age, the prevailing religion was in union with the State, and this was a disadvantage; but paganism believed in such a multiplicity of gods, and in such varied forms of worship for different in-dividuals and different nations, and be-lieved in it all so loosely, that it did not greatly restrict the intellectual specula-tions of the age, if it did require the phil-osophers to outwardly conform, in act, to rites which in theory they, secretly, and even openly, despised. Not so with Christianity. It believed, and believes, in one God revealed through Christ. It had, and has, definite ideas of what was due to his worship. When, therefore, it was allied with the State, the predominant sect of the clergy sought by every means of fire, and thumb-screw, and rack, to compel the world, not only to act, but to think as they did. The human mind was thus bound by fetters of fear, and since thinking had become so dangerous men ceased to think. As generation after generation passed by, the people all the while becoming more ignorant, and narrow, and bigoted; the clergy too became ignorant, for they had no need of study to speak to such .people; and then they too were bound not less strongly than the people, by their superi-ors. And what need had these superiors to think, since their word, however fanci-ful or absurd, was law, and accepted by the ignorant multitude as from God. Thus, learning, and the desire for it, almost perished from the earth. All that remained was the wildest tales of saints and mysteries, and miracles, and legends of satyrs and hobgoblins, all of which passed for genuine history, and was im-plicitly believed. And as this was all there was in the vernacular for the people to read, the more one read, the more igno-rant he was ; and so he who knew not even his letters was as well off intellectually,  as the most advanced scholar. At one time had it not been for the schools of the hated Mohammedans, in Spain, this union of,, Church. and State had almost entirely paralyzed the human mind. Thus did this iniquitous union of the Church of Christ with a sinful world, generate the ignorance and bigotry to support the Spanish Inquisition, and the Scotch kirk, and put to death all dissenters. It would be the same again. This thing may be put in its most seductive light, as a means of raising the Nation, by putting the Gov-ernment solely into the hands of good men; and yet coiled up in the thing itself, is all this evil waiting to unfold, and then to recoil around the human mind and heart, till the intellect and soul are para-lyzed, and the animal man is ready, for the sake of enforcing his one remaining idea, to torture his brother, and spill his blood. To fully realize this, one has only to contemplate the bigoted and intolerant speeches and threats of almost all the leaders of this modern religio-political movement. If they had the power, and carried out these threats, all the dark past would be repeated. But that all this is the unavoidable result of a union of Church and State, is still denied; and in support of the denial, men point to Eng-land, and say, " Here is a union of Church and State, and still a liberal, and an in-tellectual people." The reply is not difficult. All the power that this union has had, has been for evil, and not for good. It has made a money-seeking clergy, and a worldly time-serv-ing Church. In the State, it would not be difficult to show that almost every bad and oppressive law that England has passed for the past two centuries, was supported, if not championed by her bench of bishops in the House of Lords; and almost every really liberal and good law has been opposed by them. The only rea-son, however, that the lamentable results, in full, do not follow the union of Church and State in England, is because England herself does not really believe in that union, and so she practically makes it inoperative by a policy of universal toler-ation. The United States, as its greatest glory, has been teaching this lesson of liberty to the world; and England has not been above learning from her growing child. All the tendency in England for years has been toward disestablishment. This reasoning, however, could not apply to the prospective union of Church and State in this country. If the United States, after almost teach-ing the world these glorious principles of the independence of the human soul, should herself forget it, and, denying the truths so thoroughly taught by the found-ers of the Nation, and embedded in our Federal Constitution, should go back to a union of Church and State, and a national creed enforced as a part of the compulsory  education of the State schools, if she should do this at all, it is presumable, that she would do it because she believed in it; and if she believed in it, she would make it effectual. If so, the effect I have de-scribed, is the only one that could possibly follow. Some of these self-styled reformers pose as champions of education; but their whole religio-political scheme is in the interests of ignorance and bigotry. If successful it would not only bid the sun of human knowledge, now mounting grandly toward the zenith, to stand still in the heavens, but it would do more than that. It would command it to go back-ward on the dial of progress till the shad-ows of a gloomy and persecuting past would again enshroud the world. G. E. FIFIELD. Dangers of Over-Legislation. AT the threshold of the constitutional temple of the Republic of the United States of America, there has ever stood a most accurate interpreter of the purposes of its creation. From the beginning this interpreter has had but one answer to all inquirers. The formula of the never varying response which every inquirer has received was prescribed by the sov-ereignty which erected the temple, and has continuously dwelt therein. To citi-zen and alien, to the serious inquirer and the frivolous skeptic, to the defender of political faith and to the promoter of dis-cord the answer has ever beenŠ We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, in-sure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-terity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. It is not my purpose to enter upon a general discussion of the many delegated and implied powers which lie embedded in the several articles and sections of the Constitution of the Republic to which this ever present answer introduces all inquirers. Those with which Congress was intrusted by express delegation are vast in extent, leaving out of view those which pass to it by implication. But it is well to keep in mind the jealous care which walked hand in hand with the patriotic men who formulated the Con-stitution which the people adopted. As evidence of this companionship we find amongst the delegations of powers to Con-gress by the Constitution, a clause which evidently was intended to guard against the mischiefs which so often have their origin in generalizations, and which de-clares that The Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. This delegation of power is broad, far- 