164 TI=TE Al\IRICAN sNyriNEL— States, hereby respectfully, but decidedly, protest against the Congress of the United States commit-ting .the United States Government to a union of religion and the State in the passage of any bill or resolution to close the World's Columbian Exposi-tion on Sunday, or in any other way committing the Government to a course of religious legisla-tion. It will be observed that this does not petition that the Fair shall be opened or closed upon Sunday, but that Congress shall not legislate upon this question. Another document entitled, " Sunday and the World's Fair," of which they have circulated over 500,000 copies, con-tains the following, which is evidence to the same fact:Š It is not the purpose of this leaflet to discuss whether the Fair shall or shall not be closed on Sunday, but to inquire what motive prompts to the making of such a demand. They believe that Sunday keeping, like the observance of any other religious rite or custom, should stand upon its own merits and not be bolstered up by law, should be voluntary and not compulsory. If there is not enough piety in the church to maintain church institutions, they do' not think matters are going to be bet-tered by compelling men by law to keep up the forms of religion while their hearts are far from it. Because genuine religion may be a bless-ing to the individual, the family, and thus indirectly to the State, the State has not for this reason a right to attempt to force men to be religious. Many things which are good if voluntarily performed are a positive curse if forced. Marriage, the apostle Paul says, is honorable in all; but the State would not be in very honorable business if it attempted to force marriage upon mankind. Every person has a civil right to remain in celibacy if he so elect, and so has every individual the same right to choose whether he will keep a Sabbath day or not. "He that regardeth the day regardeth it unto the Lord. "Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." Such are the statements of Holy Writ. That there is occasion for petitions of the kind above quoted is evident not only from the fact that Congress has been be-sieged with petitions asking for legisla-tive enactment to close the Fair on Sun-day, but from the further fact that those who are urging this measure are so anx-ious that Congress shall commit itself to Sunday legislation that they are resorting to boycotting methods, and have backed up their movement with the following in- timidating threat which is contained in their petitions:Š Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other that we-will from this time, hence-forth, refuse to vote for, -or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind to the World's Fair ex-cept it be on the conditions named in these resolu-tions. But in this they' have overshot . the mark. A Washington dispatch to the Detroit Tribune of May 11, states that this clause " nullifies the petition and changes it into a threat; and any legis-lation procured under duress would be easily demonstrated to be unlawful and therefore unconstitutional." Every lover of civil liberty, every op-poser of religious despotism, every be-liever in the Christian theory of govern-mentŠthe rendering to Cccsar the things which are Camar's and to God the things that are God's, in other words, the total separation of Church and StateŠshould  sign the petition praying Congress not to enter the realm of religious legislation, and thus violate the First Amendment to the Constitution, which says, " Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."Š W. A. Colcord, in Battle Creek Journal. A Wrong Supported by Fraud. THE American Sabbath Union boasts of having secured legislative action in the interests of Sunday closing from six State legislatures, among them the Legislature of Kentucky. The writer does not know the nature of the arguments used to se-cure this action in all these legislatures, but if the means used was similar to that used before the Kentucky House Com-mittee, they should repent instead of boast. Rev. J. M'Clusky Blaney, D.D., of the Presbyterian Church of Frankfort, Ky., appeared before the lower House and made a lengthy argument, which was after-ward printed and placed on the desk of each member of the Legislature. On page eleven of this document, the statement is made that " there is nowhere any evidence that the laboring people want the Fair open on Sunday, and much to the con-trary." It is hoped that the gentleman was ignorant of the facts when he made this statement, in which case it would miti-gate the sin to one of ignorance. It seems strange, however, that he should know of the single labor organization that had asked for a closed Fair, and be igno-rant of the other and larger organizations that have petitioned for the opening. The' American Federation of Labor, in annual convention in 1890, voted for an open Fair. This organization numbers five hundred thousand organized workingmen. At their recent convention in. Birming-ham, Ala., the American Sabbath Union made a strong effort to secure a reversal of this vote, but failed; and instead the convention voted that " in the opinion of the delegates of labor unions here assem-bled, the rest day should be jealously guarded against the encroachment of those who live upon the labor of others." This Mr. Blaney tortures into a demand for a closed Fair, in the face of the fact that the same organization had asked for an open Fair, and that this which he quotes in favor of Sunday closing was passed by the convention as .a substi-tute for a request for a closed Fair. Again the Knights of Labor in annual conven-tion at Toledo, Ohio, in 1891, were urged to pass the following resolution by a dele-gation from the World's and National Woman's Christian Temperance Union organizations, in session at the same time in Boston:Š Resolved, That we believe the World's Exposition should be closed to work on. Sunday and open to worship; open to the higher pleasures of the intel-lect and the holy work of human brotherhood, by means of meetings, reformatory and philanthropic, and conferences on vital humanitarian questions, and religious concerts; that we beseech the author ities to give us these. Instead of passing this resolution the General Assembly adopted the following : Resolved, That the General Assembly is in favbr of the World's Fair being kept open on Sunday for the education of the masses, providing that no em-ploye be compelled to work more than forty-eight hours each week. And T. V. Powderly, Grand Master Workman of the Knights of Labor, in  the Official Journal, of December 3, 1891, says :Š The World's Columbian Exposition should be kept open on Sunday. Those who attend it can have one day in the week for rest, pleasure, recrea-tion, or devotion, just as they please. This organization numbers three hun-dred thousand laboring men. Besides these National organizations, the following local organizations of Chi-cago, have asked for an open Fair; Local Union American Flint and Glass Workers, United Carpenters' Council, Glaziers' and Glass Cutters' Union, Tin and Sheet Iron Workers, Cigar Makers' Union, Journey-men Tailors' Union, Amalgamated Soci-ety of Carpenters and Joiners, Painters' District Council, Central Labor Union, Car Makers' Union, Mechanics' Union. Inasmuch as all these labor organiza-tions had passed resolutions asking Sun-day opening, which had been published to the world through the daily papers, it seems passing strange that the statement could be ignorantly made by .a public man, "that there is nowhere any evidence that the laboring people want the Fair open on Sunday, and much to the con-trary." As compulsory Sunday observ-ance is wrong, it must needs be main-tained by such incorrect and fallacious arguments. A. F. BALLENGER. Shall They Speak for Themselves? DOES it not seem strange that after all that we hear nowadays about closing the World's Fair on Sunday, for the benefit of the laboring man, that he does not make himself heard in favor of this move-ment ? And yet it is true that this very large- class, in whose interest great effort is ostensibly being made, is making no effort whatever in its own behalf. Those gentlemen who spoke in favor of Sunday closing, before the Committee on the Columbian Exposition, of the House of Representatives in Congress, recently, expressed a great deal of sympathy for the laboring men, and especially those engaged in railroad business, and those directly connected with the Fair. Rev. Mr. George set up the claim that if the. Exposition should be opened on Sunday, it would be necessary for seventy-five, or one hundred thousand men to labor on that, day, in order to accommodate at  naught smaller number who might akeits to at-tend; and made a very strKfrog; appeal for those enslaved people, claimmg;  that they would be compelled to labor against their-will in the matter. We hear this, or similar statementsg all occasions when this question is under discussion by those people who fayor con-gressional action for Sunday closing. But what are the facts in regard to the position held by the laboring classes on this question. If Mr. George's position is correct we should expect to find the labor-ing people earnestly demanding a recogni-tion of their rights. It is an open secret that the American Sabbath Union, through its officers, has embraced every opportunity that presented itself, to endeavor to secure the co-opera-tion of the labor organizations of the country, in its demands, and petitions for Sunday closing. Labor conventions have been besieged by men, armed with petitions and resolu-tions; a strong influence has been brought to bear upon them, the power of eloquence has been exhausted, but with little or no result. 