11`14E AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 35 on the sense of. every man. We do not claini these under the charters of kings or legislatOrs, but under the King of kings." AS we come down further in our na-tional 'history it is just as strongly main- tained, and' even More emphatically stated. Colonel Johnson, in his Sunday mail re-port-  to the House of Representatives in 1830; said :Š The framers of the Constitution recognized the' eternal principle that man's relation with his God. is above human legislation, and his rights of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to estab-lish this truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms. Jt is the consciousness which, in defiance of human laws, has sustained so many martyrs in tortures and in flames. They felt that their duty to God "was superior to human enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their con-sciences. It is an inborn principle which nothing can erddicgte. The bigot in the pride of his author-ity, may lose sight of it, but, strip him of his power, prescribe a faith to him which his conscience rejects, threaten him in turn with the dungeon and the fagot, and this spirit which God has implanted in him rises up in rebellion and defies you. The soundness of this doctrine, how-ever, is best seen in the development of the principle in the critical hands of Herbert Spencer. Speaking of this innate sense, he says:Š There exists in man what may be termed an in:-stinct of personal rightsŠa feeling that leads him to claim as great a share of natural privilege as is claimed by othersŠa feeling that leads him to repel anything like an encroachment upon what he thinks his sphere of original freedom. By virtue of this impulse, individuals, as units of the social mass', tend to assume like relationships with the atoms of matter, surrounded as these are by their respective atmospheres of repulsion as well as of attraction. And perhaps social stability may ultimately be seen to depend upon the due balance of these forces. There exists, however, a dominant sect of so-called philosophical politicians, who treat with con-tempt this belief that men have any claims ante-cedent to those indorsed by governments. As dis-ciples of Bentham, consistency requires them to do this. Accordingly, although it does violence to their secret perceptions, they boldly deny the ex-istence of " rights " entirely. They nevertheless perpetually betray a belief in the doctrines which they professedly reject. They inadvertently talk about justice, especially when it concerns them-selves, in much the same style as their opponents. They draw the same distinction between law and equity that other people do. They applaud fairness and honor, quite as if they thought them something more than mere words. And when robbed, or as-saulted, or wrongly imprisoned, they exhibit the same indignation, the same determination to oppose the aggressor, utter the same denunciations of tyr-anny, and the same loud demands for redress, as the sternest asserters of the rights of man. By way of explaining such inconsistencies, it is indeed al-leged, that the feeling thus manifested is nothing but the result of a gradually acquired conviction that benefitS flow from some kinds of action, and evils from other kinds; and it is said that the sym-pathies and antipathies respectively contracted to-ward these, exhibit themselves as a love of justice, and a hatred of injustice. To which supposition it was by implication elsewhere replied, that it would be equally wise to -conclude that hunger springs from a conviction of the benefit of eating ; or that love of offspring is the result of a wish to .maintain the species! But it is amusing when, after -all, it turns out that the ground on which these. philosophers have taken their stand, and from which with such self- complacency they shower their sarcasms, is nothing but an adversary's mine, destined to blow the vast fabric of conclusions they have based on it into nonentity. This so solid-looking principle of " the greatest happiness to the greatest number," needs but to have a light brought near it, and lo! it ex-plodes into the astounding assertion, that all men have equal rights to happinessŠan assertion far more sweeping and revolutionary than any of those which are assailed with so much scorn. When we see, then, that an instinct of personal rights manifests itself unceasingly in opinions and institutions; when further we find that the attempt to trace the monitions of this instinct to experience, betrays us into an absurdity ; and when, lastly, the dogma of those who most sturdily deny that there is such an instinct, proves to be only another em-anation from it, we find ourselves in possession of the strongest possible evidence of its existenceŠthe testimony of all parties. We are therefore justified in considering that existence as sufficiently proved. ŠSocial Statics, chapter 3, sections 3, 3. In examining the position of the " ex- pediency " partyŠof those who deny the existence of innate and inalienable rights ŠSpencer says: Ł But that we possess Such a sense, may be best proved by evidence drawn from the lips of those who assert that we have it not. Oddly enough Bentham unwittingly derives his initial proposition from an oracle whose existence he denies, and at which he sneers when it is appealed to by others. " One man," he remarks, speaking of Shaftesbury, "says he has a thing made on purpose to tell him what is right and what is wrong; and that is called moral sense; and then he goes to work at his ease, and says such and such a thing is right, and such and such a thing is wrong. Why ? ' Because my moral sense tells me it is.' " Now that Bentham should have no other authority for his own maxim than this same moral sense, is somewhat unfortun-ate for him. Yet on putting that maxim into critical hands, we shall soon discover such to be the fact. Let us do this. " And so you think," says the patrician, " that the object of our rule should be "the greatest hap-piness to the greatest number." "Such is our opinion," answers the petitioning plebeian. " Well, now, let us see what your principle in-volves. Suppose men to he, as they very commonly are, at variance in their desires on some given point; and suppose that those forming the larger party will receive a certain amount of happiness each, from the adoption of one course, whilst those forming the smaller party will receive the same amount of hap-piness each, from the adoption of the opposite course; then if `greatest happiness' is to be our guide, it must follow, must it not, that the larger party ought to have their way ?" " Certainly." " That is to say, if you, the people, are a hundred, whilst we are ninety-nine, your happiness must be preferred, should our wishes clash, and should the individual amounts of gratification at stake on tire two sides be equal." " Exactly ; our axiom involves that." "So then it seems, that as, in such a case, you de-cide between the two parties by numerical majority, you assume that the happiness of a member of the one party, is equally important with that of a mem-ber of the other." " Of course." " Wherefore, if reduced to its simplest form, your doctrine turns out to be the assertion that all men have equal claims to happiness; or, applying it per-sonally, that you have as good a right to happiness.  as I have." " No doubt I have." " And pray, sir, who told you that you have as good a right to happiness as I have ?" " Who told me ?ŠI am sure of it; I know it; I feel it ; IŠ" "Nay, nay, that will not do. Give me your au- thority. Tell me who told you thisŠhow you got at itŠwhence you derived it." Whereupon, after some shuffling, our petitioner is forced to confess that he has no other authority but his own feelingŠthat he has simply an innate per- - ception of the fact; or, in other words, that "his moral sense tells him so." . . . In truth, none but those committed to a precon-ceived theory, can fail to recognize, on every hand, the workings of such a faculty. From early times downward there have been constant signs of its presenceŠsigns which happily thicken as our own day is approached. The articles of Magna Charta embody its protests against oppression; and its de-mands for a better administration of justice. Serf-dom was abolished partly at its suggestion. It en-couraged Wickliffe, Huss, Luther, and Knox, in their contests with popery : and by it were Hugue-nots, Covenanters, Moravians, stimulated to maintain freedom of judgment in the teeth of armed ecclesi asticism. It dictated Milton's " Essay on the Liberty of Unlicensed Printing. " It piloted the Pilgrim Fathers to the New World. It supported the follow-ers of George Fox under fines and imprisonment. And it whispered resistance to the Presbyterian clergy of 1662. In latter days it emitted that tide of feeling which undermined and swept away Cath-olic disabilities. Through the mouths of anti-slavery orators, it poured out its fire, to the scorching of the selfish, to the melting of the good, to our national purification. It was its heat, too, which warmed our sympathy for the Poles, and made boil our in-dignation against their oppressor. Pent-up accumu-lations of it, let loose upon a long-standing injustice, generated the effervescence of a reform agitation. By the passage of its subtle current is that social electrolysis effected, which classes men into parties, which separates the nation into its positive and neg-ative, its radical and conservative elements. At present it puts on the garb .of anti-State-Church associations, and shows its presence in manifold societies for the extension of popular power. It builds monuments to political martyrs, agitates for the admission of Jews into Parliament, publishes books on the rights of women, petitions against class legislation, threatens to rebel against militia conscriptions, refuses to pay Church-rates, repeals oppressive debtor acts, laments over the distresses of Italy, and thrills with sympathy for the Hunga-rians.ŠSocial Statics, introduction, pages 33-36. It was the recognition of this sense of natural and inalienable rightsŠthe just claim that every man has under the law of nature,Šthat made the founders of our Government so careful to throw around these rights every protection that govern-ment can afford. The Constitution ex-pressly states that it is formed to " estab-lish justice," and justice is only conformity to natural lawŠthe recognition of rightsŠand these rights are what are, as Jefferson says, " impressed on the sense of every man. We do not claim these under the charters of kings or legislators, but under the King of kings." Any other theory is un-American ; and not only un-American, but contrary to reason and to the feelings which every living man has felt in his own breast. W. A. BLAKELY. Ł -.410-Ł  WHEN man undertakes to become God's avenger he becomes a demon. Driven by the frenzy of a religious zeal, he loses every gentle feeling, forgets the most sa-cred precepts of his creed, and becomes ferocious and unrelenting.ŠCol. Richard M. Johnson. 