_ AMERICAN SENTINEL. 10 7 Studies in French History. Š9. "WHEN the poor Jews could no longer be found to torment and persecute," begun Professor Carman, the next Wednesday afternoon, the tide turned toward some heretics at Orleans. Among these was an old man, who had once been confessor of Queen Constance. But he had become in some way convinced of the errors of the Romit-h church, and had severed his connection from it. This made the queen so angry that as he was passing by, she struck him so violent a blow with her staff that his eye was dashed out." "She must have been an extremely pleasant tempered . . woman," exclaimed Jack Smith, indignantly, "and de-served to have songs written about her." "About the year 1031 there was a dreadful famine which lasted for three years. I think I have never read of anything so horrible ever being done as during this frightful time. History tells us that human flesh was very often eaten, and even that the frenzied people would rob the graveyards, and devour the buried corpses. It was not safe for children to be left alone, lest some fiend, made frantic by the pangs of hunger, should kill them to sustain his own life. The wolves and other wild animals were as hungry as the people, and grew so bold as often to attack them; and the famished people were so weak from hunger that they could hardly defend themselves." "0, wasn't it so dreadful!" exclaimed Florence Ray. "How long before there was a change?" "In the fourth year the crops again grew, so that  there was an abundance of food. And now, while every-body's heart was soft and tender with gratitude, the Catholic Church made a law, called the Peace of God,' forbidding the taking of human life, in any other way." "Well, seems to me that was said Chirlie White. "Yes, but while the people depended upon their own unaided efforts they could not keep the sixth command-ment or any other. The natural heart is full of hatred and murder, and these people soon became as lawless and wicked as ever. Then another law was tried, called the "Truce of God." From Wednesday eve till the next Monday morning, the law forbade murdering anyone upon any pretext whatever; so that during this period each week, human life was comparatively secure." "Then I suppose if any one had any killing to do, he must do it between Wednesday and Monday," chimed in Harry Ray. "I should have thought they would have called the other days butchering days," remarked Will Barnaby, shuddering. "Yes; but even this restriction was better than noth-This was the condition of things in the eleventh century,Šabout 1034. "How long did King Robert the Pious reign?" askedRob Bil-lings, pencil in hand. "Thirty-five years, and was succeeded by Henry the First, his son, and Philip the First, his grand-son. Henry reigned twenty-nine years, but his reign seemed to be quite uneventful. Philip had a long reign of forty-eight years. The historian does not give Philip I. a very good name, I am sorry to say; but kind and just rulers are always the exception, not the rule. " While Philip was on the throne of France there was a wonderful warlike move-ment undertaken to rescue or recover Jerusalem from the hand of the Turks, called the Crusades." "I remember of reading that Philip the First was aw-fully lazy, and lazy folks are generally cowards; so I should have thought he would have objected to expos-ing himself enough to lead his army," said Edna Phil-lips. "Your idea is quite correct, Edna," said the professor, "quite correct; for Philip did not offer to head;his army, and so when the Christian troops returned victoriously, he did not claim, nor did he get a bit of the glory. "Along toward the last of his reign he pretended to feel so sorry for his sins that he ordered his people not to bury him with the preceding kings of France in St. Denis Cathedral. "The lives of the nobles were wicked and profligate in war or in a pretty good thing," ing. CRUSADERS ON THEIR WAY TO PALESTINE, 