 664 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. _      THE DANGER OF MODERN MISSIONS. By the Rev. Henry S. Nash, D.D., in the Churchman. BY the danger of missions is not meant the peril of life and limb into which our foreign missionaries must from time to time run themselves. So far is that from being a real danger bf missions that it con-tributes mightily to their health and well-being. The apostolic exhortation, " Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you ". (i Pet. 4: 12), applies in full force to the foreign field. It is not strange that now and then in heathen lands heroic missionaries lose life in order to find it. It would rather be strange if nothing of this sort be-- fell them. The blood of the martyrs has always been the seed of the church. For the blood that the martyrs gladly shed expresses the depth of faith, the strength of will, and the exclusiveness of purpose which are the church's mainstay. Indeed, one is tempted in these days to think that missions have lost something of their nobility by reason of the telegraph, the steam-ship, and all those modern inventions that keep the missionary so near home and make escape, from peril 'so easy. -A foolish thought, no doubt. For the times and the occasions of our work are all in God's hand. Yet in our gladness over the escape of missionaries from peril, we need to remember that something far more precious than the lives of io,000 Christians is at stake in, the foreign field. The singleness and purity of the' missionary motive,  is the great issue. The Danger Not Imaginary. That the danger to foreign missions,  is very far from being imaginary, a glance at China will -show. Nowhere else can the issue be made so plain. The storm-centre of our times is there. For a long while to come, the break-up of the old and the making of the new frame of life out there 'is sure to be one of the world's chief concerns. And since China is the one and sole heathen power Which stands out against the 'influence of Christianity, somewhat as the Ro-man Empire stood out of old, it is the one place where the commercial and political and religious mo-tives may-most easily become confused. " The flag " of one country or another has al-ready, to all appearances, been substituted for the cross. The most flagrant case is the " monstrous can- , , " that Germany has cut out of. China as indem-nity for the murder of German'missionaries. It looks as if the old German law of fines for bloodshed had suddenly come to life in timeto help out Germany's expansion. A Christian missionary is murdered, and the crime is paid for in land. The blood of the martyr is no longer, then, the- seed of the church. It has just the same significance as the blood of a German soldier shed in Sedan. It helps on the glory of the Fatherland. The '" flag " has stolen a march on the cross. No matter whether such an action lies inside the range of America or not; and no matter what the church connectionsŁ of the missionary.  may be, an affair like this touches us all. Is not the purity of the missionary motive in serious danger? It is cer-tainly worth while to put the question. Keep the Cross Far From the Sword. Let us clear our minds by going to the first sources of our religion. When our Lord permitted himself to be crucified, and when by his resurrection he authenticated and verified his death as God's deepest word to man, he purified and transformed the idea of God, cleansing it once and for all from the idea of force. Philosophy had not been able to, do this. Neither was Judaism able. Even the pro-phets had not wholly succeeded. But the cross 'of Christ commended to men as God's greatest deed brought this to pass. Thus religion was taken out of politics. Before the Master died hetobk all pains to make clear the meaning of his death. " Put up they sword," he .said to the apostle Peter, through whose veins the blood of the Galilean peasant and patriot ran hot. And he did not forget in his own agony and distressŠhe did not forget to touch and heal the ear that Peter's clumsy sword had wounded. He would not permit the spotless purity of the cross to be so much as touched by the finger-tips of force. -Our Lord, then, bids us see to it that in the mis-sionary-field the cross be kept far from the sword. In his own temptation he gloriously withstood the pressure put upon him by the Messianic ideal of his people. He refused to Cxsarize himself in the slightest degree. The church, imitating his life, comes ftom time to time under the same temptation which he met and overcame, and her word to herself should be: " Look to it that thou be not Cesarized." The apostolic ' age teaches us the same lesson. The noble Jewish legend regarding, the BenediciteŠthat it was sung by the three children in the fiery furnaceŠis a true parable of the church's victory over the world. From the death of Stephen to the 