234 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. more will the National Reformers be able to convince these with the aid of the power which these acts give, to inflict pains and penalties upon dissenters. We disagreed with the National Reformers before; we disagree with them now. We denied before that Sunday should be ob-served; we deny now that it should be ob-served. We refused before to keep Sun-day; we refuse now to keep Sunday. We rejected before, the National Reform claim of right to use the governmental power to compel anybody to keep Sunday; and al-though they have secured the use of the power, we reject now their right to use it. ALL these years we have denied the right of Congress to legislate in behalf of Sun-day or any other religious rite or institu-tion. We denied this wholly upon princi-ple. We protested against Sunday legis-lation because it is religious legislation. We would have protested equally if it had been proposed to legislate in behalf of any other religious day. We can appeal to the life of THE SENTINEL Ł as clear evi-donee that this has always been the one prominent feature and reason of our pro-test against Sunday legislation. And as long as the question had maintained this standing only, so long would this have still been the prominent feature of our protest. Now, however, the question has changed; and the prominent feature of our protest changes accordingly. Con-gress has now legislated upon the subject. Congress has now decided and has com-mitted the Government to the decision that Sunday is the Sabbath and shall be ob-served. And now we protest against it, not only because it is religious legislation, but above all, because it is not true. In this act Congress has committed itself and the Government to a falsehood. SUNDAY is not the Sabbath. Sunday is not the Lord's day. Sunday is not in any sense a sacred day. As before stated, the chiefest advocates of this Sunday legisla-tion admit in writing that there is no di-vine command for the observance of Sun-day in any way. They know that the only authority for it is the authority of the church. And if they do not know, they, and everybody else who will look into the question, may learn that " the church " which is authority for Sunday sacredness is the Catholic Church, and that alone. And they may likewise know that professed Protestants who keep Sunday, are following the authority of the Catholic Church, and that alone, for there is no other authority for Sunday observance whether by church rulers or govern-mental statute. And Congress in requir-ing the observance of Sunday, is requiring submission and obedience to the authority of the Catholic Church, for there is no other authority for Sunday observance. It was therefore perfectly fitting that in the chief speech that was made in favor of the Sunday bill in the Senate (the speech of Senator Hawley of Connecticut), the chief place in the speech should be given to the views of Catholic archbish-ops upon the subject. But the authority of the Catholic Church is no authority at all; it is only usurpation and fraud, and its Sunday sacredness is a falsehood. Therefore it is that the Congress of the United States, in legislating in behalf of Sunday observance, has committed itself, and the Government of Łthe United States, to a falsehood. And not only to a false- hood, but to. a Papal falsehood. And we refuse to recognize it or yield any respect to it as either true or right. THE Seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, and Sunday is not the Sabbath. The seventh day is the Lord's day, and Sunday is not. The seventh day is the sacred day and the only sacred day, and Sunday is not at all a sacred day. For thus saith the Lord :Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. " And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2: 3. This is the position and the protest of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL now and al- ways. A. T. J. Ł Some Scraps of New England History.* THE act of 1631 making membership in the church a test of citizenship had in-volved the Massachusetts theocrats in an-other dilemma. There was a considerable number of people who were not members of the churches, and because of unfitness could not be admitted. Even more than this, they did not want to be admitted. But as membership in the church was necessary to citizenship, and as they wanted to be, and deemed it their right to be, citizens, they took to organizing churches of their own. But the theocrats were not willing that power should slip through their fingers in any such way as this; they found not only a way to escape from the dilemma, but with that to make their power more absolute. In 1635 the following law was enacted Forasmuch as it hath bene found by sad experi-ence, that much trouble and disturbance bath hap-pened both to the Church and civil State by the officers & members of some churches, wch have bene gathered. . . . in an vndue manner . . it is . . . ordered that . . . this court doeth not, nor will hereafter approue of any such companyes of men as shall henceforth ioyne in any pretended way of church fellowshipp, with-out they shall first acquaints the magistrates, & the elders of the greatr pte of the churches in this jur-isdicon, with ti eir intencons, and have approbacon herein. And ffurther, it is ordered, that noe pson, being a member of any churche which shall here-after be gathered without the approbacon of the magistrates, & the greater pte of the said churches, shall be admitted to the ffreedome of this common-wealths. Mrs. Hutchinson was condemned, but happily escaped with her life. A few days after her condemnation, the gover-nor sent her a warrant banishing her from the territory of Massachusetts. At the solicitation of Roger Williams, she and her friends went to Narragansett Bay. Miantonomoh made them a present of the island of Rhode Island, where they settled. In 1636 about a hundred people, under the leadership of Thomas Hooker, a min-ister second only to Cotton in the estimate of the colonists, removed from Massachu-setts Colony to the valley of the Connecti-cut, and established there the towns of Springfield, Windsor, Hartford, and Wethersfield; and January 14, 1639, Springfield preferring to remain in the jurisdiction of Massachusetts, the three * Condensed from "Two Republics." remaining towns established a form of government under eleven " fundamental orders," the preamble of which is as fol-lows:Š Forasmuch as it hath pleased the Almighty God by the wise disposition of his divine providence so to order and dispose of things that we, the inhab-itants and residents of Windsor, Hartford, and Wethersfield are now cohabiting and dwelling in and upon the river of Connecticut and the lands thereunto adjoining; and well knowing where a people are gathered together, the word of God re-quires that to maintain the peace and union of such a people there should be an orderly and decent government established according to God, to order and dispose of the affairs of the people at all sea-sons as occasion shall require; do therefore associ-ate and conjoin ourselves to be as one public State or commonwealth; and do for ourselves and our successors and such as shall be adjoined to us at any time hereafter, enter into combination and con-federation together, to maintain and pursue the liberty and purity of the gospel of our Lord Jesus which we now profess, as also the discipline of the churches which according to the truth of the said gospel is now practiced amongst us; as also in our civil affairs to be guided and governed according to such laws, rules, orders, and decrees as shall be made, order,ed, and decreed. Order number four was to the effect that the governor should "be always a member of some approved congregation, and formerly of the magistracy within this jurisdiction." The oath of office for the governor was as follows :Š I, , being now chosen to be governor within this jurisdiction, for the year ensuing, and until a new be chosen, do swear by the great and dreadful name of the everliving God, to promote the public good and peace of the same, according to the best of my skill; as also will maintain all lawful privileges of this commonwealth; as also that all wholesome laws that are or shall be made by lawful authority here established, be duly exe-cuted; and will further the execution of justice according to the rule of God's word; so help me God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. The oath of the magistrate was sub-. stantially the same. Unlike Massachu-setts, church membership was not re-quired in order to be a voter. Persons becanie citizens by vote of the major part of the town where they lived, or the major part of such as should be then pres-ent and taking the " oath of fidelity." In 1637 a colony of Puritan immigrants with John Davenport as their pastor, ar-rived in Boston, and remained until the spring of 1638, then founded the town and colony of New Haven. In 1639 a colony from New Haven settled the town of Milford, and another company from Eng-land settled the town of Guilford. in the same year a form of government was established, and " by the influence of Davenport it was resolved that the Scrip-tures are the perfect rule of the common-wealth; that the purity and peace of the ordinances to themselves and their pos-terity were the great end of civil order; and that church members only should be free burgesses." A committee of twelve was appointed to nominate seven men to become magistrates. In August the seven met together to put into working order the forms of the new government. " Ab-rogating every previous executive trust, they admitted to the court all church members; the character of civil magis-trates was next expounded ' from the sacred oracles;' and the election followed. Then Davenport, in the words of Moses to Israel in the wilderness, gave a charge to the governor to judge righteously; ' The cause that is too hard for you,' such was part of the minister's text, `bring it to me, and I will hear it.' Annual elec-tions were ordered; and God's word estab-lished as the only rule in public affairs." The other towns followed this example, and thus " the power of the clergy 