FEBRUARY 20, 1896. SIEN1TTIVilt3 61 censure." [The records of the Kirk-Session of Aber-deen, in 1656, have this entry : " Cite Issobell Balfort, servand to William Gordone, tailyeor, beeing found sleeping at the Loche side bn the Lord's day in tyme of sermon."ŠNote 186]. At the " Kirk," the prayers averaged nearly two hours in 'length, and the " sermones" about three hours and a half; yet it was a great sin even for the children to become tired before they were ended:Š " Halyburton, addressing the young people of his congregation, says: ' Have not you been glad when the Lord's day was over, or at least, when the preack-ing was done that ye might get your liberty ? Has it not been a burden to you, to sit so long in the church? Well, this is a great sin.' "ŠNote 186. "Heresy," or "pretended liberty of con-science," was the crime of crimes, and to be punished accordingly :Š [" Rutherford's Free Disputation against Pretended Liberty of Conscience' says: " We hold that tolera-tion of all religions is nut farre from blasphemy." 'If wolves be permitted to teach what is right in their own erroneous conscience, and there be no ' magis-trate to put them to shame,' Judges 18:7, and no king to punish them, then godliness and all that con-cerns the first table of the law must be marred." " Wilde and atheistical' liberty of conscience."Š Notes 199, 200.] . " They taught that it was a sin to tolerate his [the heretic's] notions at all, and that the proper course was to visit him with sharp and immediate punish-ment, Going yet further, they broke the domestic ties, and set parents against their offspring. They taught the father to smite the unbelieving child and to slay his own boy sooner than to allow him to prop-agate error. [" A third benefit (which is a branch of the former), is zeal in the godly against false teachers, who shall be so tender of the truth and glory of God and the safety of the church (all which are endangered by error), that it shall overcome natural affection in them; so that parents shall not spare their own chil-dren, being seducers, but shall either by an heroick act (such as was in Phineas, Num. 25:8), themselves judge him worthy to die, and give sentence, and exe-cute it, or cause him to be punished, by bringing him to the magistrate. . . The toleration of a false religion in doctrine or worship, and the exemption of the erroneous from civil punishment, is no more lawful under the New Testament than it was under the Old."ŠHutcheson's Exposition on the Minor Prophets. the Prophets, the Prophecie of ZechariahŠNote 201.] " As if this were not enough, they tried to extirpate another affection, even more sacred and more devoted still. They laid their rude and merciless hands on the holiest passion of which our nature is capable, the love of a mother for her son. Into that sanc-tuary, they dared to intrude,; into that they thrust their gaunt and ungentle forms. If a mother held opinions of which they disapproved they did not scruple to invade her household, take away her chil-dren, and forbid her to hold communication with them. Or if, perchance, her son had incurred their displeasure, they were not satisfied with forcible sep-aration, but they labored to corrupt her heart, and harden it against her child, so that she might be privy to the act. In one of these cases mentioned in the records of the church of Glasgow, the Kirk-Session of that town summoned before them a woman, merely because she had received into her own house her own son, after the clergy had excommunicated him. So effectually did they work upon her mind, that they induced her to promise, not only that she would shut her door against the child, but that she would aid in bringing him to punishment. She had sinned in lov-ing him; she had sinned, even, in giving him shelter; but, says the record, ' she promised not to do it again, and to tell the magistrates when he comes next to her.' " She promised not to do it again. She promised to forget him whom she had borne of her womb and suckled at her breast. She promised to forget her boy, who had of ttimes crept to her knees, and had slept in her bosom, and whose tender frame she had watched over and nursed. . . . To hear of such things is enough to make one's blood surge again, and raise a tempest in our inmost nature. But to have seen them, to have lived in the midst of them, and yet not to have rebelled against them, is to us utterly inconceivable, and proves in how complete a thrall-dom the Scotch were held, and how thoroughly their minds, as well as their bodies, were enslaved. "What more need I say ? What further evidence need I bring to elucidate the real character of one of the most detestable tyrannies ever seen on the earth ? When the Scotch Kirk was at the height of its power, we may search history in vain for any institution which can compete with it, except the Spanish Inqui-sition. Between these two there is a close and inti- mate analogy. Both were intolerant, both were cruel, both made war upon the finest parts of human nature, and both destroyed every vestige of religious treedum." It may be said, of course, that all this was back in the seventeenth century, when men where narrow and bigoted iu their ideas, and in-tolerant in matters of religion. Yes: that was the seventeenth century, when men were big-oted and self-opinionated and revengeful, and hated others who differed from them, and lusted for power in both civil and spiritual affairs; and this is the nineteenth century, when human nature is exactly the same that it was then. To-day men are narrow-minded, bigoted, full of prejudices and passions, and as eager to obtain power and to use it for any purpose they may see fit, as they ever were in the past. Let the " National Reform" party succeedŠlet there be a resurrection of the Scottish Covenanter theory of government in this land, and there will a chapter in our national history parallel to that in Scotland's history to which we have referred. We present no arraignment of clergymen, as such; we ourselves believe and preach the gospel of salvation through Christ. If we did not, the AMERICAN SENTINEL would not be published. But there are clergymen and clergymenŠsome who are eager to get control of civil affairs in order that they may be con-ducted on a " Christian " basis, and others who see that compulsion in religious matters is contrary to the gospel, and ruinous to both the Church and the State. The clergymen who would assume control of civil affairs if they could, are not to be trusted. And, sad to say, they are a numerous and growing com-pany in our fair land, and are able to marshal a mighty host of adherents. The proper administration of civil affairs for the preservation of peace and order, is through the regularly constituted and author-ized officials of the government, and not through the clergy, or through " Law and Order" leagues, " City Vigilance" leagues, Epworth leagues, " Christian Endeavor " leagues, societies for the "Prevention of Crime," or anything else of the sort. If the regularly-constituted officials of the govern-ment are not trustworthy, let others be ap-pointed in their place; if they are not suffic-iently numerous, let the number be increased. But let religion be kept out of politics, and to all those of whatever profession who would seize upon the civil power in the interests of a religious theory of government, let it be em-platically said, " Hands off." DIVINE RIGHT.* IT is the divine right of every man to be-lieve or not believe, to be religious or not religious, as he shall choose for himself. God himself, in Jesus Christ, has said : "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that re-jecteth me, and receiveth not my words, bath one that judgeth him ; the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day. " John 12: 47, 48. Thus the God of heaven, the Author of Christianity, has left every soul free to believe or not believe, to to receive or reject, his words, as the man may choose for himself. And when any man chooses not to believe, and chooses to reject his word, the Lord does not condemn him. Whoever, therefore, would presume to, ex-ercise jurisdiction over the religious belief or observances of any man, or would c mpel any man to conform to the precepts of any * From chapter XI, "Rights of the People. religion, or to comply with the cert monies of any religious body, or would condemn any man for not so complying, does in that thing put himself above Jesus Christ, and, indeed, above God, for he exercises a prerogative which God himself refuses to exercise. The word of God is the word of life. To whomsoever that word comes, whosoever hear-eth it, to him in that rord there comes life from GodŠeternal life. Then he who rejects that word rejects life. He who rejects life does in that very thing choose death. And he who chooses death by the rejection of life does in that pass judgment of death upon himself. And so it stands written," It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you; but seeing ye put it front you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life," etc. Acts 13: 46. Thus it is that God judges no man for rejecting his word; and this is how it is that that word shall judge men in the last day. " In that day" that word of life will stand there as the witness to all that eternal life came to all, but was rejected, and nothing but death re-mains. And when the death is received, each one receives simply what he has chosen, and in that the God of love does not condemn, but is sorry instead. Now to the Christian church is committed this word of life as she is sent into the world. She is to " preach the word. " To her it is written," Do all things without murmurings and disputings; that ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world; holding forth the word of life." Phil. 2:14-16. Thus the true Church is in the world "in Christ's stead. "(2 Cor. 5:20), to hold forth, to bring to men, the word of life. In so doing she judges no one, she condemns no one, she sets at naught no one, for she " is subject unto Christ" in everything (Eph. 5: 24), and he ever says," If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge [condemn] him not." In this word Christ also establishes the divine right of every man, at his own free choice, to dissent from, and to disregard in every way, any doctrine, dogma, ordinance, rite, or institution of any church on earth. And no man can ever rightly be molested or disquieted in any way whatever in the free exercise of this divine right. A Subtle Subterfuge. Professedly this right has always been rec-ognized by both Catholicism and the different sects of Protestantism, but in nearly every instance the profession of recognition of the right has been only a pretense; for, while professing to recognize the right in one way, in another way, and by a sheer subterfuge, it has been denied and attempt made to sweep it entirely away. This subterfuge is for the church to get her dogmas or institutions rec-ognized in the law, and then demand obed-ience to the law, throwing upon the dissenter the odium of "lawlessness and disrespect for the con stitu ed au th oriti es," while she poses as the champion of " law and order," the " conservator of the State, and the stay of society "! Of all the hypocritical pretenses that were ever employed, this is perhaps the subtlest, and is certainly the meanest. It flourished throughout the Middle Ages, when anything and everything that the Church could invent was thus forced upon the people. Its slimy trail can be traced throughout the history of the " Protestant" sects, in thus coning upon the people such peculiar institutions as were characteristic of the sect that could obtain 