100 ii i—,  41111181411111s1 J111111111.  Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JANUARY 1, 1891. NUMBER 1. be American Sentinel. PUSLISIIED WEEKLY, UT THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORE. , Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, Ł - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOOIATE EDITORS, C. P. BQLLMAN, W. H. 1VIcICEE. THE Canadian Baptist, of November 6, 1890, has the following : " The appropri-ation of public moneys to sectarian uses by State: Legislatnres is exciting much and increasing discussion in the ;United States. Thoughtful and far-seeing citi-zens in the different States are coming to see more and more clearly that such use of the public funds is wrong in principle and pernicious in practice." KNOWLEDGE of good and evil affords no assurance of a greater love of the one or of a greater hatred of the other than would exist in ignorance. Our first parents no doubt found the devil Well enough in-fOrmed. The archangel Michael and the arch-devil Lucifer may have the same intel-lectual ability and the same intellectual at-tainments, but the fidelity of the one and the disobedience of the other make heaven and hell. Unless knowledge ripens into moral fere° it becomes the tool of selfish-ness and sin.ŠRev. E. P. Marvin. CARDINAL GIBBONS thinks that first of all, Sunday should be devoted to religion. Presupposing that a certain portion of the day is set apart for religious exercises, he thinks that "any recreation that will con-tribute to the physical, mental, and moral enjoyment of the masses should be en-couraged. Baseball playing is inconsist-ent with a proper observance. The church desires the Sabbath to be cheerful without dissipation, grave and religious without sadness akd melancholy; and prescribes the golden mean botween rigid sabbata- rianism on the one hand and lax indulgence on the other." This is all well enough for the Catholic Church'; it has a perfect right to require its members to observe Sunday in this way if it so elects, but neither that church nor any other has any right to ask the State to compel people to either do or forbear any act on Sunday simply because the church holds it to be improper upon that day. The Situation as It Is To-day. WITH the issue of this number, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL enters upon the sixth year of its publication. When THE SEN-TINEL was started= there was but one or-ganizationŠ the National Reform Asso-ciation Š working to secure what THE SENTINEL was established to oppose. Now there are four such organizations wholly pledged to it. These four are the National Reform Association, the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, the American Sabbath Union, and the National League for the Protection of American Institu-tions, besides the Presbyterian General Assembly, and the Methodist Conference of New York. Then, the one organization, though not very large, except in its head, was active and influential. Now, all of these organizations are much larger, very active, and very influential, both in their heads and in their members. Then, the one organization had. made no decided suc-cess in securing religious legislation, now, all of these organizations have had most decided, and, to the careful student of public affairs, startling success in this bad direction At this the beginning of this new year in an everlasting campaign, it will be well to take a glance at the field as it at this moment appears 'as related to religious legislation. Hove many measures are pending in Congress which propose to commit the Government to the guardian-ship and the teaching of religion ? 1. The Blair Sunday Bill, which pro-poses to secure the " due observance " of Sunday as a day of "rest and worship." 2. The Breckinridge Sunday Bill, which, like the Blair Sunday Bill, proposes to enforce a "conscientious belief in, and observance of," a day of rest. These bills both propose by law to re-quire everybody to conscientiously be-lieve in and observe some day as a day of rest. But everybody has both the nat-ural and constitutional right to observe or not to observe a day of rest, just as he pleases, whether he conscientiously be-lieves in it or not. He has just as much right not to do-it as he has to do it. The Legislature invades the freedom of relig-ious worship when it assumes the power to compel a man conscientiously to do anything. The principle is the same whether the law compels is to do that which we wish to do, or whether it com-pels us to do that which we do not wish to do. The compulsory power does not exist in either case. In either case the- State assumes control of the rights of conscience ; and the freedom of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science is gone, and thenceforth all are required to worship according to the dic-tates of the State, that is, according to the caprice of majorities. But the American Constitution has forbidden the Federal Gov-ernment to invade " the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul." Therefore these two Sunday bills do distinctly invade both the consti-tutional and the natural rights of the American people. 3. The Blair Educational Amendment. This measure proposes to amend the na-tional Constitution so that it shall em-power Congress to enforce upon all, the teaching of the Christian religion. 4. The Blair Educational Bill, the in-tent of which is to open the way for the easier adoption of the proposed amend-ment, and for the fuller exercise of the power of Congress in enforcing its pro-visions. 5. The Edmunds University Bill, which proposes to establish a national university, and provides for the teaching of " Chris-tian theology " in said university. Theol- 