"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, APRIL 12, 1894. NUMBER 15.  American Sentinel PUBLISHED WEENLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 130ND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, ALONZO T. JONES. - CALVIN P. BOLLIVIAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, / WILLIAM H. MC BEE. A GOOD deal has been said of late in these columns concerning the aggression of the papacy in the United States, but what is true in this country is also true of European countries. Ł Rome's purpose is to again rule Christendom. THERE exists a world-wide condition of affairs exceedingly favorable to the pre-tensions of the Roman hierarchy. For years modern civilization has apparently been about to crumble, like the Roman empire, under its own magnificence. Those conditions essential to stability have not been preserved, and the recognition of impending ruin has become well-nigh universal. THE jealousy of European nations has imposed upon them burdens too great to be borne indefinitely. Immense standing armies have depleted national treasuries to the verge of bankruptcy. Indeed, some of the nations have been unable to meet their obligations already; but the armies must be maintained at any cost, for ability to repel an invader is the price of national autonomy. UPON the unnatural condition created by exorbitant taxation and the withdrawal of so many thousands of men from indus-trial pursuits, has been superinduced un-paralleled commercial depression. Not alone from Europe and America, but also from India, Australasia and South Amer-ica comes the cry of "hard times." Out-side of Russia there have been no crop failures, and yet the people cry for bread; the money metals of the world have not been exhausted, and yet trade is hampered because of lack of a circulating medium. Money, instead of seeking investment, is hiding in safe-deposit vaults, while the wheels of industry rust in idleness, and hundreds of thousands of operatives grow gaunt and desperate with hunger. ANOTHER element that renders the situ- ation still more serious is the fact that in most countries popular education has mul-tiplied the necessities of the people, with-out at the same time increasing, in a cor-responding ratio, their ability to supply their wants. Tens of thousands have, as the German Emperor declared a few years since, been educated beyond the station they must of necessity fill in life; and the result is more deep and wide-spread dis-content, more desperation, and more power to effectively give expression to that con-suming unrest born of hope long deferred. FOR many years the various avenues of egress served as safety valves for Europe. The discontented and the oppressed could emigrate to America, a 'land of freedom and of plenty. But now the limit has been reached. The tide of settlement and of civilization having reached the Pacific Coast, crossing the Rockies and the Sierras in its irresistible flow, is sweeping back upon itself, and men now see little hope of bettering their condition by emi-gration. It is no longer true that "Uncle Sam is rich enough to give us all a farm," and the submerged millions of Europe, and of our own congested centers of popu-lation, are beginning to realize that there is no longer an asylum to which they can flee. But one avenue of hope is open to the sub-strata of society, namely, a re-dis-tribution of the wealth of the world, and this is the demand now being made, and which will ere long be heard in thunder tones. Already we see the fulfillment of the words of our Lord: " Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things that are coming on the earth;" and soon will come that which is foretold by the apostle James, " Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are moth-eaten. Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire." ROME sees all this, not from the stand-point of the prophecy it is true, but from the standpoint of patent facts. And seeing it she is preparing to take every advantage afforded both by existing and 'by impending conditions. Rome has never been modest in her claims, but within less than half a decade she has become more bold than even her wont in asserting her powers and in pressing her claims as the saviour of society, the panacea of all ills that afflict or threaten the body politic of the world. Rome claims to be able to control the masses as no other power can; and to a certain extent her claim has a substantial foundation in fact. But eventually Rome will fail. Her siren song will charm the nations for a time, and her spiritual des-potism will awe the multitudinous votaries into submission for a season; but the limit will be reached, and then will the powers of earth "hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh and burn her with fire; " but not yet. It now needs no prophet to foretell a season of triumph for the great harlot before her final destruction. BUT Rome's final failure is seen only .in the light of the " sure word of proph-ecy," a light which she as skillfully ob-scures as she artfully plots for universal spiritual domination. And so completely has she covered the one and so ably has f he presented her claim to the other, that the eyes of the world are even now being turned toward the Vatican for a solution of the most gigantic problem that has ever confronted the race, namely, the preservation of civil society from threat-ened ruin. THE Catholic World, for March, has a significant article, which has a direct bear-ing on this subject. It is entitled " The Dawning of the Twentieth Century in Europe," and from the standpoint of the present delineates the probable condition of affairs in the near future. In common with the ablest statesmen of the world, the author of the article in question holds that ere long Europe will be the scene of a war far surpassing anything that the world has ever seen. He says:Š Horrified at the vast outpouring of blood and the frightful waste of material resources, the American people and press at last began to ask what was the use of it all. The word " arbitration" was upon every tongue, and all eyes were turned instinctively towards the illustrious occupant of the Vatican. His was the only voice in the whole world which would have a chance 