514 AMERICAN SENTINEL. messenger of "liberty and humanity" for the human race anywhere and everywhere in the earth. No one can deny this; and no one can deny either that the American flag in the Philippines, at the head of the forces dealing death and destruction to their opponents, does not represent the cause of Christ. The Saviour did not go about shooting people down who refused to be "benev-olently assimilated" into his kingdom. His mission was not to overcome any man by force. He came to manifest the love of God, and sought by self-sacrifice to draw all men to himself. He charged his disciples to go forth into all the world, proclaiming his gospel. He came to "preach de-liverance to the captives," to "set at liberty them that are bruised." He came to teach men to "lave one an-other." That was a mission of "liberty and humanity," and his followers were commissioned to carry this mes-sage to all people and fulfill his mission in the earth. Is this the true "mission of liberty and humanity," or is it not? This is the vital question. What is the true uplifting, liberty conferring, love producing power in the earth? Is it the gospel? or civil government? Love? or force? The principle of self sacrifice? or the principle of self-supremacy? The sword of the flesh? or the "sword of the Spirit" ? If the Bible is true, it is not the former, but the latter. The Filipinos need to be uplifted,enlightened, brought into a condition where they can enjoy the privileges and blessings to be realized on the higher planes of life. What is to confer this benefit upon themŠthe gospel of love? or the gospel of force? The Government is answering this question. It has sent its forces to the Philippines, equipped to enforce submission upon the natives. It has assumed that this is fulfilling the "blessed mission of liberty and humanity" to those people. Is this assumption correct? No! a thousand times no! If it is correct, the gospel is false. Under it, the Filipinos are having the blessed-ness of liberty and humanity shot into them and burned into them and beaten into them, while their hearts are filled with rage and their country with desolation and sorrow. Far otherwise the results which come through the agency of the gentle yet all-powerful message of the Prince of Peace. Let the gospel supplant the Government as the agency of missionary work in the Philippines. Let us have Christian savages, in the place of the dreadful spectacle of savage "Christians." NOTING General Otis's excuse for suppressing and coloring the newsŠthat to permit the truth to beknown "would alarm the people at home"Šthe London Specta-tor says: "But to alarm people who are living in a fooPs paradise is the duty of every one who has their welfare at heart." The. Conquered is Conquering. IT is a familiar remark in history that Rome was conquered by those whom she had conquered: that while Rome conquered the East by her arms, Rome herself was conquered by the vices of the East. Even a Roman writer of the time noted it:Š "Luxury came on, more cruel than our arms, And avenged the vanquished world with her charms." This fact of the conquerors being conquered by the conquered, though perhaps not identically the same way, seems certainly to be repeated in this modern great republic. Of all the accepted family of nations Spain is the one to which in principles of government, the United States was the most extremely opposite. In Spain, the most subservient to Rome, and the "home of the Inquisition," was the most thorough union of churCh and state. In the United States, by the funda-mental principles and the supreme law of the nation, there was the most complete separation of church and state. In laying down these principles in words it was expressed that Rome and the Inquisition were the ragged rocks of warning which induced this total separation of religion and the State. Now the United States has conquered from Spain her colonial possessions, almost solidly Roman and inquisi-torial in religion. Before this Rome and her religion was occupying no small place in the affairs of the national Government. Is Rome's influence in and upon the na-tional Government likely to be lessened' when in dealing with these colonies, the Government must necessarily deal directly with Rome? Is it not certain that through this vast opportunity Rome will enlarge her influence, and fasten her power, more and more, upon the Govern-ment of the United States, until she shall actually dom-inateŠif not clearly, yet just as certainlyŠby the bal-ance of power? And thus the conquered may be, yea, almost certainly will be, the conqueror of her conqueror. Nor is it only in this that Spain is likely to conquer. Civilly, it is likely to be so also. This-  phase of this thought has been so well put by Professor Sumner of Yale, that we cannot do better than to quote:Š "The Americans have been committed from the out-set to the doctrine that all men are equal. We have elevated it into an absolute doctrine as a part of the theory of our social and political fabric. It has always been a domestic dogma in spite of its absolute form, and as a domestic dogma it has always stood in glaring contradiction to the facts about.  Indians and negroes, and to our legislation about Chinamen. In its absolute form it must, of course, apply to Banakas, Malays, 'raga's and Chinese just as much as to Yankees, Germans and Irish. It is an astonishing event that we have lived to see American arms carry this domestic dogma out where it must be tested in its application to uncivilized 