 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 87      "I do not forget the position assumed by some that Constitutional questions are to be decided by the Su-preme Court, nor do I deny that such decisions must be binding in any case upon the parties to a suit, as to the object of that suit, while they are,  also entitled to a very high respect and consideration in all parallel cases by all other departments of the Government. And while it is obviously possible that such decision may be erroneous in any given case, still the evil effect following it, being limited to that particular case, with the chance that it may be overruled and never become a precedent for other cases, can better be borne than could the evils of a differ-ent practice. "At the same time, the candid citizen must confess that if the policy of the Government, upon vital ques-tions affecting the whole people, is to be irrevocably fixed by decisions of the Supreme Court, the instant they are made, as in ordinary litigation between parties in personal actions, the people will have ceased to be their own rulers, having to that extent practically re-signed their government into the hands of that eminent tribunal. "Nor is there in this view any assault upon the court or the judges." LINCOLN'S PRINCIPLE AGAIN REPUDIATED. Thus from beginning to end of a discussion and cam-paign continuing for four years, Abraham Lincoln stead-fastly and courageously proclaimed the governmental principle of the right of the people of the United States to call in question, to sit in judgment upon, and to re-verse, a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States touching the meaning of the Constitution. To his position as to the principle he was able to bring the weighty authority of Thomas JeffersonŠ"the author of the Declaration of Independence, and otherwise a chief actor in the Revolution; then a delegate in Con-gress; afterward, twice President; who was, is, and per-haps will continue to be, the most distinguished politician of our history." In addition to this he was able to bring to his sup-port the national precedent of President Jackson and the great party of which he was the leader; and even the precedent of Senator DOuglas himself, his own chief op-ponent. And beyond this, he was sustained in his position by the overwhelming voice of the whole nation, in making him President, as the result of a campaign in which this was the chief issue. Yet in the face of all this, in 1896 such prominent men as Benjamin Harrison, Chauncey M. Depew, and Bourke Cochran, denounced as revolutionary a resolu-tion embodying the identical principle for which Abra-ham Lincoln contended and which he sustained by na-tional authority and national precedent. A SERIES OF STULTIFICATIONS. And as though to illustrate how completely a man of national prominence can stultify hiinself, the plainest history; and even -his hero, Mr. Depew, in delivering an oration in "honor" of Abraham Lincoln, at Galesburg, Ill., October 1896, on the very spot where Lincoln spoke twenty-eight years before, attempted to divorce Abraham Lincoln from the principle which he unswerv-ingly maintained, and to commit him to a view that he never even referred to but once in the whole four years' record, and then only to show that it did not apply. Mr. Depew said:Š "If the court interpreted the Constitution against his judgment and conscience, he would bow to its opinion, but agitate to so amend the charter as to clearly estab-lish liberty in that instrument." All that any one needs to do to see how entirely Lin-coln is misrepresented in this statement by Mr. Depew, is simply to glance again at the words of Lincoln as printed in the foregoing columns. We have printed all that has been preserved of what he said on that subject from be-ginning to end. And in it all, there is not a single sen-tence to justify Mr. Depew's statement. The interpretation of the Constitution by the Court, was against his judgment and conscience. But he did not "bow to its opinion." He distinctly said that he did not, and that he would not. He distinctly said that if he were in Congress and a vote should come up on a question whether Congress could do what the Court said it could not do, "in spite of the Dred Scott decision" he would vote that it could. He distinctly said "refuse to obey it as a political rule." "We oppose that decision as a political rule which shall be binding on the voter, on the members of Congress, or the President ; " "We do not propose to be bound by it as a political rule." If that indicates the attitude of one who bows to the opinion of the court in interpreting the Constitution, then we should like very much to have Mr. Depew's- defi-nition of the attitude of a man who refused to bow to such an opinion. Nor is Mr. Depew any more fortunate in his state-ment that Lincoln would "agitate to amend the Consti-tution," etc. The plain truth is that in the whole four years' discussion and agitation on this subject by Abra-ham Lincoln there is not to be found a single sen-tence that can,. be construed into an agitation to amend the Constitution as a remedy for the decision which he opposed. From beginning to end his agitation was solely; his call was only, "Reverse that decision." "Somebody has to reverse that decision, since it was made, and we mean to reverse it." "We propose so resisting it as to have it reversed if we can, and [not an amendment to the Con-stitution, but] A NEW JUDICIAL RULE established on this subject." "The American people shall see that constitu-tions are [not amended, but] better construed than our Constitution is construed in that decision." These are not the words of a man who was agitating for an amendment to the Constitution as a remedy for an interpretation of it that was against his judgment and conscience. Abraham Lincoln was too well ac-quainted with the fundamental principles of t 