THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 231 general observance of the law. The shopkeepers say that they favor the movement, and each says that he kept open only because his neighbors did, and because of competition. Such things as this mark the continual growth of the movement for enforced Sunday observance, and, as is to be expected, are supplemented by con-gressional, legislative, and judicial action. AT the closing session of the great Christian Endeavor convention at Madison Square Garden, those present, claimed to be twenty thousand in number, adopted with great enthusiasm resolutions asking Congress to make Sunday closing a condi-tion of further appropriations for the World's Fair. Since then the Baptist Young People have met in convention at Detroit, Mich., several thousand strong, and at that meeting this was adopted :Š Resolved, That the Baptist Young People's Union of America, in convention assembled, most ear-nestly calls the attention of the Christian people of America to the importance of closing the World's Columbian Exposition, and requests the House of Representatives to pass the Senate bill containing the provisions for closing the Fair on Sunday and prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors on the grounds. Thus the National Reform kindergarten grows. THE little village of Mosinee, Wis., is having some excitement at the present time over the Sun-day closing question. An ordinance has been passed requiring all candy stores, saloons, etc., to be closed on Sunday, but butcher shops are exempted. One man has a candy store with a butcher shop in the back part. A neighbor sent to his store for some ice cream, and as soon as it was found out that it had been sold to him, the combined butcher and confection vender was arrested and fined three dollars and costs, amounting in all to about seven-teen dollars. Why it is a crime to sell ice cream on Sunday and a virtue to sell it on other days, is a question that Sunday-law advocates have not fully explained on the basis that all they want is to require a civil rest with no religion whatever in it. Why is it uncivil to allow a man to cool himself with ice cream on Sunday, and perfectly civil on other days ? If the religion were taken out of the ques-tion this difference would not appear. Just so far as these Sunday laws are enacted and enforced, just that far we have a union of religion with the State. THE New York Press says:Š The Chicago saloon-keeper contemplates the ac-tion of Congress in ordering the World's Fair closed on Sundays with a pious smile, and thanks heaven there is still some virtue left in the hearts and minds of our national lawmakers. Meanwhile he increases his stock of whisky and otherwise pre-pares for a big Sunday trade during the Exposition season. The Press has the best of authority for making such a statement, for the Wine and Spirit Gazette, which is the organ of the saloon trade, declares un- hesitatingly, thatŠ the liquor dealers of Chicago are among the staunchest opponents of the opening of the Fair on Sunday. If the Fair grounds are closed on Sundays thousands of visitors will most likely patronize on that day the numerous beer gardens, concert halls, and other places of amusement where liquor is sold. A golden harvest is expected by the liquor dealers of Chicago from the closing of the Fair on Sun-days. The Christian Statesman has denied that the liq-uor element of Chicago is in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday. It is a question of veracity be- tween the Statesman and the Gazette. Tnis from the Sheldon Mail, of Sheldon, Iowa, is an evidence how thoroughly the leaven of Sunday law is permeating the whole country:Š Careful inquiry proves that the recent Sun-day law proclamation by the Mayor of Shel-don is being generally observed. The business houses are closed all day, and the laws pro- viding for the observance of the Sabbath are care-fully obeyed. This is a credit to Sheldon, or to any other town. The violation of law and the desecra-tion of the Sabbath is never a credit or an advan-tage to any community, but rather a reproach and a detrimentŠsomething to be carefully avoided. The Mayor of Sheldon is to be honored for issuing the proclamation, and the people of Sheldon are en titled to commendation for obeying it. In the vast majority of cases the violation of the law and the desecration of the Sabbath are purely matters of habit, and not the result of inborn depravity or of vicious tastes or desires. Such violations of law and of good morals usually begin in very tri-fling offenses The habit is formed and grows im-perceptibly, and thus, unconsciously and thought-lessly we do evil to an extent not realized by us until our attention is called to the matter. We believe if other mayors would follow the example of Mayor Bowley, they would find the people ready to respond to the appeal. Try it. The very simplicity of this acceptance of the au-thority of civil law for the regulation of the reli-gious habits of the community, and the appeal to the mayors of municipalities to issue their procla-mations, is very suggestive of the extent to which this delusion has filled the minds of even the most well intentioned. THE Chicago Tribune has sent a special corres-pondent to interview the Seventh-day Adventists under arrest at Paris, Tenn., and a three column article appears in its issue of July 10, giving the facts in their case together with some reference to previous cases of the same nature in Tennessee, and the expressed opinions of some of the residents of the village of Paris in reference to this partic-ular matter. The reporter quotes one gentleman as stating, some very practical facts, and saying that he is " of the opinion that the State of Tennes-see is straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel in this matter. That in doing so the State winks its eyes on other offenses. He had seen games of cinch and baseball in Paris, Sunday, and no one was indicted. The railroads worked gangs of men right in the town limits and nothing was said. People hired livery teams and went out for pleas-ure Sunday and were not molested. " When reminded that the Supreme Court's point was that it was where violations constituted a nui-sance that the statute could be brought to bear, the gentleman declared that the testimony against these men did not show that the work they had done was a nuisance. On the contrary, the wit-nesses had stated there was no nuisance, and yet the jury had found for the State, and in his opin-ion it was simply catering to a sentiment in the community, which wouldn't hesitate to go fishing Sunday, but felt outraged because these men, who were otherwise harmless, observed Saturday as a day of rest." IN concluding an editorial on the speech of Mr. Palmer in the United States Senate, with reference to the Homestead labor troubles, the Atlanta Con-stitution, of July 11, said:Š This is a time when our statesmen and leaders of public opinion should take counsel of their second sober thought before they speak. We are in great danger of mixing up moral rights with legal rights. All that can be expected in this world is the en-forcement of certain plain and undeniable rights concerning life, liberty and property. If our law-makers are going to jump into the tangled wilderness of moral rights they will become as confused and visionary as the wild reformers of the French revo-lution. . . . Moral rights can never be agreed upon; they can never be defined, arbitrated and enforced. They must be left to be regulated by public opinion. It is better to leave some wrongs unrighted than to plunge a nation into a mad cru-sade, giving Peter's property to Paul, and trying to make men love one another through the agencies of the sword and dynamite. Fortunately, the American people are too sensible to lose their heads when such questions are discussed. The Re-public of Washington and Jefferson has no place in its orderly machinery for the experimental fol-lies of either a Bellamy or a Herr Most. The Constitution makes mention quite often of the arrests in that locality for Sunday labor. Why not publish a few editorials, in this strain with reference to the attempt to regulate the people's morals by the enforcement of Sunday laws. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shdemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, $2. 50. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp-tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75 ; half morocco, $3. 00. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society: 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth eNtl a, 75 cents. g-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY 12th & Castro Streets, 43 Bond Street, OANtakicP, OAir NEw yoinc. 