500 AMERICAN American $entinel. NEW YORK, ATTGIIST 11, 1898. CAN you not make good use of a few extra- copies of this SENTINEL? Try it and see. THE truly wise Łman will take no chances with the Lord. At the bar of eternal judgment those who have not taken God eXactly at his word will feel ill at ease. NOTHING that you see around you to-day is to last beyond a few years of time. The only enduring things are the "things invisible." They are the most truly substantial. BISMARCK is dead, and one of the great figures of the century, has passed into histOry. But the figures most worth noting are not those passing off the stage, but those that are si-lently but surely giaiping the reins of power for the mining years. The world is too much given to looking backward. Din you ever read'iv hat the great English author, Charles Dickens, said about Snnday laws? You will be> in-terested in it, and so will your friends. Why not send tbelit Ł a few copies of this issue' of the SENTINEL? We print a part of, what Dickens said in this issue, and the remainder will follow next week. READ the report on page 492 of the arrests for Sunday desecration in Tennessee; and as you read, ask yourself if real Christianity ever lends itself in support of a proceeding so unfair, and so full of personal vindic-tiv eness. And it is the same story with one and all of such prosecutions, Šthey are prompted by another spirit than the spirit of Christ. THE organ of the Prohibition, League of Williamsport, Pa., heads the first article in its issue of July 15 with the words, "Don't swear! Fight!'  From a financial standpoint, this is good advice, at least for this locality; for profanity is punished by a fine, while fighting to kill is something that-staintii one a hero. But from the Christian standpoint, it is to be observed that the same law which says, "Thou shalt not take the name, of the Lord thy God in vain," says also, "Thou shalt not kill." WE note with pleasure a strong tendency on the part of Methodists, both north and south, to repudiate the action of the church representa-tives in the matter of the $288,000 claim collected from Congress by the Methodist Book Concern, of Nash-ville. We will be glad to give credit to any denomination for any move tending to repudiate the principle of union of church and state. WHILE the war cloud is breaking over this hemisphere, it is looming 'up darkly over the Eastern world, where there is a serious clash between the rival interests of EnglancrInd-Russia. Should there be war between these great powers, the consequences would be vastly—gwater than those attending the conflict now happily' concluded. THE contact of two systems of gov-exnment so opposite in character as those of the United States and Spain, is productive of curious incidents. One of these happened the other day in the island of Porto Rico, which is now coming under American rule. The Boston Herald, of August 2, makes this mention of it:Š "Chaplain Chidwick, of the 'Cincin-nati,' formerly of the 'Maine,' intro-duced to General Wilson this morning two of the leading Jesuits of Ponce, representing a thousand churches and their dependents in this province. The priests wanted information re-garding their support, and General Wilson said that under the Constitu-tion of the United States it was not possible to apply any governmental money for church purposes. Father Chidwick said it would be all the bet-ter for the church if its own people learned to contribute to its support." Perhaps General Wilson has not heard of the late $288,000 gift by Congress to the Methodist Church, or of other appropriations to the Oath-, olie and other religious bodies in this country. But he stated the constitu-tional principle correctly. THE religious demonstrations made on board the battleships before San-tiago, in connection with the victory over the Spanish, having given rise to some invidious comparisons be_ tween the commanders, one of these, the captain of the "Iowa," has felt called upon to exonerate himself from the charge of an apparent lack of piety. He gives the following reason for not summoning his crew to a reli-gious service of prayer and praise at the conclusion of the sanguinary en-, gagement which destroyed the Span-ish fleet:Š "I found my ship surrounded by boats carrying dying and wounded prisoners and others of the crew of the `Vizcaya' to the number of 250. TO leave these men to suffer for want of food and clothing while I called my men aft to' offer prayers was not my idea of either Christianity or reli-gior,.. I preferred to clothe the naked, feed the hungry, and succor the sick, and I am strongly of the opinion that God has not put a black mark against me on account of it." Beyond question the capfin of the howa" is 'fully qualified religiously to command his ship. UNDER the new law of Pennsylvania which makes it a felony to insult or degrade the American flag, the first violation, says the Philadelphia In-quirer, of August 3, was committed by the "faith healer," Francis Schlat-ter, who tore down and destroyed a flag at the Keystone Hotel, in that city; for which crime he narrowly es-caped being mobbed. There is a great deal of healing being done these days that is associated with a spirit of hostility to American principles of free government, for which "old glory", stands. The true religion will never prompt an insult to the flag. 