380 A ME HI CAN SENTINEL. the duke of which you learned last week. However, the Orleans party now came to be called the Armagnac, be-cause of the marriage of the murdered duke's eldest son to a daughter of the Count of Armagnac. The next seven years was one period of unrest and trouble. First one and then the other of the contending parties was in the ascendancy. "The worst class of society made this condition of things an excuse for all kinds of debaucheries and riots. If a villain wanted anything which he could not get by fair means, all he need do was to don the hood of blue warn by the Burgundians, or, if the other party happened just then to be the stronger, the white scarf of the Ar-magnac." "I should imagin,e that the king of England would have taken advantage of the awful fix France was in, and have come over for a finger in the pie," said Florence Ray. "Precisely what he did do, Florence. You are quite a strategic gem ral. Yes, Henry V., of England, and many Frenchmen of royal blood met in the battle of Agincourt. The English were victorious; for the French were hot-headed and impulsive, while the English king took every advantage. After a while Normandy was entirely under the English rule. "It was thought best, finally, to try to unite the two opposing French factions, and thus be better able to drive back the English. Finally, John the Fearless, the murderer of Orleans, met the young Dauphin Charles, son of the crazy king, on a bridge, where, under a pavilion raised for the purpose, terms were to be agreed upon whereby to ensure the greater peace and good of France. But while the dukewas bending his knee to his sovereign's son, one of the king's attendants treacherously struck him on the head with a hatchet." "I supposed that deed only aggravated the Burgun-dians," said Harry Ray. "Of course; they did not seem at all to remember that God has said that vengeance was his, but they strove to mete it out themselves to their enemies, and a dreadful time they had of it; for now, instead of the two factions being united, Philip, son of, John the Fearless took the side of the English, hoping thus to be better able to wreak his vengeance upon the hated Amagnacs. "Queen Isabella, who hated her son, the dauphin, also joined the English, and the poor insane king signed a most shameful treaty, agreeing that he would give his daughter Catharine to England's king, and that after his death, Henry should be the king of FranceŠthus virtu-ally signing away his people and his country to England. Still the trouble does not end between the French people Šthey fight as desperately between themselves as ever. "At last, after about two short years more, both the poor crazy Charles and King Henry die, though the latter dies first, and is constantly mourned for by King Charles, in whose wild fancy he takes the place of his own children, and when he died shortly after, it was with the name of `dear son Henry' upon his lips, Then, as Edward Barn- aby has told us in his essay, the people of France mourned for their hapless king, and when it was too late, arose to do him honor." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards. the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. New Tracts. THE three new numbers of the Apples of Gold Library treat of The Power of God, The Sabbath, and Coming of the Lord. Following is a description:Š Kept by the Power of God, No. 49, price 25e per 100. In this tract we are shown in verse and script-ure how, when, where, why, and from what we are "kept by the power of God." Judging from the depth of thought and earnestness expressed, the author wrote from experience gained by a living faith. The reader will find in this tract much that will inspire to a life of faith. The Day of the Sabbath, No. 50, price $1 per 100. A series of earnest questions on the subject of the Sabbath, covering most of its scripture phases, and bring-ing the truth home to every candid mind in the MostŁ direct, convincing, and least prejudicial way. Many of these questions have been successfully used by the author, Eld. S. W. Raymond, in his experience in the past. The Heralds of His Coming, No. 51, price $1.50 per 100. Presents in a brief, yet clear and con-vincing way the fact that our Lord is coming again, the manner of his coming, and many of the chief signs which conclusively show that his coming is near. It is illus-trated with a helpful diagram. The coming of Christ is the greatest event before the world to-day, and this little tract is sent out with a prayer that it may, under the blessing of the Lord, con-vince men that this is really so. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. SEND FOR LIST OF EXCELLENT BOOKS, slightly damaged, offered at half price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING 39 Bond St., New York. 