MAY 1, 1894. AMMIELI CAW SliikicrIENVILA. 157 masterpiece, an imitation and perversion of the true. How shall we escape its de-ceptions ?ŠBy having nothing in common with it. By ceasing to trust in men, their power, and' their traditions. By trusting in God, his word and his power. In this way, and this alone. But shall we wait till Catholicity in truth becomes Catholicity in practice, as in Macedonia ? Shall we wait until " matrimonial contracts and others" have to be sanctioned by the Catholic clergy and " bills of sale, etc., are of no value without the seal of the Catholic bishop?" You know the Word of God speaks of a time when "no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast." The " mark " to which the Catholic Church points with such evident pride, and claims as distinctively its own, is the day which it has commanded to be observed as holy instead of the day which God has commanded to be observed as holy. As long as we cling to this, from whatever pretext, we are standing upon Catholic ground, and are upholding Cath-olicity. And " no man can serve two masters : for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other." More than this; many think that they love God, when they do not. " For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments : and his commandments are not grievous." The commandments of God forbid the keeping of the day that the Catholic Church says is holy. They command that another day, "the seventh," be kept holy. And if it be a " grievous " thing to keep it holy, where is our love for God ? To know God is to love him; " but he that saith (by his profession), I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is - a liar, and the truth is not in him." 1 John 2:4. If we love God, then, more than we love the day commanded by the papacy to be kept holy, we will keep the day which his commands declare is holy. God calls upon us now to prove our loyalty to him. He brings a test upon the love we have professed. What shall we say to the charge he brings against us, if we claim by our profession to know him and yet do not. " keep his commandments ? " The question turns of loyalty to God or loyalty to the Catholic Church. The time for a decision is at hand. Christianity or Cath-olicity, which will you choose ? C. G. HOWELL . 4-. Priest, Politics, and Woman. AT the Woman's Suffrage mass meeting, held in the great hall of Cooper Union, New York City on the evening of Monday, May 7, a Roman Catholic priest, Father Ducey, is reported as expressing himself thus, by the New York World, with a few comments as to the effect of his words :Š " ' We hear it said by these ProtestantsŠI am a Catholic, as you know, and I am opposed both to Protestants and protest-antsŠthat if women voted, then suffrages would be used by the Catholic Church to fasten its hold upon the nation.' " The priest came to the edge of the platform, and, flinging up his hand, cried : ' That's a lie 1' In the whirlwind that came then the tinkle of a glass from his pince-nez was lost, but the glass was not. It bounced down on a reporter's copy and was handed back. " `The Catholic Church has elevated Woman, and non-Catholic women will bear  me out in this. The church has put a woman in her dearest and purest and ho-liest embodiment among the Godhead.' " There was a timorous handclapping at this. " ' She has put Mary, the mother of Jesus, and, as I believe, the mother of God, side by side with our Redeemer and our redeeming Brother.' " Hisses mingled with applause. Ap-proval strengthened. They who indorsed what the priest had said strove with those whose religious prejudices were opposed to the honor paid to the mother of Jesus. Approval won, though it took long to do it. The incident had its significance to those who remember that the heaviest vote polled at those school elections where women have the ballot has been called out when religious prejudice was a campaign issue." The Breckinridge-Morse District Sun-day Bill. [At the hearing on the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, held before the House Com-mittee on the District, Jan. 6, 1891, Alonzo T. Jones, editor of this paper. addressed the committee. Much of his address is just as applicable to the Morse bill, which is now before the Commissioners and the District Committees. The following is taken from what was there said before the committee by Mr. Jones.] THE intent of the makers and promoters of this bill is to subvert the constitutional rights of the people. The intent of the law-maker is the law. As, therefore, by their own words, the intent of this exemp-tion clause is to stop all effort to teach or to persuade people to keep the Sabbath instead of Sunday; as the intent of the body of the bill is to compel all to keep Sunday who do not keep the Sabbath; and as the intent of both together is to " scoop all in " and " make sure work," it follows inevitably, and my proposition is demonstated, that the promoters of this legislation do distinctly contemplate the taking away of the right to observe the Sabbath in this nation, and to allow the keeping of Sunday only. There is another consideration in this which shows that the State will be com-pelled to take official and judicial cogniz- ance of the conscientious beliefs and ob-servances of the people. It is this : When a law is enacted compelling everybody to refrain from all labor or business on Sun-day, excepting those who conscientiously believe in and observe another day, then there will be scores of men who know that in their businessŠsaloons, for in- stanceŠthey can make more money by keeping their places of business open on Sunday than on another day, because more men are idle that day. They will there-fore profess to observe another day and run their business on Sunday. This is not simply a theory, it is a fact proved by actual examples. One of the very latest I will mention. I have here a clipping from the Southern Sentinel, Dallas, Texas, February 4, 1890, which I read:Š Right here in Dallas we have an example of how the law can be evaded. Parties have leased the billiard hall of the new McLeod Hotel, and have stipulated in their lease that they are conscientious observers of the seventh day [though to the best of the common knowl-edge and belief they are not]; that, in consequence, their business house will be closed on Saturday, and will be open on Sunday. MR, GROUT.ŠIf they are known to be conscientious worshipers, and keepers of the seventh-day Sabbath, what defense would they have ? MR. JONES.ŠThe defense would still be a claim of " conscientious belief in, and  observance of, another day." The claim indeed might not be sincere. And if there were any question of it in the community, it would certainly be disputed, and the court would be called upon to decide. Thus you see that by this bill the United States courts will be driven to the contem-plation of conscientious conviction and compelled to decide upon the sincerity of conscientious beliefs and observances. And thereby it is proved that the intro-duction and advocacy of this bill is an endeavor to commit Congress and the Government of the United States to the supervision of the conscientious convic-tions of the people. Now, gentlemen, to prevent this was the very purpose of the First Amendment to the Constitution. It is well known, as I have stated, that the colonies which formed the original thirteen States had each one an established religion. When it was proposed to organize a Federal Government, the strongest influence that had to be met and overcome was jealousy of a national powerŠa fear that a national power would override the powers and in-terfere with the domestic affairs of the States. It was this that caused the adop-tion of the First Amendment to the Con-stitution. Their affairs of religion and the exercise thereof being the dearest of all, are first assured protection. Fearing that the national Government might enact laws which would restrict or prohibit the free exercise of the religion of any of the people of any of the States ; or that it might adopt or indorse some one of the religious establishments of the States, and thus form an alliance which might an-nihilate both political and religious indi-viduality; that the political individuality of the States and the religious individual-ity of the people might be free; for them-selves and their posterity the people declared that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli-gion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." It is not to be inquired whether therk, was any danger of that which they feared, they feared it and that is enough. And because they feared it, because they were so jealousŠrightly jealous tooŠof their religious rights and conscientious convic-tions, they guarded these, as they intended and suppbsed, forever, from any super-vision or cognizance whatever on the part of the national Government. And upon this I quote now more fully the words of Bancroft, to which I merely referred a little while ago :-- Vindicating the right of individuality even in reli-gion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal Government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and, not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its free-dom and purity and power.ŠHistory of the Formation of the Constitution, Book V, chapter 1. Thus, says the historian, there is by the Constitution " perfect individuality ex-tended to conscience." This individuality, these rights, are as dear to us and as sa-cred as they were to the fathers of our na-tion, yet no more so to us than to other people. Therefore, gentlemen of the com-mittee and the representatives of the peo-, pie, by your respect for the Constitution and your oath to support it, and in behalf of the sacred rights of all the people, we implore you to give no heed to any demand 