SEPTEMBER 7, 1893. A.1V11811,ICAN snNvIPIN11,. 2176 aration between things religious and things secular "Štheir identification by the in-dividual, in the internal union of Church and State, so that he is honest and clean, and good for his religion's sake, their total disconnection in civil administration, so that the State shall engage neither in the impossible task of settling what religious duties are, nor in the blasphemous folly of attempting to enforce them, as such. It is only by observing this distinction that we can understand what is meant by " religious liberty "Šthe absolute equality of all religions and of no-religion, not as between themselves, but before the law. The professional thief and a bishop con-tending for a piece of real estate stand on a plane of equality in the civil court. In deciding between them, the law neither approves nor disapproves the principles or practices of either. So, in keeping all religions on a level, it does not undertake to decide, but declines to consider, as beyond its ken, their comparative merits. This is the doctrine of Roger Williams, and the doctrine of those who are fighting the hard fight for religious equality to-day. JAS. T. RINGGOLD. Ł Sunday Legislation in Cape Colony. THE Sunday question is no less a living issue here in this Colony than in the United States. The subject of the present agita-tion is similar to that of closing the World's Fair. Strict Sunday laws already exist, but are considered insufficient to meet the growing demands of the Sunday Diana. The true SabbathŠthe seventh dayŠwas instituted by the Lord, who spoke but once, " added no more," but this once established it forever. But, Sunday, having for its foundation human laws, issued by thrones of iniquity, must have new ones continually enacted for its support. Parliament is now in session here, and is composed principally of preachers. It seemed for a while that the Sunday ques-tion would be untouched at this session, as it is near election time and the members felt timid about taking hold of the matter lest they be found on the unpopular side and hence not " come back again." But it's up, nevertheless, in the form of a bill to " prevent any future exhibitions held under the Exhibition Act from being open on Sunday." Last year an exhibi-tion was held at Kimberley, which was open by vote seven days in the week, and though as orderly on Sunday as on other days, it was considered a desecration of the day, and it is the purpose of the pres-ent bill to prevent such a thing being d,  me again. The bill was introduced into the Assem-bly by Mr. De Villiars, on July 7, and tssed to a second reading. Its introduc-tion produced a lively discussion. The following, from the Cape Town Argus, of July 8,1893, will be of interest in showing the spirit of the wicked thing:Š MR THERON, in moving the second reading of this bill, said this was a very short, but at the same time an important measure. It was highly neces-sary that the sanctity of the Sabbath should be upheld, and it was with this object he had intro-duced the bill (hear, hear). If this measure had been in existence when tie Kimberley Exhibition was in existence, there would have been no opening of the grounds or any other place on Sundays. MR. VENTER seconded the motion. MR. P. J. Du TOIT and MR. IMMELMAN strongly supported the motion. MR. O'REILLY remarked that he was as jealous of the sanctity of the Sabbath as any one, but if the resolution were passed they would be gi ing a e too far in the direction of making Sunday an  absolutely dull day, on which it would be illegal to do anything. There were thousands of people who had no opportunity for recreation except on Sundays, and to his mind the bill was frivolous and unnecessary. He moved that the bill be read a second time that day six months. CAPTAIN BRABANT seconded. MR. VINTCENT said that personally he saw no harm in having the grounds open on Sundays under proper regulations, but there was a strong feeling against the course adopted last session, and he should support the bill. He, however, hoped that the supporters of the bill would carry its principle further and strenuously prevent the granting of greater liberty for the sale of spirituous liquors on Sundays (hear, hear). MR. HUTTON intimated that he should support the bill, and the more so as he had witnessed some of the consequences of the act of last session at the recent Exhibition at Kimberley. He was there only one day, it was true, but he had been assured that very much the same amusements went on during the Exhibition on Sundays as on week-days. No sacred music was provided, as had been prom-ised, and he considered that in this case there had been a very palpable desecration of the Sabbath (cries of " Oh 1 " ). MR. DOUGLASS said that he had been in Kimber-ley for many weeks during the Exhibition, and he saw the reverse of what had been stated by the last speaker. The crowds on Sundays were orderly, and the music though not sacred in some people's opinion was at any rate calculated to lift one above the thoughts of this miserable worldŠ(hear, hear, and laughter)--Lto something higher, and the people returned to their beds with much kindlier feelings towards their fellow-men. MESSRS. WEEBER, DE VOS, and VAN WYK spoke in favor of the second reading of the bill. MR. LANGE said he should be entirely against the supporters of the bill, and he maintained that the bill of last year was carried without a division. The Kimberley Exhibition was by no means a loss, because the honorable member for Richmond and his friends did not visit it (laughter). It was never intended that money should be made by opening the Exhibition on Sundays, and, personally, he and other honorable members had very much enjoyed the Sunday concerts at the Exhibition after they had come out of church (laughter and " Shame " ). The aged member for Fort BeaufortŠ(laughter)---not having been at the Exhibition on Sundays, was incompetent to speak upon the subject, and if no one else called for a division, he (the speaker) should do so (cheers). MR. VAN DER WALT said that he intended to vote for the second reading. He had himself been at Kimberley during the Exhibition, and bad wit-nessed the desecration of the Sabbath there. MR. VAN DER VYVER also expressed himself in favor of the bill. MR. WARREN said that the object of this bill appeared to be to stop the making of money on Sunday, and, if that was so, the proper course to adopt would be to bring in a Sabbath observance bill. Why should they shut up exhibitions and not stop everything else on Sunday? The bill was ridiculous; and he could see no reason why they should deprive people of an innocent means of enjoyment. His views on religion were, broad, and he did not wish to force his religious feelings on other people, and so should vote against the bill (hear, hear). MR. INNES said the question of Sunday observ-ance was a burning one, but in discussing it they should clear their minds of cant. When the exhi-bition bill was before the house last year, it was passed, providing that the Kimberley Exhibition grounds alone should be open, and he maintained that he would rather sit in the grounds to hear the music and see the flowers than sit in his hotel and, perhaps, have a brandy and soda (laughter and hear, hear). Then it must be remembered that there was no exhibition on at present, though the general election was pending (laughter)Šbut alto-gether he could see no necessity for the bill, and should vote against it (hear, hear). MR. IVIERRIMAN admitted that this was a burning question, but thought that anything in favor of the better observance of the Sabbath was a step in the right direction. The people who were voting for the bill felt very strongly, but the people who were against the bill did not feel very strongly in the matter (loud cries of " Oh I "). They had some sort of feeling of what was called liberty (Oh !). Now, his honorable friend (Mr. Innes) had used the term hypocrite. But the honorable member, he believed, had voted for the restriction of the sale of liquor to large numbers of people [Mr. Innes: Hear, hear] and yet he did not think that he altogether shunned the cheerful glass (laughter). And this was exactly the same argument. He (Mr. Merri-man) should support the bill. MR. FULLER thought the honorable member for Namaqualand was inconsist'nt in that he would shut up the Exhibition grounds and yet let the  trains run (laughter). Why, would the honorable member shut up the fields and footpaths ? Now, what was the usual Sunday occupation of most persons, even of godly persons, like the honorable member for Namaqualand ? (laughter). He prob-ably went for a stroll up the mountain with his dog, which, as a fact, he (Mr. Fuller) had seen him doing and been quite pleased that he had been enjoying himself (renewed laughter). Really it appeared as if the cocoa nuts were growing on the other side of the House (laughter). The bill was bad statesmanship and politics and worse theology, and its principle had not a scintilla of support in the Scripture. MR. KRIGE said he would vote for the second reading, as six days were quite enough for work and recreation. Surely people could spare one day out of seven. The bill was to prevent the making of money on Sundays. CAPTAIN BRABANT had listened with a consider-able amount of surprise to the speech of the hon-orable member for Namaqualand, when he remem-bered the strong stand he took up in regard to Sunday trains (hear, hear, and laughter). He for one did not think that the best way to heaven was to make a hell of the earth, and he was not opposed to people enjoying reasonable recreation on Sun-days. He should vote against the bill. MR. RHODES said last year he voted for the opening of the grounds of the Kimberley Exhibi-tion, but the principle of this bill was different. The opening of exhibitions was practically abol-ished in the British Empire, and it would not be wise to follow the example of France. Last year the grounds were thrown open at Kimberley because of the number of workmen who could not attend on week-days. He would vote for the secon d reading, but hoped that some honorable member would move that the words "or the grounds" be struck out. He hoped he would not be placed in the category of hypocrites, but if he was he would be in the excellent company of the honorable mem-ber for Namaqualand. COLONEL SCHERMBRUCKER inquired if the hon-orable member (Mr. Theron) would accept an amendment when the bill was in committee to the effect thatŠ MR. THERON:ŠWe are not in committee. COLONEL SCHERMBRUCKER : Oh, well then, if that is the case, we had better settle the question at once by not going into committee (hear, hear). He himself had been at Kimberley during the Exhibition, and had seen no desecration of the Sab-bath ; he should vote against the second reading. MR. HAY said he should vote against the second reading in order to see whether the whole of the exhibition bill could not be done away with. He understood last year that when Mr. Logan entered into the contract to supply the liquor it was found he had not got a license. A clause was introduced to give him a license, and then several clauses were tacked on in order to give the bill a respectable appearance. The Sunday question is one the world over. All sorts of arguments (?) are used to justify laws in its favor, but after all is said, the real and indeed the only reason for Sunday legislation is the supposed sacred character of the day. GEO. B. THOMPSON. Cape Town, July 10. - The Latest "Christian Government." THE following trivial occurrence goes to show that the representatives of the United States Government are doing what they can to bring to the notice of the world the " American Sabbath," and to show that their Government is indeed re- ligious. On Sunday the U. S. cruiser Chicago entered Cowes without saluting, although the Queen of England, the Emperor of Germany, and other royalty were in the harbor. This breach of national etiquette was criticised by the press, and in answer Captain Mahan said :Š We never salute on Sunday unless not to do so would be to give offense. We do not salute on Sunday at home, and the reason we did not do so here was that we considered England a Sabbatarian country. Thus the kings of the earth have to bow to the majesty of the " American Sab- bath." FRANCIS HOPE. Belfast. 