292 . AMERICAN SENTINEL. Frances Willard's Last Saying. BY FANNIE BOLTON. WHEN on a dying bed our loved lay low With faintly beating heart and brow of snow, That heart that loved the world in all its woe Filled with a tide of love's own overflow, That brow whose circle spanned the thought of man, Was all engrossed with love's redemption plan, And rising on her couch of death, love's power Sustained her for a long exhorting hour, In which she urged the world's need be sufficed, Its hunger stayed by Christ and only Christ. Had she not known of science? Seen with awe 'The working of God's unremitting law 'In star and flower? Aye. Had she not Compassed the economics with her thought? 'Pleaded the arm of state should stern withhold 'The weak from sorrow at the hands of bold? Iliad she not planned to thwart heredity That brought to man an evil destiny? Been philanthropic to the utmost stint, And fed and clothed the poor from liberal mint? Preached measures of reform for field and city, And whelmed all nations in our woman's pity? °Yet when the rustle of all plans were still, She saw the cross alone on Calvary's hill, And stood with one, the Man of love in tryst, And said with her last breath, "Preach Christ, preach Christ." Felt she the world's need less at last, that she Should urge one plan alone with urgency? Ah no. Her soul with love more strong than death Held for the world the service of her breath, To tell the standard bearers mid all loss "To raise aloft the banner of the cross, And rally men beneath Emanuel's sway. 'With eyes more clear to the great need to-day With heaven's Holy Ghost to show love's plan She bade with urgency to speak to man .,Of that one Fulness that for all sufficed; To preach to souls the power of God in Christ. This was Paul's message, and he would naught know Save Christ, Christ crucified mid men below. "Not I, but Christ," he said, "and yet I live The life of Christ through my dead self to give," As one raised out of time, and for such soul There'll be a crown of life, a well-won goal. This message that for souls like these sufficed, Surely shall do for us. "Preach Christ, preach Christ." We've laid her mid the lilies as 'tis meet. She breathed the fragrance of the lily sweet. We've planted roses o'er her grave. E'en so She breathed the rose's perfume here below, And in her dying hour saw only Him Who dwells in love amid the cherubim, The altogether lovely,ŠHe who came To save men by the power of His name. In Him for life and death she was sufficed. let us heed, and preach to men but Christ. Battle Creek, Mich. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. HE looked at me a moment as though my proposi-tion was the raving of an insane woman, unworthy of even contempt; and then turned to close the interview, but I said:Š "No, you must listen to me. You called me in and threw down the challenge, so I must be heard. You men insist upon the necessity of this business, and you know, every man among you, that the saloon could not live on much longer if our pure, clean, sweet little boys should not learn some time to drink rum, and start into the awful procession of drunkards. You will have the sa-loon; you will not devise any plan to run it bymachinery; you will have our boys; you catch them, or what is just the same, you license the saloon to do it. It lies in wait for them as they are growing up, and as soon as one gets a little taller than his mother, and that doesn't take long for he grows so fast, you catch him and throw him into your mill, and grind him up into devil's meat, and still you expect the mother to sit quietly at home and sing to the younger boys, and teach them the principles of truth and purity until they grow big enough for you, and then you catch them and grind them up, for the sake of reve-nue, and still demand that the mother must stay behind her closed doors and sing on, and pray on, and believe on, and be as gentle and saintly as though nothing had happened. No, sir; Satan has over reached himself; the mothers of this country are awake' at last, and I assure you that they will never go back into the old quiet life as long as a saloon, and a law protecting it, exists in this nation." He had become flushed with anger, as, I suppose I was myself; and as soon as he could find a chance to put in a word he exclaimed : "Well, what are we to do? When we men, who are supposed to know something about public affairs, have done the very best we know how to do, if you women are not satisfied, what are you going to do about it, any-how?" This question came to me with the force of a stunning blow. What could we do? We had done.everything that we knew how to do, and still the saloon was here. Might it not be possible that "the men" had tried just as hard as we had, and had as honestly failed? What was the trouble? We had prayed to God, and to every class of men who seemed to have any sort of relations to the sa-loon, or to the laws under which it existed; and the only results so far as yet appeared were of a nature to arouse the gravest anxieties. We were helpless indeed; and as for myself, I was at that moment more nearly hopeless and faithless than at any other time in my life. I thought of my children with a sense of despair that could not be expressed in words. 