JULY 4, 1895. AMIEJLCICA_N-  S3EN-PriN1Er.,. 215 factor in the conception of proper observance of this day. Christians are indeed rebuked for allowing their business to keep them away from the services; but not Sunday work itself but the overestimation of worldly work and indifference therein shown to God's Word and services, is pronounced as a grievous sin. Even as late as the fourth century, when writers warn against the celebration of the (Jewish) Sabbath by abstaining from work, a similar demand is not made as conditional for Ł the Sunday. . . . " We see that this original conception of Sunday observance departs widely from that idea which zealous friends of Sunday observ-ance are apt to emphasize in our day. It has not been my purpose to present a theory of the. Sunday or to oppose false ideas. But his-tory is a great teacher, and by repeating what she teaches, erroneous views of themselves fall to the ground." Hence it would seem that Sunday, as has always been contended by the Jewish author-ities and the Adventists and the like, is not a divine institution, but one merely established byman. . . . Ł RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. AN ATTRACTIVE BOOK. ONE of the most interesting and attractive books of travel which has come under our notice is "By Land and Sea Through Five Continents." It is pub-lished by the International Tract Society, but is not a religious book, though its author, G. C. Tenney, a min-ister of the gospel, has interwoven with his entertain-ing descriptions of foreign life and character, many important moral and religious truths. To the author's vivid word-pictures the publishers have added 144 beautiful illustrations, which, together with beautiful ,binding, make the book very attractive. It is sold by subscription, and will doubtless be popular with agents as it will certainly sell well. For particulars and terms to agents, address, International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. FACTS : FOR : THE : TIMES, CONTAINING Historical Extracts, Candid Admissions front Authors, ancient and modern, on the live questions of the present hour, political and religious. A BOOK FOB THE TIMES, A compilation of facts that are astounding, by Students of Biblical and Historical Research. 340 pages. Wine-colored cloth binding. PRICE, Post-paid, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. g- BIBLES We have on hand GENUINE OXFORD TEACHERS' BIBLES bound in Fine Brown Levant Morocco, Divinity Circuit, Calf Lined, Silk Sewed, Round Coe-- Corners, Gold Edges, Size 5 x 75 inches. Specimen of type. DEUTERONOMY, XL to obedience. [From the Lafayette (La.) Gazette, June 8.] A FEw days ago that broad-minded journal, the Times-Democrat, commented upon a fresh case of religious persecution reported from Monroe Comity, Miss. With a few more pa-pers like the T.-D., religious fanaticism and puritanism would soon be at a discount in this country. It never misses an opportunity to speak words of condemnation of the fanatic's work, thereby calling the attention of fair-Minded people to the outrages which are com-mitted in the sacred names of religion and of law. The following is the special which called forth the timely editorial from the Times-Democrat:- ApERDEEN, Miss., May 29.-Mr. R. T. Nash, a Sev-enth-day Adventist, was yesterday arraigned in Justice Rye's court, at Amory, in this (Monroe) county, on the charge of working in his field on Sunday. Nash pleaded guilty, and undertook the management of his own case, using the Bible for his law book. He keeps Saturday as religiously as a priest keeps Sunday. The case was continued until the second Saturday in . The Mississippi statute bearing upon the subject, in Section 1291, provides that " Any one who shall labor on the Sabbath day at any other than household du-ties,, works of necessity or charity, or on railroads or steamboats, shall, on conviction, be fined not more than $20 for every such offense. By working in his field on Sunday, R. T. Nash has invited the deadly enmity of a few sanctimonious fools who have a peculiar style of serving the Lord. It will hardly meet with the approval of sensible people who are Chris-tians at heart as well as in name. If the Sev-enth-day Adventists choose to keep Saturday as the Sabbath and do their farm work on Sunday, in what way do they interfere with the rights of the other creeds? Things have reached a pretty pass when a man cannot hoe his corn or plant peanuts on Sunday without being dragged before the courts as a common criminal by a lot of religious cranks. We do not know any of the people who are persecuting the Seventh-day Adventists in Mississippi, but we will venture to say that they have not half as much religion as the vic-tims of their hell-born hatred. The man who persecutes his neighbor on account of religion is more dangerous than the anarchist. The latter is an open enemy to society and is an outlaw, while the former pretends to be a meek follower of Christ when in reality he is an em-issary of the devil. An exhortation Before CHRIST 14.51. a ch. 15.12. A 30.16.20. 7,7.ech. 3.7. o CS. 8.5. d ch. 5. 24. eh. 7. 19. y Ps. 78.12, 6 135. 9. OAKLAND, CAL. F. S. MORDAUNT, CENERAL NORTHERN AGENT, AUGUSTA SOUTHERN R. R. CAROLINA MIDLAND R. R. 225 DEARBORN ST. CHICAGO ILL THEREFORE thou shalt clove the Loan thy God, and bleep his charge, and his statutes, and his judg-ments, and his commandments, alway. 2 And know ye this day : for I sneak not with your children which have not known, and which have not seen a the chastisement of the Loan your God, et his greatness, e his mighty hand, and. his stretched out arm, 3 /And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt 14 to And I will 2send. grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full. 16 Take heed. to yourselves, a that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and a serve other gods, and wor-ship them ; 17 Anti then 14110 TIMM'S wrath be kindled against you, and he e shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest aye perish quickly from. off the t Lev. 26.4. ch. 25. 12. n Joel 2.23. Jam. 5. 7. PS. 104. 14. 2 Heb.give. y oh. 6. 11. Joel 2. 19. s ch. 29.18. Job 31.27. n ch. 8. 19, 30. 17. ch. 6. 15, el Kin. 3. 35. 2 Chr. O. 26.5 7, 13, d et. 4. 26. Botoro CHRIST 1451. KANSAS CTlY, MO. WALTER M. JACKSON, COMMISSIONER OF IMMIGRATION, AUGUSTA GA. CI1APTER XI. 14 That tI will give you the rain of t it. 'Aorta! ton to alp.diener, 2 /heir OM MICH- your land in his due season, u the first Baer food's gent rks, say promite of Gord's rain and the latter rain, that thou fps wo ./ blessinqs, 16 an4 by threoloogs. 18 A careful study is reinirod mordti,. 24 The blessing 1116.yeSt gather in thy corn, and thy co t curse iS Get before dim, wine, and thine oil. WE WILL mami. THE NRIE OF PINY PERSON designated by the pur-chaser upon the outside or inside of the collet., IN GOLD LETTERS, if it is desired, WITHOUT EXTIql CRIHGE, and send post-paid for only $5.85. Iddress, PACIFIC PIZE$$,, 43 Bond St., 1'Te1.4T York. FREE RAILROAD FARE To - Bona - Fide - Home-Seekers - and - Locators. FIEE MOVING theof    alltime  your o u  reHouseholdachth e  LEffects,ineo  of the Implements, Live Stock, etc., from AUGUSTA SOUTHERN R. R., in Georgia, THE CAROLINA MIDLAND R. R., in South Carolina. The Very Best Fruit, Garden and Farm Lands, Prices and Terms to suit-Climate Unsurpassed. VERY LITTLE CAPITAL REQUI RED. For all particulars, printed matter, etc., call or write to 