6410111 1Ioll1111\ , 1 11100 f.bllgpu  m rut.omm 'Jr as Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 17, 1891. NUMBER 49. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., New YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. A LEGAL creed can only create an irre-ligious people. The union of civil law and ecclesiasticism has never been and never will be anything else than an "alli-ance of fraud and force to degrade the nations, a compact of the priest and the potentate to crush the rights of conscience ; a combination of regal and prelatic tyr-anny to repress true religion." WE object to Sunday laws not because they require the observance of that par-ticular day but because of the principle involved. Sunday laws are wrong, they work hardship and injustice, they tend to destroy free heart service to God, thus making hypocrites. Disguise their mo-tives as they may by pleas for a rest day for the laboring man, the fact remains that the great majority of those who de-sire such laws make the demand because they regard Sunday as a sacred day. Therefore the passage of a Sunday law is State interference in religious matters, and involves the judicial decision of re-ligious questions. It follows that by en-acting such laws the State usurps a pre-rogative of God. THE Very Rev. Dr. Thomas O'Gorman, of the Catholic University, writing from France, to the Catholic Review, of the miraculous cures claimed to be performed at Lourdes, says : "God hath made the na-tions healable, says Holy Writ; and truly if the French clergy and people become one in politics as well as religion, France shall be healed and once more lead in the van of civilization." This political alliance of the clergy with the people is, of course, the natural desire of every loyal Roman Catholic. But these, utterances are very familiar to us from other lips than those from which they are naturally to be expected. In this one sentence is expressed the two distinctive features of the platform of the "National Reform" party, which did not originate in a Roman Catholic country nor from a source which would wish to ac-knowledge itself even tinctured with Ro-man Catholicism. Yet, the acceptanceof the religious fiction of the personal respon-sibility of the Nation to God, as a, corpo-rate body, and the oneness of clergy and people, Church and State, in politics as in religion; are the distinguishing marks of the Roman Catholic and the National Re-former alike. This is a sufficiently broad foundation upon which to establish Church unity, and upon this it will be built, but when finished the structure will be papal. The Logic of Judge Hammond's Position. IN an unofficial communication of later date than his dictum, in the King case, Judge Hammond has gone over the same ground again, and has made some addi-tional statements which are of interest as well as of importance in connection with the statements which we have already noticed from the dictum. After reiterating one of the main prop-ositions of the dictumŠthat " the insti-tution of Sunday, like the religion upon which it is founded, belongs to the people as a characteristic possession," that there-fore religion is essentially a part of the laws, and its preservation as such " a necessity of statesmanship "Š he makes the following important admission The logic of this position may lead to a union of Church and State, undoubtedly; but it is not essen-tial nor always useful, indeed often otherwise, to go to the end of one's logic. In the review of the dictum of Judge Hammond we have demonstrated again and again by his propositions, that a union of  Church and State is logically inherent in the positions assumed throughout that doc-ument. It is well therefore for our readers to know that he sees and acknowledges the same thing himself. And from this it is perfectly proper, as well as logical, to in-quire, Is it the province of a judge of a United States Court to inculcate from his official seat the doctrine of a union of Church and State in these United States ? At his induction into that responsible office he took a solemn oath to support the Constitution of the United States, which, both in its principles and its specific precepts, is diametrically opposed to a union of Church and State and to every position the logic of which would lead to a union of Church and State. His plea, that it is not essential to go to the end of one's logic, is as, puerile as is his other position that government may prohibit a thing harmless in itself to pre-vent " breach of the peace." It is a piti-able thing indeed when a person insists upon maintaining a position, the logic of which he is unwilling to follow to its le-gitimate end. But this is not all there is in this case. It would be bad enough were this so only with him as an individ-ual. But this is not so. He occupies the place of a judge of the United States, a representative of the judicial department of the Government of the United States. As such he has spoken; as such he has taken this position; and as such he has given to the position, as far as in him lay, the weight of the authority of the high office which he holds. And just as cer-tainly as the position which he has taken, should be confirmed by the higher court as the position of the Government, just so certainly it would be entirely and forever beyond his power either to check or to con-trol the logic of it in any way; and just so certainly would the religious element that is enlisted and favored in this thing, see that the logic of the position was carried fully, to the end which even he sees and acknowledges is involved in it. The truth is that government is one of the most in-tensely logical things in this world. A 