254 THE A.M.ERIGAN SENTINEL. RELIGIOUS 1111rETS4SOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society.. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit- ting to its authority. - We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 4.3 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. History of the Tennessee Sunday Law. LAST week, we printed in this column an extract from the brief of Col. T. E. Richardson, showing that the Tennessee Sunday law is a relic of the Colonial period when Church and State were united. We herewith print another chapter of history from the same source, as follows :Š In 1796, a Constitution of the State of Tennessee was adopted, and as a part of the Constitution, there was appended a Bill of Rights, the third section of which reads as follows That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or maintain any ministry against his consent; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall be given, by law, to any religious establishments or modes of worship. Art. XI, Sec. 3, Constitution, 1796. By Section 4, Article X, of that Con-stitution, the Declaration of Rights is declared a part of the Constitution, and shall never be violated, on any pretense whatsoever ; that the rights contained therein, and every other right not dele-gated, is excepted out of the general powers of government, and shall remain forever inviolate. In the Constitution of 1834, Section 3, of the Bill of Rights, is the same pro-vision as heretofore stated, and in Article XI, Section 12, it is affirmed, ." And to guard against the transgression of the high powers, we have delegated, we de-clare, that everything in the Bill of Rights contained, is excepted out of the general powers of government, and shall forever remain inviolate." In the Constitution of 1870, the third section of the Bill of Rights is the same as that of 1796, and 1834. And Section 16, of Article XI, contains  the declaration that everything in the Bill of Rights contained, is excepted out of the general powers of government, and shall forever remain inviolate. It will also be seen, Article XI, Section 15, of the Constitution of 1870, declares, " No person shall in time of peace be required to perform any service for the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest." Thus, it will be seen that the framers of the Constitution have ever been jealous of any attempt to interfere with the rights of conscience, or the domination of any church or religious sect. In,recent years, efforts have been made to revive and enforce the law of 1803, and by judicial legislation, the offense enacted by that act has been declared a nuisance at common law, In Parker vs. the State, it is said The statute makes it unlawful for any one of the enumerated classes to follow his ordinary sec-ular avocation on the Sabbath day, because it is immoral and is of pernicious effect, and though it may be conceded a single offense may be liable only to the penalty prescribed by statute, yet a succession of such acts becomes a nuisance, and is indictable. The Court will observe that the title of the act is, ." More Effectually to Prevent the Profanation of the Lord's Day," that the purpose is a religious one, and that nowhere are the acts forbidden declared immoral. Ł With all respect for the distinguished Judge, who delivered that opinion, we insist that it is in violation of the Con-stitution, that it is a repudiation of the spirit of the declaration contained in the Bill of Rights, and is unsupported by reason or authority. Why is the act com-plained of declared to be immoral and unlawful ? Why is a succession of such acts declared to be a nuisance and indict-able ? Because they have been done on Sunday. Then it must be because it is repugnant to the religious views of the community. If it is a nuisance, why is it not such on Monday or Saturday, as well as on Sunday ? The answer is, be- , cause the work is done on Sunday. If it is an offense because done on Sunday, then the law, declaring such acts to be illegal and immoral, is a religious law, enacted for the purpose of favoring some religion. If that be so, then the law is in violation of the Constitution. The case of Parker vs. the State, refers to Gunter vs. the Ł State, 1 Lea, 129, as authority. That case was an indictment for violating the Sabbath, by hunting and shooting through the woods and fields with guns, pistols, etc., to the manifest corruption of the public morals, and com-mon nuisance of all good citizens. The opinion in Gunter vs. the State, was de-livered by the same learned Judge who delivered the opinion in the case of Parker vs. the State. In support of the position taken in Gunter vs. the State, he refers to 3 Sneed,  134; 3 Heiskel, 135; 1 Swan, 42, and Bishop's "Criminal Law." Upon examina-tion of the text referred to in Mr. Bishop's work, it will be seen that he lays down the rule to be, that it is an offense un-necessarily to perform secular labor upon Sunday, in such a way "as to disturb the worship of others." The case of Bell vs. the State, was an indictment for using obscene language in public, and in the hearing of divers persons. This would be an offense on one day as well as an-other. According to the learned Judge who delivered that opinion, the offense was the same whether committed upon Wednes-day or Sunday, and can therefore be no authority for the opinion in Gunter vs. the State. We insist, however, that -it is doubtful whether the opinion in Bell vs. the State can be reconciled, with the prin-ciples set forth in the Bill of Rights. That opinion is based upon the laws and authority laid down in Blackstone's Com-mentaries. That distinguished and en-lightened author holds that Christianity is a part of the law of the land. However true that may be in England, where the Church is part of the State, such is not the law of Tennessee, or in any of the States of the Union. The Government, State or Federal, can in no sense be said to be founded or based upon Christianity. No preference can be given to' any relig-ion. All religions are alike protected. The followers of Mahomet, the disciples of Confucius, the believers in Buddha, as well as the worshipers of the true and liv-ing God, are entitled to like protection, and are secured in the enjoyment of the same rights. In this State, in this Nation, there is no such thing as " religious toleration." Every man enjoys the same right of con-science, and is responsible to no earthly tribunal for his religious faith and wor-ship. The assumption, therefore, that Christianity is a part of the law of the land, is inconsistent with the spirit of our institutions, as well as in violation of the reserved, accepted, and inalienable rights of the people. So, too, upon examination it will be found that the cases referred to, 3 Sneed, 134; 3 Heiskel, 135; 10 Yerger, do not support the positions assumed in Gunter vs. the State, and Parker vs. the State. THE Law and Order League, of Long Branch, has given notice to the Board of Commissioners, that the Board and the po-lice will be held responsible for any fur-ther violations of the Sunday statutes. The present Board of Commissioners was elected under a pledge to enforce strict Sunday. closing. In fulfillment of this pledge, and spurred on by the injunctions of the Law and Order League, notices have been posted, that all places which supply the wants of Sunday visitors must be closed during Sunday. C. ELDRIDGE, W; H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 