vmumemm. Bqual and SxactJuBtiee to all Men, of Whatever state or Per5ua3ion, religious or PoliticalŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JULY 21, 1892. NUMBER 28. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY TECH PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bono ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - Ł - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. LET none misunderstand the position of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL; it is that while men have been, and still are, required to yield something to the majority in mat-ters of religion, yet no such requirement ever has been, or ever can be, just. Re-ligious belief is a matter which properly rests solely with the individual. Reli-gion pertains to man's relationship to God, and is the man's personal relationship of faith and obedience, of belief and observ-ance, toward God. Every man has there-fore the personal, individual, and inalien-able right to believe for himself in reli-gious things. -o-- AND this right of the individual to be-lieve for himself in religious things, car-ries with it the same personal, individual and inalienable right to dissent from any and every other phase of religious belief that is held by anybody on earth. This right is recognized and declared by Jesus Christ, not only in the words in which he has commanded every man to render to God that which is God's, while rendering to Caesar that which is Cnsar's, but like-wise in the following words : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not, for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that re-jecteth me and receiveth hot my words, hath one that judgeth him. The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." Š0-- THE word which Christ spoke was the word of God. The one who is to judge, therefore, is God; and in the last day he will judge every man for the way in which  he has acted. To this judgment the Lord Jesus refers every man who refuses to be-lieve and rejects his words. If any man hears Christ's words and believes not, but rejects him and his words, Christ con-demns him not, judges him not; but leaves him to the Judge of all, who will render to every man according to his deeds, in the last day. In these words, the Author of Chris-tianity, the Saviour of the world, has clearly recognized and declared the right of every man to dissent from every reli-gion known to mankind; and even the re-ligion of Christ itself, being responsible only to God for the exercise of that right. He wants every man to believe and be saved; but he will compel none. Christ leaves every man free to receive or reject, to assent or dissent, to believe or disbe-lieve, just as he chooses; his responsibil-ity is to God alone, and it is the individ-ual who must answer for himself in the last day. " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 14:12. Š0Š WHOEVER therefore presumes to exer-cise jurisdiction over the religious belief or observances of any-man, or would com-pel any man to conform to the precepts of any religion, or to comply with the cere-monies of any religious body, or would condemn any man for not believing or complyingŠwhoever would presume to do any such thing, puts himself above Jesus Christ, and usurps the place and prerogative of God, the Judge of all. SUCH is the doctrine of the free exer-cise of religion, as announced by Jesus Christ himself. And such is the doctrine upon this point that will ever be held by every one who respects that glorious Being. Thus is declared and established by the Author of all true religion, the inalien-able, the divine, right of dissent. And such is the divine right of the freedom of religious belief. NOR is th.is all this ponnection. The  founders of the Government of the United States recognized this divine right as such, and established the exercise of it as an inalienable civil right, " by refus-ing to treat faith as a matter of govern-ment, or as having a headship in a mon-arch or a State; " by excluding all reli-gious tests; and by forbidding Congress ever to make " any law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In short, by pro-hibiting the law-making power from mak-ing any law whatever upon the subject of religion. -0- THE people of Tennessee following this example of the makers of the national Government, established in that State that divine right, as also an inalienable civil right, by declaring in the Constitution of the State that "no human power can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and no pref-erence shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of wor-ship." But the courts of the State have nullified that provision and declare that by the laws of that State the conscientious observer of the seventh day is a nuisance if he quietly labors on Sunday, and thus outrages the religious feeling or prejudice of his neighbors. -0- REFERRING to the movement to secure governmental recognition of religion in this country, the Independent Patriot says: " As American citizens we may be as-sured that vigilance is still the price of liberty. Our efforts can not be relaxed, our beacon fires can not be extinguished; we can not move one iota from the origi-nal foundation of religious liberty and the most complete separation of Church and State, if we would preserve our free-dom. Some are superficial and short sighted enough to suppose that if re-ligion could be introduced into our public schools by the reading and teaching of the Bible therein, something would be done for the spread and establishment of truth; 