390 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Would any or all the powers undertake the measure against the mosques? Nay, verily. Behind the mosques stand not only the grades clothed with priestly functions, but dependents of many classes from those engaged in mosque service to common laborers, aggregating not less than one third of the whole population. The Turkigh government is theocratic, the Sultan being the Caliph or spiritual head of the church. Any attempt to impose a tax on church property or confiscate any part of it, es-pecially if made by Christian powers, would be regarded as sacrilege committed by the infidels and would be re-sisted by all good Mussulmans with the same reckless bravery the Jews displayed against Antiocbus Epiphanes, when that monarch sacrificed a swine in the Holy of Ho-lies at Jerusalem. The Jehad, a holy war, would be de-clared. When that flag should be unfurled at Mecca it would rally 150,000,000 Moslems, outside of European Turkey, to its support. England would have a more fearful insurrection on her hands in India than she has ever met. Is such a contingency to be lightly re--ourded ? "And yet, without the confiscation, total or partial, .of the mosque property, no foreign power could raise a -revenue from Turkey sufficient for the support of its gov-ernment and the payment of the interest on its bonded -debt. But as confiscation is practically impossible, no -Foreign power is willing to assume the administration of Turkish affairs." Religion Not the Basis of Citil Government. BY A. G. DANIELLS. IN setting forth the principles that would guide him if he were sent to the Federal Convention, Cardinal Moran said that he would wish to have the preamble to the Fed - eral Constitution declare that:Š "Religion is the basis if, our Australian Common.. -wealth, and of its laws." In other words, and in plain English, Cardinal Moran would work in the convention to secure the union of Church and State in Australia. That this is the meaning of his words can easily be sh own. He would make religion the basis of the government. The basis of a thing is its foundation, that on which the thine,  rests. The connection between the basis of a thing and the thing itself is inseparable. Therefore, if religion be made the basis of ourgovern_ meat, religion and the goveornment will be united. The government will be a religious government, because it is founded on religion. That will be a union of religion and the State. But a union of religion and the State means a union of Church and State. For religion implies a church. It is the basis of theschurch-i, They are inseparably con-nected. The one great object of the church is the promo-tion of religion. Where ore is found there will the other be found also. It -is perfectly plain, therefore, that to make religion the basis of government is to unite Church and State. To unite Church and State in every land has been the resolute policy of the church of Rome during its whole history. And to effect this union in Australia is the ob-ject the cardinal would have in making the preamble to the constitution declare that religion is the basis of our government and of its laws. Melbourne, Australia. A LONDON journal announces that the pope has stated that his letter to Queen Victoria on the occa-sion of the Jubilee "will be written in very affectionate and sympathetic terms." A special envoy will represent "his holiness" at the celebration. The " United Sentinels of America." A LEAFLET has been sent us setting forth the follow-ing principles as being the foundation of an organization which takes the name of " The United Sentinels of Amer-ica ", with headquarters in Washington, D. C.:Š "1. We declare against any union of Church and State. "2. We declare against any division of the public school fund. "3. We declare against any State, municipal or na-tional appropriation of the public moneys for any eccle-siastical institution or school. "4. We hectare war of extermination against the sa-loon, allowing each man to oppose it in his own way; but we do not obligate any one to any political party. No saloon-keeper can be a member. "5 We declare against all persons for public office who owe any supreme allegiance to any foreign ruler, secular or spiritual. " 6. We declare in favor of governmental protection and fostering care of the public schools and other insti-tutions of learning. " 7. We declare in favor of more restricted immigra-tion and naturalization laws. "8. We declare in favor of, protection and purity of the ballot box. "9. We declare in favor of an equal governmental taxation of all property. "10. We declare in favor of legal public inspection of all public or private institutions,, to determine whether any persons are held in duress for penance and punish-ment under color of law. "11. We hold and declare that the laws of the gov-ernment are supreme in all temporal matters. "12. We hold and declare that the Holy Bible is the fountain source of supreme law of Christian nations, and that all our principles shall be in accord with it." In regard to these principles, it need simply be said that the last one of them totally contradicts the first- They "declare against any union of Church and State;" but believe in a "Christian nation" which cannot possi-bly avoid the embodiment of such a union. For that which is "Christian" embraces all that pertains to the Church; and as a nation must embody the State, a 