"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT. I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 42. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 22, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-OlEce.  american Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. arTor Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. "NATIONAL REFORM" AGAINST ITSELF. THE official organ of "national reform" in the United States, the Christian Statesman, publishes in its issue of October 3, 1896, a forcible exposition of Romanism, as "logically an intolerant and persecuting system." In doing this it seems not to be aware that it publishes a condemnation of the very system for which it stands, and which it is endeavor-ing by every means at its command to elevate to a position of preeminence in the policy of State and national government. For nothing is more certain than that "national reform" is in principle identical with the papal system, though advocated by men who are hostile to that system as repre-sented by the papal church. It matters not that the system goes by an-other name among its advocates outside of that church. A difference of name counts for nothing when the results produced are the same. The victim of religious persecu-tion finds no mitigation of suffering in the fact that his persecutors are known as Prot-estants and not as papists, or that the system invoked against him takes the name "national reform" in professed' distinction from Ro-manism. The papacy is a system which puts man in the place of God. Any system which does this is identical with the papacy, no matter by what name it may be known. The Roman Catholic papacy puts the bishop of RomeŠthe popeŠin the place of God. The American "national reform" papacy aims to put certain "Protestant" church lead-ers in the place of God. In either case man is elevated to the place of deity, "so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God," the church. The pope of Rome speaks to men his own words, commanding all to obey his decisions made, "ex cathedra," as being of divine au-thority. The "national reform" papacy would bind all men not by its own words spoken "ex-cathedra," but by its interpreta- lion of God's words. Obedience thus de-'manded is not one whit less obedience to a man in the place of God, than is that which Catholics give to the pope. The pope of Rome admits that the fourth commandment enjoins the observance of the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, but affirms that "the church" has by divine right changed the Sabbath to the first day, so that the latter is now binding upon men as the weekly day of rest. The "national reform" composite "Protestant" pope declares that men are bound by the fourth commandment in the matter of Sabbath observance, but interprets that commandment as applying to the first day of the week instead of the seventh. National Reformers do not claim infallibil-ity for their1own independent word, but only for their interpretations of God's word! But a claim to infallibility in the interpretation of the divine word is as truly popery as is the papal claim of infallibility for utterances made "ex-cathedra." It is even a greater claim, if possible, than the latter, since the Pope of Rome does not claim infallibility in ordinary discourse concerning Scripture teaching, but only for those occasions when he sheaks from the "chair of Peter" expound-ing a question "of faith and morals" for the guidance of the church. The only infallible interpreter of the divine Word is the Holy Spirit, declared by the Saviour to be the guide "into all truth." No person therefore can come into the poi-session of any spiritual truth, except by the Spirit's guidance. And hence to claim in-fallibility as an interpreter of spiritual truth is as truly an assumption of a divine prerog-ative as is any claim which presumptions man has ever made. Spiritual truths must be spiritually dis-cerned. It is only in this sense and for this reason that the Word of God needs interpre-tation, and not, as many seem to think, because its Author has purposely made his thoughts obscure. It is the inalienable right of every individ-ual to read and believe the Word of God for himself, and to act upon that belief, inde-pendently of every other individual on earth. And from the Christian standpoint, it is the duty of every individual to believe for him-self the words spoken by inspiration, since each  person must have faith for himself, and car have it for himself alone. In this he must of course, seek the guidance of the Holy  Spirit, remembering that spiritual truths, how ever plainly stated, are but foolishness to th natural or carnal mind. The National Reform party and the vas host of "Christian Endeavor" and "Chris-tian Citizenship" unions who have espoused the principles of that party, are seeking tc establish the compulsory observance of Sun day as the Christian sabbath. They are tc dema,nd legislation to this end from Congress  and the State legislatures. Thus they wil'  seek to enforce upon all their interpretation of the command of God. And as the inter-pretation and enforcement of religious truth and obligation belong to God alone, they wil put man in the place of God if their effort succeeds. And as before stated, any system which puts man in the place of God is the papacy, no matter what other name may be given it. This effort will result in the persecution of those who refuse to be governed in moral  conduct by this human interpretation of the divine will, just as there was persecution in former times to those who refused to be gov-erned in moral conduct by the fiat of papal prelates. Persecution is the logical and in-evitable result of the system which puts man in the place of God, and it matters not a particle to the victims of that system whether the man or body of men thus wickedly ex-alted take the name "Protestant" or Roman Catholic. The pains and penalties of the "law" which will be invoked against dis-senters will be exactly the same in either case. Well does the Statesman say of the papal system.: " A system that exalts man into the place of God's law; that makes a sinful man lord of the conscience; that takes upon itself in its assumed authority to change laws of God's appointment, and lower for itself and others the standard of morality, may be expected, by every means on which it can lay hold, to force conformity to its own decisions, and to sacrifice on the idol altar of its unholy and blasphemous ambition the civil and religious liberties of our race." This, then, is just what may be expected of the system which aims to compel men by law to observe the first day of the week as the Christian sab- bath. s. EDITOR, ASST. EDITOR, C. P. BOLLMAN. L. A. SMITH. 