Al\i'MtZTCAN SN'T/NrL. 45 the main issue while such declarations in favor of religious legislation are found in our party platforms as have recently been made. HAROLD STEARNS, M.D. Idaho Springs, Col. A Sample of Those "Rebuffs." JANUARY 20 and 21, there was a Na-tional Reform convention held in Cincin- nati. Rev. J. M. Foster,,district secretary of the. National Reform.  Association, had the principal part in getting up the con- vention. While they were working up the matter, Mr. Foster and Mr. Francis Ferry, "an esteemed elder of the 'Presby- terian Church," visited Archbishop Elder for,the purpose of having him unite with them in the convention. Mr. Foster says, " The Archbishop received us very cor-dially, and was the soul of courtsy." After the Archbish.op had received them so very cordially and so courteously, the following interesting dialogue occurred ;Š Mr. FosterŠ" We have called to ask you if you would be willing to participate in the coming Chris-tian convention." - The ArchbishopŠ" You know we Catholics are very exclusive." Mr. FosterŠ" The Baltimore Council advised co-operation in Sabbath Reform movements with Prot-estants. This led us to hope that you Would stand with us in the effort to maintain the Sabbath." The Archbishop--" It is true the Baltimore Coun-cil recommended co-operation, but that is to be done As citizens. We do not recognize Protestant churches or 'rPretesta,nt Ministers, There is only one true Catholic Church. These other 'denominations may teach:the truth' in a measure, birt they are not the Church of Christ, The Catholic Church is the spouse of Christ, and to her has been committed the oracles of God; She has received authority to teach the truth. We will Work With Protestants as citizens, but not as churches. During the war Ilorate-Greeley and some others attempted to estab-lish peace between the Northern and Southern States)  but Mr. Lincoln said; ' You are good men and have good intentions But you have no author-ity to act. I cannot recognize your work.' So we say to Protestants, You are good people. Your motives are good, But you have no authority. We cannot recognize you.' I would be compromising myself to gb into a Protestant church and unite with Brotestant ministers in such a convention." Mr. FosterŠ" This convention is not to be held under the auspices of any church, It is called by Vie. National.  Reform AssociationŠa society made Up of representative citizens in all parts of the country. It is a citizens' movement. You. observe the conference is called a Christian convention.' " The ArchbishopŠ"At the same time almost all the signers to the call are ministers, and all but one of the speakers are clergymen. My going there would be construed as a concession to Protestantism. If this were a general convention' of citizens, orig-inating with the people and carried on by then, I could act as one of them. But a Christian conven-tion carries with it the idea of the Church, and I could not be identified with that." Mr. FosterŠ" The preservation of the Christian Sabbath is a matter in which all who love our Lord are interested." The .ArchbishopŠ"That is true. I preach the truth to my people about the Sabbath, temperance, divorce, .and all those questions. Wo have author-ity from our Lord to do this. You will pardon me for Saying thdt no Protestant church has this author-ity. And hence I could not act with yoU even in so good a cause, for, in doing so, I would not be true to the Church." This is a sample of the rebuffs that the National Reformers have been willing to receive from the Catholics for the last nine years. They have received several before, and undoubtedly they will receive others yet to come. The rebuffs are richly deserved, and these were certainly well applied. Who can say but 'that the Archbishop appears to the better- advantage in this matter ? The Archbishop and the Cath-olic Church with him have this at least to their credit that what they do believe is' held by them to be of sufficient impor-tance to stand up for it without compro-mise; while this so-called Protestantism, that so anxiously seeks the alliance of the Catholic Church, is willing to make any compromise, and go almost any length to secure that alliance. In short, as they said nine years ago, "We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Ro-man Church will consent to strike hands with other churches as such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-operatio'n in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of .the necessities of the situation. And yet, these are the men who require a constitutional amendment under which they may be empowered to teach religion in the public schools! Why, they do not believe the religion which they profess with sufficient confidence to make it of any effect. Religious teaching, to be of any force, must be thoroughly and confidently believed by the one who teaches it. Other-wise the best and the purest religion that ever was; or that could be, would be of no benefit whatever. And when these men hold their religious principles and doc-trines at so little value that they are will-ing to compromise it at all, and fairly to abandon their position in order to secure the co-operation of those who flatly refuse to recognize them, then the religion which they represent is not worthy of recognition by individuals, much less by the Nation. To force the teaching of such religion as that into the public schools would be to do an irreparable injury to the youth of the United Stated, to say nothing of all the train of other evils that would be in-flicted upon the Nation. If they believed theirŁ. own profession of religion with suf-ficient confidence to impress it upon the people, they would not need any other power to cause it to be received ; but as they do not they demand control of the national power to compel the people to receive it. A. T. J. THE principle of persecution, to the extent of 'burning heretics, is inseparable from the union of Church and State, which makes a crime against the Church, also a crime against the State, to be pun-ished according to human law. If Ameri-cans hate anything it is the principle and practice of religious persecution, and if they love anything it is. civil and religious liberty.Š Philip Schaff, That Sunday Crusade. THAT Minneapolis Preachers' Sunday crusade didn't pan out quite as well as they proposed to have it. It was proposed in their original compact that on the even-ing of the third Sunday in January a large number of hacks or carriages would be retained and held for duty. The ministers were to be divided up into sets of threes and one of each set to make a short speech in one church and drive to another and then to a third, being followed in turn by each of the other two of his set, and thus the whole city was to be crusaded. But it didn't all run smoothly. The first hitch in the proceedings was that the managers found that some of the ministers of the city were not as straght-laced in the mat ter of Sunday observance as they them. selves were. The first onslaught was to be made against the Sunday newspaper ar "the head of all offending." But the managers found that some of the minister-were in favor of the Sunday newspaper.  One of them in fact, Rev. L. G. Powers, openly declared that the Sunday paper "it more of a help than a hindrance to church work." The second hitch in the proceedings was a consideration of consistency. They pro posed to start a crusade against all Sunday work and they found that it would not look very well at the very first step, in sue]; a crusade 'as that, to use a large number of hacks or carriages; 'as this would no cessitate work on the part of somebody to get the hacks or carriages ready, and fur ther work to do the driving, and yet fur ther work to put the horses and hacks it-the stables after the evening's crusade was over, and all this work on Sunday. They concluded that it would never do to preach against Sunday labor and at the same time require so much labor to be done on Sun day. Consequently, their sets of threes all dwindled down to one single set. The sermons of the liberal ministers off-set those of the ones who favored the strict observance of Sunday, while one minister declared that " the Lord and the Sunday newspaper cannot remain in the same house." Another said :Š "The day must include everything that any man can find helpful. The Sunday paper, while it is of no use to the average preacher, is a great benefit to thousands of others. To thousands of toilers Sunday is the only day for reading. The Sunday paper gives them a view of the great world with its true activities. It helps them on one side of their nature as well as the church helps them on the other. The Sunday paper is more of a help than a hindrance to church work. Nine-tenths of all the money for the support of churches and charities in Minneapolis comes from the men who read the Sunday papers. Protestants are powerless to establish self-supporting churches, save among reading people; and the circulation 