AMERICAN SENTINEL. providence made the world and fashioned the continents it would seem that it must have designed Canada for the United States, or visa, versa; and since we have dis-covered so recently that the consent of the governed is not necessary, why not take over Canada? Her terri-tory is much needed to round out our American farm. But alas! These shrewd statesmen have discovered that providence always takes the side of the heaviest guns. If England were only as weak and decrepid as Spain how soon would Canada be ours, and that, too, in the interests of humanity, and for their good as well as ours! Modern statesmanship is about as hard to understand as "the ways of providence." "Be not de-ceived," we have as much human nature in us as any other nation. We have more of the spirit of aggrand-, izement than earlier nations ever had, and when we want to extend our dominion it is not hard to find a pre-text for jumping upon some weak and helpless people. That we should go half way around the globe to pounce upon a people that never injured us, nor gave us the slightest pretext for invading their territory, is so preposterous on its face that it is not strange we should seek to saddle the responsibility entirely on providence. Servitude Under Our Flag. New York "World." HAWAII is now a part of the United States. The -Constitution of the United States forbids "slavery or in-voluntary servitude, except for crime," in any territory controlled by this country. Yet in Hawaii there are 100,000 men held in invol-untary servitude, and the act annexing the islands pro-vided for a continuation of this unlawful condition of things. The American Federation of Labor in session at 'Detroit has entered protest by unanimous vote. Its action is timely and necessary. If it were true, as as-serted, that the Hawaiian sugar plantations cannot be successfully worked without some form of slave labor, then the Hawaiian sugar plantations should 'be left to grow up in weeds. No "interest" on the face of the earth can compen-sate for slavery. No consideration of gain can justify Or excuse involuntary servitude. Better a wilderness anywhere than a land fructified by the sweat of slaves. But it is not true that the sugar plantations cannot be cultivated without slave labor. The like was said of .oar Southern cotton fields. Yet never in the history of slavery did those fields produce more than one-half the cotton crop that they now yield from free labor every year. Our first national duty is to make an end of the bondage of men wherever our flag floats, whether in Hawaii or Sulu. Christmas and "Peace on Earth." "The Union Signal," Dec. 1899. TO-DAY, the two nations representing the highest type of civilization, the two nations to whom have been granted such marvelous opportunities for knowing and applying the principles of Christianity, are each engaged in an aggressive war; a war with a people weaker than themselves; a war for the extension of territory and the acquisition of material gain. Surely there must be an undertone of irony as well as of woe in the Christmas carols of both England and America in this year of our Lord, 1899. But the red-handed war upon the field of battle is not the only warfare which is being carried on in our nation and throughout the world. Indeed, there is a profound sense in which that may be called a "peaceful war" when it is compared with the industrial and eco-nomic warfare in which well nigh every' human being, wittingly or unwittingly, is compelled to take a part. Think of the cornering of industries in the hands of the few while thousands trained to gain a livelihood by means of those industries are persistently kept out of work. See how the very first right which each human being should be able to claimŠthe right to workŠis denied to multitudes, lest through "over-production" there should be a lessening of the enormous receipts of the few. We starve in this country because of "over-production!" Is not that the devil's own logic? Read a paragraph or two gleaned almost at random from some of the leading papers of the land: "Gatling guns are the means to cure striking mobs." "The sim-plest plan, probably, when one is not a member Lr the Humane Society, is to put strychnine or arsenic in the provision furnished to tramps. This is a warning to other tramps to keep out of the neighborhood." "If workingmen have no vote they might be amena-ble to the teachings of the times." "There seems, to be but one remedy and it must comeŠchange of ownership of the soil and a creation of class land-owners on the one hand and of tenant farmers on the otherŠsomething similar to what existed in the older countries of Europe." And this in Christian America! And this in "God's last experiment with humanity!" And this in "the land of the free!" Surely to one who has eyes to see and ears to hear, the Christmas chimes must often sound like a great wail rising from the depths of a sorely disap-pointed humanity. They must mean the crying of Peace, Peace, when there is no peace. CINCINNATI reports an order from. Manila for twenty ear-loads of beer. The consignee, a Manila saloon-keeper, and a firm believer in the necessity of "expan7 .sion," says fie has a demand for eight car-loads a week. 