674 FHE SENTINEL, -12P' LIBERTY. natural rights.' It is true that it has been reiterated right; that is, a right which a person has by virtue of in very recent times and by a man conspicuously his creation. learned and able, the, philosopher Spencer. And The doctrine of government by consent of the yet," affirms the Independent," though buttressed by governed, the Independent finds, very naturally, to be so eminent a name, it has failed to make any distinct equally far from being a " self-evident truth." "Ex-impress on the age, and the revolt against it grows amined judicially," it declares, this principle " is seen apace." The Independent seems not to recollect that to be impossible, since it violates the fundamental this doctrine of natural rights has all through the assumption of every stateŠthe assumption of power century been standing in the. Declaration of Inde- to determine what is best for the continuance of its penaence, than which there has been no higher own life. Examined histOritally, it is seen that no political authority for Americans, and is strangely people has ever acknowledged it in practise." The oblivious to the fact that the Declaration of Inde- Independent does not believe that "the fathers who pendence has during this whole century most pro- promulgated it " could have " entirely meant it," foundly affected the political ideals and ambitions If they had been of "an exacter turn of mind," they of men throughout the civilized world. would have specified many exceptions to the rule, as in the case of females, minors, slaves, inhabitants of No Such Thing as a Real Right. the territory not yet admitted into the union of "The fundamental principle in social conduct, states, etc. according to Spencer," continues the Independent, "is A New Basis of Government. this: Every man has the right to do that which he From all, this the Independent arrives at the con- wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom 'elusion before stated, which it puts as follows: "This of any other man.' So stated," says the Independent, absolute generalization regarding consent, disre-" it meets with well nigh universal approval. But," -garded by its formulators, and practically disavowed it says, " the moment it is sought to determine what by every state that has ever existed, is likely to gasp constitutes infringement, there arises a world of in- out its last breath in the pending campaign. The terpretations so diverse and numerous that if order progressive democratic philosophy of to-day is is to be maintained on the planet, Organized society, building the coming state in the light ,of consider-the state, must step in and compromise. As for ations of social ends. It postulates nothing, it an-particular rights,' to be fundamental, to be real alyzes and decomposes old principles and theories, rights, they must be of universal applicability." .it concerns itself not with `rights' but with duties, Then the Independent inquires, " Can any one point with social adaptations, with an ideal of the greatest to a postulate of a right' which for any consider- good to the greatest number,' as that greatest' good able time, by any considerable number of men, has may be determined by experiences of fact." been held to be, absolute, unqualified by time, place This sweeps aside at once the whole system of or circumstance?" The conclusion is that there is American republican government set up a century no such thing as a "real right." " What one man ago upon. the Declaration of Independence and the declares to be a `right'," it says, "another declares Constitution, and which has continued unquestioned a wrong; that which one generation holds to be nat- by Americans down td the time of the capture of ural and inalienable, the next generation considers Manila. No more natural rights, no more consent,  unnatural and promptly alienates." " No society of the governed, neither in the Philippines nor in finds it possible to acknowledge an inalienable America, but only the principle of " the greatest good right' to life. * * * In every Part of the world to the greatest number," to be operated according society finds it neceesary to determine the conditions to the dictates of expediency,Š such is the basis to under which its members shall live, not on the basis which American free government is being rapidly of universal moral law, but on that of social justice, shifted before our eyes. which is but another name for social expediency. How will this affect the American people? This `Rights' thus resolve themselves into postulates is simply to ask how it ,will -affect an individual to.  born of particular times, places, and conditions." deny that he hasŁany natural rights, that his consent Such is the Independent's conclusion, which amounts is necessary to his government, and to hold every to saying that there is no such thing as a natural interest that he may have subject to what men may 