250 AMERICAN SENTINE L. much in the keen fight for Sunday laws, at our national Capitol." Yes; there is a good deal meant by the persistent ef-fort to get Congress to enact a Sunday law for the Dis-trict of Columbia. It is meant by this to get Congress committed to Sunday legislation, and then from this vantage ground to demand a general Sunday law for the nation: The first step in wrong doing means a good. deal, always. 0 •  Ł-4 A Case of Class Legislation. WE learn that in Texas a law has recently been passed which is favorable to convassers of religious literature in that State. The gist of the law is given as follows:Š "A license of forty-five dollars is required of every agent, except those who are engaged exclusively in selling books of a purely religious character." We haven't very much sympathy with it as a law, as it is a straight out and out case of class legislation, which is wrong first, last, and all the time. W. E. C. What War Will Be on a Man of War. THE conditions of a combat at sea between modern warships have vastly changed since the time of the last great sea fight between the forces of civilized nations; and the change, it 'appears, has not been in the direction of increased safety to the participants in such a contest. It might seem at first thought that the steel armor in which ships of war are now usually encased, would afford secure protection to all who would take care to keep it between themselves and the missiles of the enemy; but the fact is that in the race for supremacy the heavy armor has not kept pace with the heavy guns; and in coining naval battles the ships will be subjected to the destruc-tive force of projectiles which the heaviest armor they can carry will not withstand. The torpedo, also, will play its deadly part, and the rapidity with which destruction and death may overwhelm both vessel and crew can be imagined from the disaster which overtook the "Maine." Captain McGiffin, the American who commanded the Chinese battleship "Chen Yuen," in the battle of the Yalu, between the fleets of China and Japan, in speaking of the sensations experienced during the fight on that occasion, said:Š "A very great feeling of curiosity animates all hands' in a battle at sea. Chinamen are about the least curious men in the world; yet the deck officers on my ship had great trouble in keeping the members of the black gang, the firemen and coal passers, and even the machinists, down below during the action. They kept poking their heads above the main deck, lifting off hatches for the pur-pose, to see how we were making out. On the whole, I think the men down below are more nervous during a fight than the men on deck. They are a bit afraid of  what they can't see. It's just like the fear of a man lying in bed in a dark room when he knows there is a burglar within a few feet of him. The men on deck can see the whole game, and the smoke and the roar infuse the devil of battle into them, and they simply don't care whether the ship remains on top or goes down. They literally enjoy the fun. A lot of our gunners were positively hys-terical with delight. Some of them laughed like wild men. They muttered to themselves and howled like drunkards. Indeed, half the ship's company looked to me as if they were three parts drunk after the fight, yet there was no grog. They reeled about, with silly, drunken expressions on their faces, although they knew we were licked." When asked if he didn't feel like running when the fight commenced, Captaiit McGiffin replied, "Run where?" and added that in a fight at sea under the conditions of modern warfare, there is literally no place to run to, one part of the ship being about as safeŠor as dangerousŠas another. In view, of the fact that a conflict between this coun-try and Spain would be fought out mostly on the water, the following description of the conditions which will be imposed upon those cm board a man-of-war "in action," is of interest. It is furnished by a writer in the New York Sun:Š "Common and perfectly equal as the danger in which all hands on board a modern man-of war unquestionably stand during a fight, there are, of course, some stations that appear to be more ticklish for the men assigned to them than others. For example, there is probably not a sea soldier in the United States Marine Corps to-day who is not figuring on the insignificant show he will probably have for his life if, in the event of his ship's getting into action, he is detailed with a picked few of his mates to man the rapid-firing guns in the fighting tops. At first glance the fighting top of a modern ship of war appears to be quite the most dangerouz spot on the ship fore or aft in case of action. There has never been any good opportunity to test this, for fighting tops (rightly called military masts) are of comparatively recent develop-ment, and during the Chino-Japanese naval engagements no systematic attempt seems to have been made on either side to raze the fighting tops to the decks or into the sea. The proportion of killed and wounded in the fightingtops during those engagements was considerably less than on deck. "In a sea fight between expert manipulators of ships, however, there can be no doubt that the vessels will go each at the other's military masts with enthusiasm at the very outset, for the purpose of silencing the deadly play of the rapid-firing guns, which are capable of making terrific havoc on an enemy's decks. The rapid firingguns only would be used for the purpose of chopping off or knocking over the enemy's fighting tops, for a fighting top is a small mark in long-range shooting, and no gun-ner would be so foolish as to wa‚ste big gun projectiles in an attempt to shave a mark the chances of striking which are about as a thousand to one against him. But rapid-firing guns are accurate and their projectiles are powerful enough to do for the strongest fighting top that ever reared its ugly circular head from the deck of a ship of war. The sides of the fighting tops are armored, but they are not armored sufficiently to render them impene- 