240 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, APRIL 14, 1898. THERE is nothingcertain about the present warlike outlook except the absolute uncertainty of what may come if war ensues. SPAIN, with the assistance of the pope, has been making a desperate effort to gain the sympathy and sup-port of the powers of Europe. If the effort succeeds, it means trouble ahead for the United States. The nation's chief enemy in Europe is not on Span-ish soil. "WE want no 'glove contests,'Šno, indeed. What we want is war with Spain. It is a disgrace to permit a combat in which so little blood is shed and nobody is likely to be killed!" Does not thisfairly represent the con-sistency of very many people in this country? IF Havana is bombarded by the American fleet assembled at Key West, the spectacle will be such as has never before been witnessed in the history of the world. Never before have such terrible agencies as are now controlled by the nations, been let loose for a work of death and de-struction. THE Archbishop of Breslau, Car-dinal Kopp, says a London journal, has gone to Rome, charged with a confidential mission to the pope from the German emperor. It is stated that this mission is for the purpose of arranging for concessions from the German government to the papacy in return for papal support of the emperor's naval bill in the Reichstag. A CORRESPONDENT who takes excep-tion to the work of the SENTINEL as tending t o destroy the Sabbath, says that it is "better to have .a Sabbath kept sacredly by a whole nation than to have several days," which would prevent any "sacred day of rest." This suggest the query whether it  would not be better to have one god worshiped piously by the people than to have several gods. In reply it may be said, Yes, provided it be the true one. A. false sabbath is just as bad as a false god. And as for keep-ing a day sacredly, the only day that can be so kept is the day. that God has made sacredŠthe seventh day. God aloneŠnot manŠhas power to make anything sacred. THE assistant attorney-general of Kansas has decided that "divine healers" in that State are exempt from prosecution as quack doctors, on the ground that the deity, who is claimed to be the agent in such heal-ing, is not subject to Kan,4as law. Divine healing is plainly taught in the Scriptures, and the right of any person to believe in it, and to act upon such belief, is as unquestioned as the right to believe in God. A MAN in Georgia, the editor of the Lakewood Commercial, it is said, is actually going to run for public office on a platform advocating lynching as practiced in that and other sec-tions of the South. In other words, he will bid for political support upon a platform of open lawlessness; for of course there is no law in any State which justifies mob law. If mob rule is the best way of protecting life and property, then all law would better be abolished. FOR a fortnight past the daily press of the country has shown a wonder-ful capacity for criticism of the Presi-dent and the Administration in gen-eral, and should there be war it will no doubt be found, as it was in the conflict between North and South, that the ablest (?) military com-manders have been left at home to edit the newspapers. But the stan-dard of reliability and accuracy to which the modern newspaper editor conforms would not very well suit the purposes of a military campaign. SPEAKING of the attitude of the Eu-ropean powers in the Spanish-Ameri-can crisis, the New York Sun of the  18th inst. says: "It is utopian and practically incredible, in the estima-tion of Continental diplomacy, that any nation should perform a stern and unwelcome duty to humanity in-volving serious sacrifices, when the reason for that duty is outside its own borders." In other words, the powers cannot conceive of a nation's acting from any other than purely selfish motives. And this is true of those nations which have a state church, and are commonly spoken of as being "Christian"! SOME clergymen of Kansas City, Mo., having started a crusade against Sunday theaters and baseball, their leader, Rev. Mr. Quayle, explains that "We do not want to boss the city, and do not think regulating the government is the business of the church " Somehow it is usually deemed necessary in connection with these crusades, to say something to try to twist the public mind out of the channel of its natural thought; the natural conclusion in the matter being what the statement is made to deny. THERE can be no better reading for these days of unrest, confusion, and "rumors of war," than is afforded by The Story of Redemption. This is the title of a handsomely-bound and illustrated book just issued by the Pacific Press Pub. Co., which tells the story of divine love and wisdom a,s manifested in human history from the fall of man down to the present, and onward to the coming restora-tion. The style is simple, clear, and entertaining, and priceless gems from the mines of sacred truth are made to sparkle throughout its pages. It is not designed as a substitute for the Scriptures, but as an incentive and aid to their study. A suitable pres-ent for young or old. Address Pa-cific Press Pub. Co., 39 Bond St., New York City. WILL some one please enlighten us as to what connection there is be-tween the resurrection of Christ and the Easter bonnet. 