JULY 30, 1896. A.MLIEJELIC.AJV A441WIL IN40_,LA 239 YOUNG PEOPLE'S.  LIBRARY. century, or perhaps quite early in the second, the Syrian version was made. This version is called the Peschito, and is still extant. A translation of it was published a few years ago in this country by Dr. Murdock. This version, which is perhaps as correct as any we have, has been the text-book of the Eastern Christians for 1800 years, and it has been carefully preserved by those Christians who have never been under the influence of the Church of 'Rome. If the Greek Scriptures of the New Testament and the Hebrew of the Old had been entirely lost, we could restore them, word for word, from the Septuagint and Peschito. . . . It is also true that in the earliest ages of Christianity the Church of Rome was not as hostile to the Bible as she has been since she has adopted so many errors that are not found in the Scriptures. In her purer age she had not, therefore, so much occasion to set the Bible aside. Hence, we have the old Itala, i. c., the Bible translated into Latin, perhaps in the second century. This was almost uni-versally used in the Roman Empire until the Vulgate was published in the fourth century, which has ever since been the standard in the Church of Rome. At an early periodŠindeed as fast as the nations became converted to ChristianityŠthe Bible was translated for the use of the people; hence, as early as 370, Ulphilas, bishop of the Moeso-Goths, trans-lated the Bible into the Gothic. In the eighth century the venerable Bede translated the Scriptures into Anglo-Saxon. Many other translations were made, and thus God's Word was scattered over the world. . . . There were, moreover, always pious sects, like the Vaudois, Waldenses and Albigenses, who kept the Word of God pure and unspotted, so that we owe nothing to Rome for our Holy Scriptures. Romanism and the Bible have no fellow-ship; for if one is true, much of the other must be false. Hence, Romanists do not wish or encourage their people to read the Bible, because they are well aware that Romanist'', as it now exists, is not found in the Word of God. A general reading of the Bible among the members of the Roman Catholic Church would be likely to make a great change in it in ten years.ŠRev. R. Weiser, D. D.  AO- " CIVIC RIGHTEOUSNESS.",  [Present,  Truth (London, Eng.), May 28, 1896.] THE expression " civic righteousness" is one which is not infrequently used of late. What is the meaning of the term? In the second chapter of Proverbs the wise man .has said :Š My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and bide my commandments with thee; so that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to un- derstanding: . . . Then shalt thou understand the fear of the Lord, and find the knowledge of God. Then shalt thou understand righteousness. It is then through the fear and knowledge of God that an understanding of righteousness is to be gained. Very possibly the thought of Solomon, in writing these words, was di-rected to the language of the inspired poet, his father, where, in the one hundred and seventy-second verse of the one hundred and nineteenth psalm, he says: " My tongue shall speak of Thy word : for all thy commandments are righteousness:" So it is the commandments of God, which, being themselves an epitome of righteousness, are the test and measure of all righteousness. But the commandments of God apply to the  whole circle of human relations; not only to the social and civil side of life, but to the moral and spiritual existence as well. They regulate not only the exigencies of civic life and a man's association with his neighbor, but also the inner thought of his mind, inclination of his heart, and attitude of feeling toward his neighbor and toward his God,Šthings which none can know except the man himself and the omniscient God. To fulfill the re-quirements of this universal law, and satisfy the omniscient Judge, is to possess righteous-ness. It is within the power of God, as an omni-scient Judge, to measure and test every man by this law and enforce the fulfillment of its requirements. The commandments of God are righteousness. They are divine law. " Civic righteousness," then, would be civil law. Civil law is human law. There is no such thing as " civic righteousness." It is a figure of speech in which poor, feeble, fallible human justice has attempted to array itself in the judicial robes of omnipotent and omni-scient divinity. The law of righteousness God alone can ad-minister. Civic justice, according to human law, man may administer. But when the human agent for the administration of civic justice thinks, or attempts, to administer the divine law of righteousness, he becomes the most pitifully incompetent usurper in all God's infinite universe. THE STORY OF PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most, if not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or incorrect and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty.. The book is a plain, unvar-nished tale of Pitcairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a continual peru-sal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, $1.00  With Sentinel, - 1.50 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF TITeE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter. and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. it T. A. C. ce G. T. By., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. By., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. SERIES 1. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. By tmma H. Adams. Interesting sketches of Arctic expeditions of England and America in the 'nineteenth century. It is a book which will fascinate young folks, and add materially to their stock of knowledge. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth 60e FIJI AND SAMOA. By Emma H. Adams. A graphic and interesting description of the Fijian and Samoan Islands, their geographical position, their government and religion, their social and physical peculiarities, and the wonderful productions of these Islands. 12 ado, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth 60c JACK THE CONQUEROR, Or Overcoming DifficnIties, and other stories. These are not light, trashy, im-probable tales, but they present some of the real diffi-culties which nearly all boys and girls are compelled to encounter, and point out the best way to meet them, so as to make the difficulties aids to higher at- tainments. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60e SAVONAROLA. By Emma H. Adams. The little vol-ume is a graphic sketch of the most prominent events of this great preacher's life and experience, the mo-nasticism of the fifteenth century, the iniquities that prevailed, the political influence of Savonarola, his trial and death. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60e THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS. By Emma H. Adams. This volume is for the Tonga Is-lands what "Fiji and Samoa " is for those groups. But there is no sameness in the two. The islands, people, customs, and products are sufficiently varied to make another volume equal to or exceeding in in- terest the_first. 12nto, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60e LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. By Henry A  Harper. Illustrates many customs and practices, peo-ple, and things, so different from those of our own land. The reading of the book will make more inter- esting the study and reading of the word of God  12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60c Either volume of this series will be sent postpaid on receipt of price. The complete series, six volumes put up in a neat box, will be sent postpaid fer  ff5. SERIES 2. JOHN OF WYCLIFFE. By Emma H. Adams. Every reader of the English Bible owes a debt of gratitude to this man, who had so much to do with placing the Scriptures in the hands of the people. The writer has sketched in striking outlines the great controversies of the times and the part that was taken in them by Wycliffe. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth 6Ite LEFT WITH A TRUST. By Nellie Hellis. This is a story of the struggles of a family td help " mother " and each other during the absence of father, and pleasantly reveals the brighter side of youth where there is a worthy purpose and a will to be kind and affectionate. 12nto, 160 pages, Illustrated, cloth, 60c LIFE ON THE CONGO. By Rev. W. Holman Bentley. This short, though comprehensive story cannot fail to interest young and old. The information given has the merit of being the product of the personal obser-vation of the author and other well-known parties who have traversed the country which is so graphic- ally described. 121no, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60c MARTIN LUTHER. By Emma H. Adams. The name of this great reformer is well known in every house-hold, and this story of his life, at home, at the Uni-versity, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, an d_finally the closing scenes of his event- ful career, will be of deep interest to the young  12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 66c NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA. By Rev. Henry Rice. A most interesting description of the social and religious characteristics of the Hindus. The writer of this book spent eighteen years in India. The book is fully illus- trated with cuts that are made from native sketches  12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth 60e TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES. By Emma H  Adams. A graphic description of he New Hebrides and Solomon Islands. The luxuriance of the vegeta-tion, the strange phases of animal life, the volcanoes and other natural curiosities, the manners and cus-toms of the people, and the efforts to civilize and Christianize them, are all told in a lively and enter- taining style. 12/11°,160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60e "Either volume of this series will be sent postpaid on receipt of price. The complete series, six volumes, put up in a neat box, will be sent postpaid for $2.95. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, - , NEW YORK CITY. Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Terra Ceia, Fla., Jan. 29 1896. CYCLONE WASHER Co: I received the machine, and to say that I am pleased is too tame. I am perfectly delighted with it. I have shown it to several and they are all pleased with its work, and talk of buying it. I shall try for orders, and if suc- cessful will want one dozen at once. MRS. E. A. LENNARD. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Address. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich, 