THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 187 city, which is but the expression of all three, it is as follows :Š Several times since I have been in New York the speculators in Wall Street have got into a tight place and the United States Treasury has come to their relief. Once it did it by paying nearly six months in advance a large lot of interest upon Government bonds. On several occasions it has bought up a large lot of bonds that it would not otherwise have bought. And what was it all for ? Simply to save from financial ruin a lot of men who in their greed for wealth had got beyond their depth. Now why is it any worse to do something of the same kind for the agriculturists ? Why if the Government is to help anybody, why if it is proper for it to save the speculator from bankruptcy in an evil day, is it not equally proper for it to give a helping hand to the farmer in a bad season, or in close times ? This is well put, and to all of it we heartily reply, Why, indeed ? It is no more the province of the Government to help the rich than it is to help the poor, or to help the banker or the stock gambler than to help the farmer or the hod'-carrier. And IF it is to help the,  one, logically it must help the other. If it is to be a par-ent to one it must be the same to all. But there is the if, and that is the point. It is not to help any of them; it is not to be the parent of any. And here is just the difference between THE SENTINEL and our three correspond-ents and the whole movement in behalf of which they speak. THE SENTINEL is totally opposed to any of it and all of it, and to the principle upon which any of it is done; while on the other hand this movement pretends to object to, and makes great capital of, the evil of applying the prin-ciple to a few, and proposes to cure the the evil by applying it to all. That is an evil which exists contrary to the principles of the Government, they propose to cure it by firmly fixing it as a principle of the Government, and by multiplying it ten thousand fold. In other words, they sim-ply propose to make this evil the fulcrum by which they will lift themselves into the place and power where they can do for themselves a great deal more than has ever been done in this Government for anybody else. The truth of the matter is that when the movement shall succeed, as it surely will, if not in this particular line then in some other, the end of it all will be a sort of general scramble to see who shall get the most. And this is the sum and the substance of the whole thing. It may be that our correspondents will not agree with us just now; but that mat-ters nothing to us. Five years ago when THE SENTINEL first called attention to the movement to establish a religious despot-ism, we were criticised and pooh-poohed for that more than we are now for calling attention to this surest forerunner of it. But THE SENTINEL knew then just what it was doing ; and it knows now what it is doing just as well as it did then. Those who objected then, know now that we were right then; and those who object now may know sometime that we were  right now : and we shall have known it all the time. There is another point or two in the let-ters, such as what constitutes real money, etc., which it is not necessary to discuss, and which perhaps need not to have been mentioned in the first place, as the only object that we had in view was to call at-tention to the civil despotism that lies in the Supreme Court decision coupled with the general movement which corresponds to it. And we are perfectly willing to trust to the event to demonstrate that the coming religious despotism will be estab-lished substantially in the manner here outlined. Now in closing, let us not be misunder-stood, and let us not be misjudged, in this matter. We would not be understood as reflecting upon the farmers nor upon the Alliance as such. It is entirely at the principle that we aim. THE SENTINEL has nothing at all to do with parties of any kind either for or against, but with principles only. We do not say for a moment that the Farmers' Alliance as such, nor the individuals who compose it, intend what we have pointed out. We simply say that the mischief is in the prin-ciple, and it will appear and will do all that we have said in the face of their best in-tentions. It is the same way with the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and others who are working for religious legislation. They do not all intend to establish a relig-ious despotism, they do not all intend to persecute, but a religious despotism with its attendant persecutions, is in the prin-ciple of the thing, and will all appear as surely as they secure what they demand, nor will either the wickedness or the cruelty of the thing be relieved by the fact that they did not intend it. We say to all, have nothing to do with either the religious or the civil movement. In religion let your dependence be upon God, and not upon the Government. And in civil things, let your dependence be upon your own manly self and not upon a paternal, pampering, coddling, meddling government, which must needs tell you what you shall eat and drink and wear, how long you shall work, when you are tired, when you shall rest, and when you shall be religious. A. T. J. How Politics and Religion Are Mixed. SPEAKING of the opening of the recent political convention which brought into being " The People's Party of the United States of America," the Chicago Daily News says :Š A chorus from the Farmers' Alliance song book, and three bangs from temporary chairman Cun-ningham's iron hammer, preceeded a prayer by the Rev. Gilbert Delamatyr, the greenback ex-congressman. Mr. Delamatyr was roundly ap-plauded when he arose to pray. Frequent and earnest amens from the audience punctuated the invocation, after which the delegates seemed to  feel better and settled contentedly back in their chairs, while the Kansas Glee Club regaled them with a humorous ditty. The News says further :Š Amid a perfect cyclone of enthusiasm a delegate moved the adoption of the platform as read. The convention went wild and the delegates mounted tables and chairs, shouting and yelling like Co-manches. A portion of the convention in thunder-ous chorus sung to the tune of "Good-by, My Lover, Good-by," the words " Good-by, old parties, good-by," and then the doxology. Think of sandwiching a prayer in be-tween two humorous songs, and singing the doxology immediately after a chorus has been sung to the tune, " Good-by, My Lover, Good-by " ! Yet there are some who think that such a religious farce is a benefit to the people, and that it ought to be carried out in all departments of the Government at public expense. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The Question Involved. THE Sabbath Recorder, the organ of the Seventh-day Baptists, has declared in fa-vor of the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair. The Recorder says :Š The question of opening the Columbian Exposi-tion on Sunday is bound to be a live one till the Directors give their decision ; and we are glad that we can show an authoritative utterance to our people which can not in any way bring us into the company of the enemies of religion in their clamor for a Sunday opening. We can safely oppose this demand upon high religious grounds without com-promising ourselves as keepers of the Bible Sabbath, because the attack upon Sunday is really an attack upon American Sabbath-keeping, represented by Sunday, and involves not the question of a day, but the Sabbath idea and principle. So it is our fight in common with all Christians who love the Sabbath idea. In this connection it is signficant that there are reactions in Europe against Conti-nental Sunday-keeing. France has passed a law making one day in seven a rest day, and a bill has been introduced into the Spanish Senate by the Prime Minister making Sunday a day of rest in government establishments. The duty of Seventh-clay Baptists lies in the direction of teaching the true Sabbath idea. The times are going to give us work enough to do, but we hope we shall never be found with those who are helping the evil root the Sabbath, as a principle, out of men's minds and hearts. This is not a question of company either good or bad, but of correct principles. We do not join in the demand for the Fair to be open on Sunday; to us it is a matter of indifference. If the Directors see fit to close the Fair on Sunday we have no objections to offer, neither shall we join in the demand that the Fair shall be closed ; certainly not for the reason given by the Sabbath Recorder. If the Chicago Fair ought to be closed on Sunday to preserve " the .Sabbath idea and principle" in America, it follows that the United States mails should stop on Sun-day for the same reason. If keeping the Fair open all or a part of Sunday violates " the Sabbath idea and principle," cer-tainly the carrying and handling of the mails upon that day is even worse, for it involves the labor of many more people, and exerts a wider influence, 