AMERICAN SENTINEL. 331 or any other day of the week, or the non-observance of those days, as a God-given and inherent right of each individual,Ša right, therefore, which it is the very object of government to protect, and which no legislative ma-jority has a right to interfere with. This we understand to be the civil theory of true Americanism. "We know well that Sunday laws of various sorts have been registered on the statute books of most of the States from the colonial period. These laws, however, were understood by the fathers of the Republic, to be relics of the old church and state union; and it was hoped that, being unsanctioned by the Federal Govern-ment, they would soon become inoperative, and so be repealed. "THE NEW ORDER OF THINGS.' "On the obverse of the great seal of the United States is this motto in Latin: 'I New Order of Things.' By that seal the United States stands pledged before the world to take an advanced step in the practical applica-tion of the principles of liberty, and so to institute a new order of things. "What was this new order of things to be? In all the past it had been thought that there were two orders of beings in the world, the ruling class, and the ruled. The first possessed, it was thought, all the rights; the last must content themselves with permissions from the dom-inant class. Under this theory of government, legisla-tion was arbitrary, and the law was thought to create and confer rights. All this was to be changed in the `new order of things.' The Declaration of Independence said: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pUrsuit of happiness.' "In the new order of things, government was to exist not to dominate a subject class, but to protect all men in the enjoyment of their inherent rights, and these rights were limited only by the equalrights of all. Laws were not to confer rights, or to take them away, but they were simply to define the natural, God-given rights. "We most earnestly protest against the whole Sun-day-law movement, as a complete denial of this 'new order of things' to which the United States Government stands pledged by its great seal before the world. Every man has an inherent, God-given right to the use of his time as he sees fit, and this right is limited only by the equal rights of all other men. If the Government at the request of the church can confiscate one seventh of a man's time and direct him as to just how he shall or shall not use that time, the whole theory of inherent rights is denied. It is now a mere matter of policy as to whether the Government shall direct as to his use of two-sevenths, of three-sevenths, or of all of his time, and so make him a slave. John Hampden said that if the king could tax him seven cents, he could, if he saw fit, confis-cate all his estates, the whole principle of no taxation without representation was denied. It is so here. "Secondly, we respectfully but earnestly protest against all these laws, as religious laws, as in just so far a union of church and state,Šthe church using the state to enforce its decrees,Šand is therefore entirely contrary to the genius of our American Government and to the interests of that true Christianity which works only with the love power, and always from within. If one princi- ple of the new, the American order of things, was the absolute civil equality of all men before the law, the other principle was the absolute religious independence of each individual before his Maker. God only has a right to command the consciences of men, and he does it only to uplift and set free; and even he has made men free to resist his will, and to refuse the slightest act of worship. He has therefore never commissioned any earthly ruler to do what he himself would not do, en-force his worship. All such legislation is therefore tyran-nical. It is the church asking the state to bind men again in the chains of priestcraft." "We Have a Law." [THE following relative to the prosecution of Mr. A. J. Waters, for Sunday work, at Gainesville, Ga., ap- peared as an editorial in the Gainesville Eagle, of May 18. From it the reader may see( how such prosecutions are viewed by some of Gainesville's residents:Š] Another twist has been given to the statutory reli-gious-persecution machine, commonly known as the Lord's day or Sunday law, and Mr. Burke Waters, an honest citizen, will have to pay out sixty-five dollars in hard-earned cash or serve a term as a leased convictŠand for what, in this land of boasted freedom, of free speech, and free conscience? For obeying the command of GodŠfor observing the fourth commandmentŠfor serving his Creator according to the dictates of:his con-science. ° But "we have a law," so the Jews told PilateŠand that law a rudimentary fang, a survival in man of the primitive wild beast, an instrument with which an in-tensely-orthodox bigot may tear the flesh of his neigh-bor of differing creed; a survival despite the light that has dawned on the brain and conscience of men; that has survived in spite of the tenderness and charity that the Christ-life has infused into the great heart of human-ity for nineteen hundred years. The hauling of these Adventists before the grand juries is religious persecution pure and simple. It is al-ways instigated by some fellow who is utterly devoid of religion himselfŠsome hypocrite who does not care a rap for the sanctity of the Sabbath. If this were not true, why is it that none but Adventists are ever prose. cuted for working on Sunday? And these sensitive, ten-der-hearted bigots who are so unutterably outraged by seeing an Adventist plowing on Sunday in his field four hundred yards from the roadŠwhy is it that they can go on Sunday and sit for hours and spit tobacco juice and listen to smutty stories in front ofŁ a livery stable,  while the establishment is in full blast, breaking the Sabbath by hiring the tired and protesting dumb brutes to Sabbath-breaking picnickers? Can any one tell why a man who believes the first day of the week is the Sabbath is not prosecuted for desecrating that day? Is it not as sinful to break the 