AMERICAN SENTINEL. 759 equal" physically, mentally, or in the social and tem-poral conditions in which they may chance to be born, nor is this what was meant, because the rest of the sen-tence tells wherein "all men are created equal." All men are equal because "they are endowed by their Crea-tor with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the Pursuit of happiness." Mark, it does not simply say that all Americans are created equal, but "all men," and this includes man wherever he may be found, whether "In Greenland's icy mountains, On India's coral strand, Or beside Afric's sunny fountains." And herein is affirmed the Brotherhood of man, as re-vealed by God the Father, through Jesus the Son. But our "higher critics" would have us believe that only those men are equal who are "capable of self-gov-ernment," forgetful of the fact that even the American Indians in their aboriginal state had a crude form of self-governmentŠtheir chiefs were chosen from among the warriors around the council fire. The other day a paper professing to be "Philadel-phia's leading daily," made the assertion that "the theory that 'governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed' is not of universal applica-tion." If that be true, then the Declaration of Inde-pendence is founded on a wrong principle. Fortunately the statement is an unadulterated lie. One cannot deny this proposition of the Declaration of Independence without first destroying its basic principle, and then the whole document is easily denied and disproved. Nor is this proposition a mere"theory" as our daily contemporary terms it, but a living, actual truth and reality, susceptible of proof. It is "to secure these (una-lienable) rights" that "governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed," and unless all the rights of "life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness" are fully secured the government is not a just one. Such we find in Russia, Turkey, China, and all absolute monarchies. Even these unjust governments exist by the "consent" or tol-erance of the governed, and the strongest of them could not exist in the face of any dissent that was anywhere nearly unanimous. Because the principle of self-government as set forth in the Declaration of Independence has not yet been universally applied is not proof that "it is not" capable "of universal application." But the application of the principle would necessitate the overthrow of the unjust governments, for "when any form of government, be-comes destructive of these ends [the securing of man's unalienable rights] it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying its foundations on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness." Sounds revolu-tionary, does it not? And so it is! But it is in the doc- ument. And if ever the teachings of the "higher critics" predominate, our own rights may be so denied that it may some day become necessary to fight the Revolu-tionary War over again in order to issue anew the Dec-laration of Independence. It behooves American citizens not to allow them-selves to be led by a subsidized and capitalistic press, but to take time to read and think for themselves, and then be guided by the God-given light of conscience. "Untimely" Interference. THE predicament in which the man is placed who adheres to the principles of justice, as he conceives them, against the ideas of the majority or of the party in power in a nation, is pointed out by the Springfield Republican:Š "There has been an astonishing amount of 'treason' against the British government by eminent public men since the Boer war began. Mr. Chaplin, of the Cabinet, the other day warmly denounced a speech by Lord Spencer as 'unpatriotic,' because his lordship had seen fit to criticise the government for its Transvaal policy. It must have been this incident that inspired Lord Cole-ridge, in a speech somewhat later, to outline the desper-ate position of those who do not approve of the course of a government in leading a country into war. If, during the negotiations prior to war, he said, 'we dare to criticise those who carry them on we are told that we are interfering with the peaceful progress of those nego-tiations, and that we are thwarting a possible solution of the difficulty. If those negotiations result in war, and we say a word, we are told, "War in now in progress; your duty is if you are a patriot to support the execu-tive." When the war is over and we come forward with our criticisms we shall no doubt be told they are be-lated.' (Laughter.) Lord Coleridge thus neatly stated the position not only of the opponents of the Trans-vaal war in England, but of the anti-imperialists in America. "Before the Filipino war broke out they were told that in criticising the Spanish treaty, or opposing it, they were inviting war; when war came they were told that they could not be patriots unless they kept their criticism to themselves; and after the war they will be told that the incident is closed and there remains noth-ing to discuss." THE Government proposes to establish non-secta-rian public schools in Porto Rico and Cuba; at which several Catholic journals have taken offense and spoken their sentiments in the matter accordingly. Says one:Š "Could a more monstrous wrong, a more outrage-ous injustice than the imposition of such schools upon Catholic Cuba and Porto Rico be imagined! And what,  makes the matter all the more shameful is the fact that it is under the instructions and by the orders of the Government of this country that this wrong and this injustice are to be done." And the Catholic journals which speak thus are pub-lished not in South America, but in the United States. 