16 ANE_IHAEUICA_N-  Vol. 8. No. 2. NEW YORK, JANUARY 12, 1893. Nora.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WHILE this paper is being printed the hearing on Mr. Durborow's resolution "to repeal the religious legislation pertaining to the World's Columbian Exposition," is.  in progress. We hope to give a good re-port of the hearing next week. Prominent among the advocates of unconditional and absolute repeal of the Sunday-closing pro-viso is Jas. T. Ringgold, Esq., of the Law Department of the Baltimore University, and author of that excellent legal work, " The Law of Sunday." Our editor-in-chief, who has so often discomfited the Church and State cohorts, is also on the ground with his invincible logic and in-controvertible facts. The presence of these two men makes it certain that the re-port of this hearing will be, as Mr. Crafts remarked of the report of a former hearing, " mighty interesting reading." THE Journal, of Hart, Mich., makes the timely remark that " the society that undertakes to affiliate with any political party is sooner or later doomed to the ignominious past. And there is no ques-tion to-day which is so materially affect-ing the onward course of our churches, their good work and influence, as the-one of politics. You can hardly attend church nowadays but the listener and the congregation are imposed upon by the private and personal political opinion of the preacher. It is about time that min-isters awakened to their duties, and left the work of politics to the politicians, and outside of the church." THE Mail and Express has the follow-ing which it very properly entitles, " A Pertinent Question" :Š A question is asked by an intelligent observer whether if the State has a right to take one per cent. of a dead man's estate and give his heirs ninety-nine per cent., it has not also a right to take ninety-nine per cent. and give the heirs one per cent. This is a logical deduction, and strengthens the impression that the collateral and direct inher-itance tax laws would not stand the constitutional test. Suppose the question were, if the State has the right to take one-seventh part of a man's time from him by means of a Sunday law, has it not also the right to take six-sevenths of his time and leave him only the one-seventh for himself? And if the State has the right to require Sunday keeping in the interests of moral-ity, might it not with equal propriety require the study of the Scriptures, and  familiarity with certain religious tenets conducive to morality? Logic is logic; and consistency would be consistency were it not that its rarity transforms it - into a jewel. NEW ORLEANS which has long been noted for it4 disregard of Sunday, is now moving in the matter of enforcing the law. The district attorney has taken things into his own hands, and is not only personally superintending the matter, but has filed imformation against the chief of police for non-feasance in office because of his neg-lect to make arrests without warrants. THE editor of the Christian Statesman, now in Washington looking after the in-terests of " the American Sabbath," says in his paper of the 31st ult. : " On reach-ing Washington, we found on the table of the first congressman we called upon a copy of the AMERICAN SENTINEL which the generous and industrious Seventh-day Adventists send regularly to every con-gressman. And the copy had been read." This is gratifying ! We were aware of the fact that the SENTINEL was being read by members of Congress, but are glad to have the readers of the Statesman know it also. Commenting upon this decision, the World, of this city, says :Š The publishers of Sunday newspapers, and all other victims of this moss-grown law, should insist upon its literal enforcement. That is the only way pointed out by President Grant to secure the re-peal of an obnoxious law. The result will probably be that the law will be more rigidly enforced than ever before; but that will not lead to its  repeal; the trend of the times is not in that direction. Apostate Protestantism finds itself entrenched in the civil laws of the country, and will not surrender a single inch of vantage ground. THE January Arena has a brief note en-titled, " Persecution of Christians by Christians Still Being Vigorously Pros-ecuted in Tennessee," in which the follow-ing facts are stated :Š The Protestant inquisition is in active operation in Tennessee, exhibiting in spirit the same brutal ferocity of the Inquisition of the Middle Ages. Only the general enlightenment which has come through the wider liberty of the past two centuries prevents the same hideous cruelty as then exhibited. The spirit is the same. It is the same spirit which led the fanatical Jew to crucify Jesus, which led Nero to burn Christians, which led Rome to burn Protestants and which led Calvin to compass the death of Servetus. Five more of these conscientious, God-fearing Christians have recently been arrested in Tennessee. It is a crying shame that the last decade of the nineteenth century should witness a renewal of the Middle Age bigotry and persecution, and it is doubly shameful that these outrages should be enacted in the great Republic. The facts are correctly given by The Arena; but it does not convey the true idea to say that Christians are being per-secuted by Christians. Christians do not persecute. People professing to be Chris-tians may, and do persecute, but to be a Christian indeed is to be a follower of Christ, to walk even as he walked; and Christ never persecuted. The profound veneration which we believe the editor of The Arena has for " the man Christ Jesus" should enable him to see that no persecutor is in any proper sense entitled to bear the name of Him who said, " Love your en-emies." NUMBER 3 of the Religious Liberty Library, published by the National Re-ligious Liberty Association, is one of the ablest papers which we have ever read. The subject is "Church and State," and the author, James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar, treats it in a most thorough and able, yet intensely interesting manner. Those who have read Mr. Ringgold's ex-cellent work, " The Law of Sunday," and his very able article, " Sunday Laws in the United States," in the American Law Register, for November, need not be told that he is master of his subject. " Church and State " has sixty pages, and sells for ten cents per copy, including postage. Address the publishers, 267 W. Main Street, Battle Creek, Mich. 4  Extra copies of the SENTINEL, of Jan-uary 5, will be furnished at the rate of $1 per hundred. You can get nothing better for circulation among your friends and neighbors. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address,, per year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c. 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c. it 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. 500 to 999 " " " " - 65c. 1000 or more <4 " " - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New YOrig Qty, THE Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has again affirmed the Sunday law of that State, this time in the case of Thomas Matthews. Mr. Matthews was convicted under the act of 1794, which provides thatŠ If any person shall do or perform any worldly ern_ ployment or business on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday (works of necessity and charity only excepted), . . . every such person so offending shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay $4 to be levied by distress; or in case he or she shall re-fuse or neglect to pay the said sum, or goods and chattels can not be found, whereof to levy the same by distress, he or she shall suffer six days' imprison-ment in the house of correction of the proper county. The Supreme Court in affirming the de-cision of the lower court, gives as its opin-ion that the law upon the subject is plain, and it could do nothing but interpret it as it did and confirm Mr. Matthews' con-viction. The court says that the framers of the act of 1794 could not foresee the growth of newspapers, or that they would possibly have exempted them from the provisions of the act. The court, in con-clusion, commends the act, but says that a too rigorous enforcement of its provisions may lead to its repeal, and that it is in more danger from its friends than from  its foes. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 