374 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday. He does not give a biblical reason, but says:Š "The change from the seventh day to'the first day -was made because the Lord rose the first day of the week. Saturday is Creation's day. Sunday is Redeem- Łer's day." Of the above,  change from the seventh day to the -first day there is not the slightest evidence to be found anywhere in the Bible. But the Bible does teach that -"creation's day"Šthe seventh dayŠis the "Redeemer's day," for it was Jesus, the Son of God, who made the Sabbath, (John 1:1-3; Heb. 1:1-3; Col. 1:14-18; Gen. 2:2, 3); and it is his holy day (Neh. 9:11-14). The remainder of his sermon was devoted largely to disclaiming against Sunday theaters, banquets, excur-sions, and Sunday trains, selling of ice cream, tobacco, base-ball games, Sunday newspapers, etc. Concerning base-ball, he said:Š "Sunday base ball has become a disorderly nuisance in Utica as well as elsewhereŠa disturber of peace and comfort, a defiant trampler upon our Sabbath day rights. It frequently interferes with the quiet burial of the dead in Forest Hill with its boisterousness. It crowds the street cars with those whose language and demeanor are decidedly objectionable. It robs those re-siding near the ball grounds of their rest. It is an awful object lesson in lawlessness and irreverence." We are inclined to think with Mr. Barrows, that the "rooters" at Sunday ball games are not among the salt Łof the earth; but why it is any more objectionable to use bad language on Sunday than on any other day, is not quite clear to the writer. Swearing and billingsgate -are equally sinful and objectionable seven days in the -week. It is to be deplored that the quiet interment of the dead is interfered with on Sunday. But what about -other days? We have heard no protest against Tues-day ball, and to our certain knowledge a hideous noise is sometimes made at the week-day games. People are buried on these days, too. Why is it worse to interfere with a funeral on Sunday than on other days? The writer believes that the moral tendency of the theater is not good; yet it is not clear how it can be any worse to go to a theater on Sunday than on any other day. Why single out the Sunday theater, and say noth-ing concerning the theaters, concerts, etc., during the week. Are we to understand that the Rev. Barrows sanctions them the other six days? We apprehend that the trouble now is the same as in the fourth century when the clergy petitioned the em-peror that the shows might be transferred from Sunday to some other day, assigning as a reason that the peo-ple congregate more to the circus than to the church. Then the preachers had lost the power over the masses, and sought for: the power of civil law to bring them to church. Will history repeat itself? Doubtless. .4, Only fifteen days more. See page 382. Count Tolstoi on General Disarmament. COUNT LEO TOLSTOI, the Russian, is one of the most unique figures of international prominence in the world to-day. The chief basis of this distinction is his opposi-tion to war, which he opposes upon the principle of obedience to the divine command, "Thou shalt not kill." Surrounded by the features of active militarism which the Russian governments presents, his peace-loving per Ł sonality is all the more striking. In the czar's under-taking for the promotion of peace among the nations, Count Tolstoi naturally takes a deep interest; and in reply to a letter written him from Sweden, signed by a number of prominent men, he has expressed his views on the question of the means by which international dis-armament can be realized. He declares there is_ only one way in which this is possible, and that is by individual refusal to perform military duty. It must become a matter of conscience, and therefore a matter for individual decision. The lan-guage of Count Tolstoi on the subject is a tribute to the value of individualism, and expresses a divine truth to which every lover of personal liberty should adhere. His words may welt be given the widest possible circu-lation, and to this end we quote the following para-graphs:Š "As to the people who, from conscientious motives, refuse to do military service, experience teaches that every government treats them as the Russian govern-ment has treated the Doukobors, though perhaps in less cruel fashion. While Russia is announcing to the whole world her alleged message of peace, she is torturing, de-stroying, and expelling the most peaceful beings of the Muscovite domain, simply because these unsophisticated subjects are religiously convinced that it is wrong to kill their fellow-being who are not criminals, even if ordered to do so by the authorities. We find things not much better in this matter in Austria, Russia, France, Sweden, Switzerland. Spain, and even Holland. Since these gov-ernments rule their subjects by force, which is issued mainly by a disciplined army, they cannot consent to a diminution of this force and hearken to the scruples of individuals. If they would consent to this there would be barely enough soldiers to compel people to labor for their living. Nobody likes to kill or be killed. "The Liberals, Socialists, and other so-called pro-gressionists may imagine that their eloquent speeches in Parliament and assemblies, their unions, their strikes and their brochures, are very important for the progress of mankind, and that the refusal of individuals to render military service is an insignificant social phenomenon, which is not worth heeding; but the governments know better what is important and what is unimportant. They willingly permit thundering speeches in parlia-ments and socialistic demonstrations, because they know that such movements are quite useful, for thus the attention of the nations is diverted from these means of emancipation which are really dangerous to governmen-tal stability. "What the governments fear more than anything else is the awakening of individual worth in their sub- 