Equal and axact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or cer8ua8ion, Feligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JULY 14, 1892. NUMBER 27. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, By THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. 1VIcKEE. A UNION of religion and the State is only another name for Church and State. is a distinction without--s difference. 1--°Š AT last the Ch,ristiotn Statesman has spoken concerning the imprisonment of Adventists in Tennessee, but only to mis-represent the persecuted and to justify the persecution. _0_ WITH characteristic malignity and in utter, disregard of the published facts, the Statesman says of the imprisoned Adven-tists that " for the sake of arousing sym-pathy, they refused to pay their fines and went to jail." ŠoŠ IN order to present the matter in the worst possible light. the . miscalled Chris-tian Statesman mentioned only the one dollar fine, evidently designing to give the impression that by the payment of one dollar each, the convicted men could have kept out of prison. The fact is that while the nominal fine was one dollar each, the fine imposed by the statute in each docketed case is five dollars for each of three State funds, making a total of fifteen dollars in addition to the nominal fine. This with some ten dollars' costs in each case made over twenty-five dollars that each of these Adventists would: have been compelled to pay as a price of his liberty. Š0Š BUT it was not the amount of the fine and costs that caused these men to go to jail; it was the principle involved. Neither was it, as the Statesman wickedly asserts, to awaken sympathy. They  could not conscientiously pay fines im-posed upon them for exercising a God-given right. This fact had been previously pub-lished in THE SENTINEL SO that the States-man is without excuse in making the state-ment that it does. IN misrepresenting these Adventists as it does, the Statesman shows that it is ut-terly incapable of appreciating or of even recognizing moral. heroism. The States-man can, parrot-like, laud the heroes of past ages who surrendered their physical liberty and even laid down their lives ' rather than surrender their soul-liberty, but it can not recognize the same principle in a small and unpopular minorityŠ" one seventh of one per cent.," as the States-man sneeringly puts it. Š0Š THE situation in Tennessee, as stated by Judge Hammond in the case of R. M. King, is this :Š Sectarian religious belief is guaranteed by the Constitution, not in the sense argued, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other, as a Jew, or yet another, as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation, . . . but only in the sense that he himself should not be disturbed in the practices of his creed; which is quite a different thing from saying that . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. Now let the editors of the Christian Statesman apply this principle in their own cases. One of them at least is, we believe, a Presbyterian. As such he believes that sprinkling is the proper mode of baptism, and doubtless both the editors so hold. They also believe in baptizing infants. Now suppose they lived in a State were Baptists had control of legislation. And suppose that the Baptii0s should make a law requiring everybody on arriving at a certain age to submit to immersion. Would the editors of the Statesman meekly bow to such a law ? Would they pay fines imposed for disregarding the law, even if it did not forbid them to practice sprinkling? Certainly not, unless they are  governed entirely by policy, and regard the State as God. 'Š IT was for this very principle that thou-sands of the early Christian martyrs laid down their lives. They were left free to worship the true God, but were required to show respect to the prevailing religion to the extent Łof throwing a pinch of in-cense into the fire in honor of Jupiter. But they went to the stake rather than do it, just as the Tennessee Adventists go to jail, and would doubtless face death itself, rather than prove disloyal to their con-victions of duty toward God. Ł " Chris-tianity is not a religion of circumstances but of principles." Š0Š THE Statement sent out first by the As-sociated Press and extensively copied by papers everywhere that the States of Michigan and Ohio had sent in petitions for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair representing nearly two millions more people than their late census shows to be in both States, is denied upon the author-ity of the Secretary of the World's Colum-bian Commission. We credited the state-ment because the system of representative petitions makes such a result possible, and does confessedly count the same person as a petitioner as many times as he has mem-bership in organizations indorsing the pe-tition. ŠoŠ THE following paragraph is from the Christian Statesman, of June 4 :Š The Christian Nation accuses the editors of the Christian Statesman of being voters (italics in original) and of favoring "ballot reform." We plead guilty and hope for mercy. Recently we de-fended the Covenanter's right not to vote, and we do not believe Covenanters are generally repre-sented by the Nation editor when he refuses to re-spect our right to vote. The Nation editor believes in the Kingship of Christ, but only with a Cove-nanter premier, and so would have Covenanters withdraw from union work in the National Reform Association. Such persons are the worst enemies of National Reform and of the Covenanter Church. Though not intended, this paragraph from the Statesman contains an important 