24 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. Vol. 4, No. 3. JILI2e Ar72eitica ger2tir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 6, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. NEXT week we shall publish in full, the let-ter which Cardinal Gibbons wrote to W. F. Crafts, on the strength of which 7,200,000 names were counted as affixed to the petitiongt for a National Sunday Law. The letter itself is the most complete refutation of the claim that the Cardinal signed the petition officially in behalf of the Roman Catholics. But our comments upon the letter will accompany it next week. THE Minneapolis Tribune, of October 31, says:Š " The Pope advises peaceful agitation by Catholics in America, looking to the restora-tion to him of temporal power." And in their efforts to restore to the Pope his temporal power in Rome, they will be sure to secure their own political power in this coun-try; and the political religionists of Protest- antism are helping them. Ł  THE Union !Signal, the organ of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, gives the AMERICAN SENTINEL a notice, and says of it, among other' things, " The paper antag-onizes the very things we advocate." We are sorry to know that. The AMERICAN SENTINEL antagonizes nothing except union of Church and State, or religious legislation by the civil Government, which is the same thing. The Union Signal evidently understands this, for it mentions " religious legislation " as the thing to which the SENTINEL is opposed, and therefore it declares itself an advocate of such legislation. We have been severely censured for saying this in the past, but we hope we may be absolved now that the organ of the W. C. T. U. has declared for union of Church and State. 4  NEXT week the Sentinel will contain, among other live matter, a quite full report of the proceedings of the meeting held in Oakland, January 22, for the purpose of influencing legislation in behalf of a State Sunday law, and also a review of the remarks of Senator Blair before the U. S. Senate, December 21, in behalf of his Educational Amendment Bill. These will be articles that nobody will want to miss. When you have read them, lend your paper to your neighbor. Better still, induce him to subscribe between now and then, so that he will have the Sentinel for himself, and then you can lend yours to somebody else. But then the same thing would work with him, too, and you ought to keep your papers for future reference. We don't see any other way for you to do than to induce everybody_ near you to subscribe. See if you cannot do that. A GENTLEMAN writes to us from a town in Illinois, to state that he has been a lay mem-ber of the M. E. Church for seventy years, and has never heard either a minister or a lay member express a desire for a union of Church and State. We don't doubt his word in the least, but it doesn't prove anything. Fifty men might swear that they never saw a certain other man commit a theft, and yet that other man might be a highway robber. One man's ignorance can never be used as an offset to another's knowledge. We have heard and seen such a wish expressed many times. AndŁ what is more to the point, there are thousands who would indignantly repudiate any such desire, who are nevertheless zealously work-ing for the same object under another name. Ł I. IN our last issue but one we mentioned the great pressure upon the columns of the SENTI-NEL, and said we hoped that a change might soon come in the shape of more frequent pub-lication. The change has come sooner than we dared hope, and with the last number we began the weekly publication of the SENTINEL. This volume will consist of forty-eight num-bers, of which this is the second.- We are sure that our friends will be glad for the change. For twice the money that they have been paying, they will receive nearly four times as much reading matter. This, of course, is not financially to the benefit of the publishers, but we hope that our efforts will meet with so hearty a response in the way of subscriptions, that the loss will be counter-balanced. 4 Ł le THE Catholic Home, a paper published in Chicago, referring to the movement which is getting under headway in that city, "to abol-ish the Sunday slavery, and to suppress Sun-day crime," says the Catholic sentiment in that city, which has lain so long dormant un-der flagitious outrage, is now awakening and is anxious to do battle for home and altar, and declares that new vigor will now be put into the struggle of good citizenship against anarchy. The statement that the movement is for the suppression of "Sunday crime," shows what their idea of good citizenship is. It is strange that they cannot see that such a movement, instead of being against anarchy, is in reality in favor of disregard to the laws; for by their opposition to "Sunday crime," they give tacit leave to criminals to break the laws on other days with impunity. ., Ł IN the recent Illinois Sunday Convention, Dr. Herrick Johnson, 'in a speech against Sunday newspapers and special Sunday trains, exclaimed: "Oh, for the breath of the Puritan! Oh, for a little of the Puritan Sabbath !" When it is remembered that in the days of the Puritans everybody was compelled to at-tend church on Sunday, it will be seen that our conclusion that the Blair Sunday Bill is in reality a bill to increase the attendance at church, is fully warranted. The following items from the laws of the Puritans of Con-necticut will shoW what may be expected when the churches, under the leadership of  such men as Dr. Johnson and Dr. Crafts, com-bine to revive Puritan customs and the Puri-tan Sabbath:Š " No one shall be a freeman, or give a vote, unless he be converted, and a member in full communion of one of the churches allowed in this dominion." "No man shall hold any office who is not sound in the faith and faithful to this domin-ion; and whoever shall give a vote to such a person shall pay a fine of one pound. For a second offense he shall be disfranchised."ŠClarke's History of Intolerance. That is a picture of the final result of the legislation which Senator Blair has intro-duced; the people who read this will not have to live many years before they see the reality. Ł Ł -Ł OUR watchful and vigorous contempory, the American Sentinel, of Oakland, is making a val-liant war against the fanatics who are at-tempting to chain us to a national or Chris-tian Sunday. Although the movement is led by a false Shepard [Col. Elliott F.], and al-though the whole thing is false, all liberty-loving people should remember that false-hoods often prevail when not checked by truth.ŠJewish Times and Observer. Ł THE business of Sunday legislation, or rather the attempts thereat, is now thriving in this State. A bill has already been intro-duced into the California Senate, making it a misdemeanor to conduct, maintain, or open, a bull-fight, bear-fight, prize-fight, cock-fight, horse-race, gambling-game, or to conduct or visit a dive or melodeon on a Sunday. No doubt the framer of that bill thinks that he has done, a very pious act, and is blissfully unconscious that by that very act he has virtually declared that it is all right to do any of those things on any other day than Sunday. Thus a premium is put upon vice, by the very law which is claimed to be op-posed to it. And this will always be found to be the case in religious legislation by the State. It ever has been and ever will be only a cloak for the commission of greater Crimes than were committed before. FOLLOWING is the Roman Catholic idea of popular education, as set forth by the Catholic Review of April, 1871 :Š We do not indeed prize as highly as some of our countrymen appear to do, the ability to read, write, and cipher. Some men are born to be leaders, and the rest are born to be led. The best ordered and administered State is that in which the few are well edu-cated, and lead, and the many are trained to obedience. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Uonstitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. .- It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1055 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAI. 