AMERICAN SENTINEL. 297 to get at the black devils. We struck Santa Ana, the insurgent headquarters first, and after an hour's hot work we had the town in flames and what was left of the Filipinos running like frightened sheep. When we stopped shelling Santa Ana the First California regi-ment entered, and what we had not burned they finished with a vengeance. Their motto, as well as that of the other regiments, is, 'The only good Filipino is a dead one; take no prisoners, as lead is cheaper than rice.'" A sergeant-major, in a letter denouncing the sav-agery of the Filipinos, writes:Š "I will venture the prediction that if we ever make an advance through the country that advance will go down in history as one of the most pitilessly cruel of modern times. Can you blame us if we should thus war on a people who come up to you with a white flag in one hand and a knife in the other, and where the men disguise themselves as women to accomplish their design?" From these and other letters the evidence is clear that the "benevolent assimilation" of the Filipinos is not being conducted even according to the demands of "civilized warfare." And this is being done by the rep-resentatives of the Government which went to the Phil-ippines to rescue the inhabitants from barbarism and Spanish cruelty, and to confer on them the blessings of American civilization! We have nothing to say in defense of the barbarity of the natives. They have acted like savages, no doubt: though it is to be noted that they hold a number of American prisoners whom they have treated well, and evidently do not consider that the only good American is a dead one. Nothing else than barbarism is to be ex-pected of savages, and it was to uplift them from such degradation, we are told, that American civilization was sent to the islands. But how long will it take to civilize the people of those islands when their would-be civilizers act like savages themselves? The truth is that war is a savage business at the best, and is best conducted by those who have most of the savage in their makeup. It is not the promoter, but the destroyer of civilization. 4 11 Looking After Trouble. New York " World." WITHIN a week after the reception of the complacent declaration of Admiral Kautz that he was "boss" in Apia we are told that the Samoan troubles are thicken-ing, that the cessation of hostilities has been misunder-stood, that the Samoans are full of fight, that Apia is menaced, and that it will be absolutely necessary to slaughter a few thousand more of these poor savages in the assertion of the supremacy of that faraway protec-torate of which our admiral is "the boss." With the Samoans in their war canoes moving up to be mowed down by our rapid-fire guns it would be idle to talk of our withdrawing. The fight is on and it must  be fought out. But it may not be idle to point out that our share in the Samoan trouble is wholly of our own seeking, and that if we had let the Samoans alone and had refused to have anything to do with their quarrelsŠwhich were none of our concernŠthey would never have troubled us. And it is worth while further to point out that if we keep out of the Chinese complications the Chinese will let us alone. But if we once take a hand in the Chinese question, which is merely the Samoan question on a tremendously larger scale, we shall pull down on our. selves an avalanche of trouble compared with which the Samoan difficulty will be not worth considering. Why should we go far abroad for troubles and prob-lems and "white men's burdens?" Haven't we enough at home? Right by Virtue of Might. THE American forces are driving all before them in the Philippines, and are daily demonstrating the im-mense superiority of the force employed by the Govern-ment in the islands, to the force which the natives are able to employ against it. Suppose, however, that the situation were reversed; that the native forces were driving the Americans before them, and that every prospect pointed to the speedy establishment of their complete supremacy in the islands. Under such circumstances, would it be regarded as the duty of this Government to take and hold the islands? Would it be said that this was our "manifest destiny"? Would it be even said that the Filipinos were not right in wishing to be independent and in refusing all govern-ment that was not by their own consent? Is it the manifest destiny and high duty of this nation to deliver people who are under the oppression of a great power, the same as (we are told) it is to de-liver the people of the Philippines from the compara-tively weak despotisms which would flourish there if the American forces were withdrawn? Consider, for example, the oppressed people of Rus-sia,Šthe Stundists and others who are banished to the Siberian mines and in many ways subjected to the most inhuman treatment. These poor peopleŠand there are many thousand of them tooŠwould be far better off in the Philippines than they are in Russia; they would be much more free to enjoy "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" under the rule of Aguinaldo and his chiefs than they are under the crushing church-and-state des-potism that rules in the name of the czar. But would the United States consider for a moment that it had the right to overthrow the Russian government and bring to its millions of down-trodden subjects the blessings of liberty, etc., which it is now bringing, as it says, to the Filipinos? Certainly this nation would not think of claiming any such right, although "duty to humanity" confers 