4.44 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY.  Civil and Religious Marriages Again. "It is well-known," says the Lutheran Witness, commenting upon the question of civil marriage in Cuba, "that the Roman Catholic does not recognize the vai:dity of any marriage ceremony which has been solemnized by any one not a priest of his church. Ac-cordingly, in countries where the Roman Catholic is the state religion, no civil marriages are permitted. This was the case, e. g., in Cuba and Porto Rico un-der Spanish rule. The exorbitant fees charged by the priests for performing the marriage ceremony brought about a great looseness in morals and a prevalence of concubinage. When our authorities took charge of the islands they, of course, sought for means and ways of abolishing this state of affairs. In his endeavors in this direction the governor-general of Cuba jumped to the opposite extreme by forbidding all except civil marriages." It is denied, however, by the Catholic Standard and Times of Philadelphia, that civil marriages were not permitted in Cuba under Spanish rule. Be that as it may, however, the American governor-general certainly made a serious mistake in decreeing that all marriages should be civil. Those who for any reason prefer the religious ceremony are certainly entitled to it. From the standpoint of the state marriage is merely a civil contract. But Roman Catholics are taught from childhood that it is "one of the seven sac-raments of the church." In the eyes of a Catholic a civil magistrate might just as well assume to admin-ister baptism as to celebrate marriage. However erro-neous this view may be, there is no reason why the state should interfere with it. It is all right to require the clergyman to report all marriages to the proper civil officer and to safeguard the rights of the con-tracting parties by requiring them to procure a' license, etc., but to require that the vows be exchanged before the magistrate, and that he alone shall have authority . to declare the parties husband and wife, is an unwar-ranted interference in religious belief and practice. The Lutheran Witness very properly says that "the State cannot relinquish its right to superin-tend and guard the institution of matrimony." Nor should the State by any means recognize only religious marriages. But we cannot agree that "if the govern-ment of our country should see fit at any time. to take away from our pastors the right to solemnize marriage and restrict it to the civil authorities, we Christians with a good conscience might content ourselves with holding a divine service in which the divine blessing is implored upon the already married couple, in ac-cordance with the word of Paul that 'everything is sanctified by the Word of God and by prayer.' " While we do not hold that the religious ceremony is essen-tial, we do hold that to forbid it or even to make it  secondary to a:civil ceremony before a officer is an u,nwarranted abuse of- civil- power, an infringement of religious liberty. The American authorities in Cuba should haken to correct the wrong they have done not only to Roman Catholics but to pious, self-re- specting Protestants as well. B. A New Origin of Labor Troubles. The editor of "Sunday Reform Leaflets" suggests a new cause of "labor troubles, strikes and riots." Strikes are not due to injustice and oppression on the part of employers, as many have mistakenly supposed, but to the low moral state of the working men, due to the general laxity of the Sunday laws!.  When the labor forces come to understand this they will of course cease to strike for better wages, for the recognition of labor organizations, etc., and will strike only and always for Sunday laws that will her-metically seal everything on Sunday except the churches, prohibit the Sunday paper, and give free rein only to the Sunday preachers. NOT OPPOSED TO RELIGION. The writer is not opposed to religion, but is most decidedly opposed to any and all attempts to force re-ligion upon anybody; and that is the real design of Sunday legislation. Everybody ought to be religious. Everybody ought to keep the Sabbath. Everybody ought to go to church. Everybody ought to help to support the gospel,. But nobody ought to be compelled to do any nor all of these things. The gospel is not force, but love. It does not drive men, but beseeches them. It does not threaten punishment, but offers pardon from a penalty already incurred. In all of which 'the gospel of the Son of God is very unlike the gospel of the legally enforced Sunday. 33. Whither Are We Drifting? The American Law Review is the leading law pub-lication of this country. In its issue of May-June the American Law Review has an editorial that should be read by every American citizen. In this editorial the editor of the American Law Review paid an entirely deserved tribute to the character of the queen of Eng-land and concluded his remarks thus : "Many of us feel that she is in a sense our queen, and whenever she wants the American boys to fight for her honor, or even for tier political rights, they will embark or cross the Canadian frontier for that pur-pose in such numbers as will tax British resources to arm and equip themŠevery one of them 'spoiling for fight,' and .they will acquit themselves as gallantly as their Canadian cousins have done in South Africa." 