298 A.1011EIRICA.N SMINTTI.INTIFAL. Von. 11, No. 38. standing, that the king inquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm. And Daniel continued even until the first year of King Cyrus." The next account we have of any of the public acts of Daniel we find him among the wise men of the kingdom. He is condemned to die with them because of their inability to interpret the king's dream, recorded in the second chapter. In this matter also he shows remarkable tact, and after gaining time for prayer he saves not only his own life but the lives of all the wise men of Babylon by mak-ing known to the king his dream and the in-terpretation thereof. Daniel's Reward and His Request for His Friends. For interpreting the dream Daniel was highly honored. The king first commanded that an offering be made to him. But to this the prophet evidently objected, declaring that to God belonged the glory; for "the king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is that your God is a God of gods, and Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, seeing thou couldst reveal this secret. Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole' province of Babylon, and chief of the gov-ernors over all the wise men of Babylon." And so far was Daniel from refusing all part in civil affairs, and from saying that since his citizenship was in heaven he could not participate in the affairs of earthly govern-ments, that he "requested of the king, and he [the king] set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego [Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah] over the affairs of the province of Babylon." How long Daniel's three friends retained their positions before their religion brought them into conflict with the king we are not told, but a severe trial was in store for them. As recorded in the third chapter of Daniel, the king made a great image and caused this proclamation to be made: "0 people, nations, and languages, that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of music, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up: And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace." Deliberately Disobeyed a Royal Mandate. The three Hebrews exalted to high office at the request of Daniel, were present upon this occasion and heard the sound of the music, but remembering the command, "Thou shalt not bow down to them, nor serve them," they deliberately disobeyed the king's de- cree. " Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near and accused the Jews. They spake and said to the king Nebuchad-nezzar, 0 king, live for ever. Thou, 0 king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of music, shall fall down and worship the golden image: And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego; these men, 0 king, have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up."4  The king then summoned the culprits be- Dan. 3: 4-6. 4  Dan. 3: 8-12. fore him and offered them another opportu-nity to obey him, assuring them that a failure to respect his authority would be swiftly pun-ished by death in the burning fiery furnace. " Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego an-swered and said to the king, 0 Nebuchadnez-zar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, 0 king. But if not, be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." Their Punishment. From the king's standpoint this was a most high-handed and flagrant defiance of his au-thority, and he attempted to visit it with swift and condign punishment. To suffer such insubordination was in his eyes to for-feit the respect of all his subjects and invite anarchy. The integrity of his throne de-manded prompt action. The three men were hastily bound and hurried to the furnace, heated seven times hotter than it was wont to be heated. Into this scathing caldron of fire these men, only a short time before occupy-ing some of the highest official positions in the gift of the king, were cast. " And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace." Their Vindication. But while from the standpoint of the king they merited only death, the God whom they honored and who had clothed them with cer-tain inalienable rights, who himself had or-dained civil government, not to rule over the consciences of men but to secure, among others, the very right which was by the king denied these men, made bare his arm for their deliverance. " Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, 0 king. He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God. Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shad-rach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, came forth of the midst of the fire. And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's coun-selors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them." Daniel's Trial and Triumph. Daniel was not involved in this matter, for what reason does not appear. It seems prob-able, however, that his office of counselor did not require his presence on this occasion, while his three companions being more actively engaged in the affairs of government were doubtless prominent figures in all public functions. But Daniel's time of trial was coming. The kingdom had changed rulers, but Daniel was still in public life. He did not find the service of his fellowmen any bar to the service of God. He did not reason that because Babylon was a pagan kingdom he could have nothing to do with it except to live in it, with- Dan. 3: 16-18. 6  Dan. 3: 23. 7  Dan. 3: 29-27. out renouncing his heavenly citizenship. On the contrary he recognized the fact that while rendering to the king and to his fellow-cit-izens their due he could also render to God that which was due to him. The sequel shows that in Daniel's mind the limits of civil au-thority were clearly drawn. With him the right of conscience was dearer than life itself. Neither political patronage nor fear of the royal disfavor could swerve him from the path of duty or lead him to surrender his God-given rightsŠrights the exercise of which he could not forego without yielding to man that which belonged alone to God. The sixth chapter of Daniel tells the story of Daniel's trial and of his triumph. Being of easy access to all we shall not quote it here. Suffice it to say that whereas his three companions had been required to do an act expressly forbidden by the second command-ment, Daniel was by a general law binding alike upon all Darius' subjects, forbidden to ask any petition of any God or man for thirty days save of the king only. Prayer, and espe-cially prayer open to the observation of the pub-lic, is not directly required by the law of God. Indeed the Saviour taught that the closet was the proper place for prayer, so that from one standpoint it would appear that Daniel might very properly have ceased to pray, except mentally, for thirty days, and that without any abandonment of principle and without incurring moral guilt. But viewed from another standpoint, and as we believe the right standpoint, to have complied in any degree with the king's decree forbidding prayer to God for thirty days, would have been a violation of the first com-mandment, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me." To have admitted the right of the king to forbid prayer for thirty days, or for any time whatever, would have been to admit his right to forbid all service to God for all time, and that would have been to put the king in the place of God, and so to violate the first commandment. Nor are we left in doubt upon this point. Daniel's miraculous deliverance from the lions is positive evidence that God approved his course, and shows that the Christian citizen, even though he be a public official, can, while rendering to Csar the things which are Cmsar's," render also "to God the things that are God's." Christianity does not require, nor even permit men to use force in matters of conscience, neither does legitimate civil au-thority, the power ordained of God for the preservation of natural rights, warrant any invasion of God's realm, the sacred precincts of the soul. Ł 0- Ł THE PRIEST POLITICIAN. THE term "priest" may seem a strange one to be applied, by any man in his senses, to an official of the government; and such it is. Nevertheless it was thus used in all seri- ousness in a discourse delivered at the late Christian Endeavor convention in Washing-ton, D. C., by one of the leading speakers at that gathering, " Evangelist " B. Fay Mills. This discourse was given Sunday, July 12. Mr. Mills read from his Bible the words os Rev. 5: 6: " And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne . . a Lamb, as it had been slain," and proceeded to apply the text after his own fancy to the affairs of civil,gov-ernment. By the aid of his imagination he drew from it the conclusion that the " slain Lamb"ŠChristŠshould be legally recognized. 