AMERICAN SENTINEL. 167 the day of the HUD, which the greater portion of the chu rch had appropriated in imitation of the pagans. The controversy created by this state of things became so marked that the emperor interfered, and in the year-321 issued the following edict:Š "Let all the judges and townspeople, and the occu-pation of all trades rest on the venerable day of the sun; but let those who are situated in the country, freely and at full liberty attend to the business of agriculture, be-cause it often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn and planting vines; lest, the critical moment being let slip, men should lose the commodities granted by Heaven." Two things about this edict of Constantine are worthy of attention. First, it calls the day to be ob-served "the venerable day of the sun," thus retaining its pagan name and character. There is not a single hint that the emperor sought to enforce it as a Christian 'institution. It was simply the old reverend day of the sun. From all that appears, the pagan sentiment alone was all the edict sought to instil. Second, it assumed the right of the emperor to exempt some from the ob-servance of the day, while holding others rigidly to it, thus showing that the law haŁd its origin in the decree of the empire alone. In other words, it was the assumed au-thority of a secular ruler to control the consciences of his subjects in any way that suited him. Four years later, having in the meantime nominally connected himself with Christianity, the emperor convened the Council of Nice, which was made entirely subservient -to his will. Two questions were to be settled; one relat-ing to the Arian controversy, and the other respecting the proper day on which to celebrate Easter. The latter question was one of the principle reasons for calling the council. It seems that the eastern churches up to that time had kept that ordinance on the fourteenth day of the moon, without regard to the day of the week, just as the Jews had always done in observing the passover. Those churches, however, which had fallen under the in-fluence of Rome, were determined to have that festival fall on Sunday.ŠBoyle's Hist. of the Council of Nice, p. 22. This important question, like others, was settled by the emperor, who had before "assumed to himself the external administration of the church." In a letter to the churches, in which he directs all to yield to the decrees of the council, he says that when the question came up, 'it seemed to everyone a most unworthy thing that we should follow the custom of the Jews in the celebration of this most holy solemnity." He then assumes the re-sponsibility to call the Jews "polluted wretches," and ex-horts all to "have nothing in common with the most hostile rabble of the Jews."ŠIbid., p. 52. The letter closes with thefoliowing solemn assurance that the decree of the council is the will of God: "This being the case, receive with cheerfulness the heavenly and true divine command. For whatever is transacted in the holy coun-cils of the bishops, is to be referred to the divine will. Wherefore, having announced to our beloved brethren  what has been already written, it is your duty to receive. and establish the arguments already stated, and the observance of the most holy day."ŠPage 54. The adoption of Christianity in theory by Constan-tine, while still maintaining the forms of paganism, was but to blend the two systems into one, and so produce the papacy. The Council of Nice forged the implements of persecution which were destined to prove greater than any the "seed of the woman" had hitherto endured. Matt. 24:21. By the bishops of the church voting in that council voting to make the decrees of the emperor the creed of the church, the union- of the church and state, under the papacy, was permanently effected, and power was given the civil government to enforce religious dog- mas of pagan origin upon its subjects. J. 0. C. IN a Roman Catholic church in Pueblo, Mexico, there was recently posted the following notice, which was seen and read by Rev. Francis S. Borton, a Protestant mis- sionary, who sent a transcript of the same to the Chris-tian Endeavor World:Š "Raffle for Souls. ŁAt the last Raffle for Souls the following numbers obtained the prize, and the luckyhold-ers may be assured that their loved ones are forever re-leased from the flames of Purgatory:Š "Ticket 841. The soul of the lawyer, James Vas-quey, is released from Purgatory and ushered into heav-enly joys. "Ticket 41. The soul of Madame Calderon is made happy forever. "Ticket '762. The soul of the aged widow, Fran-cisca de Parras, is forever released from the flames of Purgatory. ' Another raffle for souls will be held at this same blessed Church of the Redeemer on January 1st, at which four bleeding and tortured souls will be released from Purgatory to Heaven, according to the four highest tickets in this most holy lottery. Tickets, one dollar. To be had of the Father in charge. Will you, for the poor sum of one dollar, leave your loved ones to burn in Purgatory for ages?" This is Romanism "at home," where her true nature is most clearly seen. What the Roman religion is in Mexico, and in South America, that it is in its real na ture here in the United States. Of this there can be no question whatever. And it is evident that it is the same now as it was when the monk Tetzel went through Ger- many peddling his "indulgences," which roused the in- dignation of Luther and started him upon the work of the Reformation. DR. HATHAWAY, Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, recently had a conference with the officials of the Pennsylvania Railroad respecting Sunday excur-sions. He states that they declared they would be glad to give them up altogether if other railroad lines would cooperate. 