AMERICAN SENTINEL. 163 no just ground for any claim whatever, and because we are securely intrenched by facts that show that no Prot-estant church in this republicŠthe Southern Methodist Church not exceptedŠcan afford to have that claim passed by the Senate, signed by the President and paid. "We have it from authorities that command national respect and confidence that hundreds of other claimants are behind this Southern Methodist bill for indemnity and damages. Millions of dollars' worth of greedy clamor awaits this successful award. Among them are Roman Catholic claims that will open the eyes of this nation, but when it will be too late. Some Roman claims already have been granted, and some of our own churchmen de-clare that `it is right, therefore, that some of the public money should go to Protestants.' Four of our eminent ministers recently have said just that to this writer. "The Methodist claim, as we firmly believe and have sound reason to hold, has been advanced and put through the House by the combined, massed, concentrated, and therefore irresistible influence of the friends of other claims already formulated and awaiting the `breaking of the jam,' as pine-log herders say of their river work in the spring. We therefore do not marvel at the wonder and surprised gratitude of that same Cincinnati banquet speaker who emphasized his astonishment that a claim that had never been able to pass a Democratic Congress is now in such a gratifying position in a Republican Con-gress. We are inclined to congratulate the Democrats upon their worldly wisdom and traditional astuteness! "Any man can stake his reputation upon the prophecy that this claim,if matured and paid, will presently be fol-lowed by insistent other claims for large sums which will get through because that Nashville demand has mani-fested so much importunity for a third of a century. If it were possible for our own Methodist Episcopal Church to make some large claim, American and all other Jesuits and American politicians would support it; and for two reasons : 1. Because they would reap enduring gratitude from the largest church in the United States; and 2. Be-cause the question of the precedent of a successful claim paid to the largest church in the republic would open the floodgates to the Roman greed which already has made New York City and other cities a very bonanza gold mine and replete and accessible treasury for the benefit of an unfillable maw. This historic Roman greed and its appe-tite for all that our national treasury can feed to it, is the correct, reasonable, and sufficient explanation to our Cincinnati banquet speaker why Republicans have done that which Democrats dared not. "Harpies, greedy seekers after federal gold and designing politicians are making cats' paws of our Southern brethren. These latter condemn us for resist-ing their claim, alleging that we are reactionist,' are unfraternal,' and'so on. For purposes in hand only, we must be entirely indifferent to that estimate, and we now return answer that we really honor them when we de-clare our belief that, if they properly weighed the facts sketched in this article, and shadowed in the entire series of this, our most recent opposition to their claim, they w( uld refuse to accept its proceeds and would indignantly decline to be made a precedent whereby our national Ł treasury will be looted to an extent that will make Meth-odism a reproach for two generations. Not for one mo-ment have we resisted the claim for motives like those attributed to us. Our grounds for opposition are far better than that. It is the old Roman Catholic Indian  school question over again. Protestants have decided to accept no more government Indian school money, be-cause it is a block, inside the treasury, to hold open the door while greed fills its lustful hands. ''This danger is real. The immense claims areformu-lated and await the golden hour in which mints will scarcely be able to coin money fast enough to pay con-structive, excessive, and outrageous damages to people whom the government has fostered and not harmed." A. T. J. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. THE call to W. C. T. U. work was the most wonderful part of its history. It was to the on-looker only an un-accountable popular uprising, but to those who were in it, it was upon the part of each woman a personal answer to a personal call of God. There were, of course, some women who simply joined the crusading crowd, and soon fell away; but those who stood by during the reaction-days, when crusade enthusiasm was succeeded by calm deliberation, and the routine of organization, did so because they had heard and understood the voice of God. That voice had broken in like a sudden shower of rain upon those souls everywhere that lived with their win-dows open toward the skies, and produced the same quickening in each.  "Bear ye one another's burdens," were the words set to the music of that rain. "I have promised that I would not leave the world comfortless," chided the voice which we knew and loved. "Wherefore, then, is it so nearly comfortless under the shadow of a great curse. Arise, ye daughters that are at ease, and help me to heal the hurt of the children of my people." I must draw from actual experiences to give a true color to this history; experiences which were almost as universal as they were personal. First of all was the experience of ignorance in the things of the world out of which we had all had a similar awakening. Woman had been shut in through all the generations. Fathers, lovers, and husbands had thought that because the world was so very evil, it must needs be that the home maker should be kept ignorant of it. They had not as yet conceived of the truth that ignorance is not purity. They felt that the home must be kept pure at all hazards. The growing boy must have the memory of a childhood amid holy surroundings to take with him when he made his inevitable plunge into the life that awaited him as a man; the secrets of which no pure woman must dream of, since she could not share them and live. Such was the reasoning of the world, and as a result we were in a much more literal sense, than I am sure Christ ever intended, "in the world and yet not of it." There was, as age came on, for almost every thought-ful woman. a rude awakening to the fact that men 