NOVEMBER 21, 1895. CAN SIR:IN9711INT101_,. 365 dictments against the Adventists, openly defied the law by compelling their hired help to pick berries on Sunday during the berry season of last summer. And it is such holier-than-thou hypocrites as these, who wantonly put some of our most honorable and industrious citizens to needless humiliation and trouble, besides plunging the county into a heavy bill of ex-pense. It is estimated that the persecution of the Adventists cost Rhea County, directly and indirectly, at least $2,000, and we haVe noth-ing to show for it only the gratified malice of a few fanatics. We want it distinctly understood that the LEADER does not advocate lawlessness of any kind; but we believe in even-handed justice. We do not believe in singling out any partic-ular class of our citizens for persecution, be-cause of alleged offenses thousands of other citizens are permitted to carry on with impun-ity. Let us have a fair deal, with the law en-forced impartially and no more persecution because of religious belief. NO SPECIAL LAW FOR SUNDAY. [The Sentinel, Kings County, Cal., Aug. 1.] THE only Sunday law that we need is to see that everybody behaves himself on Sunday as well as he does on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. We are tired of this " Sunday law " clatter. . . . As long as we are peaceful and obey the civil laws on Sunday we don't want any religionist to question or to dictate what we shall do on Sunday, or any other day, in a religious way. " Freedom to worship God" was one of the first songs of the Pilgrims, and why are people in this nineteenth century so little, so niggardly, so narrow-headed as to make or seek to make laws of religious force ? THE SUNDAY " LAW " IN CHICAGO. THE friends of religious liberty in Chicago have scored several victories against the Sun-day closers in that city, and bid fair to com-pletely rout the forces that have been com-bining during the past few months to bring Chicago under a despotic r6gime. In every contest, so far, the friends of freedom have come out ahead, and their repeated successes have made for them warm and influential friends throughout the city. On the 15th of July last the City Council passed an ordinance making it " unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop or carry on the business of shaving, hair-cutting, or tonsorial work on Sunday within the city of Chicago;" and, as a penalty for the violation of the foregoing provision, the ordinance declared that " any person, by himself, agent, or employ6, violating the pro-visions of Section 1 of this ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred ($200) dollars for each and every offense." The "law" passed by a vote of 48 to 15. Upon the passage of this ordinance, an asso-ciation of barbers and friends of religious lib-erty was formed and incorporated, and began a popular crusade against the so-called " law" on the ground that it was unconstitutional and void, and that therefore it had no proper place in the city code of law. For some weeks each of the opposing sides was strengthening its forces, and no open conflict other than arrests by the Sunday forces was discernable. But as October was drawing to a close, and failure of the Sunday cause appeared imminent, pressure was brought to bear upon the mayor of the city, who there- upon issued an order that the police of the city should see that all tonsorial work should cease on the venerable day of the sun. This brought things to a crisis. A committee of religious liberty advocates waited upon his honor and asked him to withdraw his order. He, as is usual in such cases, replied that he would not, that the "law " was there, and that it was his " duty to enforce the law as it stands upon the statute book," etc. The association opposing the Sunday "laws" then decided to go to the fountain-head of the evil, and to undertake its repeal. The attor-ney and counsel for the association, Mr. Ad-dison Blakely, Lecturer on Constitutional Law in the University of Chicago, drafted a repeal ordinance, as follows:Š AN ORDINANCE Repealing an ordinance making it unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop, or carry on the business of shaving, hair-cutting, or tonsorial work on Sunday, in the city of Chi-cago (passed July 14, 1895). Be it ordained by the City Council of the city of Chicago: Section 1. That the ordinance making it unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop or carry on the business of shaving, hair-cutting, or tonsorial work on Sunday within the city of Chi-cago, passed July 15, 1895, be and the same is hereby repealed. Section 2. This ordinance shall be in force from and after its passage. Within two weeks every alderman was in-terviewed, the situation explained, the nature and meaning of Sunday " laws " set forth, and their character as revealed in their work-ings shown. When the council met, the pe-titions were presented, the rules were sus-pended, and the ordinance drafted by Attor-ney Blakely was passed by the astonishing vote of 57 to 5. After showing up the real character of Sunday "laws," only five alder- men voted for the retention of the Sunday-closing ordinance. The Sunday forces now saw that they were fast losing ground and redoubled their efforts to keep the shops closed on Sundays. The president of the closing association said that they welcomed the hotter fight, and that they were never in such good fighting trim. "The fight is to be hotter than ever," he said to the newspapers, " and we expect many shops will open next Sunday. But the State law is all we need, and with the help of our friends we shall make the anti-closers weary of the fight. And while the repeal does not affect us, we will try to have the mayor veto it. That would strengthen our position." But the mayor did not veto it. He saw the direction that the wind was blowing and took in his sails. The Sunday forces then tried to have the vote reconsidered, but failed as sig-nally in, this as they had failed before, and they, then, perforce, succumbed temporarily to the inevitable. But they by no means did it gracefully. Threats of assault and battery were openly made, and personal violence was evidently determined upon. A burly fellow, rough and uncouth, followed a representative of the religious liberty party down the elevator at the suggestion to " throw him down the elevator," " smash him in the neck," "put him to sleep," and kept close behind him for several blocks from the city hall until the man boarded an electric car for his home. The Chicago Record, which has befriended the Sunday cause from the beginning, gives the following report of the events following the final defeat in the council:Š As soon as the mayor announced that the motion had been lost, Alderman Lawler tried to have the peti tion presented by the barbers referred to a committee, but he was opposed by Alderman Madden and the pe- tition was ordered printed. Then the barbers left the council chamber and gathered in the corridor. "It was all the mayor's fault," shouted one. " It was Alderman MaddenŠwe'll remember Mad-den," shouted another. And when one of the opposition barbers who had occupied a seat in the gallery passed, some one sug-gested that he be thrown down the elevator shaft. " Now we know who we've got to fight, and we're ready to go at it," said President Hoy. "We'll begin to-morrow and get up a monster petition and have it signed by all the barbers, grocery clerks, salesmen, butchers, and other clerks in the city who now have to work seven days in the week. Then we'll hold a big mass meeting in Central Music Hall, and when we've got the people thoroughly worked up we'll go before the City Council again and demand that an ordinance be passed under which the police will be compelled to close Sunday shops. Of course this ac-tion does not hurt the State law. That is still in force, and we propose to enforce it." At this juncture in the history of the con-troversy, several religions organizations which had been all the while lending their assistance to the work, came out openly in its support and raised contributions to help on the Sun- day-closing movement. Even a labor or ganization has come to their support and passed the following resolution :Š Resolved, That the Chicago Labor Congress, in reg ular session assembled, denounces in unmeasured terms the efforts of certain factions and individuals who are straining every nerve to make the Cody law inoperative. The whole interest will now center upon the controversy going on in the courts. The State's attorney is with the religious liberty party, and has ordered the prosecutions stopped. Both sides are sanguine of success. A representative of the Chronicle asked Attor-ney Blakely how the decision would go. " It [the statute] will undoubtedly be declared unconstitutional," was the reply. "But the other side tell me that there is not a shadow of doubt that the law will be upheld," was the rejoinder. "Under the circumstances," the attorney said with a laugh, " I presume we will have to leave the decision of the question to the Judge." HOW ARE THE POWERS THAT BE ORDAINED? * How are the " powers that be," ordained of God ? Are they directly and miraculously ordained, or are they providentially so ? Did God send a prophet or a priest to anoint Neb-uchadnezzar king of Babylon, or did he send a heavenly messenger, as he did to Moses and Gideon ? Neither. Nebuchadnezzar was king because he was the son of his father, who had been king. How did his father become king ? In 625 B. c. Babylonia was but a province of the empire of Assyria; Media was another. Both revolted, and at the same time. The king of Assyria gave Nabopolassar command of a large force, and sent him to Babylonia to quell the revolt, while he himself led other forces into Media, to put down the insurrec-tion there. Nabopolassar did his work so well in Babylonia that the king of Assyria rewarded him with the command of that province, with the title of King of Babylon. Thus we see that Nabopolassar received his power from the king of Assyria. The king of Assyria received his from his father, Arshur-bani-pal; Arshur-bani-pal received his from his father, Esar-haddon; Esar-haddon received his from his father, Sen-nacherib; Sennacherib received his from his father, Sargon; and Sargon received his from the troops in the field, that is, from the people. Thus we see that the power of the kingdom of Babylon, and of Nebuchad- * From Part I, " Rights of the People, or Civil Government and Religion." 