50 _A\.1V=ILIZAIC.A_N" fg]ElVIPEINT1H:11_,., VoL. 8, No. 7. his friend, Ex-Governor Porter, formerly judge of this judicial circuit and subse-quently chief magistrate of the State, should also be brought into the case. Some doubt was expressed as to the possi-bility of securing the services of Judge Porter, but when asked if he would ap-pear as counsel in behalf of the persecuted men, he not only consented, but, like Professor Ringgold, proposed to give his services freely because of his interest in the cases, his respect for the parties inter-ested, and for the sake of the principle involved. In an interview given to a reporter of the Memphis Commercial, and published in that paper on the 3rd inst., Governor Porter said :Š My consent to take part in defending these cases is not based upon any sympathy with the peculiar ten-ets of the denomination to which these defendants belong, but is simply due to my desire to vindicate the rights and liberties of all citizens in our State. I believe that the action of our courts with refer-ence to this question of compulsory Sunday idleness has hitherto been. in contravention of the principles of American liberty, as well as contrary to the ex-pressed provision of the constitution of our State, according to my construction of it in regard to re-ligious equality, and I am gratified to have the op-portunity of doing what I can to reverse that ac-tion in the interest of humanity and of true liberty, as I understand it. I have always understood that these people are peaceable and law-abiding citizens, and I have yet to learn that the acts for which they are indicted have injured or discommoded their fellow-citizens in any way, or interfered in the slightest with any substantial rights of others. Re-garding them as I do, as the representatives of a great principle, apart altogether from the religious aspects of their belief or their conduct, I have no hesitation in saying that I sincerely hope that they will successfully emerge from their present legal difficulty. Upon examination, the attorneys found that several of the indictments were de-fective. These, six in number, were quashed by the court upon motion. This left but two cases for trial at this term; and, at this writing, only one of these has been disposed of, namely that of W. D. Dortch, described in the indictment as " Billy Dortch." This case was taken up on the third instant and resulted in a verdict of acquittal, without the jury leaving their seats. It was proved in Mr. Dortch's case that he had worked on two separate and dis-tinct Sundays. On one occasion he was seen, by two witnesses, working in his gar-den, and on another, he was seen, by one witness, " piling chunks " in a clearing on the back part of his farm. The Attorney-General made a desperate effort to prove that it was the custom of the defendant to work on Sunday, even going so far as to subpcena and attempt to put upon the stand, Mr. Dorteh's own son, a boy of only ten years of age. But this, Judge Swig-gart would not permit. In his plea to the jury, the Attorney-General made an effort to appeal to their religious prejudices, but upon objection, the Judge instructed him to confine his remarks to the record. This left him with but little to say and not in first-class humor for saying it; nevertheless he continued for several minutes pleading for a verdict of conviction, which he insisted the jury must bring in or else violate their oath. The charge of the Judge was very fair, and so was destructive to all the hopes of the prosecution; and at its conclusion the Attorney-General abandoned the case, say-ing that the State would consent to an acquittal, and so, 'with the consent of the jury, the Judge at once entered a verdict of not guilty, and the case was at an end. The attorneys are very anxious to take  one case to the Supreme Court, feeling confident that a favorable termination can be reached there; and so have pro-posed to submit the remaining case upon a statement of facts, covering all the sa-lient points at issue. It is probable, how-ever, that the Attorney-General, who is more of a polititian than a lawyer, will not agree to such a presentation as will get the facts fairly before the court of last resort, and that no appeal can be made to the Supreme Court at this time, as he has it in his power to refuse to try the remain-ing case at this term of court. Public sentiment has changed a good deal in this county since the trials last summer. The attitude assumed toward " Adventist cases" by such men as Pro-fessor Ringgold, Ex-Senator Tolley, and Ex-Governor Porter has set people to thinking, and while bigotry and intoler-ance still live here they are becoming ashamed and are found hiding under vari-ous subterfuges. Judge Swiggart has evidently grown tired of having his court turned into a religious inquisition, and while his view of the law and his understanding of the decision of the Supreme Court compel him to lend himself to some extent to per-secution for conscience' sake, there is small room to doubt that he has no sym-pathy for the persecution and that he would be heartily glad to see the court of last resort reverse its own decision in the Parker case, thus leaving him free to order a discontinuance of the proceedings against the Adventists in his district. More details and farther interesting facts will be given in future letters. C. P. B. Paris, Tenn. To Try the Case upon Its Merits. A CORRESPONDENT for the Memphis Commercial, at the Seventh-day Advent-ist trials at Paris, Tenn., publishes an in-terview had previous to the calling of the cases, with Professor James T. Ringgold, who was there for the purpose of taking part in the defense. Mr. Ringgold is a member of the Baltimore Bar and lec-turer in the Baltimore Law School. This is what Mr. Ringgold said :Š " I suppose you want me to tell you how I came to be here, and what I expect to do. I have taken considerable interest for a number of years in the Sunday law question, and through a work on that subject which I recently wrote, I became acquainted with the National Religious Liberty Association, which I found to be composed largely of ' Seventh-Day Ad-ventists.' As the association and myself had a warm joint interest in the cause of religious liberty, we have ever since been in correspondence. When I learned of the proceedings against the Seventh-day Adventists in this county, which are similar to those to which our Hebrew fel-low-citizens are occasionally subjected in Maryland, I at once wrote to the secretary of the National Religious Liberty Associ-ation, stating that if I could be of any service whatever in defending these men, it would give me pleasure to volunteer my time and labor in the good cause. My proposition was accepted, and that is how I happen to be on the ground. You will understand, therefore, that my concern in the matter is by no means that of mere counsel, but that of a citizen who believes that there is an issue at stake in all such  cases as these, irrespective altogether of their results, so far as the individuals are concerned. With this idea I have per-suaded my friends to allow me to exhaust every legal resource in their favor, and have associated myself with W. L. Carter of your bar. I may add that the state-ment which has appeared in a number of papers to the effect that Hon. Robert G. Ingersoll and Hon. Don M. Dickinson have been retained for the defense in these cases is a mistake. " Of course this is not the time to detail any of the points which Mr. Carter and I propose to argue, either before the court or the jury, but I have no objection to telling you that we rest our confidence of winning our cases largely upon an expres-sion which was used by Judge Swiggart in a previous case of similar character. The learned judge is reported to have de-clared that he intended to have the laws `strictly enforced.' This is just what we desire, and all that we desire. We shall make no captious objections at any stage, nor will we contend for delay for its own sake. We shall proceed on the assump-tion that in order that a criminal law shall be `strictly enforced' it is necessary at every point that the strictness shall be exercised in favor of the accused and not against him. If we can show to the satis-faction of the learned judge that there is a reasonable doubt as to any one single proposition of law growing out of these cases we shall urge upon him that the strict enforcement of the law requires him to give us the benefit of that doubt just as much as its strict enforcement will require that the jury, if we ever get to the jury, shall give us the benefit of every reasonable doubt as to the facts. I may say that we are satisfied that we shall not get to the jury, if the learned judge will favor us with that strict construction of the law for which we shall contend. The reputation of Judge Swiggart is a suffi-cient guaranty that his rulings will be conscientious, and our endeavor will be to see that they cover every possible point, not only in order that we have the benefit of all the law that there is for us, but also in order that we may know precisely where we stand for the future. Our strength is that many of what we believe to be our strongest points do not appear to have been seriously argued or explicitly decided in previous cases, either by the learned judge of this circuit or the courts of last resort in Tennessee. In fact, it would be hard to find a case anywhere in which the merits of the Sunday law ques-tion have been thoroughly and exhaust-ively elucidated." " I understand from what you tell me, Mr. Ringgold, that you are not, yourself, a member of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination ? " " No, I am not. I am a communicant in the Episcopal Church, but while my denomination has special religious serv-ices on Sunday, just as it has on Christ-mas day, Ash Wednesday, Good Friday, Ascension day, the forty days of Lent, and on many saints' days, I am not aware of anything in its doctrine or discipline which either requires or justifies the use of the police power of the State to compel any one, either within or outside of its pale, to observe a different line of conduct on Sunday, or on any other of the days which it especially honors, from the line of conduct which he observes on any other day. This being the case, I understand that I am as free to advocate the absolute 