110 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-3c.lence. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the inestimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Doing Good Work. THE International Tract Society, as-agent for the distrib-utiOn of the literature of the National Religious Liberty Asso-ciation in the territory covered by the Society, is doing a great work. The president writes: " There is no limit to what the Society might accomplish; the only hindrance being the lack of money necessary to pay for the literature that we find so many excellent openings for." He has appealed to his Society, to in-crease its membership, and donate means for this purpose. A secretary has been appointed to have especial charge of this department. The different offices report thousands of pages of matter sent out weekly. The publications issued by the National Religious Liberty Association, are such as all patriotic, thinking citizens should read and ponder. Petitions and Leaflets. BLANK petitions against religious legis-lation are now published in two sizes. The smaller size, is intended more espe-cially for the use of lecturers, and is ruled for four, signatures. The larger blank is prepared in the English, French, Swedish, German, and Dutch language. The leaflet intended, to be used in the solicitation of signatures, is entitled, "My reasons for signing the petition against religious legislation," and contains six-teen cogent reasons for so doing, expressed in plain and simple language. This is furnished free to workers. All should have it, and so use it, that every signer can have <no possible excuse for not knowing fully what he is signing, and why he signs. It should not be for-gotten, for a moment, that the object of this canvass, is not so much to gather the largest number of signatures possible as to bring to the minds of the people, a knowledge of the course of religious legis- ,  lation which is being attempted, Ł and arouse them to a study of the principles involved. Those truths which are at the foundation of Christianity pure and un-defiled, are at stake in this question. They who canvass intelligently for sig-natures to these petitions, are teaching the alphabet of true religion. It is only by the acquirement of this alphabet, that it becomes possible to read the word of God understandingly, in its application  to the events of this age, and comprehend the philosophy of history, in its true re-lation to the gospel. The one who rises to the opportunity which the Religious Liberty Association offers, of preaching the word of truth, in a language which all men must understand, and making a practical application of its principles to the rules of the civil policy, which are to govern their daily life and actions, will be he who realizes most fully, that " the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom ; " and, being well grounded in that, " then shalt thou understand righteousness and judgment and equity, yea, every good path." w .H. M. "Is This a Christian Nation?" IN a Sunday lecture* delivered in Phila-delphia, March 2, Rabbi Joseph Krauskopf gives a forcible and logical reply to the question, " Is this a Christian Nation ? " He cites the rapid increase of a heterogene-ous population as varied in religious be-lief or unbelief, as in nationality,Šthe millions of those who do not believe in Christianity at all, unbelievers, Agnostics, ethical culturists, free religionists, Jews, Mohammedans, Confucianists, Buddhists, etc.,Šand shows that their presence pre-cludes the possibility of this being either technically or theoretically a Christian Nation, in the National Reform sense of the expression. In opening his discourse the Rabbi speaks as follows: "In view of the stren-uous efforts now being made by some re-ligious organizations, to secure the pas-sage by Congress, of the three religious measures now 'before itŠthe Blair Sun-day bill, the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, and the Blair Educational amendment, which provides for the teaching .of the prin-ciples of Christianity in the public schools Šthe National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, an organization effected to oppose all religious legislation by the civil Gov-ernment, is exerting its utmost to effect the defeat of these bills. To attain this end, it enlists the support of every liberal preacher, and speaker, and editor. It is represented at Washington by men whose duty it is to oppose the three religious measures now before Congress. It gath-ers signatures in nearly -every State and * Our Pulpit Sunday March 2, 1890, published by Oscar Kionower, 647, North Seventh St., Philadelphia' Single copies, 6 cents. Territory in the Union, to a petition to the Senate and to the House of Represent-atives ' Not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath or Lord's day, or any other religious or ecclesiastical institution of right,' etc. By means of such systematic and ener-getic opposition, the friends of liberty of conscience were enabled to defeat, last year, what was commonly known as the Blair Sunday-rest bill,, and the Blair amendment of the Constitution of the United States respecting establishments of religion and free schools, which were, excepting a few slight modifications, the same bills that Senator Blair has again introduced this year. "Not content with last year's defeat the Senator from New Hampshire is again exerting his utmost, with the aid of hun-dreds of preachers, and millions of sig-natures, to foist a Puritanic Sabbath upon the people of the United States, a Sunday law that shall make labor, amusement, the collection and transmission of mail, rail-way traffic on the ' Lord's day' punishable as crime, and an amendment to the con-stitution of the United States, which shall make the teaching of the ' fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Chris-tianity ' obligatory in every free public school. To enable the friends of Con-science to achieve another victory, and again to protect the Constitution of the United States from dangerous tamperings, aid is solicited." . . . "I believe that it is high time that every American should understand fully, that here in our country, Church and State are totally separated, that this separation is inerad-ically engravers upon our Constitution, is interwoven with every fibre of every American freeman, and that, whoever at-tempts to form, by means of legislation, a link between them, aims at extinguishing the brightest star in the diadem of our glory, he is a traitor to his country, an enemy to his fellow citizens, a violater of the most sacred and the most cherished of all our possessions." He arraigns the Blair measures before Congress and says : " We know the sub-terfuge to which the Honorable Mr. Blair has resorted, this year. Last year's bill demanded the teaching of the `principles of the Christian religion ' in the public schools. In this year's bill, he has some-what altered the phraseology : he de-mands the teaching ' of the fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Christian-ity.' The alteration is an ingenious blind, but as illogical as ingenious. ' Funda-mental non-sectarian principles of Chris-tianity,' are contradictory terms. The fundamental principles of Christianity, must necessarily involve the divinity of Christ, and this involves a mass of spe-cifically Christian beliefs and doctrines." The address closes with this paragraph : " I am glad that a National Religious Liberty Association has been organized, C. ELDREDGE, W. H. MCKEE, President. Secretary. 