T14E; AlVilgARICAN 349 Thus a religious institution, through civil law, is made to serve worldly ambition. Every Sunday law that was ever enacted and enforced has only served to place a lower estimate on religion in the eyes of both the world and the Church. All Sun-day laws spring from a selfish motive, and are to protect selfish interests, and can be productive of evil only. E. HILLIARD Can a State Be Christian ? THE question which Giotto originated, and which has been many times discussed in the Nation, is the question of the " Christian State," which in 1847 formed the subject of debate in the German Diet. On that occasion Freiherr von Wincke, approaching the subject quite in the spirit of Giotto, said :Š " I must confess that, in spite of the most earnest investigation, and most con-scientious reflection, I cannot arrive at any clear conception of what is meant by a Christian State. I venerate Christian-ity highly, but the idea of religion can rest only on individual conviction. The State is a complex of individuals, but it can-not, as such, have a universal conviction. The State, it may be said, represents a moral person, but I cannot conceive that, as such, it can have a formulated religion. The idea of a Christian State is, hence, to me unintelligible. It cannot be the duty of a State to realize the dogmas of a par-ticular confession,Što be, in a sense, the executor of the Church. But the idea of a Christian State is, perhaps, to be under-stood in another sense; it will, perhaps, be said that the State in its legislation, should aim at the realization of the prin-ciples of Christian morality. Religious dogmas are impossible of realization. But even here, I cannot see that the State can, in any sense, act as the executor of the Church. If it is a question of realizing the principles of Christian morality, I contend that Germany certainly cannot be regarded as a Christian State. This is evident on the most superficial compar-ison of the principles of our State law with the principles of the New Testament. I might even begin with the Old Testa-ment, and with the ten commandments. ' Moses says : " Thou shalt not kill "; while the Minister of the Treasury, whose duties include the payment of the army, would certainly not think of condemning war in deference to the Mosaic command. Again, the New Testament says, " Swear not at all . . . Let your conversation be yea, yea, and nay, nay, for whatsoever is more than that cometh of evil," and here we have recently imposed a new oath in connection with the income tax : an oath moreover which is a great tempta-tion to perjury. A State which runs counter to this plain command, " Swear not at all," cannot call itself Christian.  Another Christian command is " Love your enemies " and " if anyone smite thee on the one cheek turn to him the other." How can we harmonize these Christian teachings with our legislation for redress of injuries.? We should have to eliminate many paragraphs from the code. How shall we harmonize our foreign policy of treaties against foreign foes with the scriptural command to love our enemies ? " I believe that if we were to hold an inquiry over the several Ministers of State we should find none of them acting in harmony with the Scriptures. Look, for instance, at the Treasury Minister, laying up treasure, in plain defiance of the scriptural command. " My view is that it is not a function of the State to realize Christian morality, and therefore the proposition that we live in a Christian State is false.' " Christian morality has not flourished on European soil. Where the struggle for existence is so keen as with us it is vain to preach, Take no thought for the morrow.' There 'probably never was so much cant in Europe as in this age; never a period exhibiting a contrast so sharp as exists between an imported code of morals, professed for appearance sake, and the real bias of society as exhibited in its daily public discussions. Shall we ever reconcile this contradiction between pro-fession and reality, and how ? That is the great, perhaps the greatest problem of the future."ŠEditorial from Die Na-tion, Berlin, October, 1891. "Some Sunset Sophistries." REFERRING to the recent discussion of the question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, at a meeting of the Sunset Club in Chicago, the editor of the Chicago Evening Journal, of October 23, makes the following comment under this head-ing :Š " Both sides held up their end of the argument with considerable ability, but the preponderance of logic and rhetoric seemed to be in favor of an open Sunday Exposition. Rev. Dr. Herrick Johnson championed Sunday closing, and did what he could to make the worse appear the better reason, but with indifferent suc-cess.. " Dr. Johnson's argument is one that is frequently used by the advocates of Sun-day laws, but which has never met with the answer that it deserves. His argu-ment was this: We are a Christian Na-tion. Christianity is imbedded in our national character and law. We issue proclamations asking men to give thanks. We put men on oath in the name of God.' But, as if afraid of his own con-clusions, he also says : I recognize that the' Church does not run the State, nor the State the Church.. I do not believe there are a dozen men in the country who would attempt to force men to religious  belief or observance.' This reasoning, if it can be called such, strikes us as timid, sophistical and inconsistent. " If, as Dr. Johnson claims, we are a Christian Nation, and Christianity is im-bedded in our national law,' we regard it as a great misfortune, and should be in favor of immediately disimbedding the Christianity, and keeping it separate from law and State for all time. The world has seen too much already of Church and State. When the union turns Italy's stomach, Americans may well be nause-ated at the idea of a civil Government hopelessly committed to religion of any kind. Dr. Johnson's address illustrates the dangers and evils of such a constitu-tion. He makes it a reason for demand-ing that our people shall neither work nor play on Sunday, the inference being that they shall go to hear him preach or do nothing. That he should also say that there are not a dozen people in the country who would attempt to force men to a religious observance simply makes a jargon of his remarks. Looking at a picture gallery on Sunday cannot be con-demned, denounced and prohibited, on any but purely religious grounds. `Ren-unto Caesar the things that are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The Secular Union and Sunday. THE charge is continually being made by those who are working for Sunday laws, that the Religious Liberty Associa-tion and Seventh-day Adventists are working hand in hand with the infidel ele-ment of the country in their continued opposition to all forms of Sunday legisla-tion. Now it is a known fact that the American Secular Union is largely com-posed of skeptics as well as openly avowed infidels. And in announcing the fifteenth annual congress of this Union their lead-ers states that particular attention will be given to certain of the demands of secularism, among which is the follow-ing :Š The repeal and prevention of all laws enfor-cing the observance of Sunday as a religious institu-tion, rather than an economic one, justified by physiological and other secular reasons. From this article in the creed of the Secular Union, it will readily be seen that they are in favor of civil Sunday laws on " economic " and " physiological " grounds. The Religious Liberty Associa-tion, and the Seventh-day Adventists as well, maintain that Sunday is purely a religious institution, and that it is just as impossible to separate it from its religious character as it is to take the coloring matter from the Ethiopian's skin. The origin of the Sunday institution is lost in remote antiquity, but when first brought to view in history it is a heathen festival day in honor of the sun-god, thus it has its foundation laid in the heathen religion. When it was brought over into Christian- 