14 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 2. of the Rev. Herrick, unless he changed his creed. He would tolerate no Presbyterianism. He would find fault with the Rev: H. J. be-cause his long sermons were not half long enough; because some of his services savored of prelacy; because he had crosses about his church; musical instruments; formal and unspiritual ceremonials. He would even call him a Sabbath-breaker. The old Puritan would cast him out in short order as a cor-rupter of the people and a disturber of the commonwealth. Oh, that the Lord would answer the Doctor's prayer and let him meet the Puritan face to face!" Amen! When, however, this religio-polit-ical element, of which the " Rev. H. J."-  is a part, shall have gained the supremacy, we are afraid that the Doctor will answer his own cry, and endeavor, so far as in him lies, to give to others the benefit of his idea of what the breath of the Puritan should do. If only the Doctor himself could have the benefit of it, we could not have the heart to object; but we hope it may never be inflicted upon anybody else. Lutherans and Public Schools. THE following letter is self-explanatory, and needs no comment other than that we are glad to make the correction, and glad for the evidence which it furnishes that National Re-form errors have not perverted everybody:Š EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir: In your article, " Romanism and Republicanism" (December issue), re-published from the America, the words occur: "The Roman Church (and in many instances the Lutheran) opposes the system of public educa-tion," etc. This is not treating the Lutheran Church fairly. She neither teaches nor practices opposition to the public-school system. Let me give you the simple facts, and you may then judge for yourself. The Lutheran Church establishes parochial schools wherever she is financially able to do so, principally for the religious training of her children. So far her practice tomes under the heading of civil rights, that belong to the infidel and Christian alike. The material difference between the Lutheran and Roman views on public education is, that the former church not only accords the State the right of giving secular instruction, but holds the present public-school system to be the necessary and only mode of public education consistent with a republican com-munity composed of many religious denominations. The Lutheran Church never endeavors to thrust upon public schools her religious views, nor does she countenance any mingling of religion with poli-tics, as that would necessarily entail religious per- secution. I am yours respectfully, REV. A. W. MEYER, Pastor First Lutheran Church, Winfield, Kan. .• .  Proceedings of the Early National Reform Conventions. THE Christian Statesman advertises for sale three pamphlets which contain the complete reports of three important National Conven-tions held by National Reformers, namely, in Cincinnati, in 1872, in New York, in 1873, and in Pittsburg, in 1874. We feel like doing a little advertising for National Reform, and so We advise our friends to send sixty cents to the Christian Statesman, 1520 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, and get these three pamphlets. They are worth more than that money to anybody who wants to see for himself; at first hand, just what this professed National Re-forth is: As proof that the speeches reported in tbese pamphlets, from which we have again and again quoted, are authority as to  what National Reform is, we cite the States-man. It says " These published reports of addresses give the best summary of arguments on this sub-ject ever published." " These reports sum up all arguments in behalf of this movement. No one can be said to be thoroughly ac-quainted with the question, unless. they are familiar with these addresses. A well-known lecturer on National Reform once said that when he had an address to deliver on the subject, he spent all his time reading these reports, and then spoke out of the fullness of his heart." We freely advertise these for the Statesman and National Reform. We are not paid for it, and have not been asked to do it; but we have so great faith in the justice of the cause which we represent, and in the good sense and patriotism of our readers, that we believe the thing best calculated to set them against this so-called National Reform is to see it just as it is. All that we have been trying to do for the past three years is to exhibit NaSional Reform just as. it is. So buy these pamphlets, study them carefully, and be con-vinced that the AMERICAN SENTINEL has al-ways told you the truth. A Sample of Moral Obtuseness. THE Christian Statesman of September 27, 1888, had, as usual, a report from " Secre-tary " Foster. In it he told about a sermon which he preached Łin Cincinnati on "Sunday Observance," and after detailing the compli- ments which he received for it, he continued thus:Š " There is a general feeling of anxiety among the people for our sabbath. They feel that something should be done, but there is a nightmare inability to do anything. A good brother said to me: The Sunday paper comes to my house regularly. We began taking it during the war. We wanted the latest news from the battle-fields, and it has been coming ever since. I know it is wrong. There should not be any Sunday paper. It is an injury to society; but when others take it, we might as well have it.'" And so, of course, he is in favor of a law that will stop Sunday papers and all other work. On the statements in the paragraph just quoted, we have just the following points which we wish to emphasize:- 1. The people do well to be anxious about their sabbath, when they themselves have not interest enough in it to keep it without being forced to do so. 2. If Sunday is "our sabbath," as they call it, what right have they to compel peo-ple who have no interest in it to adopt it as theirs ? As well might the shop-keeper com-pel people to buy his goods as to compel them to accept his sabbath. 3.-This man is not alone in calling Sunday " Our sabbath." National Reformers, and all Sunday-law advocates, speak of " our sab-bath," " our American sabbath," etc. This they want enforced upon the people by law. At the same time they insist that there can be no real Sunday rest secured to the people, except on the basis of religious obligation. Then it is a point that admits of no debate,  that they are seeking to enforce religion on the people, and that the religion which they wish to enforce is their religion. In other words, they want to put themselves in the place of God, and have the people's con-sciences regulated by their will. 4. WhenŁ A man has not enough moral stamina to do a thing which he believes in his heart he ought to do, without being forced to do it by civil law, how much better will the law make him ? Not a particle. He will be in just the condition of the thief who has been shut up in prison, and who is honest because there is nothing for him to steal. It is such service as this that National Reformers think will bring in the millennium! 5. If they wish to know the cause of this laxness in Sunday observance, on the part of those who profess to keep it, and who even clamor for laws enforcing its observance, we can give it. It is because they do not really believe that Sunday has any claims upon them. They know full well that it has no divine sanction, and they cannot keep themselves up to the point of doing that which in their inmost heart they know is not required of them by divine law. Their ap-peal for a civil law shows their unbelief in there being any divine law upholding it. We believe that these Points are clear to the comprehension of every reader, and that they cannot be gainsaid. E. J. W. Ł PRESIDENT GARFIELD, in his letter of accept-ance, July 12, 1880, said: "Next in impor-tance to freedom and justice is popular edu-cation, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained. . . . It would be unjust to our people, and danger-ous to our institutions, to apply any portion of the revenue of the Nation or of the States to the support of sectarian schools. The separa-tion of the Church and the State in everything relating to taxation should be absolute." SOME of the Chicago ministers, like the Third party Prohibitionists, have set out to regulate things by law, and will make the conversion by gospel means a second-rate matter.ŠInter-Ocean. Notice to Subscribers. Wns this issue the AMERICAN SENTINEL becomes a weekly paper. This necessitates a change of date on many of the address labels of your paper, as you subscribed for a monthly paper, and only expected to receive twelve numbers in a year; but we will give you twenty-four numbers, and let your sub-scription expire June 26 instead of December, 1889. Those who have just subscribed will get twice as many papers as they expected to receive; but, as the paper is now issued weekly, it necessarily shortens the time of yearly subscriptions to six months, or changes the date on your label from December to June. Subscriptions dated February, 1889, expire with this paper. Those whose subscriptions are dated March, 1889, will receive two more papers, so please renew at once, and thus avoid missing any number. The subscription price is now, for the weekly, $1.00 per year; or, if you will send us five new subscriptions, at $1.00 each, we will send you the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL one year free. Subscriptions dated April, 1889, will expire with the paper, of February 27; those dated May, 1889, with the paper of March 13; those of June, 1889, with the paper of March 27; those of December, 1889, with the paper of June 26, 1889. 