  246 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       'ently was made to monopolize the Indian service and to make it tributary to the papacy. "The director of the Catholic Bureau, or his repre-sentative, was in almost daily communication with the chief of the Educational Division of the Indian Office and practically directed his action in everything pertaining to the Roman Catholic interests. It is not too much to say that the Bureau of Catholic Missions had usurped to a large extent the functions of the Government Bureau Łof Indian Affairs. "The existence at the capital of the nation of an or-ganized lobby, established in the interest of the Roman Catholic Church and prosecuting its work zealously and tirelessly,, was at once an impertinence and a menace to Republican institutions. It sought covertly to secure, so far as its influence went, all the practical results that would have flowed from the recognition of the Roman Catholic Church as the established national church. The Protestants had no such central organization and made no concerted effort either to secure ecclesiastical advan-tages for themselves or to in anywise prevent the uncon-stitutional aggressions of the Romanist hierarchy. "In 1877 the United States Government entered upon the work of providing for the Indian youth a sys-tem of public education, supported by appropriations -out of the public treasury. It had for many years made -special appropriations for Indiam education and in ful Ł Aliment of treaty obligations or in return for land or other concessions made by the Indians, had provided schools and teachers for them; but in 1877 it appropri-ated the sum of $20,000 out of the public treasury, money which did not belong to the Indians, but which was in all respects public funds. This appropriation in-creased from year to year until in1886 it reached the sum of $600,000; when I entered upon my duties as commis-sioner, in 1889, it had swollen to $1,300,000 and four years later, when I left the office, the total appropria-tions of public money, exclusive of amounts paid out of Indian funds, was a little more than $2,300,000. "When the Roman Catholics saw the growth of these appropriations for Indian education, they eagerly seized upon the opportunity thus presented to profit to the ut-most possible extent by securing as large a share of this money as could be obtained. "Some other denominations who were carrying on work among the Indians had also been receiving Govern-ment assistance, and the schools thus maintained by the churches, partly at their own expense, but largely at the expense of the Government, were practically mission schools. "The Roman Catholics baptized into their fellowship not only the children, but as many as possible of the adults, asserted their right to claim them as communi-cants in their church, resented as an affront to them -every effort on the part of other churches, and even on the part of the Government itself, to secure for their -schools any children who at any time had been enrolled in any Roman Catholic institution. "The Roman Catholic schools are mission schools, parochial schools, church schools, whose chief and almost only aim is to make converts to Catholicism, and to train their pupils to be good Catholics. The basis of all their work is the Roman Catholic Catechism. Many of the teachers know little of American life, and apparently care less, speaking very imperfect English. Manylothers are inexperienced nuns, and few, if any of them, are trained teachers. Catholic education of Indians has never been successful, and they can point to no leading Indians as a result of their efforts. An eminent Roman Catholic said to me that there never had been an Indian Roman Catholic priest. The subtle influence of their schools has been to awaken in the Indians suspicion and distrust, and they have bred disloyalty and incited re-sistance to the Government. . . . "Soon after I had entered upon my duties, July 1, 1889, I was waited upon by Archbishop Ireland, repre-senting the hierarchy, and Father Willard, an officer of the Catholic Bureau, and was asked by them if I would renew the contracts for the Catholic schoolsŁfor the year to come. I answered that I would. "They stated that they wished a contract for some new schools, and that they would like a much larger-  ap-propriation for their work among the Indians than they had ever received before, and intimated that when other buildings which they had in contemplation had been erected they should ask for still larger sums. "I replied that I did not believe in the policy of ap-propriating public money for sectarian uses; that I be-lieved in the separation of church and state, and that if churches did missionary work they should do so at their own expense. It was the duty of the Government to pro-vide for the education of the Indians and it should do this in a system of schools, similar to the public schools of the country, which should be neither partisan nor sec-tarian. I said distinctly, however, that 1 did, not pro-pose, inasmuch as the contract system had been long in existence, to introduce any radical, abrupt change in the policy of the Government; that I would not interfere with any vested rights that they might have, or do any-thing that could be justly regarded as unfair or unjust; that I would treat the Roman Catholics precisely as I treated any other church or body of Christian people. I said that I would renew their contracts, for the year to come, for the schools already in existence which belonged to them, but that I would not extend the contract sys-tem; would enter into no contracts for new schools; that I proposed to take charge of the buildings which had been erected by the Government and to maintain inthem,  Government schools, and that I should make it a part of my business to improve and extend the system of public education for the Indians. . . . "Soon after this I had occasion to dismiss from the Indian Office, for incompetency, insubordination, and other sufficient reasons, the chief of the Educational Di-vision, already alluded to, thus committing a third of-fense against the Roman Catholic Church: Roman Cath-olics had been dismissed from the public service; the de-mands of the church for an indefinite extension of the policy of subsidizing its mission schools at Government expense had been denied, and a trusted tool of the Catholic Bureau, who had- prostituted his position to ecclesiastical ends, had been dismissed from the public service. . . . "This was the beginning of a contest which is with-out a parallel in our political annals. A strong delega- tion of representative men was appointed by the Catho- lic Congress at Baltimore to wait upon President Harri-son and state their grievances, requesting the removal of the commissioner from office. The President received the delegation respectfully, listened attentively to their 