20 Tit AMERICAN SENTINEL,. by their honored and accredited exponent, Alonzo T. Jones, editor of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Before that committee this very point was brought out clearly and distinctly, over and over again. I give brief quotation :Š Senator Blair.ŠWould it answer your objection in that regard if instead of saying "the Lord's day." we should say, " Sunday " Mr. Jones.ŠNo, sir. . . . If this bill were framed in behalf of the real Sabbath of the Lord, the sev-enth day, the day which we observe, if this bill proposed to promote its observance or to compel men to do no work upon that day, we would oppose it just as strongly as we oppose it now. Senator Blair.ŠYou oppose all Sunday laws of the country, then ? Mr. Jones.ŠYes, sir. Senator Blair. ŠYou are against all Sunday laws ? Mr. Jones.ŠYes, sir. We are against every Sun-day, law that was ever made in this world, from the 'first enacted by Constantine to this one now proposed; and we would be equally against a Sab-bath law if it were proposed; for that would be anti-Christian too. " And this is the constantly avowed po-sition of every one of their papers, publi-cations, and ministers, and heartily in-dorsed by every Seventh-day Adventist in good standing. "This whole argument of Elder Jones was published in pamphlet form and thousands of copies have been distributed. " Nor is this the only record on the sub- ject. On February 18, 1890, the house committee on the District of Columbia, held a hearing on a Sunday bill, intro- duced by Hon. W. C. P. Breckenridge. The Seventh-day Adventists were heard before this committee. I quote from the verbatim report of the speeches :Š The Chairman.ŠWe desire to know in whose be-half you appear. Mr. Corliss.ŠI speak in behalf of the Seventh-day Adventist church at Washington, of which I am pastor ; I appear not as has been affirmed be-fore you, to speak in behalf of a Saturday Sabbath. Far from it, gentlemen of the committee. If this bill No. 3,8M were to have incorporated into it in-stead of " Sunday," the first day of the week, the words "Saturday, or the seventh day of the week" there is no one who would oppose it stronger than I. Mr. Jones.Š . . . Congress can make no law upon the subject of religion without interfering with the free exercise thereof. Therefore the Seventh-day Adventists while observing Saturday, would most strenuously oppose any legislation pro-posed to enforce the observance of that day. Gen-tlemen, it is time for all the people to declare, as the Seventh-day Adventists decidedly do, that this Nation is, and of right ought to be, free and inde-pendent of all ecclesiastical or religious influence, connection, or control. " In the case of 'State of Tennessee vs. King,' Judge Hammond in his decision of the case made false statements akin to those of the Corresponding Secretary of the American Secular Union. A full ref-utation was published in THE AMERICAN SENTINEL of November 19, giving copy of letter from Mr. Jones to Elder 0. A. Olsen, President of the General Conference (the highest office in the Seventh-day Advent-ists' ranks). " Mr. Jones quoted the statement made by the judge, that his (King's) own reli- gious feelings or fanaticism (is) that the seventh day of the week, instead of the first, should be set apart for the day of public rest and religious practices. This is what he really believes and wishes, he and his sect; and not that each individual shall select his own day of public rest, and his own day of labor,' and asked, Is this true ?' Elder Olsen replied :Š I have been personally connected with the Seventh-day Adventist denomination for more than thirty years, and I can freely say that no such belief or wish is entertained by this people. Our belief and, wish is directly the opposite of that stated by the judge. " There is no excuse for an avowed ex-ponent of secularism being ignorant of these well known facts. " The Corresponding Secretary of the American Secular Union has placed her-self in the unenviable predicamen of hav-ing in her first official publication made statements which are not only utterly un-founded, but which public and official records show to be untrue, and which all who have ever briefly conversed with any intelligent Seventh - day Adventist know to be untrue." A Christian (?) Nation. As THE SENTINEL has more than once had occasion to remark, Russia should be a country after the heart of all National Reformers. God is recognized there in the government at every turn and at the most unexpected places. The powers that be are thoroughly ordained of God, in the National Reform sense, and consequently, according to some people's way of think-ing, Russia should be the first of " Chris- tian nations." The following questions and answers are translated from a Russian " catechism for the use of schools and churches in the Polish provinces of Rus-sia." It is published by order of the gov- ernment and its study is compulsory :Š Question. How is the authority of the Emperor to be considered in reference to the spirit of Chris-tianity ? Answer. As proceeding immediately from God. Q. How is this substantiated by the nature of things ? A. It is by the will of God that men live in so-ciety, hence the various relations that constitute society, which for its more complete security is divided into parts called nations, the government of which is entrusted to a prince, king, or emperor, or in other words a supreme ruler. [France and the United States are not in it.] We see, then, that as man exists in conformity to the will of God, society emanates from the same divine will, and more especially the supreme power and authority of our lord and master the Czar. Q. What does religion teach us, the humble subjects of his majesty the Emperor of Russia, to practice towards him ? A. Worship, obedience, fidelity, the payment of taxes, service, love, and prayer, the whole being comprised in the words, worship, obedience, and fidelity. Ł Q. Wherein does this worship consist, and how should it be manifested ? A. By the most unqualified reverence in words, gestures, and demeanor, thoughts and actions. Q. What kind of obedience do we owe him? A. An entire passive and unbounded obedience in every point of view. Q. In what consists the fidelity we owe to the Emperor ? Ł A. In executing his commands most rigorously without examination, in performing the duties he requires of us, and in doing everything willingly and without murmuring. Q. Is the service of his Majesty the Emperor obligatory on us ? A. Absolutely so, we should if required, sacrifice ourselves in compliance with his will, both in a civil and military capacity, and in whatever man-ner he may deem expedient. Q. How are irreverence and infidelity to the Emperor to be considered in reference to God ? A. As the frost heinous sin, the most frightful criminality. Q. Does religion forbid us then to rebel or over-throw the government of the Emperor ? A. We are interdicted from so doing at all times and under any circumstances. And so on by the yard. In another place the omnipresence of the Emperor is taught in this most precious document : Q. Independently of the worship we owe the Emperor, are we called upon to respect the public authorities emanating from him ? A. Yes, because they emanate from him, repre-sent him, and act as his substitutes, so that the.  Emperor is everywhere. We have here a good illustration of the logical outcome of the National Reform idea, or a man-made theocracy. It always ends in a Pope of some sort or other, and one, who standing in the place of God, consequently requires to be worshiped. Heaven preserve us from a so-called Chris-tian nation going full blast. It Was a Religious Meeting. THE readers of THE SENTINEL have been made aware of the conflict just closed in Toronto, Ontario, over the May-or's proposition to submit the question to the people whether or not they would al-low their street cars to commence running on Sunday. In reporting a recent mass-meeting, called to discuss the question, the Toronto Mail says :Š The chairman said they were only doing right in looking on this as a religious meeting, and there-fore he would call upon all present to join in the doxology. This was done, and then Rev. Dr. Dewart led in prayer. This discussion relating to Sunday laws seems to be adapting itself to the various shades of sentiment in different places. In the United States, where a State reli-gion would be at a discount, the advocates for Sunday laws tell us in their public meetings, that it is only a civil rest day that they want, leaving the statement, that they will bring out the religious idea as soon as practicable, to be spoken in the ear of supposed friends. But in the Queen's dominions, where the people are accustomed from long practice to endure the hollow farce of submitting to a creed supported by a civil Parliament, the de-fender of Sunday legislation talks right out, saying that a meeting called to create such sentiment is religious, and opens it accordingly with the doxology and prayer. History abounds in illustrations of the 