THE AMEAICAN SENTINEL. 13 bishop of Rome, above all in rank, held the supremacy also in pride, arrogance, and pro-fusion of luxury, to such a degree that ono of the most eminent of the heathen writers ex-claimed, either in envy or indignation, "Make me bishop of Rome and I will be a Christian." Nor were the governmental favors of Con-stantine confined to the bishops; they ex-tended to all orders; and by the promise of a white garment, and twenty pieces of gold to every convert, there was secured in a single year the baptism of no fewer than twelve thousand men, besides a proportionate number of women and children. See Gibbon, "De-cline and Fall of Rome," chap. 20, par. 17. And the inevitable consequence was that "formal-ism succeeded faith, and religion fled from a station among the rulers of Christendom to find shelter in her native scenes among the suffering and the poor." Was politics purified there? No! religion was corrupted and faith debased; and amidst and by it all, were taken the widest and most rapid strides of the Church of Rome toward that fearful height of power and depth of degradation which was the astonishment and the shame of the world. Another notable instance was Louis XIV. of France. The early part of his reign was a time of much license; "but in his old age he became religious; and he determined that his subjects should be religious too. He shrugged his shoulders and knitted his brows if he ob-served at his levee, or near his dinner table, any gentleman who neglected the duties en-joined by the church. Ho rewarded piety with blue ribands, pensions, invitations ,to Marhi,' governments, and regiments. Forth-with Versailles became in everything but dress, a convent. The pulpits and confession-als were surrounded by swords and embroid-ery. The marshals were much in prayer ; and there was hardly one among the dukes and peers who did not carry good little books in his pocket, fast during lent, and commu-nicate at Easter. Madame de Maintenon, who had a great share in the blessed work, boasted that devotion had become quite the fashion." And was politics purified ? With a ven-geance I We read on: "A fashion indeed it was; and like a fashion it passed away. No sooner had the old king been carried to St. Denis than the whole court unmasked. Every man hastened to indemnify himself, by the excess of licentiousness and impudence, for years of mortification. - The same persons who, a few months before, with meek voices and demure looks, had consulted divines about the state of their souls, now surrounded the midnight table, where, amidst the bounding of champagne corks, a drunken prince, en-throned between Dubois and Madame de Parabere, hiccoughed out atheistical argu-ments and obscene jests. The early part of the reign of Louis XIV. had been a time of license; but the most dissolute men of that generation would have bluShed at the orgies of the Regency."ŠMacaulay's Essay on Leigh Hunt. But undoubtedly the most notable instance of all is that of the Puritan rule, of the Com-monwealth of England. " It was solemnly resolved by Parliament that no person shall  be employed but such as the House shall be sat-isfied of his real godliness.' The pious assem-bly had a Bible lying on the table for reference. . . . To know whether a man was really godly was impossible. But it was easy to know whether he had a plain dress, lank hair, no starch in his linen, no gay furniture in his house; whether he talked through his nose, and showed the whites of his eyes; whether he named his children Assurance, Tribula-tion, and Maher-shalal-hash-baz; whether he avoided Spring Garden when in town, and abstained from hunting and hawking when in the country ; whether he expounded hard scriptures to his troops of dragoons, and talked in a committee of ways and means about seek-ing the Lord. These were tests which could easily be applied. The misfortune was that they proved nothing. Such as they were, they were employed by the dominant party. And the consequence was that a crowd of im-postors, in every walk of life, began to mimic and to caricature what were then regarded as the outward signs of sanctity."Š1 bid. Thus has it ever been, and thus will it ever be, where Governments, as such, attempt to propagate a religion. The only means which it is possible for Governments to employ are "reward and punishment; powerful means in-deed for influencing the exterior act, but al-together impotent for the purpose of touch-ing the heart. A public functionary who is told that be will be promoted if he is a devout Catholic, and turned out of his place if he is not, will probably go to mass every morning, exclude meat from his table on Fridays, shrive himself regularly, and perhaps let his superi-ors know that be wears a hair shirt next his skin. Under a Puritan [or a National Reform also we may say] Government, a person who is apprised that piety is essential to thriving in the world [see Christian Statesman of Nov. 21, Dec. 21 and 27, 1883, and Feb. 21, 1884. particularly, but in fact almost any number], will be strict in the observance of the Sunday, or, as he will call it, Sabbath; and will avoid a theater as if it were plague-stricken. Such a show of religion as this the hope of gain and the fear of loss will produce, at a week's notice, in any abundance which a Government may require. But under this show, sensuality, ambition, avarice, and hatred retain unim-paired power, and the seeming convert has only added to the vices of a man of the world all the still darker vices which are engen-dered by the constant practice of dissimula-tion. The truth cannot be long concealed. The public discovers that the grave persons who are proposed to it as patterns, are more utterly destitute of moral principle and of moral sensibility than avowed libertines. It sees that these Pharisees are further removed from real goodness than publicans and harlots. And, as usual, it rushes to the extreme oppo-site to that which it quits. It considers a high religious profession as a sure mark of mean-ness and depravity. On the very first day on which the restraint of fear is taken away, and on which men can venture to say what they think, a frightful peal of blasphemy and ri-baldry proclaims that the short-sighted policy which aimed at making a w4ion of saints has made a nation of scoffers."ŠIbid. Yet in the very face of these plainest dictates of pure reason, and these most forcible lessons of history, and in utter defiance of all the teaching of universal history itself, the Na-tional Reform party, with that persistence which is born of the blindness of bigoted zeal, is working, and will continue to work, with might and main, to bring upon this dear land all this fearful train of disorders. Their move-ment reminds us of nothing so much as of these quack medicines that are so abundant, warranted to cure every ill that is known to the human body; while at the same time they will create a thousand ills that the human system has never known before. As with these, so with the National Reform; it is warranted to cure all the ills of the body pol-itic, while, as anyone with half an eye can see, it bears in its hands a perfect Pandora's box, wide open, to inflict its innumerable evils upon our country; and, as they will learn when it is too late, they will have no power to retain even hope. She herself will have flown away, and nothing remain but utter, irretrievable, awful ruin. A. T. J. Governmental Jurisdiction. SURISDIOTION iS a law term used to denote the idea of governmental authority over per-sons and things within the scope of its action. No such authority is absolutely universal as to the persons subject to it, or as to the mat-ters which it embraces. Many things are so entirely private in their nature or so little concern the general public that they are by universal consent left exclusively to individual choice, without any attempt to regulate them by law. Governments exist for particular purposes, which by no means include the entire bulk of human affairs. How, then, is it with religion considered as a faith or a worship, as a spiritual exercise or a social expression thereof? Does it come within the rightful jurisdiction of human Gov-ernment? Does it properly belong to any such Government to regulate, administer, prop-agate, or in any way take charge of the religion of the people? The answer given by history is that most of the Governments of the world have assumed that religion lies within the scope of their regulating and ad-ministrative agency. The legislation conse-quent upon the assumption, whether more or less liberal, or more or less oppressive, will be according to the general civilization of the peo-ple. Pains and penalties, discriminations on religious grounds, special immunities granted or denied on these grounds, compulsory taxa-tion for the support and propagation of relig-ion, the appointment and control of religious teachers, religious tests as qualifications for civil office or to testify in a court of justiceŠthese are among the things which the assump-tion carries along with it, and by which it makes itself operative. The principle is the same in all cases, varying only in the extent to which it is applied. It seems not a little strange that a principle fraught with so much evil and so essentially false, as well as absurd, should have lasted so long and spread so extensively among the nations of the earth, and that even now 'the 