"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 9. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 27, 1896. Price, three cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 30 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. GOD'S WORD VS. MAN'S WORD. WHEN' the Jews sent priests and Levites to inquire of John the Baptist, " Who art thou?" he replied, " I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias."' He was, in so far as he attracted the notice of men, the personification of the voice of God. The same may be said of the great reformers who have lived in other ages of the world. They have stood out from amidst the multitudes of their day, as salient figures in a con-flict between God's word and the word of man; yet not as being themselves the cynosures of the public gaze, but as color bearers, holding high the stan-dard of eternal truth Š the word of the living God. So it was with John Wy-cliffe, the first of the great re-formers of modern times. Our illustration presents him stand-ing before a convocation of Catholic prelates at Oxford. The scene is one characteristic of his whole experience as a reformer. He was never long free from the presence of the champions of popish dogmas and traditions. They opposed him with the word of man in its most exalted form,Šthe decrees of councils, the tradi-tions of " the fathers," and the bulls of "infallible" popes; and he replied to them with "Thus saith the Lord." Some-times surrounded by friends, but never lean-ing upon human support, he faced the foes of freedom and divine truth without flinching, John 1:23. and in his work was revealed again the truth of the prophet's utterance, " All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field; the grass withereth, the flower fadeth, . . but the word of our God shall stand forever."' The life of Wycliffe as a reformer is but a record of the battles of the word of God with religious error in the form of the traditions and commandments of men, and of its tri- umphs over them. Wycliffe himself well knew that the conflict waged by them was not with him. When some monks came one 2  Isa. 40: 6-8. day to enjoy the sight of the reformer lying ill upon what seemed his death-bed, and to pre-dict to him the speedy downfall of his work, he raised himself upon his couch, and pierc-ing them with his gaze, replied, " With what do you think you are contending? with a feeble old man, tottering upon the brink of the grave? No ; but with truthŠtruth, which is mightier than you, and will one day vanquish ,you!" The monks withdrew dis-comfited. The opposing forces of truth and error are still ranged against each other to-day; for the con-test is not yet ended. To-day the same power that opposed Wycliffe stands glorying in its might, trusting even that all the world will yet bow in wor-ship at its feet. It is holding forth the word of the mortal being whom it has pronounced " infallible," with the com-mandments and traditions of men, as superseding the pre-cepts of God. Nor does it flatter itself without reason, in human judgment, for all the world is looking upon it in wonder and admiration; all nations are working to confirm its decrees. In particular, that power is the Papacy; but in general, it is any earthly power, papal or Protestant, which clings to the evil principle of trust in the word of man. The issue is joined to-day for a decisive combat. God's Word declares, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." On the other hand, the word of manŠtra-ditions, church precept, and the civil " law "Šdeclares the first day to be the Sabbath. The first-day sabbath is Rome's heralded token of the supremacy  ofjher word in spiritual things; and in anticipation of her long-awaited tri-umph, she says in her heart, " I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." 3  Rev. 18: 7. Wycliffe Before the Convocation at Oxford. 