41 li Ii I ;gird' '' 11110,  iltylitir 1,440,41111* 11! ' tIA,k‚kumwa 'lltulIV,WR \ Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MAY 22, 1890. NUMBER 21. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITOR, - - - Ammo T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. "MORAL questions," says the National Reform Declaration of Principles, " can-not be determined by majorities; other-wise morals might be reversed at every election." This is true and it is just the reason why civil Government has no busi-ness to meddle with morals. We marvel that all cannot see this. Government can and should require all men to practice civility, but Morality is beyond the juris-diction of earthly governments and earthly courts. Ł -4 THE Christian Statesman mentions the " explicit Christian tone " of the prayers in Congress, and then says:Š They are the official and formal acknowledg-ment of the. Christian religion by the Legislature of the Nation. If the decision of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, that the Bible is a sectarian book, is good American doctrine, then these prayers are also 'sectarian. Precisely. That is just what they are; and to take the public money with which to pay for such prayers is to appropriate public funds to sectarian uses. Congress has no more right to spend the public money for this purpose than it has to build a Christian meeting-house, or to pay for the preaching of Christian. ser-mons. SOME people of Toronto, Canada, sent an address to the Emperor of Germany exhorting him to break loose from all connection with the Pope, and expressing the hope that he has been " chosen of God to strike Romanism its fatal blow." They tell him if he will do this and " march at the head of the advance thought of the hour, " that he "shall be more than the  Emperor of Germany." He shall, in short, " be one of the leaders of the embattled hosts of God on earth. "- We should like to know where these Toronto folks get their authority to ap-point leaders of the hosts of God on earth. But from the letter which the Emperor lately wrote to the Pope, we rather think that this exhortation of the people of Toronto will not be given that weight by the Emperor that they would like to have it ; even though it be at the risk of the splendid possibilities portrayed in the promise which they make to him. Righteousness and the State. THE Christian Union of April 24, set forth a short catechism on the subject of religion and the public schools, with the purpose of getting the reader committed to the sanction of religious instruction by the State. The catechism was somewhat involved however, and to make its point clearer, in the issue for May 1, it put the case in the following form:Š Ought the State to inculcate righteousness in its public schools ? For ourselves, we have no hesita-tion in saying that it has no right to maintain any public schools which do not inculcate righteousness. We suppose that the Christian Union means the right kind of righteousness. Let us see therefore what this is, and how it is obtained; then we will be better pre-pared to understand whether the State can make a success of inculcating right-eousness. Jesus Christ directed all people to " seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness." It is therefore, the right-eousness of God, that men are to.  seek. This only is the right kind of righteous-ness. Any righteousness which comes short of that, is not genuine righteous-ness,Šin short it is not righteousness at all. The State, therefore, in order to in-culcate the right kind of righteousness, must inculcate the righteousness of God, and to do that there will have to be a State recognition of the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which, in other words, would be the State recognition,  the State establishment, of Christianity. None but Christians could have any part in the Government; none but Christians could have any part as instructors in the public schools; Christians only would be qualified to have any part in the affairs of State, and such Christians only as possess the righteousness of God, in order that they might instruct the ungodly by every possible example, in the way of righteous-ness. That, it is seen at once, would be to turn the State into a Church; the Church and the State would be identical. But that did not work well when it was tried before, and it would work no better now. This single point shows plainly enough that it is impossible for the State to undertake the inculcation of righteous-ness. So much for the kind of righteous-ness which men must have. Now a few words as to how only that righteousness can be obtained. How is it made known to men ? We read " I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ : for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth ; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek. For therein is the righteousness of God revealed." This righteousness therefore is revealed in the gospel of Christ, and in that only. For the State therefore, to undertake to make known righteousness to the children in school, or to anybody anywhere else, it would necessarily have to take charge of the gospel of Christ, and expound that as such to the people. This it is seen again would at once turn the State into a Church, and Church and State would be identical. Having found what kind, of righteous-ness it is that men must have, and how that righteousness is made known, next, how is it acquired by individuals when made known to them ? How does it be-come their own ? Again we read : " Now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed' by the law and the prophets, even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe, for there is no difference." And let us read Romans 1: 16, 17, again " I am not 