74 A.1%/11E1=1,ICAN S.E.'N l:INIhIL VOL. 11, No. 10 palsied by the power of the word of God; the divine promise, " Lo, I am with you alway," was fulfilled, and all the authority of Leo X., backed up by the power of Charles V., was not sufficient to cope with the simple word of salvation spoken by Luther and his co-workers. "Our first object," said the Reformer, " must be to win men's hearts; and for that purpose we must preach the gospel. To day the word will fall into one heart, to-morrow into another, and it will operate in such a manner that each one will withdraw from the mass and abandon it. God does more by his word alone than you and I and all the world by our united strength. God lays hold upon the heart, and when the heart is taken, all is won." " " I will preach, discuss, and write; but I will constrain none, for faith is a voluntary act. See what I have done! I stood up against the pope, indulgences, and papists, but without violence or tumult. I put for-ward God's word; I preached and wroteŠthis was all I did. And yet while I was asleep, or seated familiarly at table with Amsdorff and Melancthon, . . . the word that I had preached overthrew popery, so that neither prince nor emperor has done it so much harm. And yet I did nothing: the Word alone did all. If I had wished to appeal to force, the whole of Germany would perhaps have been deluged with blood. But what would have seen the result? Ruin and deso-lation both to body and soul. I therefore kept quiet, and left the word to run through the world alone. Do you know what the devil thinks when he sees men resort to violence to propagate the gospel through the world? Seated with folded arms behind the fire of hell, Satan says, with malignant looks and frightful grin: 'Ah! how wise these madmen are to play my game!' But when he sees the word running and con-tending alone on the field of battle, then he is troubled, and his knees knock together; he shudders and faints with fear." " But having attained popularity some of the Reformers, like the bishops of the early church, forget the true source of power and fell. " The Reformation," says D'Aubigne, " was accomplished in the name of a spiritual principle. It had proclaimed for its teacher the Word of God; for salvation, faith; for king, Jesus Christ; for arms, the oly Ghost: and had by these very means rejected all worldly elements. Rome had been established by the law of a carnal commandment; the Reformation, by the *power of an endless life. "If there is any doctrine that distinguishes Christianity from every other religion, it is its spirituality. A heavenly life brought down to manŠsuch is its work; thus the op-p tsition of the spirit of the gospel to the spirit of the world, was the great fact which  signalized the entrance of Christianity among the nations. But what its Founder had sep-arated, had soon come together againŁ'  the Church had fallen into the arms of the world, and by this criminal union it had been reduced to the deplorable condition in which we find it at the era of the Reforma-tion. " Thus one of the greatest tasks of the six-teenth century was to restore the spiritual element to its rights. The gospel of the Reformers had nothing to do with the world and with politics. While the Roman hier-archy had become a matter of diplomacy and a court intrigue, the Reformation was des-tined to exercise no other influence over princes and people than that which proceeds from the gospel of peace. " If the Reformation, having attained a certain point, became untrue to its nature, began to parley and temporize with the world, and thus ceased to follow up the spiritual principle that it had so loudly proclaimed, it was faithless to God and to itself. " Henceforward its decline was at hand. " It is impossible for a society to prosper if it be unfaithful to the principles it lays down. Having abandoned what constituted its life, it can find naught but death. " It was God's will that this great truth should be inscribed on the very threshold of the temple he was then raising in the world; and a striking contrast was to make this truth stand gloriously prominent. " One portion of the reform was to seek the alliance of the world, and in this alliance find a destruction full of desolation. "Another portion, looking up to God, was haughtily to reject the arm of the flesh, and by this very act of faith secure a noble vic-tory. " If three centuries have gone astray, it is because they were unable to comprehend so holy and so solemn a lesson." " It was not to be expected that, emerging from the darkness of Romanism, the Reformers would step at once into the full light of the gospel of Jesus Christ; but the world had a right to -expect that they and those who should come after them would go on unto perfection. The protest of the German princes was the declaration of independence that made possi-ble our own American declaration of God-given, inalienable rights; and cherished and practiced as it might have been, it would have proved under God an emancipation prock ma-tion to a world enslaved by ecclesiasticism. But after more than three and a half cen-turies what do we see?ŠReligion and religious institutions established by law everywhere, and the papacy fast recovering her lost pres-tige. Nearly all of Europe has religious es-tablishments supported by taxation. Even in France the priests are stipendiaries of the State. While in our own land the Sunday institution, the " test of all religion," is enforced upon all by civil statute, and a pow-erful lobby is demanding of Congress, under threat of political boycott, the enactment of additional measures of religious legislation. Sad as is the fact, three centuries, yea, nearly four centuries, have gone astray " because they were unable to comprehend so holy and so solemn a lesson" as the gospel commission and the protest of the German princes; and because they knew not "the Scriptures, nor the power of God." 17  RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. RELIGIOUS legislation is always legislation against the true religion. It cannot possibly be anything else. Religious legislation means enfc reed relig-ious observances. Thus it is contrary to Christianity, which means religious observ-ances through faith. The scope of human legislation falls infi-nitely short of the scope of divine truth; and Christianity is divine truth. It is as high as the throne of God and as broad as the uni-verse. What folly, therefore, for finite man to undertake to enforce it, in any respect, by legislation which is the expression of his own finite conceptions! Such legislation would contract the infinite to the finite, and drag the divine down to the level of the' human, instead of elevating the human to the level of the divine, as Chris-tianity seeks to do. What folly, also, and worse than folly, for fallen man to set his sin-stained hand to the infinitely pure and holy law of God! For Christianity is a law; even " the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus." Rom. 8: 2. Such an act is a repetition, in aggravated form, of the folly of Uzza in trying to steady with his hand the ark of God. See 1 Chron. 13:9, 10. The force which directs Christianity in this world and makes it effective in the uplifting of mankind, is the holy Spirit. It alone is competent for such a work. Human agency can be properly brought into it only as a means directed and controlled by the Spirit. Whenever it is not so controlled it can only mar the work. And it is so controlled when, and only when, it is operating in perfect har-mony with God's Word. The Holy Spirit operates always by the power of God, and never by the power of the human arm.  Being thus against Christianity, religious legislation is never from God, and can never accomplish anything but evil. Ł AP- Ł THE UNSTABLE WALL. " And one built up a wall; and lo, others daubed it with untempered mortar." So wrote the prophet Ezekiel concerning the teachers that should presume to speak in the name of the Lord, when the Lord had not commanded it. Eze. 13: 10. Such a wall exists to-day in tl e institution of the Sunday sabbath. We have only to read the allegations put forth by its adherents in its support, to know that it is constructed with untempered mortar. For example, we notice some allegations contained in a recent sermon by Rev. J. H. Brookes, D. D., of St. Louis, Mo., on the occasion of the seventh anniversary of the " American Sabbath Union," and reported in the Mail and Express (N. Y.) of February 22. In his sermon Mr. Brookes labored of course to show from the Scripture that the Sunday institution is the true Sabbath; but no such proof can be obtained without perverting Scripture, and perverted Scripture is the most dangerous form of untruth. It is the untempered mortar with which the Sunday wall is daubed. The speaker admitted that the Sabbath was instituted at Creation, and that the fourth commandment has never been abol-ished, but is binding upon all men to-day. But he attempted to treat the Sabbath in-stitution as something distinct from the seventh day ! " Observe," he said, " it is not said, Re- Mark 16: 15. 9  Neander's " History of the Christian Religion," Vol. I, Sec, 1, Part 1, Div. 3, par 2. 4 Matt. 28: 20. 5  Heb. 4:12, s Rev. 6:2. 7  Eph. 6: 17. The doctrine and the sale of indulgences were powerful incentives to evil among an ignorant people. True, accord-ing to the Church. indulgences could benefit those only who promised to amend their lives, and who kept their word. But what could be expected from a tenet invented solely with a view to the profit that might be derived from it? The venders of indulgences were naturally tempted, for the better sale of their merchandize, to present their wares to the people in the most attractive and seducing aspect. The learned themselves did not fully understand the doctrine. All that the multitude saw in them was, that they permitted men to sin; and the merchants were not over eager to dissi-pate an error so favorable to their sale,ŠD'Aubigne's " His-tory of the Reformation," Book I, chap. 3. 9  Acts 8:18-23. 1? Rom. 3:22. 11  Ps. 42: 1. 12  Acts 16: 31. 19  Ps. 76: 10. 14 D'Aubigne's cŁ History of the Reformation," Book IX, Ohap, 8, is D'Aubigne's "History of the Reformation," Book XIV, chap. 1. 1,  Dr. W. W. Everts (Baptist), in a State Sunday conven-tion at Elgin, Ill., Nov. 8, 1887. ,7  Matt, 22: 29. 