.A_IVIERICA.N SENTINEL. 58 movement for Sunday legislation by Congress, and as strong a condemnation of it, as was ever uttered. Noth-ing worse would be said of it than that it is a repetition of the movement inaugurated by Constantine in the fourth century. That first "sample" Sunday law, which was a very mild one;  was speedily followed by others more rigid, until the "venerable day of the sun" was forced upon the observance of all classes by a law as complete and undisguisedly religious as the most ardent sun worshiper could desire. Out of that movement of Constantine's, begun by his Sunday edict, grew the union of Church and State, the Papacy, the Inquisition, and the persecution and death of millions of Christian mar-tyrs. How much worse could anything be than a move-ment which-starts out in the United States Government upon this same line? Therefore, upon the representation made by the friends and advocates of this proposed law, as well as from what appears in the law itself, we are totally and unalterably opposed to its enactment. Nor can we see how any lover of liberty who is familiar with the history of Constantine and of the era which he inaugurated in Church and State, can fail to be as fully opposed to it as ourselves. That the religious character of this bill is disguised, only makes it the worse, and the more worthy of opposition. Christianity and Common Law. AFTER reading Jefferson'14exposure of the fraud by . which' "Christianity" was made a part of the common law, which we reprinted last week, the reader may query, how, in the face of such an exposure, it could still be maintained by American judges that Christianity is a part of the Common As stated last week, Jefferson's exposeŠwritten in 1824, published in 1829Šwas a complete answer to the New York and Pennsylvania cases. It destroyed the basis upon which those cases was made to rest. Before a religious despotism could be further perpetuated in this country by the fraud that "Christianity is part of the common law," this argument of Jefferson's had to be overridden. This was done by Chief Justice Clayton, of Delaware, in 1837. In sustaining a conviction for " blasphemy," Chief -Justice Clayton proffered an answer to Jefferson's argu-Ł meat. Logically this proffered answer is a confirmation of Jefferson's argument rather than an answer to it; but as it was officially given as an answer, it has been allowed the weight-of an answer by those who wanted an estab-lished religion, though in fact no such weight justly be-longs to it. Justice*Clayton speaks of Jefferson as "this letter-writer" and says that the "letter is phrased in terms more becoming to the newspaper paragraphs [para-graphers / of the day than the opinion of a grave jurist. who feels respect for the memory of the eminent lawyers of,England, because he knows and can appreciate their  worth." It is thus plain at the start that Justice Clay-ton had more regard for authoritythan he had for sound argument; and this character he sustains even at the ex-pense of logically confirming Jefferson's argument while-he authoritatively overrides it. Jefferson had said that " Sir Matthew Hale lays it down in these words : 'Christianity is parcel of the laws. of England.' But he quotes no authority." And that "Lord Mansfield qualified a little by saying . . . that ' The essential principles of revealed religion are part of the common law.' But he cites no authority and leaves us at our peril to find out what in the opinion of the judge, and according to the measure of his foot or him, faith, are those essential principles of revealed religion obligatory upon us as a part of common law." To.this Justice Clayton says that "they had no oc-casion to cite any authority" ; and that "Sir Matthew Hale was an authority of himself, and is considered as a sufficient authority for a common law principle in every case when there is no contrary authority. What sources of legal knowledge his great erudition may have con-sulted on this subject, we have no means of certainly knowing nor is it necessary to inquire." This is the sum and the substance of his " answer " to Jefferson's argument. And thus in spite of logic, in spite of sound argument, in spite of the plainly written Con-stitution which he had taken an oath to uphold, and solely on the dictum of an English judge, he carries over and establishes in Delaware the English and papal prin-ciple of established religion. After all this it is interesting to see what argument he made on his own part, to land himself comfortably in, his arbitrary position. He made a distinction "between a religion preferred by law, and a religion preferred by the people without the coercion of law ; " and says that "every court in a civilized country is bound to notice what is the prevailing religion of the people" and by common law to protect it "to the full length of punishing any man who outraged the feelings of the people, by wantonly and maliciously reviling or ridiculing the reli-gion which they had freely preferred." He then says that if the people should change from the Christian religion and prefer Mahommedanism, then the courts would change their ruling also and punish as- Ł blasphemy the reviling or ridiculing of Mahommedanism, while taking no notice of such conduct toward Christian-ity. Then if the people should drop Mahommedanism and prefer the religion of Judaism or "Joe Smith," the-courts would punish as blasphemy the "malicious revil-ing of Moses" or of Mr. Smith. And all this change and counter-change because "no human power can restrain them from compelling every man, who lives among them,_ to respect their feelings." It is 'perfectly, plain, therefore, that Chief Justice-Clayton would not have been as 'just as Pilate was; but would have sent the Lord Jesus toŁ the cross upon the-high .priest's charge of blasphemy. If any would be in-clinedtto doubt this, then let him read the following:Š 