AUGUST 22, 1895. A.TVILL4IRI4CA._N" 261 WILL THERE BE CIVIL WAR IN CANADA ? [From the New York Sun, August 12.] SOME articles lately published in newspapers regarded as the organs of the party in power in Manitoba, indicate that the province will persist in its refusal so to modify the school laws as to give Catholics part of the education fund. Moreover, the Dominion Government is invited to explain how it expects to enforce the threatened remedial measures should it venture to enact them at the next session of the Ottawa Parliament. That is to say, the party dominant in Manitoba avows its resolve to repudiate the British North America act, as the charter of Canadian Confederation is called, and this' can only mean that if an at-tempt at coercion is made, an appeal for pro-tection to the United States will follow. It is; of course, possible for the lieutenant-governor of Manitoba, acting under instruc-tions from the governor-general of the Do-minion, to dismiss his present ministers and form a cabinet pledged to introduce a bill re-storing to Catholics the privileges formerly enjoyed by them in the matter of education. But no such bill would be passed by the pres-ent provincial legislature, nor is there any reason to suppose, in view of the great pre-ponderance of the Protestants among the elect-ors, that a new legislature would evince a more tractable spirit. Sooner or later, there-fore, the Tories, now in power at Ottawa, will have to keep the promise which they lately made to their Catholic supporters in Quebec, and carry through the Dominion Parliament remedial measures intended to supersede and override the will of the Manitoba legislature. The Tories will also have to provide for the execution of such measures by the coercive powers of the central government. It is nothing short, then, of civil war which seems likely to be the outcome of the educa-tion crisis in Canada. In the threatened col-lision, however, between Federal and provin-cial interests the conditions will be very different from those under which the Riel rebellion took place. Then the central power, in its determination to discipline the French Catholics of Manitoba, had the ardent support of the Protestants of Ontario, while arrayed no less zealously against it were the sympa-thies of the Catholic population of Quebec. Now it is the Catholics of Quebec who call upon the Dominion Government to see to it that their co-religionists in Manitoba are not deprived of the rights guaranteed to them by the Manitoba act under which the province was constituted a part of the Dominion in 1870. That act, repeating a provision of the British North America act, declared that the provincial legislature should make no laws "prejudicially affecting any right or privilege with respect to denominational schools which any class of persons have by law or practice in the province at the time of the union." Now, at that time the Catholics and Protes-tants in Manitoba were nearly equal in point of numbers, and the first education act passed by the provincial legislature gave, conformably to the previous practice, to each religious community complete control of its own schools, with an equal share in all money voted for primary education. This state of things lasted for some twenty years; but in 1890 the Prot-estants, who had come to constitute a great majority of the population, passed a law, mak-ing all public schools non-sectarian, and, while compelling Catholics to contribute to the school fund, refusing to appropriate any part of it for Catholic educational establish-ments. This law was declared unconstitu-tional by the governor-general of the Dominion in council, and upon appeal to the imperial  privy council the decision was confirmed. One of the most embarrassing questions which will confront Mr. Chamberlain, in his post of sec-retary for the colonies, will be whether, seeing that the Protestants of Manitoba refuse to obey the mandate of the imperial privy coun-cil, he will authorize the Dominion Govern-ment to resort to military force for the pur-pose of executing measures designed to rein-state the Catholics of Manitoba in their legal rights with regard to school money. Although the Catholics have law upon their side, it will be hard for Mr. Chamberlain, who is a nonconformist, to authorize the use of force to compel the appropriation of public money in Manitoba to denominational schools. It is even possible that the Tory Government at Ottawa will not ask him for such authori-zation; for the Orangemen of Ontario have given the ministers warning that they will enter on the path of coercion at their peril. The warning caused the Dominion Govern-ment to postpone definite action for six months; but this sign of hesitation gave such umbrage to their Quebec supporters that a crisis was only averted by an explicit pledge that, should the Manitobans in the interim fail to give the Catholics their rights, the necessary remedial measures should be intro-duced in.  the Ottawa House of Commons not later than next January. The dilemna, then, in which the Canadian Tories find themselves is this: If they make up their minds to enforce the constitution of the Dominion they will provoke civil war in Manitoba, and will cause the Protestants, who constitute a great majority in Ontario, to re-gard with detestation the scheme of Federal union contrived by Sir John Macdonald. If, on the other hand, the Dominion Government shall decline or delay to employ force for the coercion of Manitoba, the Catholic masters of the province of Quebec will have a strong motive for seceding from a confederation in which their co-religionists are deprived of their legal rights. A MAN-INVENTED CHURCH FESTIVAL. [From the New York Daily News, July 17.] THE penal code, in the sections quoted by Judge McAdam in his recent decision, uses the word "sabbath," for the first time, we believe, in the legislation of this State. Other enactments, for instance, the Revised Stat-utes, have, spoken of " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," as the period set apart for abstention from labor. We think this change of designations, made by the code, is unfortunate and incorrect, not only because introducing confusion into our law, but as wrongly describing the space of time intended. The " Sabbath" is the Hebrew word which the Bible uses for the last day of the week. " The seventh day is the Sabbath," say the ten commandments, which were dictated to Moses on Mount Sinai, and Saturday has been accordingly ever since observed by the Jewish people all over the world. The Emperor Con-stantine, though still a pagan, devoted the first day of the week to Christian observance, and the popes recommended Sunday and the general accord of Christendom established SundayŠthe day of the resurrectionŠas one upon which pious ceremonies and invocations should be invariably used. But neither Con-stantine nor the papal authority ever presumed to authoritatively declare Sunday to be a sabbath, and the term " Christian sabbath " is applied to it merely by usage and not by any divine direction. The Christian sabbath is therefore not the Sabbath as proclaimed by the Jewish Scriptures, and by the law given  to Moses on the Mount, for the Bible nowhere stamps it as sacred or applies it to the com-mands and prohibitions that belong to the Sabbath the Bible established. It is a man-invented, not a God-proclaimed church fes-tival. SUNDAY HYPOCRISY. [From the Truth Seeker, August 10.] OH, the hypocrisy of this Sunday business! On July 14th the 'old cup-defender, the Vig- ilant, and 'the new one, the Defender, tested their relative merits over the' course at New-port. Says the report of the New York Press:Š As it was Sunday, the race was not called a race, hut merely a friendly sail. It was a race, neverthe-less, and decided just what everybody wanted to know Šif the Defender was a faster boat than the improved Vigilant. Could anything imaginable be more childish and pueril? This pretense is akin to that which disgraces CongressŠif it doesŠwhen the hands of the clock are turned back if a session holds over into Sunday, and the jour-nal is made to read as the record of the pro-ceedings of Saturday. Will we ever, here in the United States, get out of our swaddling-clothes? FROM THE CHAIN-GANG. THE authorities of Rhea County, Tenn., have moved the chain-gang from the northern part of the county to the vicinity of Grays-ville, the home of the persecuted Adventists. The following extract from a letter written under date of August 13, by one of these criminals(?) will be of interest:Š We are located in an old two-story log house about one and a half miles north of Graysville. The house has been ceiled and weather-boarded in bygone days. All the windows have iron bars bolted across them. I slept last night behind the bars, but the door was open and the guard on the porch. We went to work on the road about one and a half miles north of Graysville, digging up trees and making the roads wider. Wright Rains and B. F. Bowers have jobs driving teams on the road. Martins furnishes teams. All are prominent persecutors of the Advent-ists. But I think what little pay they get out of it and the satisfaction of seeing us at work on the roads is all the good they will ever get out of it unless they become as Paul. The Graysville brethren and sisters came out to see us at work this afternoon. We don't think now that any of us will ever work again in the chain-gang. None of us are sorry that we have worked; but I think in the future we will let them do what they will with us, but we will not work, should we be again prosecuted for exercising our God-given rights. If we leave it in the hands of the Lord it will all come out right in the end. We are all well, healthy and happy. The sun has been extremely hot to-day. One big mulatto got so hot this afternoon he had to stop work, but none of us has done that yet. They furnish us plenty to eat now, and as Brother Morgan is cook, it is well prepared. My time should be out in a week from to-day. I must close as it is dark, and workhouse is out of lamp oil. THE LAW OF EQUALITY. [From the New York World, August 12.] THE law of equality is the foundation of the law of liberty. It is solely because men are " created equal" that they have an " unalien-able right ' to liberty. If men were not created equal then one man or some men would have the right to rule others, to dominate their wills, to control their conduct, to direct their consciences. Every instinct of the American people' denies the ex-istence of such a right anywhere on earth. Our system of government rests solely upon 