'q* N: \\‚‚‚ N  " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY, 1887. NUMBER 5. 712e Arr2eFicar2 rustunED MONTHLY, B MIN PACIFIC -PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-offee in Oakland. IN the Chri,itian Statesman, January 20, was published an article by Dr. T. K. Davis on "Using the Ballot for the Glory of God," in which he inquires, " Could any method of confessing and honoring Christ be more sig-nificant and emphatic than to vote for him ," And the italics are his. This article the States-man says "ought to waken earnest reflection in multitudes of Christian minds." We think it ought; especially in view of the National Reform efforts to make this the popular method of "confessing and honoring Christ." _1—.  4. IN the Christian Nation, February 9, 1887, Rev. W. J. Coleman says that Senator Sherman is credited with favoring an appropriation of one hundred millions of dollars for coast defenses, and then remarks as follows:Š "The hundred million which the Senator would expend on earth-works and great: guns, if put at interest, would yield as much every year as all the Christians in the United States give to foreign missions. And why would not that be a wiser way to expend it? It would soften our hearts at home until we would not want to fight, and it would raise our reputa-tion abroad so that our neighbors would not want to fight us." What a wonderful efficacy there must be in National Reform prescriptions. Why don't some of these Reformers persuade the Eu-ropean nations to adopt this method of raising their reputation? It would be a splendid missionary triumph if they only could do it. -Ł 4. THE SENTINEL frequently receives letters from people who want it to advocate this, that, or the other reform. Now we heartily sym-pathize with all true reformers. We know that intemperance is a horrible curse, that the devil has agents circulating vile literature in every place possible, and that unnamable vice is stalking through the land. But there are thousands of good people who by voice and pen are working with might and main to check these evils, while the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL is the only paper in existence whose sole object is to combat a rapidly-growing move-ment which, if successful, would make us a nation of slaves, not simply slaves in body, but what is far worse, slaves in conscience. And so while we bid all true reformers God-speed, we must confine ourselves to exposing the sophistries of those who under the name Pi reforin would rob us of all our liberties, Is Christ King of the Nations? IN the February number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL we published an article entitled, "National Reform Principles Exemplified," in which it was proved, by quotations from the publications of the " Reformers," that their professed intention is to "enthrone Christ," to " bring him into his kingdom," to " accept him as the nation's king," to make this Republic " one of the kingdoms of our Lord," etc. They assert that Christ is, by virtue of his office, king of the nations, but that this na-tion is depriving him of his right, in not ac-knowledging, in the Constitution, his kingship and sovereignty. They affirm that he is con-stituted king of the nations by virtue of his mediatorial o.,Oce. This we emphatically deny. Here the issue is squarely joined. Their er-ror is strenuously held and taught by the Covenanters; it is fundamental with the Na-tional ReformersŠthe corner-stone of their system. They endeavor to uphold their error by fal- lacious reasonings and by erroneous interpre-tations of prophecy. We will notice these points. 1. Fallacies in reasoning. In an article in the Christian Nation, September 15, 1886, are the following words:Š "It is objected that Christ is anointed king of Zion; he is the organic Head of the church, only; how then can he, as mediator, be king of nations? This, to some, seems to be an unsolvable problem. We will, however, refer the reader to the reign of Solomon for a solution (see 1 Kings 4:20-25). While Sol-omon was the proper organic head of the kings of Israel alone, yet it is recorded that `he reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the Philistines, and unto the bor-der of Egypt; they brought presents and served Solomon all the days of his life.' If Solomon could rule in a twofold capacity as king of Zion and king of nations, unquestionably Christ Jesus is competent to exercise dominion in the same manner.",  The fatal defect in this reasoning is, that there is not the shadow of a likeness between the reign of Solomon and the present reign of Christ. The writer starts out to meet the query, How can Christ be both mediator and king of nations? and proposes to answer it by referring to the reign of Solomon, who never was mediator at all! He solves noth-ing; he does not touch the question. Uzziah, a king on the throne of Solomon, once essayed to act as priest, and the Lord smote him with leprosy (2 Chron. 26: 16-21); and so would he have smitten Solomon if he had attempted to intrude upon the office of the priests, for that was given to the family of Aaron, and  the penalty of death was threatened against anyone who trespassed upon it. Num. 3:10. So inconclusive are their reasonings Another article in the Nation, which is highly commended by the editor, speaks of Christ as follows:Š " He is not divided; he is at once a prophet, a priest, and a king. The prophet is a king, and speaks with authority. On the cross Christ is a king, accepts an address as a Lord, remember, me when thou comest into thy kingdom'Šand answers as a kingŠ' To-day shalt thou be with me in Paradise.'" This is equally faulty, as to its reasoning and to the facts. Christ was filling the office of prophet on earth, but not of priest or king. Paul, to the Hebrews, makes an intended ar-gument on the priesthood of Christ, and sums up as follows "Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum : We have such an High Priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the Heavens; a minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man. For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices; wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer. For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law; who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things." Heb. 8:1-5. He has before declared that Christ was not a priest after the order of Aaron, but of Mel-chizedek, and, according to the flesh, he was of the same tribe as Uzziah, who was smitten of the Lord for essaying to act as priest, "of which tribe," says Paul, " no man gave attend-ance at the altar." The points in the apostle's summary are these: (1) Christ's priesthood is in Heaven, in a sanctuary not made by man. (2) He was not of the tribe of Levi, but of Judah. (3) Therefore, he could not be 'a priest on earth; he could not officiate in the sanctuary where earthly priests officiated. (4) The earthly sanctuary and service were but an example and shadow of heavenly things. As is said again in chap. 9 : 24: " For Christ is not en-tered into the holy places made with hands; which are the figures of the true; but into Heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us." The earthly priests, service, and sanctuary were types; if Christ had offi-ciated as a priest on -earth, he must have acted as a type of his own work in Heaven ! But argument on this point is not necessary; the words of Paul are plain, and must be decisive. Christ was not, and could not be, a priest on earth. Neither was he a king on earth, His 