THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 tion to the direction of his archbishop, where would be the difference so far as the principle is concerned ? It would not be any more an interference than in the case under considera-tion; yet had it been so, from one end of the land to the other, the press and pulpit would have been heard speaking out. Interference of any kind, and to any degree, with American politics, on the part of the Pope, should be re-sented not only by popular protest, but by the State Departmeia of our Government at Wash-' ington. The Pope should be given to under-stand that when he summons an American citizen to answer in Rome for political acts and words performed and spoken in the exer-cise of his political rights, he assails the Re-public. "No jugglery of word definition should be allowed. Rome is well up on that little trick. She knows, how to make the word religion elastic enough to mean anything that is wanted. She can easily make a definition to> mark any -political theory she wishes as "contrary to the teachings of the church," and then, under the pretext of discriminates.  ing between religion and politics, proceed by anathema and excommunication to carry out her purpose. The Republic is not called upon to' accept her definitions. It is intelligent enough to make its own, and strong enough to stand by them: This incident of Father McGlynn is a providential opportunity to hold up the Papacy before the people as it really is,Ša foreign power claiming the right to.  interfere with Governments. It is the old story. " It will not do to say that Rome does not allow its priests to mix in politics. It does. It has done, it. Priests are all the while mixing in politics. So long as they are fighting our common-school system, the very bulwark of our free institutions, not a word is heard from the bishops; they are all in it themselves. Nor from the Pope; that is in the line of his .temporal policy. But when a priest takes 'a political position that antagonizes the theories of Rome, then politics becomes religionŠa definition does itŠand the poor priest, if he :fails to see it in this light, is declared to be disobedient to the holy mother church, and exposed to all the censures and punishments that belong to the heretic. And what is that? The loss of his soul. So he himself and all good Catholics must regard it. What a terri-ble engine this for working mischief in the Republic! Whatever the outcome, whether Father McGlynn submits or leaves, the inci-dent is full of meaning and significance. Press, pulpit, and platform ought to give it full ven-tilation." Yes, the press, the pulpit, and the platform ought to ;give it full' ventilation, but they will not. Instead of giving this menace full ven-tilation or any ventilation at all, press, pulpit, and platform will pay assiduous court to Rome, and invoke her further interference. Rev. C. C. Stratton, D. D., one of the foremost men of the Methodist Church on the Pacific Coast, visits the Archbishop of San Francisco to form an alliance, in a political measure. The late Rev. A. A. Hodge, D. D., one of the  foremost men of the Presbyterian Church in all the country, only a little while before his death proposed a like alliance, to force religion into the public schools. The National Reform party, composed of " all evangelical denomi-nations " and the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, bids for the help of Rome, and pronounces itself willing to suffer rebuffs to gain her help to amend the Constitution of the Nation so as to make it recognize and en-force a national religion. The press of the Na-tion publishes whole columns of cablegrams from Rome, telling how imposing are the pa-rades and ceremonies of the Pope, what crowds of people attend, how they fall on their knees as the Pope enters in state, how many kiss his hand, and to whom is granted the sublime dignity of kissing his toe. Government ves-sels of the United States, carrying official rep-resentatives of the Government, put the Pa-pal flag in the place of honor, instead of the Stars and Stripes. And this is the way in which the pulpit, the platform, the press, and the Government, give " full ventilation " to the interference of the Pope with American politics ! A. T. J. Remains of Popery. IT is curious to observe how tenaciously the ecclesiastical mind still holds to some of the principles of Popery which were not uprooted by the Reformation. In the minds of many Protestants the functions' of civil rulers are in part spiritual, and they are ready to invoke the sword of government in the enforcement of religion. The Christian Instructor, published at Phil-adelphia, and representing the conservative wing of the United Presbyterian Church, looks with a jealous eye upon every ritualistic in-novation as a dangerous step toward Rome. In particular it deprecates the introduction of the organ in the praise service of the church as Romish in its origin and tendencies; and with a fidelity to its convictions that does it honor, gives the organ a sturdy opposition. It is however to be feared that the Instructor is going Romewards in another direction much faster than its contemporaries of ritualistic tendencies. Last year the governor of North Carolina issued a Thanksgiving Proclamation over which the Instructor rejoices, and expresses its approbation by saying, " We could wish we had more governors like him." The features of the proclamation that call forth this ardent indorsement are as follows :Š " Believing that God Almighty is the source of all authority and power in civil government, and recognizing him in the person of his Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, as the Saviour of man-kind and the giver of every good and perfect gift," etc. The confession the governor makes which so greatly pleases the Instructor is: (1) A con-fession of the governor's faith individually, and (2) a declaration by whose authority he appoints a day of worship. As to the governor's formal confession of his faith to the world, we have only to say that if that duty is inseparable from the functions pertaining to civil office, then it fol- lows that no one but a saint of God can per-form the duties and be eligible to civil office. That the governor's confession is one that no one but a Christian can make, is clear from the declarations of the Holy Spirit in the Scriptures. In Romans 10 :10 it is said : " With the heart man believeth unto righteous-ness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation." Also 1 John 4 :15 : " Whoso-ever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God." It will be seen, therefore, that no one but a Christian, except he be a detestable hypocrite, can act as a civil officer, if his duties are such as Governor Scoles has performed to the in-tense gratification of the Instructor. Let it be known generally that National Reform principles, if fully carried out, would make every man ineligible to office, who is not a professed Christian, and it would instantly fall to the ground. A government founded upon National Reform principles would sim-ply offer office as a bounty for the most de -testable and Heaven-daring hypocrisy, The Instructor, in indorsing Governor Scoles's avowal that his appointment of a day of wor-ship " by the authority of almighty God, through Jesus Christ his Son," goes Rome-wards further than the Ritualists can do, for it is the very essence and foundation of Popery. Do not misunderstand us; we recognize God Almighty as the source of all power and au-thority; we know it, and do not quarrel with Governor Scoles about that. What we deny is that God has ever given the civil ruler power to appoint days of prayer, thanksgiv-ing, praise, or any other part of divine wor-ship. The assumption by Governor Scoles of this power is the same in kind, and only differs from that of the Pope in extent. That Christ, the king and head of the church, has commissioned his church to appoint such days as are indicated in the providence of God, there can be no doubt. In thus doing they have the promise of the presence of Christ to direct them by his Spirit, and he binds in Heaven what is thus bound on earth. Has Christ, the head of the church, given the same authority to the civil ruler? We compassion-ate the man who has so little brains or is so hopelessly swayed by prejudice as to so assert. If the civil ruler has power to appoint one day for worship, he may appoint any number of days, and the church as an organization separate from the State is useless. His gov-ernment being purely spiritual, in a conflict of prerogative with the State, she must succumb, or the State carries the sword to compel obe-dience to its appointments. The power as-sumed by Governor' Scoles is the same as is described in 2 Thessalonians as the man of sin, "the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God." We do not unite with the Instructor in the wish that we had more such governors. Let the Instructor present any argument possible for the right of the civil ruler in the name of Almighty God through Christ as 