8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE New York Sabbath Committee are determined to Łpunish people in this city who violate the Sunday law by giving theatrical exhibitions. * * * BECAUSE an opera house which had recently been rebuilt in Newark, N. Y., was to be opened Thursday evening, on which evening the usual church prayer meetings are conducted in that town, the proprietor of the opera house was severely scored by a Newark cler-gyman from his pulpit, as having given "an affront to the Christian churches of this village." * * * This is treating the theater as a rival of the church; but a church which is in a condition to suffer from the rivalry of a worldly institution, is certainly not in the right condition spiritually. The opera house, consid-ered with reference to the exhibitions usually given, is against the church all the time, just as all worldliness is against the church; and if church members go to the opera on an evening when no church services are held, it is just as bad as regards their efficiency asChristian work-ers as if they went on prayer meeting evening. If church members lose from their hearts the vital power of godliness, at any time during the week, they are un-fitted for efficiency in the church to which they belong, and their connection with it is only a hindrance rather than a help. * * * When a church has reason to fear the rivalry of worldly show-giving institutions, it is evidence that the church is on a worldly level. On the high plane of spir-ituality no worldly institution can be planted; and while the church remains on that plane, as it is her high privilege constantly to do, attractions will be offered her adherents with which worldly allurements have no power at all to compete. * * * THE Secretary of the Treasury was quoted recently as saying, when asked for an explanation of some finan-cial dealings between himself as agent of the Govern-ment and a certain bank, that it was wholly a matter between the Government and the bank, and did not con-cern the people at all. If this is so, then it must be that the Government has come to be something apart and  distinct from the people, so that the concern of the one is not the concern of the other; and it is time ter a new definition of government in the United States. * Ł r THE "understanding" between England and the United States, in which it appears Germany also has some interest, has been gravely guaranteed by its pro-jectors to insure the peace of the world. Yet now, only a few weeks after this bombastic announcement, Eng-land finds herself facing the grave possibility of the breaking up of her empire, and the precipitation of world-wide war. The spectacle of two nations grasping hands to insure the world's peace, while both are en-gaged in war and one is even fighting to maintain her place as a world power, is a curious spectacle, and one which well illustrates the folly of human wisdom. * RECENTLY there was a convention of the Catholic Knights of Ohio in Delaware, 0., at which a "ringing speech," says the Catholic Mirror, was made by Bishop Horstmann. The purport of the bishop's speech was that Catholics in America ought to unite to secure greater prominence in politics. At the same time he said, "We thank God that we are the only church that has kept out of politics." * * He pointed to the record made by four leading C ith-olics in the German parliament: "WhyŠthose four men brought Bismarck with all his blood and iron down to their feet (applause). They stirred up all Germany; and you know to-day that King William has to hold out his hand to the Catholic Centrum, or 'therwise he cannot bold his power. They thought the last election would settle it, but the Catholics sent back not only their own power but increased it by ten. They have now a surplus of one hundred and thirteen,and nothing = can be done without their consent. That is what united Catholic Germany can do." * * And the like of this is just what the bishop wants "united Catholic America" to do in the United States. And yet the Catholic Church would not for anything go into politics! He even "told President McKinley once that if a priest should preach politics he would be sign-ing his own death warrant!" * * * And this conception of the nature of politics and of what constitutes going into politics, is not at all con-fined to this bishop or to the Catholic Church. It is a Catholic conception that has come to be generally held by Protestants. But the truth is that any church goes into politics just to the extent that its members go into politics; for in politics a church member is not separated from his religion. 