AMERICAN SENTINEL. 455 and faithful God, the poor storm-tossed sinner seeks rest and finds none.. It is waiting for him. God wills that he have it. He longs for it, would like to buy it, but can secure it only by giving God his heart, and this he will not do. When once this blessed step is taken it is not difficult to do all else. A man may easily lavish diamonds upon a wife to whom he is a traitor. But he cannot keep back from a wife whom he loves the things she needs when he has power to bestow them. A man or woman may give money or time to missions or charities from supremely selfish motives, but one whose heart is given to God can-not fail to be interested in the work for which Jesus Christ laid down his life. Where our hearts are there will easily and naturally go our treasure also. This text suggests two thoughts which should be helpful to us, and first, are our hearts given up to God? Has he a first place in our love? If not, all that we have done or may do cannot please Him. We may be mem-bers of the church, but we are doomed to hell if we do not love God. We may be self-righteous and popular with men, but God cannot abide us unless we love Him. Many church members act with God as a son of a mill-ionaire, selfish and thankless, might do who should try to buy his father's approbation for a cent. Are we ourselves happy in Jesus, and do we desire to benefit our fellows? We can only accomplish this by leading them to give their hearts to God? We may give them health, money, friends, praise, but if their hearts are alien from God they must be restless and dissatisfied in this world and hopeless and miserable in the world to come. Crooked Work in Behalf of Sunday. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: The following affidavit I copied word for word in the presence of the justice of the peace, T. C. Lantrip, from the original which he loaned me for the purpose:Š "State of Mississippi, Monroe Co. Ł "Before me, T. C. Lantrip, a justice of the peace of said county, G. P. Rye, on information makes affidavit that R. S. Owen, on or about the 14th day of May,1899, in said county, District No. 1, was found at work hoeing cotton, the same being Sunday the first day of the week, against the peace and dignity of the State of Mississippi. "G. P. RYE. "Sworn to and subscribed before me this seventeenth day of May, 1899. "T. C. LANTRIP, J. P." It was on the authority of this affidavit that I was arrested on the 27th day of May, and on th authority of the same I am to be tried on the 19th day of July. Mr. G. P. Rye lives when at home about a mile from my home. Mr. Lantrip, J. P., lives about five miles away. Mr. Rye is, I believe, a revenue officer. He has been away from home ever since my arrest till two days ago  when I met him at Amory. I had a little talk with him, and he gave me the following bit of information:Š Mr. Rye said, "I have heard of your arrest since I came back, and it has come to me that I was the prose-cutor, but this was the first that I knew of it. I never entered a complaint against you; only Mr. Lantrip came to me and asked me if I saw you at work. I of course told him that I did, but I did not know what you were hoeing." I asked, "Did you not sign a paper stat-ing that I was hoeing cotton?" "No," he replied, "I never signed any paper concerning you." "Did you not take an oath that I was seen at work on Sunday?" "I never did. I never have seen Mr. Lantrip since I saw him on the street when he asked me about your work." I was quite surprised to hear this, and as the Meth-odist minister was standing near by I asked him to state the same before him, which he did. Now this looks to me like a crooked piece of work for a man who is undertaking to correct by law his neigh-bor's religious practise. I am not prepared to say which one has told the falsehood; the future may bring that to light. But at any rate the one who is leading out in this prosecution is trying to cover up his tracks by false-hood. Mr. Lantrip is a member of the Baptist Church, so we would not expect him to make any untrue state-ment. Nor would we expect him to be in favor of relig-ious persecution; but some way there are indications that he will be as severe on me as he can. He made the constable double the amount of my bond after it had been written out with the usual amount for light cases of misdemeanor. Then he wants every witness that he can obtain whether they will be needed for my conviction or not; which will add to the costs of the trial. I hope to get a statement in writing from Mr. Rye. R. S. OWEN. [This was written prior to Mr. Owen's trial and acquittal, announced on our last page.] - -4. An Empress as a Miracle Worker. "New York Journal." THE cable brings an absurd story of how the people of Neweseilka, a village in Galicia, have been stirred by a "miracle." It seems that the owner of a portrait of the late Empress Elizabeth of Austria discovered blood oozing from the canvas at a point just above the heart of the empress. The occurrence was reported to the church authori-ties. Bishop Shuciewicz took charge of the painting. He, too, found blood upon it. The canvas was cleaned and hung upon the walls of the Greek church, where no one could tamper with it. The heart of the departed empress again stained the portrait with blood. The good bishop promptly declared it a "miracle," and pious pilgrims have come from remote lands to worship before the painting of the empress. 