AMERICAN SENTINEL. 103 Southerners were told that they must respect the rights of others; but the real purpose and accomplishment of the war was to show that the principle of the domination of man over man is exceeding broad and may be right-fully practiced wherever we are in power! Of course the Southerners were told that slavery must not be extended beyond certain limits, and that the traffic must remain within those limits; but it was simply that they might wait a little longer until that glorious time that was to be ushered in by the civil war, when the institution of slavery would be elevated to its proper dignity, when the doctrine of slavery extension would be expanded in its scope. so  as to embrace not a few States, but the whole world; when the traffic would become a matter, not of individuals in a certain section, but of whole nations of people wherever conquest might give to us the power of domination ! The slaves were liberated in the South, of course, but the object of the war was to show that we can establish slavery wherever we please and sell the slaves to anybody we please when we find that they are not a paying investment I Of course most people have thought that the civil war accomplished better things than these. But no, it simply knocked the "humbug" out of the JefferSonian phrase that "governments are instituted among men, deriving their,  just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." "Jeffersonian phrase" indeed! Well, there are phrases that are worse than Jeffersonian phrases, and such phrases abound in this country to-day. But we are thankful that this phrase is more than that. It is more even than a phrase of the Declaration. Thomas Jeffer-son knew that it was more than that, and because it was more he wrote it in the Declaration. It is one of the greatest principles of justice that ever found a place in the documents of human government. It may be "hum-bug" to tyrants, but liberty and justice declare that it has "stood the closest scrutiny and the severest tests; that it has been tried in the furnace and has proved pure; that it has been weighed in the balance and has not been found wanting; that it has been declared sterl-ing by the general consent of mankind, and is visibly stamped with the image and superscription of the Most High." No, the civil war did not knock any "humbug" out of that phrase; and a war "solely for humanity "Šno, not a thousand of themŠwill ever knock any " humbug" out of it. It is a principle of God's own government, and though the earth should remove and the heavens depart it will stand fast forever, strong in the might of original justice. The writer is a Southerner, and his father was a Southern soldier who followed the fortunes of the South throughout the war, beginning at Fort Sumpter on April 12, 1861, and ending at Appomattox in April, 1865. So perhaps, owing to sectional prejudice, he can-not look at this matter with that clear and unobstructed vision that is possible for the great republican news- papers of the North; but he has always credited Abraham Lincoln with understanding the object and purpose of the war which he largely directed, and has never been disposed to find any fault with his utterances on that point. The Bible, Protestantism, and Papacy. IS PAPACY BIBLICAL? BY S B. HORTON. Is PAPACY biblical? That is, does the papacy advo- cate the teaching of the Bible ? Does it claim that the holy Scriptures are all-sufficient for the followers of the Author of Christianity, and are they able to make one wise unto salvation? A little familiarity with papal literature will help one to arrive at a proper response to this question. Cardinal Gibbons, of Baltimore, takes very decided ground that the holy Scriptures are not sufficient as a rule of faith, nor a competent guide to salvation. This is what he says in his work, "The Faith of Our Fathers":Š " A rule of faith, or a competent guide to heaven, must be able to instruct in all the truths necessary for salvation. Now the Scriptures alone do not contain all the truths which a Christian is bound to believe, nor do they explicitly enjoin all the duties which he is obliged to practice. Not to mention other examples, is not every Christian obliged to sanctify Sunday, and to ab-stain on that day from unnecessary servile work? Is not the observance of this law among the most promi-nent of our sacred duties ? But you may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a sin-gle line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify." In the view of this leading prelate of the papacy it is evident that the Bible is not the sole rule of faith and a competent guide to heaven. This view of holy Scriptures is not biblical, and it is certainly the very opposite of the view assumed by Protestantism. Still the Cardinal's estimate of the value of the Bible is in keeping with all that has been said by the Roman Church aforetime on this point. For instance, Pius VI., in a Bull issued March 24, 1564, approved the work of the Council of Trent which enacted a code of rules on prohibited books, one of which reads as follows:Š " Rule 4. Inasmuch as it is manifest from experience, that if the holy Bible, translated into the vulgar tongue, be indiscriminately allowed to everyone, the temerity of men will cause more evil than good to arise from it, it is, on this point, referred to the judgment of the bishops or inquisitors, .who may, by the advice of the priest or con-fessor, permit the reading of the Bible translated into the vulgar tongue by Catholic authors, to those persons whose faith and piety, they apprehend, will be aug- 