280 AMERICAN SENTINEL. EVIDENTLY somewhat concerned over the apparent want of harmony between carnal warfare and the practice of Christian principles, The Independent, of this city, which feels bound to support the Government, has under-taken to satisfy itself and others of doubtful minds that the war undertaken with Spain is a Christian one. "The serious question to a Christian man," it says, "is, whether the war in which we have engaged is Chris-tian. As it is one in which we are the challenging, attacking party, this is a very serious, nay solemn, ques-tion." * * THE Independent then goes on to say that if the rea-son for the war is a Christian one, the war must be Chris-tian; and that the reason being not revenge or greed, but compassion for the suffering Cubans,Ša desire to put a stop to the miseries imposed upon them by SpainŠthe war is clearly one which Christianity both justifies and demands. That "Christianity is peace on earth," we are told, is true "never to bad-willing men." In conclu-sion it is stated that "as a Christian nation we have the duty to demand that the long, devastating and cruel war in Cuba shall end." * * THE war then, by this presentation, is a Christian war; the steps taken are Christian steps, taken for Christian reasons. Christianity is the impelling motive in the un-dertaking. But there is a question we would like to ask at this point. Do non-Christians engage in an undertak-ing from Christian motives? It must be admitted that very few of the men belonging to the United States navy are even professedly Christians The great majority of them are certainly non-Christians; and these are the men by whom this "Christian" war is being carried on. * * No; it cannot be true that non-Christians are actuated by Christian motives. The men who are actually con-ducting the war are not engaging in it from Christian motives. A non-Christian makes no account of Christian motives in his own life. A non-Christian is against Chris-tianity, just as certainly as it is true that the carnal heart is enmity to the law of God. And that this is so is di-rectly stated in the Word of God. * worldly standpoint; they are respectable, outwardly up- - right, obliging, regardful of the rights of their neighbors, etc., yet, by their own admission they are not Christians. They have not faith; they have not love to God. We are not talking about this class of good men or this standard of goodness. That is not under consideration. It is toŁ Christianity that this discussion. relates. It is asserted that the war is Christian; and to Christianity the ques-tion must be confined; not Christianity either as any one may choose to define it, but a-4 it is in truth, by the tes-timony of the Word of its Author, which alone is author-ity upon the subject. By this testimony it is certain, be-yond a shadow of doubt, that non Christians are not,_ and cannot without a change of heart, be actuated by Christian motives. "Whatsoever is not of faith, is sin." * IT is certain, therefore, that the men actually engaged,  in prosecuting the war are not actuated,  in so doing by Christian motives. Their motives may be all right from.  a worldly standpoint; we do not doubt that they are. But that is not the question. The question is not whether the war is undertaken and conducted in a civilized and. respectable way, and from motives of good will to one's neighbor which are shared by the atheist in common,  with the professor of religion. The question is whether the war is Christian. And it is evident that neither the-motives of the men conducting it, nor the weapons em-ployed, are recognized in the Text book of Christianity as pertaining to Christian life. * * * WHETHER in any case the principles of Christianity-would admit of carnal warfare or not, it is certain that a war cannot be Christian which is conducted by non--Christian individuals. This one fact settles the question, of the Christianity of the war with Spain. * * * A CHRISTIAN is one who follows Christ; and as Christ never drew the sword or sanctioned its drawing, no one can follow Christ in such a step. And this settles,  the question of the Christianity of carnal warfare in any case. IF missionaries in heathen and Roman Catholic lands Šas for example those of the American Board in SpainŠwould not identify themselves with any earthly govern-ment, but let it be known that they are citizens only of a heavenly country, and "strangers and pilgrims" in this world, and then show forth the spirit of the heavenly citizenship, they would not have to leave the field of their,  labors because of an outbreak of war like that betweent Spain and the United States. * * * OF course, there are a great many "good" men who are not Christians. They are good from the ordinary, CANON SCOTT-HOLLAND, a well-known English clergy- 