DECEMBER 13, 1894. iii,Tcyr IN 1-47;1,. 389 ante of Sunday as a day of rest, and to so change the Constitution of the United States that it would "disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." In other words, the logically inconsistent infidelŠthe hypocriteŠcould be a citizen, while the honest man, if a dissenter, could not be a citizen. To-day, in at least two different States, honest, peaceable citizens are behind prison bars, because they conscientiously rest on the seventh day of the week, in obedience to the command that says, "The seventh day -is the Sabbath; . . . in it thou shalt not do any work," and pursue their regular daily vocations on the first day of the week. The advocates of this " spanking " pro-cess say that it is necessary, or the "Amer-ican Sabbath will be lost to all the people." Perhaps so, for the people are beginning to learn that the Sabbath of Jehovah and the " American Sabbath " are two differ-ent institutions; that one is a rival to the other; that God has commanded his people to observe the one, and has never once hinted a word concerning the sacred char-acter of the other. Whether this people who are honestly and conscientiously fol-lowing the command of God regarding his Sabbath can be chastised into believing that it has no more claims upon them than the day that he has never once named as a day of rest, is a question for themselves alone to answer. We predict that they will only follow in the wake of others who have suffered for Christ's sake. When the "powers that be" undertook to chastise the apostles into quietude regard-ing the Christian religion, they answered, " Whether it be right to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." And when in the sixteenth century the civil powers undertook to compel the leaders of the Reformation into silence by legislative enactments, regarding the preaching of the gospel, with a united voice the princes responded, " Let us reject this decree; in matters of conscience the majority has no power." That was Protestantism at that time; it is Protestantism to-day, and this is the very essence of religious liberty. W. E. CORNELL. Des Moines, Ia. Ł Christ and the Civil Law. Š Š IT is worth while to remember that" Jesus of Nazareth was persecuted and put to death solely as a politico-social neces-sity. It was purely a "civil " affair. In the first place, Herod sought to kill him when he was an infant because the wise men came from the East, inquiring, " Where is he that is born King of the Jews ? " Still later, when the fame of Jesus had spread throughout the country because of the good works that he had done, and the people were turning to him, "the chief priests and the Pharisees held a council, and said, What do we ? for this man doeth many miracles. If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him, and the Ro-mans shall come and take away both our place and nation." John 11 : 47, 48. Then Caiaphas, the high priest, said, " Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." Finally, when he was arraigned before Pilate, it was on a charge of sedition and insurrection. Pilate found no fault in him, but the Jews cried out, " If thou let  this man go, thou art not Caesar's °friend; whosoever maketh himself a king, speak-eth against Caesar." John 19:12. Thus it was purely a matter of civil policy throughout. And yet it was solely because of Christ's religious character and teaching that it was done. But " the church," the Jewish people, had no power to put anybody to death, and the Roman government would pay no attention to their religious prejudices. Accordingly they were obliged to make it appear that Christ's religious teaching and practices tended to subvert the peace and even the very existence of the government; and on this basis he was put to death. Will any one say that the crucifixion of Jesus was any the lees a heaven-daring crime be-cause he was put to death as a violator of civil order ? Let no one, therefore, think to excuse the persecution of men for keeping the Sabbath instead of Sunday, by saying that Sunday laws are civil, and not religious. Whatever they are called, one fact re-mains, and that is that they are in direct opposition to the God of heaven and earth. ŠPresent Truth, London, England. What Is Babylon? BABYLON is composed of the mother church and her daughters. Rev. 17:5. Babel is Babylon. Babel is confusion, disorder. Self-contradiction is confusion. A mixture of good and bad is disorder. In the Michigan Christian Advocate of March 10, 1894, Rev. L. Wigle, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church of Indian River, Mich., makes serious charges against the people who are called Seventh-day Adventists; which be has a right to do, providing he tells the truth. Mr. Wigle's charges, however, are false; and that he cannot be believed will be shown by three witnesses from his own church, whose testimony clearly shows one of his claims to be false, and as other charges that he makes have nothing to sustain them but his own words and a few misapplied extracts, the examination of only one charge, with its accompanying claim, will show that his word is unreli-able, and that the teachings of his church are contradictory. In an indirect way Mr. Wigle claims to be walking according to the Bible, for he says, " We prefer to listen to our old Bible still." In the same indirect way he says of the Seventh-day Adventists, " To meet them, we need to fortify ourselves with Scripture." This is a charge that Ad-ventists are walking contrary to the Scriptures and a claim that he and his church are walking according to the Scriptures. That his claim is the opposite of the truth is proved by the following wit-nesses : Dr. Binney, in his Theological Compend,* attempts to defend infant bap-tism. He admits that there is no positive command for it, and he attempts to parry the force of this fact by saying, "Nor is there any for keeping holy the first day of the week." Here is proof that Method-ists, instead of the Adventists, are walk-ing contrary to God's Word. Methodists claim that it is a sin to work on the first day of the week, but the Bible says, " Where no law is, there is no trans-gression." Dr. Binney admits that God * Published by Poe and Hitchcock for the Methodist. Episco-pal Church, at the Western Book Concern, corner Main and Eighth Sts., Cincinnatti, edition of 1865, page 113, and page 181, improved edition, 1875. has no law of that kind; and no person in Mr. Wigle's church, or anywhere else, has ever found a command in the Bible for-bidding work on Sunday. So when any church, or all the churches combined, claim that it is a sin to work on the first day of the week, they are assuming that they know more than the one who gave us the Bible; who alone has a right to tell us what sin is. Instead of teaching obedience to the one Law-giver, the churches have fallen so far that they take it upon themselves to man-ufacture something that they call God's law, and declare it as his statutes. This is proved by the second witness which we produce against Mr. Wigle's testimony. According to a sermon of our second witness, reported in the Chicago Herald of May 22, 1893, Rev. James Miller, pastor of the Marshfield Avenue Methodist Church, Chicago, in preaching to his own congre-gation, May 21, said :Š We Christians have changed the day and have de-creed that the first, and not the seventh, day shall be observed as the Sabbath; and we have done this with-out any pretense of authority from either the Old or New Testament, except that which is strained and forced to meet the emergency of an argument. Mr. Miller states the case about as it is, if by his term, " we Christians," we un-derstand him to mean people who are called Christians. No doubt many of the class of Christians who have done this thing, and who are now defending the thing that has been done, dislike very much to be exposed by Mr. Miller's words, but his words are sustained, and cannot be denied. That wicked charge was made hundreds of years ago, and men are still sustaining that wicked thing. And in this they are not only trampling upon God's authority themselves, but they are making almost superhuman efforts to keep people in ignorance of what God's Word commands, and what it does not com-mand. God says, " In vain they do wor-ship me, teaching for doctrines the' com-mandments of men; " yet they are laboring hard to hold people in obedience to an institution of man, in opposition to what God commands. Methodist ministers are uniting with others to secure the convic-tion and imprisonment of those who obey the commandment of God rather than the commandment of men. The fiftieth Psalm tells us that when the Lord comes he will say to the wicked, " What hast thou to do to declare my statutes, or that thou shouldest take my covenant in thy mouth ? Seeing thou hatest instruction, and castest my words behind thee." The third witness which we produce against Mr. Wigle is Rev. James H. Potts, D. D., editor of the Michigan Christian Advocate. In his pamphlet entitled, " The Lord's Day, Our Sabbath," Dr. Potts ex-presses himself decidedly against looking to the Bible for a command in the matter of difference between him and Seventh-day Adventists. He mentions the demand that some make for a command of God concerning the keeping of Sunday, and, being unable to find one, he says, " Such a demand is absurd." If he could find such a command he would gladly produce it for the benefit of those who still have some respect for the authority of God's Word, but as he cannot find one, he is obliged to confess it by saying, " Such a demand is absurd." This is found on page 25 of his old edition, but on page 40 of his revised edition of 1894, he says, " This requirement is absurd." We have 