THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 99 the good that he knows. Not to do the good that he knows is immorality. To tell him that he ought to do the good that he already knows, without telling of the power by which alone he can do it, does not help him a particle. To tell him of the power by which alone he can do it, is to point him to Jesus Christ. To point him to Christ, to obtain this power, is to inculcate faitt. in Christ, because the power is manifested only to those who be-lieve in him. This is to teach distinctively a religious and even a sectarian doctrine. Therefore the culmination of the logic of the whole matter is that upon which THE SENTINEL has always insisted, that aside from a living faith in Jesus Christ, there is no morality in this world; and that, as the State can not teach faith in Christ, by which alone morality can -be attained, the State can not teach morality. This work was committed by Christ to the Church. To the Church, and not to the State, he said, " Go and teach all na-tions whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo, I am with you." Upon the Church, not upon the State, he bestowed the gift of the Spirit of God, by which is mani-fested the power of God to men, enabling them to will and to do the good which every one may know. Instruction in morality, therefore, can be given only by the Church of Christ through the power of God. If the professed church of Christ has lost the power and Spirit of God; that is her fault. But when this loss is discovered, let not the State, either by the professed church, or byŁ any other consideration, suffer itself to be drawn into any attempt to do the work of the Church, and supply her lack. Let the civil Government keep its place, and at-tend to that which is civil. Let the State inculcate the principle of civil rights, not moral right. This the State can always do with profit. But the State can never touch the ground of moral right, without obtruding its clumsy form into the realm of faith and conscience, and working only irreparable wrong. We have yet another article to present upon the system of ethics propounded ill this book; therefore we shall close this one with the single observation that the grounds of-  morality or right presented by Mr. BierbowerŠare only sinking sand, and will swallow up in both. civil and moral perdition, all who put their trust in, them. A. T. J. THE object of the Sunday reform move-ment is not singleŠit means more than merely a release from compulsory labor. It would punish voluntary labor, other than laid down by its narrow limitsŠwhich 14 rest and worship. Whenever we enact a dolnpulsory worship law . we shall have turned back the hands of progress and freedom to the days of darkness and horror implied by the " Blue Laws " and -the Inquisition.Š Western, Herald. Some Observations on National Reform. THE following from the Christian Na-tion, an organ of the Reformed Presby-terian Church, will be of interest to the readers of THE SENTINEL :Š A subscriber has propounded to us a series of questions, asking for our reply to each one. Question 1. ŠWould it not be the proper way to settle the trouble in the church to leave it to a vote of the church whether members can vote and hold office ? Would it not be all right to petition Synod to do this ? Reply. ŠThe church has already declared that voting and holding office under an immoral Gov-ernment is sin. Question 8.ŠIs not voting and paying taxes the same thing, or on the same principle: one helps to put the man in office while the other pays his salary. Reply.ŠGovernment is of God, for the good of those who are under the Government. Because men have made it immoral, does not relieve us, as Christians, from paying our just proportion of its legitimate expenses for promoting the temporal welfare of the people. Neither does our paying this proportion involve us in the sin of the Government. Christ paid taxes for the support of a government which was in open rebellion to him. Question 8. ŠDoes not the Bible tell us to choose out men for office ? Reply. ŠYes, it does. and when this Governthent is ordained and established in God's name, as was the government to the citizens of which that in-struction was given, we will be ready and happy "to choose out men for office," and take a few offices ourselves occasionally. We suppose that inasmuch as " the church has said that voting is sin," those who are in " the church " will have to abide by that decision or else get out of "the church." It would seem, however, that it would be altogetherŁ more satisfac-tory to Christians to know what the Bible teaches on the subject than to know what "the church has already declared." In the eighth chapter of Acts is recorded the baptism of " a man of Ethiopia, a eunuch of great authority under Candace, queen of the Ethiopians, who had charge of all her treasure." It is related that Philip preached the gospel to this man, and that coming to water he baptized him, but no hint is given that Philip required the eunuch to resign his office. Evidently Philip was not a Reformed Presbyterian. And it is also evident that at that time " the church " had not decided that, " hold-ing office under an immoral Government is sin." Another thought. Are we to under-stand from the Christian Nation that only " moral governments " are ordained of God ? What about the Roman Govern-ment under which Paul- lived ? Is it not much more reasonable and much more scriptural to believe that by the very act of placing social beings together in this world, God ordained that they should govern one another in social matters ? that he ordained that civil government should' exist ? and that that government should be carried on by the people either directly or by chosen representatives, or rulers, ir-respective of their moral characters ? To hold otherwise outlaws all government except the Church, or that which the  Church shall endorse, and really makes government a thing to be enjoyed only by those who are religious, or at least by those who live among those who are re-ligious. And then only the religious have any right to participate in it, which brings us again to the National Reform conclu-sion that infidels should be disfranchised, or banished, and that only Christian men should be eligible for office. Well may the National Reformers say : " We will be ready and happy to choose out men for office ; and take a few of the offices our-selves occasionally." Certainly they will ; they will see to it that the offices are prop- erly filledŠby themselves. C. P. B. Not a Christian Government. To THE EDITOR: In the Christian Nation, of November 19, we find the following :Š A committee of ministers and laymen, headed by Dr. I. N. Hays, of Pittsburg, Pa., about three weeks ago called on Presi-dent Harrison and urged that Christ be suitably acknowledged in his forthcoming Thanksgiving proclamation. We regret to place on record that he refused the committee's request, stat-ing that he did not believe it would be in harmony with our institutions. The same request was made the year previous with like result. Some have always held that the Government of this country is not Christian. This view is confirmed by the President, who, of all men, should understand the character of the Government of which he is the head. Now a question arises: May an individual or nation approach God apart from Jesus Christ the Mediator, and the Governor of nations ? It is written, " Thrones and dominions, principalities and powers, were created by Him and for Him." Will the editor please consider it and speak his mind? SAMUEL ALLEN. Balm., Pa., Jan. 8, 1891. This demand for a formal recognition of the sovereignty of Chrst appears to have its origin in a looseness of phraseology and a consequent confusion of ideas. It may be well enough in ordinary conversation to call a people who, as a whole, accept the Christian religion theoretically, a Chris-tian nation, because no one is deceived by that expression. But before basing an argument on any word it is necessary to make sure that the word, as used, expresses an exact and correct idea. Does Mr. Allen really believe, that in the proper significance of the word, the American people are a Christian Nation ? And if they are not a Christian Nation how can they possibly have a Christian Government ? A Christian, strictly speak-ing, is a man who believes on the Lord Jesus Christ as his personal Saviour, and who, because of his acceptance of Christ; has been adopted into the family of God. Are all the people of this country Chris-tians ? Are there even a majority of Chris-. tians in the Nation ? If not, how can we possibly be a Christian Nation ? Jesus himself said-" My kingdom is not of this world." It is -no part of his plan under the present dispensation to impose his authority on unwilling hearts. An official recognition of Christ as the ruler of this country would be a recognition of a claim which he has never authorized to be made on his behalf, and would be a 