396 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A Voice for Liberty. BY W. E. GERALD. THE injunction of Christian Endeavorers to "look up your laws" (that is, Sunday laws) is being carried out in many places. But an opposite tendency that is quite singular for these times was seen last winter in the State of Colorado. A bill was presented to the legislature which allowed places of amusement to be kept open on Sunday. The Denver Daily News, of FebruaryŁ8, contained an account of the arguments of three ministers of that city. Two were against the bill. The following are extracts from the argument of Rev. Mr. Utter, of Unity Church, in favor of religious liberty. Speaking of the origin of Sunday, he said that "East-ern Christian kept the Sabbath (Saturday) up to the time of Constantine. Before that time nobodyhad trans-ferred many of the features of the Sabbath (Saturday) to the first day of the week. The epoch-making edict of the so-called first Christian emperor commanded the people of cities and towns to abstain from labor on the vener-able day of the sun. His motives in this edict have been questioned. Christian and pagan sentiments may have mingled with policy in appointing a day for worship that would be acceptable to both. But if ever there was a command that transferred the features of sacredness and rest from the Sabbath to Sunday it was this given by Constantine. He gave to the world the Roman Catholic Sunday. It is that now often spoken of as the Euro-pean Sunday, but it prevails in South America, Mexico and elsewhere, and wherever the Roman Church domin-ates custom and sentiment. "It is not a sacred day. After the appointed reli-gious services it is a holiday. The Roman Catholic Church has no Sabbath, never had; never pretended to have. The Lutheran church follows the example of the mother church in its use of Sunday. So the Lutherans escaped the revival of the rigorous [by reason of their traditionsŠw. E. G.] Jewish Sabbath. The English re-formers were not so fortunate. John Calvin, the dys-peptic, wrote their theology for them and they made Sunday into a sabbath. That Calvanistic Sunday was brought over to New England by our Puritan forefathers. (I am almost glad they were not my forefathers when I think of their Sunday.) . . . "Should the majority put down the minority? The sabbath (Sunday) people should beware of that rule as the majority even now have forsaken all churches almost completely. Why not have a free country? Why not simply let the laws stand that forbid the disturbance of meetings and disorderly behavior in general, and repeal all the rest, and allow everybody an equal right to spend Sunday as any other day, in the way he thinks best? Because, answer the sabbatarians (Sunday peo-ple), this is a Christian nation and Christian institutions must be respected. " But if we go back to the fourth commandment, that requires that the seventh dayŠSaturdayŠbe the holy day, no authority but that of Constantine exists for not working on Sunday. Why should the Ministerial Alliance and so many other good people hasten so zealously to to oppose Mr. Engley's bill? Does he propose hindering you and me from enjoying our church service or spending our Sunday as we like? Do these good brethren wish to impose their views or customs upon others by law? It is not according to my taste to have Sunday picnics; but it is in accord with my sense of justice to allow all people equal liberty, but no one liberty to do wrong. " Some one may reply, Restraining the wrong-doers comes under the province of lawŠon any day. But is desecrating the sabbath' wrong-doing? The Sabbath is SaturdayŠno getting away from that. Nothing in the New Testament makes Sunday a sabbath. . . . We go too far to try to deprive others of their liberty to make it a holiday." Further on, Mr. Utter said: "If you cannot execute a law it is better to repeal it to prevent hypocrisy." And again, " Leaning on the law in matters of religion is like leaning on a broken reedŠthe outcome is weakness or injury." The principle of liberty, as enunciated by Jesus Christ, is not yet extinct, thank God, but still exists in the breasts of some men, as the utterances of this clergyman show. RECENTLY, in an allusion to Queen Victoria's long reign, Dr. Joseph Parker, the well-known London clergy-man, said : "We owe much to the queen, but the queen owes much more to us. Let her close her splendid reign by restoring to God the titles ' Head of the Church' and ' Defender of the Faith.' " These words elicited cheers from his audience. But the truth is that the queen has nothing of this kind to restore to God. The title "Head of the Church" is one which Henry VIII. assumed in deference to his own pride when he quarreled with and separated from the pope; and that of "Defender of the Faith" was bestowed on him by the pope before this separation as a compliment to the monarch for having written a book against the reformer, Martin Luther. The only thing any person can give or restore to the Lord, is himself. .. 4 4 BY act of the Sultan of Zanzibar, the legal status of slavery in that island has been abolished. Of the effect of the decree of abolition the United States consul at Zanzibar says : "It was thought by many persons that the effect of freeing the slaves would be to throw many thou-sand negroes on their own resources, and that great suf-fering and privation would ensue for three or four years ; but from what I can see not one person will suffer in the slightest degree. In my opinion not ten per cent. of the present generation of slaves will leave their masters, and, 