AMERICAN SENTINEL. 57 v$,ActotJeJtotActAt ot.0.4,AAPtototAttc4APIAAAAPLAA.4.4 'TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS: There has k started with the new year a great move- It, ment all over the country on the Sunday IcŁ 1c. question, and an immense amount of liter- k ature in favor of Sunday laws is being U. placed in the hands of the people. Peti sti  - '41 tions are being circulated, and in almost U. *21 every State bills for the enactment of re- u‚  ligious laws are already under discus- It sion. Do YOU not want to do something ‚ts  '51 in this crisis to get the SENTINEL into ‚c. the hands of the people in your commun- '1 ity? If you do, now is the time to do it. '51 THE PUBLISHERS. 14, 34'20:4Wife' e'vWreaf14'see'SW:eWavaf' Wer(WaeteleV' American Principles Contrary to the Policy of Expansion. Extracts from Speech in U. S. Senate by Senator Mason, of Illinois. IT is with the law of liberty as it is with the law of loveŠthe more you give the more you have. Mr. Presi-dent, if you, by your prejudice against me, bind me in a chain, your soul, as well as mine, feels the imprint of the bond. When Lincoln, as the instrument of God, struck the shackles from a million slaves, he struck the same shackles from your arms and from mine as well. You cannot govern the Philippine Islands without taxing them. You have not yet their consent to tax them. You propose again to tax without representa-tion. Look out for tea parties. Those semisocial func-tions are liable to occur, for Yankee Doodle and Dixie and the Star-Spangled Banner have been heard in the Archipelago. Mr. President, in the light of the construction given to liberty by one of the distinguished Senators of this body, who has amended the Declaration of Independence in his speech here by inserting the words "some of the people," let me read, in the light of that definition, the definition of liberty as given by Webster. Webster said:Š "There is, gentlemen, the great element of human happiness mixed up with other. We have our social affections; we have our family affections; but then we have this sentiment of our country, which imbues all our hearts and enters into all our other feelings; and this sentiment of country is an affection not only for the soil on which were we born; it not only appertains to our parents and sisters and brothers and friends, but our habits and institutions, and to the government of that country in all respects. "We may talk of it as we please, but there is nothing that satisfies the human mind in an enlightened age un _ less man is governed by his own country and the insti. tutions of his own government." Hear this sentence, and remember this if you forget all I shall say to day. No matter how easy the yoke, though our dearly  beloved friends who are going to govern the Philippine may use a silken cord, a golden chain, Webster says:Š "No matter how easy may be the yoke of a foreign powerŠ" And we are a foreign power so far as the Philippines are concerned; we can not speak their language; we can not read their newspapersŠ "No matter how easy may be the yoke of a foreign powerŠno matter how lightly it sits upon the shoulders, if it is not imposed by the voice of his own nation and of his own country, he will not, he can not, and he means not to be happy under its burden." No matter how easy the yoke, he means not to be happy. But, Mr. President, we are told that they can not govern themselves. Where is the student of evolu-tion who talks like this? Where is the man who has read who does not know that all government is made to fit the people and does not rise either above or below the people themselves? Who does not know the difference between "canned liberty," as the distinguished Speaker of the House calls it, and the genuine liberty which we enjoy? No, no; they can not govern themselves. I was told so the other day by one of my beloved constituents, who never governs himself fifteen minutes at a time; but he was willing to take an assignment under the present Administration to govern all the Philippines at a fair salary! Can not govern themselves! Every man who ever owned a slave always said: "Why, you poor, down-trodden slave, I own you fOr your own good, just to help you; I eat my bread in the sweat of your face just to keep you safe and sound from the ways of danger; and in order that I may continue to exercise this Christian duty do not let me catch you with a spelling book in your hand." Can not govern themselves ! And we are to say that to-day to the poor, God-forsaken, downtrodden people of the Philippine Islands; and while we whisper the words of consolation into their ears that we are to give them liberty and life, we wink the other eye to the merchants of the country, and say: "We will extend commerce and sell more calico." But welare to exercise the right of taxation without representation. We rare to govern the ad valorem and the specific duties. Ah, my friends, look out; for once the spirit:of imperialism governs the poor and weak 10,-000 miles away,lookiout that that spirit does not touch you nearer home. WhenlKossuth wrote the declaration of Hungarian independence he had in mind our own Declaration of Independence. So he said here in Washington. For over one hundred years every lover of liberty has pointed to this sentence within this resolution: "All just powers of government are derived from the consent of the gov-erned." This sentence, Mr. President, has been a pillar of fire 