THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 339 lutions requesting and instructing their representatives in Congress to vote for the repeal of the Sunday closing condition in the World's Fair appropriation. This appeal will scarcely be without some effect, and many meetings of the kind desired will doubtless be held as soon as the presidential election excitement is over, when there will yet be time left to take action on the other matter. The con-dition imposed by Congress appears on its face to be in direct violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which provides that Congress shall pass no laws respecting the establishment of any religion or prohib-iting the exercise of any religion. Judge Storey, one of the ablest judges, declared that the object of the framers of the Con-stitution was not alone to prevent the establishment of a national religion, but also to prevent any religious legislation. Now a minority of the population of the country come forward and say they want legislation and Congress yields to them, utterly ignoring the vast majority who have protested against any such interfer-ence with their constitutional rights. Religious Proclamations. AN interesting question arose recently, in this State, in regard to the President's Proclamation declaring October 21st a legal holiday. The Governor of New York issued no proclamation; and the question that arose was, " Does the Pres-ident's Proclamation make the 21st of Oc-tober a legal holiday in New York ?" The law of New York makes New Year's Day, Washington's Birthday, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, Labor Day, Christmas, and every general election day, public holidays; also any other day appointed or recommended, by the governor of the State or the President of the United States, as a day of thanksgiving or fasting and prayer, or other religious observance. The view of the matter generally taken in this city was thus expressed by a lead-ing lawyer :Š The President of the United States has appointed or recommended that Friday, October 21, 1892, be set apart as a holiday, and in that proclamation the President recommends that the people cease from their daily vocations and devote themselves to such exercises as may best give honor to the dis-covery of America. He further recommends that the people assemble in the churches, and by religious exercises, in a fitting manner, give expressions of gratitude to Divine Providence for the divine care which has directed our history and blessed our peo-ple. By this proclamation the President has set aside this day especially for religious observance, and by so doing he has brought the day within the provision of the New York statute as being one set aside for religious observance. It seems to me there can be little doubt that the President's proclamation makes October 21, 1892, a legal holiday in the State of New York It does not seem necessary that the Governor of the State of New York should make any proclama-tion upon this subject in order to make to-morrow a legal holiday any more than it would be for the Governor to make a proclamation making New Year's Day a legal holiday, for the New York State statute makes any day set apart by the President of the United States for religious observance a holi-day just as much as the same statute makes New Year's Day a legal holiday. It has so long been the custom in this country for the President and the govern-ors of the several States to appoint an annual thanksgiving day that very few people think strange that it should be so, and never stop to inquire as to the pro-priety of a civil ruler setting apart a day for religious purposes. But the way in which this has been put in the foregoing  legal opinion, presents this matter in a little different light. In this opinion it is said, and correctly so too, that the day was " set apart by the President of the United States as a day of religious observ-ance." This leads to the inquiry, What right has the President, or any other civil officer, to set apart a day for religious purposes ? The framers of the Constitution cer-tainly had no thought of conferring upon the President the power to set apart days for religious purposes. President Jeffer-son, who certainly understood the real intent of the Constitution as well as any man, refused to issue any religious proc-lamation, and in a letter to Rev. Mr. Miller, near the close of his second term, gave his reason thus:Š I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermed-dling with religious institutions, their doctrines, disciplines, or exercises. Under the rule laid down by Chief Justice Waite, namely, that to ascertain the meaning of the First Amendment to the Constitution, we must go " to the his-tory of the times in the midst of which the provision was adopted," religious proc-lamations are clearly excluded. Of this amendment Jefferson said that it directly precluded the United States from assuming an authority over religious exercises. To the plea that a thanksgiving proc-lamation was only a recommendation, Jeff-erson said: it is only proposed that I should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fasting and prayer.. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exercises, which the Constitution has directly precluded them from. It must be meant, too, that this recommendation is to carry some authority, and to be sanctioned by some penalty, on those who disregard it; not, in-deed, of fine and imprisonment, but of some de-gree of proscription, perhaps, in public opinion. And does the change in the nature of the penalty make the recommendation.less a law of conduct for those to whom it is directed ? Concerning the effect of such proclama-tions on religion itself, Jefferson said :Š I do not believe it is for the interest of religion to invite the civil magistrate to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doctrines; nor of the religious societies, that the general Government should be invested with the power of effecting any uniform-ity of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the enjoining them an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to determine for itself the times for these ex-ercises, and the objects proper for them, according to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it. Jefferson and- Madison were the two men mainly instrumental in securing the First Amendment to the Constitution, and both regarded it as interdicting any official recognition of religion whatever. Mr. Madison in a letter .to Edward Liv-ingston, July 10, 1822, said :Š There has been a deviation from the strict prin-ciple in the executive proclamations of fasts and festivals. If it be urged that Madison himself is-sued such proclamations, it will be suffi-cient to answer that in this same letter to Mr. Livingston, and directly upon this subject, he said :Š Whilst I was honored with the executive trust, I found it necessary, upon more than one occasion, to follow the example of my predecessors. Mr. Madison offers an excuse but no justification for his action. But we now see that what was then only a custom has now come, especially in the light of the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, to be regarded as law. But this only illustntes the danger in such cus- toms. Jefferson boldly maintained that the First Amendment prohibited the issu-ing of religious proclamations; Madison assented to the proposition but yielded to the custom under protest, but now our President assumes without scruple to set aside a day especially for religious observ-ance and directs the churches how they shall observe it, and everybody meekly and unquestioningly accepts his action as all right. The Nation or at least those religiously inclined in it worship as their high priestŠsuch at least for the occasion Šdirects. And such direction is clearly in violation of the intent of the framers of the First Amendment to the Federal Constitution. C. P. B. What Are The Facts? ON the first day of last February, the Mail and Express of this city, published the following dispatch from Chicago :Š THE INFIDELS' SCHEME FAILS. SALOON-KEEPERS IN CHICAGO FAVOR CLOSING THE WORLD'S FAIR ON SUNDAY. CHICAGO, Ill., Feb. 1. The efforts on the part of the officers of the Infidel Society, known as the American Secular Union, to enlist the aid of saloon-keepers in the proposed mass meeting to oppose the Sunday closing of the World's Fair have failed. Nine-tenths of the saloon men said they were heartily in sympathy with the move-ment to close the Fair on Sunday. Nearly all of the Turner Societies and labor organizations in town, however, will unite with them in making a plea for a mass-meeting to be held at Central Music Hall two weeks hence. Now the same paper denounces the statement as a lie, and has devoted con-siderable space to "nailing the lie." In order to know the truth of this matter, one of the editors of this paper addressed a letter to the secretary of the National Religious Liberty Association in Chicago, asking him to ascertain if possible, the real position of the saloon-keepers of that city upon the question of Sunday closing, and to communicate to us the result of his investigation. His reply is as fol-lows :Š C. P. BOLLMAN, 43 Bond Street, New York. Dear Sir: Your letter asking in regard to the statement that the saloon-keepers of this city are opposed to an open Sunday Fair has been received. It is, I think, undoubtedly true that many of the saloon-keepers are opposed to Sunday opening of the Fair. When we were securing our petitions here opposing congressional action closing the Fair on Sunday, we found this to be the case. None of our regular workers made a business of soliciting signatures from saloon-keepers, but they did ask some whom they found standing at the doors of their saloons, and in many cases were told that they did not care to sign a petition that would interfere with the prosperity of their business. A gentlemen in this city who secured several thou-sand names to the petition, told me that he worked among saloon-keepers as well as among other business men, and that he found that some ut-terly refused to sign the petition; others signed it after it was explained that the principles involved were of more value than their temporary gain from a closed Fair would be; and others signed willingly. 'Nuly yours, A. F. BALLENGER. It thus appears that saloon-keepers like church-members are divided upon the question of Sunday closing of the great Fair. It seems very likely that the pro-prietors of those saloons adjacent to the Fair grounds would like an open Fair, trusting to be benefited by the increased Sunday traffic that might reasonably be expected to come to them. Those in other parts of the city doubtless feel that they would do a better business on Sun-day if the Fair were closed. This is the Chicago, Ill., Oct. 19, 1892. 