146 A.NDWIFLICA.N VOL. 10, No. 19. enemy of religious liberty. At the same time we doubt not that there are those connected with the system who are in fayar;of religious freedenn,  Indeed, we are persuaded,  that 'there are thns.e in the Roman Cathelid Chnich who are -, sincere, seg,sacrificing Christians, not beeaus&?of their system, but notwithstand-ing'it 'r llowqver,,  it would be -unfaithfulness te-,theni and` rea5on to the cause of Christ Ł should. we -silence our warnings for fear of giving offense. HAVING said this we now promise Roman Catholics and Romanizing Protestants, that, the Lord being our helper, we will more earn-estly and More faithfully than ever oppose witty the truth the soul-destroying errors of the papacy, and unveil its plottings for the supremacy of America, and through America, the supremacy of the world. We shall point to the satanic cruelties of which the church has never repented, and call Roman Catholics away from the professed vicars of Christ who instigated or approved these cruelties, to Christ himself who rebuked this spirit in his apos-tles, and who said, " The Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives but to save them ;" and we call upon all who would battle for truth and religious liberty to unite with us in maintaining, in this age of compromise and concession, the true principles of Protestant-ism for the good of the honest and truth-loving in 'both Catholicism and compromising Protes-tantism. MORMON POLYGAMY AND RELIGIOUS LIB- ' ERTY. THE only paper in Rhea County, Tenn., that attempts to justify the prosecution of the Graysville Adventists under the iniquitous Sunday:law of that State, published an article recently, in which an effort was made to show a parallel between private Sunday work and the practice"ef polygamy. This is not the first time that this view has been taken of this matter. In several cases even. judges upon the bench have assumed that Sunday legislation and laws forbidding plural marriages rested upon the same foundation and were of the same character; but that this is a serious mistake must be apparent to any one who will lay aside prejudice and give the,  subject careful thought. , The basis of Sunday legislation:  is the, sup-posed sacred character of the day, and the case would not be different were the day really the ditinely-appointed Sabbath. The basis of lawa: regulating marriage is the rights of the contracting parties and of their prospective offspring. To permit plural marriages in any part of the nation would be to invalidate to a certain extent every marriage 'contract in every State. No woman would be legally secure in the pos-session of a whole husband, for any man by going into that State or Territory in which polygamy was permitted could take one or more additional wives, and the woman who had married him in good faith would have no re-dress. Thus it is seen that the State must prohibit polygamy in every case, or else fail of the very object for which governments are in-stituted among men, namely, the preservation of natural rights. Again, marriage imposes ' upon those who enter it, certain obligations, and they must not be permitted to escape those responsibili-ties, for if they do, the burdens which they should, bear will fall upon others. To protect the community from the impo-sition of this btirden, the State rightly' insists  that marriage shall not be transient, but per-.Ł manent. But none of these things is true of a failure to keep a Sabbath. One man's neglect or refusal to keep the Sabbath does not deprive another of that privilege; neither does it bur-* den the State. This is practically admitted by even the most zealous advocates of what they are pleased to term a " civil Sunday law." In answering the question, " Should-there not be a law to protect the Jew in the observance of his Sabbath?" Rev, W. F. Crafts well says. " It is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the sev-enth day. He can close his shop; he, can re-fuse to work." This is true; but it is no more true of the Jew and the seventh day than it- is of the Sunday-keeper and the first day. It must therefore be apparent that there exists no sufficient civil reason for Sunday laws, and that Sunday is therefore not, prop-erly speaking, a civil institution, but a reli-gious institution recognized by civil law and enforced by civil power. But this is con-trary to the entire Spirit of American insti-tutions and in flagrant conflict with the fun-damental law of the nation and' of the sev-eral States. HOW THEY CHANGE THE SABBATH FROM THE SEVENTH TO THE FIRST DAY. THE following, from the Christian Instructor and United Presbyterian Witness, of April .11, attempts to justify the observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath, thus:Š Is it so that the Bible requires the observance of the seventh-day Sabbath still ? It is admitted that that was the day appOinted by God at first, that it was ob-served until the time of Christ, that it is observed still by orthodox °Jews. There is no need of discussion, on these points; for no one, we presume, denies them. But the question is, whether God requires men all around the World to keep precisely the same twenty-four hours that the Jews always kept as Sabbath, and requires it to the end of time. The Apostle Paul, in Colossians, second chapter, as we have noted elsewhere in this paper, speaking of Jewish institutions,- teaches that Christ nailed Jewish law to his cross, and the or-dinances thereof were taken away. Therefore he says: "Let no man judge you . . . in respect to Sab-bath days." Whether they be Catholics, Jews or Ad-ventists, don't let them trouble you about these. But Christ did not nail the moral law to his cross and take it away, but he established it as the rule of life; so the moral duty of keeping holy one day in seven is an " everlasting covenant ; " it is an " everlasting sign." To keep the same identical twenty-four hours, how-ever, all around the world is an impossibility. The same twenty-four hours is not, and never was, holy time all around the world. So it is not the'exact time but the seventh part of the time in regular order of days that God required of men to observe as the Sab- bath. .  The following is Ł a restatement of the fore-going; with some legitimate and even necessary deductions therefrom:- 1. Christ nailed the seventh-day Sabbath to the cross. 2. Christ reestablished the keeping of one day in seven as an "everlasting covenant," an " everlasting sign." 3. It is impossible to keep the, same sev-enth day all around the world, but we admit that the Jews have always done this-  and are still doing it. 4. God does not require all men to keep the same ,seventh day, but the ,same seventh part of time, which is dependent entirely on the day with,which the counting beginS: 5. But since this logic is 'all. right for the,  purpose for which it was invented, that is, to get rid of the " seventh-day Sabbath," it is disastrous if used for any other purpose, for it leaves every one to choose his own day which  leads to utter confusion ; therefore all men ought to keep the same seventh part of time And, that Seventh part of time must fall on the first day of the week and not on the seventh day, since to permit it ,to fall on the seventh day, would be to defeat our object to get rid. of the " seventh-day Sab-bath." 7. Since some men refuse to accept the seventh part of time which we have decided t6 make holy time, and choose to decide for themselves which seventh they will observe, it is , absolutely necessary for all nations the world over to enact laws to compel all men to observe the same seventh part of time which we observe, notwithstanding we said it was impossible to keep the same day all around the world. 8. We only quoted a part of one scripture to prove that the seventh-day Sabbath is abol-ished; and the reason why we quoted only a part was because the other part explains that the sabbath days of which Paul says, " Let no man therefore judge you," " area shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ." If we had quoted this some might think that the sabbaths referred to are the sabbaths of the ceremonial law (Lev. 23), which pointed to Christ and ceased at his coming, and not to the seventh-day Sabbath of the fourth command-ment which points to creation. 9. Then again, the part of the text we used must not be used against our first-day Sab-bath, but only against the seventh-day Sab-bath, for if used against us it would be diffi-cult to explain why we could judge others who do not -want to keep our seventh part of time, and would embarrass us in enacting and enforcing laws compelling all men to keep our first-day Sabbath. Ł THE CATHOLIC MORAL STANDARD: IN giving his reasons, in the Converted Calk: olic, for January, for becoming a Protestant;  Rev. Jas. A. O'Connor says:Š Butler's Cathechism told me in those days of my youth that ." a grievous offense Or transgression-against the of God" is called a " mortal sin," because " it kills the soul and brings everlasting death and damna-tion on the-soul;" while venial sin does not kill, but only " hurts the soul by disposing to mortal sin." Furthermore I was taught by this Catechism that the gravity of an evil action 'was intensified 'by being per-petrated on Sunday. The question was: "Is the sin the greater for being committed on Sunday ?" and the answer was: " Most certainly." That this is still the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church, was; 1.1uStrated by Eev. Henry A. Brann; D. D. , Rector of St, Agnes' Roman Catholic Church on East Forty-third Street, this' city, when in company with another converted priest I called on him for ticketslor the service his church,. the feast of St. Agnes, in Febrtiary; 1893, when Bishop McQuaid preached and ArchbiShoij-Cotrigan, Bishop McDonnell of Brooklyn; and a score of priests were present. Father Brann received us as intelligent gentlemen who called on him for press tickets that would give us good seats, and he detained us for half an hour while eulogizing the pa-rochial school system. We listened with apparent in-terest; and, When- he had concluded he illustrated the necessity of parochial school teaching as distinguished from the public schools by saying that a Catholic boy who had done wrong or was guilty of sin would realize the gravity of the offense more keenly if told by his teacher that the day in which the transgression oc-curred was, for example, Good Friday, the day on Which our LOrd 'died, or the Lord's day, Sunday. That,' said he, would be an appeal to the boy's faith that would. restrain' him from future transgressions. "Don't you think so 2" he said to me. Very quickly and fOrcibly I replied, "Not at all. That is: _one of' the reasons why the American people will never consent to allow public money to be given to your 'schools. You teach a false and unchristian system of morality.-  A sin is a sin whether committed on Friday, Sunday, Monday, or any other day of the week:!' Father Erann'Er face grew scarlet, but he tried to. re-. cover his ground by the question: "Don't you think 