576 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sustained, much less social. Let love die out and the whole fabric of society would crumble, the whole relation of worlds would be disestablished. BASIS OF UNIVERSE. God is love. Were he not love, there could be no uni-verse. Were his characteristics developed in all his crea-tures, a government would exist upon earth as in heaven, and his will would be done upon earth as it is done in heaven. The law of God would be in each heart, and as his law is the expression of his character, every one would be like God, and would thereby be enabled to love his neighbor as himself. But this glorious government of love has been sadly marred on earth. Not only in the government of the family is it distorted, and force is em-ployed to compel outward submission to unjust com-mands, in which the heart has no part; but even the governments of states and kingdoms wield the sword to enforce unjust enactments in the name of law, supposed to be for the preservation of society. But behind all human enactments in the home or the state still works the power of love, which is indeed the only power after all to keep humanity together. How can we account for this foreign element that has entered into government? How is it that God being love, and by virtue of this character existing as univer-sal sovereign, there exists another manner of govern-ment, based on a principle antagonistic to the principle of love. THE BEGINNING. This question takes us back to the beginning. "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the be-ginning with God. All things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made." This beginning, back of which no one can penetrate, presents to us God and the Word, or the expression of God revealed and made visible. Of him it is written again, "God who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son [or the Word] whom he bath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds; who being the bright-ness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down at the right hand of the Majesty on high." Heb. 1:1-3. Again it is written, "Who is the image of the invisible God, the first-born of every creature: for by him were all things cre-ated, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him and for him: and he is before all things, and by him all things consist [or hold together]." Col. 1:15, 16, 17. The Son of God reveals to the universe that God who dwells in light unapproachable, who ish immortal, invisi-ble, before whom the highest intelligences of heaven veil their faces. THE OBJECT OF CREATION. Christ manifested the character of omnipotent Love in the creation: for every work reflects the T. character of its author. Angels, man, the beasts of the fields, the fowls of the heaven, the wonders of the sea, the splendors of space, all tell one storyŠthe love of God. All were created for one purpose,Što proclaim and exemplify the government of love. "For the invisible things of him [his qualities of character] from the creation of the world, are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead." Rom. 1:20. F. B. Studies in French History.-38. "ABOUT this time," began Professor Carman, "there was to be an emperor elected for Germany, and, true to his ambitious nature, King Francis I., joins in the mad race with Henry, of England, and Charles, of Spain. The King of Spain, though at this time only nineteen, was a very cunning fellow, having as much foresight and diplo-macy as an old man, so he was able to outwit the others, and was finally crowned Emperor of Germany, Charles V. "I can pretty easily imagine that King Francis wouldn't like that one bit," remarked Milly Brown, "for I remember that he was a very self-willed fellow." "Yes, Milly, he was fond of having his own way, and he was quite titled to having it, too; and so now he could hardly endure the thought that another should be pre-ferred before himself. You know he was called 'The King of the Gentlemen."' "I dare say he thought his rival was not a gentle-man, to take away the honor from him," said Max Smith. "Yes, he hated the Spanish king most fiercely, and as long as he lived, he tried to injure him in every way pos-sible. He tried to gain the sympathy and friendship of the English king, but in this also the young Spaniard outstripped him in the race, for Henry was quite won over to his cause before the tardy Francis could ingrati-ate himself into Henry's good graces." "I wouldn't give very much for that kind of friend-ship," said Julia March. "No; such friendship is worth but little to anybody. When Francis found that King Charles had secured the royal friendship of England as well as the crown of Ger-many, his disgust and anger knew no bounds; so the foolish fellow at once declared war against him." "Maybe he thought he could whip him as easily as he did the Milan folks," said Fred Green. "But the trouble was," said the professor, "his suc-cess in Italy was turning into a defeat; for he had hired some Swiss soldiers to help hold the territory for him, and now they suddenly left the French army and ran off home." "I had understood, someway, that the Swiss helped ), 