AMERICAN SENTINEL. 41 papacy in Italy, in an article which is referred to_as "evi-dently inspired." Ł THE article says that the co-existence in Rome of the-Vatican and the Italian monarchy is not possible, and that one or the other of them must go. Which means, of course, that the monarchy must go, since the pope has no intention of going himself. The article says that there are many examples to prove that national unity may exist in other forms, and cites therepublics of Switzerland and the United States as illustrations. There is in this no flattering significance as regards this "land of the free." AT this date, looking back at events which have transpired within recent years, it is not very difficult to see why the papacy has come to look with favor upon a republic. Traditionally, as stated, the policy of the pa-pacy has been in favor of monarchy. The republics which are upon the earth to day are of comparatively recent origin. They represented, at the time of their rise, a movement of the people away from long standing despot-isms which had come down from the Middle Ages, in the direction of popular liberty. A republicŠa "government of the people, by the people and, for the people"Šcon-tained the promise of liberty for the people, both civil and religious, For this reason the papacy feared such a form of government, and stood against it. BHT the papacy has discovered that things were not really so bad as it feared. It has disc3vered that even a republic may be "run" upon papal principles; that indeed the greatest republic of modern times is conducted upon lines which afford no real guaranty of that religious free-dom to which she stands opposed. She has discovered that the United States Constitution, as now interpreted, is not the formidable document she thought it was; so that she has instructed her adherents to go forth to the spread of papal principles, bearing a copy of this Consti-tution in their bands, The pope was not long since as-sured by Mr. Burke Cochrane, a Catholic and one of the most prominent of American politicians, that church and state are not really divorced in this country, but are in fact firm supporters of each other. He sees too that an untiring effort is being made in this republic to secure as close a union of church and state as was ever known in the papacy's palmiest days. What wonder then that Rome has lost her fear of republican government. But how will the suggestion of an Italian republic be received by the crowned heads of Europe? This remains to be seen; though we may be sure that the papacy always feels her ground before she treads on it. Items from Washington. ENDER date of January 15, our Washington corres-pondent sends us the following:Š "The prospect is good for the defeat of the Sunday bill in the Congressional Committee. "The three daily papers in this city have declared themselves in favor of opening the National Library on Sunday. "No bill for the 'God-in-the-Constitution' amendment has yet been offered. Such a bill would have no chance of passing." "Sabbath Reform" in the Transvaal. THE CradQck Register (South Africa), in a recent issue printed the following item of "reform" news:Š "THE SABBATH.ŠThe Rev. Mr. Murray, Moderator of the Dutch Reformed Church, in Natal, has addressed a letter to Afrikanders, expressing his sympathy with those who have suffered great losses through rinderpest. He considers the plague as a punishment for sins; the main transgression of the country being the violation of the Sabbath. `Not only is the Sabbath considered as a "visiting" day by many, but even inoculation of cattle is being performed on that day.' The Transvaal Volksraad has decreed that officials shall in future be compelled to attend divine service on Sundays." The Transvaal legislature is noted for its "whole-souled" way of doing things, and the present instance is no exception. Having set out to reform the community by law on the point of Sunday observance, the members of this body do not stop with any half-way measures, but decree that "officials shall in future be compelled to attend divine service on Sundays." They see that at-tendance at the churches is the ultimate step in this re-form, and this is just what is seen by the promoters of the Sunday-observance movement here; but the latter are governed less by logic and more by policy. But the logic of the Sunday law movement is the same here that it is in South Africa. The logic does not stop short of a decree compelling the people "to attend divine service on Sundays." * -Ł -4 4 A "civic FEDERATION" has been organized in Lincoln. Ill., the chief purpose of which is given as "the enforce-ment of Sunday laws." Ł 4. -4 4- THE usual annual session of Ł the Tuskegee Negro Conference will take place iu Tuskegee, Ala., Wednesday, February 23rd. The Workers' Conference, composed of officers and teachers of the various colored schools in the South, takes place Eebruary 24th, at Tuskegee, Ala . These conferences present an opportunity to study the condition and progress of the negro that is afforded no-where else. Further information can be had from Booker T. Washington, Tuskegee, Ala. •0. Ł 4 -4 "Oun citizenship is in heaven." 