them." For God's sake, let us not be inact-ive, but let us make preparations for the battle. The most precious liberty of our coun-try is at stake! APPLY THE PRINCIPLE. F. C. GILBERT. DOUBTLESS many of the readers of the SENTINEL are familiar with the persecutions that were waged against Protestant mission-aries about a year ago, in some of the South American republicsŠin which places the pa-pacy has supremacyŠand which have not yet entirely ceased. In these persecutions the missionaries of the Methodist Episcopal Church suffered much, and were deprived of many of their rights and privileges. Finally about May, 1894, the Rock River (Ill.) Methodist Episcopal Conference, embracing some of the wealthiest churches of Chicago as well as its suburbs, sent a kind of protest to the papal legate in this country, by him to be forwarded to the supreme pontiff at Rome, reminding the pope that his subjects were enjoying per-fect religious liberty in the United States, and that he ought to grant the same rights and privileges to the Protestants in the do-minions over which he has supremacy. The following was the message :Š Resolved, That as representatives of the Methodist Episcopal Church in Chicago, we'forward the follow-ing request to Archbishop Ireland, asking him to pass it on to Mgr. Satolli, in order that he may, in the most effective manner, bring it to the notice of the head of the Roman Catholic Church. In view of the repeated and warm approval by the clergy and laymen of the Roman Catholic Church in this country of re-ligious freedom as existing by law in these United States, we respectfully and earnestly request that the proper authorities of that church use their good offices, under the direction of Pope Leo XIII., to secure for the Protestants of Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia, the same liberty of conscience that is enjoyed by Roman Catholic citizens in this country. Prefixed to this resolution was the following preamble :Š It has been made evident to us that our Protestant brethren in the republics of Peru, Ecuador, and Bo-livia, labor under oppressive disabilities that affect not only their faith and the public worship of God accord-ing to the dictates of their conscience, but also their civil and inalienable right to be married without being compelled to forswear their religious convictions. To the student of history, familiar with the workings of the Roman Catholic Church, such actions on the part of the papacy are not at all surprising. It is but the result of her teachings. For she teaches that religious liberty is the right to worship God according to the dictates of a "right conscience." And since the church claims to be the judge of conscience, all *ho believe differently from the church's teachings, and act in harmony with their belief, are not following a " right conscience," hence are in error. If they are not willing to follow the teachings of the church, they ought not to be allowed to prop-agate any other doctrines in papal dominions. So we see that such deeds of the papacy are the logical result of her teachings. True she claims to grant toleration at times, to a cer-tain degree; it generally goes about as far as the ink on the paper. One would naturally suppose that Protes-tants making such an earnest protest in behalf of their children because of persecution, would never do the same thing to others had they the power. But it is a fact familiar to thou-sands of people to-day that members of the same church which protested against the actions of the Catholic Church in persecuting her followers, have been persecutors them-selves; not against people in Roman Catholic  countries, but in the free United States of America. And these persecutions have been waged against honest, conscientious Christian men, who were simply following the dictates of their own consciences. It is a matter of history to-day that in the State of Maryland, Methodist ministers have been instrumental, in securing the arrest and conviction of sincere worshipers of God who were simply following their God-given right of worshiping the Lord in the manner prescribed in his holy Word,Škeeping the ,seventh-day Sabbath (Saturday) (Ex. 20: 8-11), and follow-ing their regular vocations on Sunday, the first day of the week, one of the six working days (Eze. 46: 1), which God gave to man to per-form all his abor. And for this act of worship these men have been incarcerated in jail as vile and base criminals. It is evident that these people were obliged to " labor under oppressive disabilities that affect . . . their faith and public worship of God according to the dictates of their con-science." But their persecutors were not very much troubled about it, and probab:y did not think they were depriving these men of equal rights and privileges that they were en-joying in this free country. Nor is this State an exception to many other of the sister States that have joined in persecuting men and even women, because they felt they ought to worship God as he has indicated. And let us not forget that these persecutions were not conducted in a country that is under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Church; but in a land dominated by Protestants and which declares to all the world that all men are created equal, and are endowed with cer-tain inalienable rights. It is still fresh in the minds of thousands of American citizens to-day, what Tennessee has lately done in confining in jail some of the most respected and honorable citizens of Rhea County, and how an entire community has beconie almost disintegrated by this wicked deed, as well as the closing of a fine academy. There is an adage familiar to many that is quite applicable in this case,Š" It all depends upon which -foot the shoe is on, as to whether it hurts." Let our Protestant brethren who have been, and still are, protesting against this iniquity in the previously-named countries, apply the principle here at home, and give to their Christian brethren in this country the same God-given rights that they are en-joying, and which they seek for their brethren in papal dominions; and then they will have learned somewhat of 'the significance of the Golden Rule, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." THE "INTER-OCEAN" " INTER-OCEAN " ON THE SABBATH QUESTION. [From the Chicago Inter-Ocean. (Editorial.)] THE season being dull, Rev. J. M. Caldwell, of the South Park Avenue Methodist Episco-pal Church, took for his Sunday morning text, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," and meandered into a denunciation of the Sunday newspaper. The Sunday news-paper is not published or read on the Sabbath day. The Saturday newspaper is published on the Sabbath. "The seventh day" is that on which Israel was commanded to " do no work, thou, nor thy sons, nor thy daughters, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor the stranger that is within thy gates." We believe Mr. Caldwell reads the Sabbath, i. e., the Saturday papers with com-mendable regularity. Once for all, this cler-ical juggling with words should cease. Sunday  is not the Sabbath of the Bible, and every preacher knows that it is not. Not only is Sunday not the Sabbath, but it is not a holy day observed for or because of the reason that bound Israel to Sabbath ob-servance. Of the SabbathŠour SaturdayŠit was written: " Thou shalt keep it holy, for in six days God created the heavens and earth, and rested on the seventh, wherefore he hal-lowed it." . . . There is not a passage of scripture, not one, in which commandment is given for change of the Sabbath from the seventh to the first. The fourth command-ment is one of those that Christ came not "to destroy, but to fulfill." . . . The ob-servance of Sunday is customary with Chris-tians, but, as we conceive, by habit of rever-ence only. We know of no divine command for the observance of Sunday. We make bold to say that there is no direct divine command for its usage. THEY WOULD HAVE A REAL " SABBATH." [From the Evening News, Michigan City, May 18.] VICTORIA, B. C., May 17.ŠThe British Columbia Conference, which has just con-cluded its annual session here, adopted by a unanimous vote the report of the Sabbath Ob-servance Committee. This document binds the conference and church to work as a unit toward securing legislation making it illegal to conduct excursions by rail or water on Sun-day, to engage in hunting, fishing or boating on that day; to engage in any game of ball or kindred sport, and to ride for the purpose of pleasure in any hack, sleigh, buggy or other public vehicle, or to operate or patronize any Sunday street car. s.  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AGAIN VIOLATED. [From the Examiner and National Baptist, New York, May 30, 1895.] WE learn that Mr. J. Q. Allison, of Doug-lasville, Ga., has been convicted of violating the Sunday law, and that he has been put in the chain-gang,* in accordance with the laws of the State. The same law which provides that those who work on Sunday shall be pun-ished by fine or imprisonment, or by working in the chain-gang on public works, also spe-cifies that the money arising from fines in these cases shall be devoted to establishing and promoting Sunday schools in the county where the conviction has taken place; and that in case of insurrection or attempt at insurrection (which we suppose would include refusing to work upon the chain-gang) the offender shall be punished with death, or such other punish-ment as the judge in his discretion may in-flict. At Amory, Miss., Mr. R. T. Nash was ar-rested, May 9, for hoeing in his garden on Sunday. The trial is set for June 1. Are these States relapsing into barbarism ? Are they deliberately going back to the practices which civilized States abandoned centuries ago ? Experience and medical science concur in the belief that the physical and mental welfare of the human race requires a weekly day of rest. As to the particular day which shall be selected, the State merely pursues the course which will meet the views of the majority of its citizens. If the majority of the people were Jews, they would have a perfect right to * Mr. Allison did not actually go into the chain-gang. His sentence was to nay the costs or else serve twelve months in the chain-gang. He refused to pay a single cent and the sheriff started to Atlanta with him to sell him to the chain-gang con-tractors for one year. nut some unknown friend paid the costs. Mr. Allison was released on the way to Atlanta.ŠEn. SENTINEL. 