TT4g .MERMAN VNTINEL. 20 84.221f,  have been systems of religion which the terribly deceitful heart of man had per-verted to destroy instead of to bless man-kind. They have all, however, claimed to bless at the time their destroying influence was in operation. To do less would be to admit their own insincerity. I am sorry to state that I have noticed my own dear minister of late getting a certain strange excited spirit in talking of the victories of the Church. I can compare it to nothing more like than to a man intoxicated with wine who seems to be strangely hopeful and exhilarated, while the grounds for his expectancy are not ap-parent to the sober observers not under the Ł influence of his drink. By the Connections with his remarks upon the coming con-quests of the Church it is shown that he has imbibed the wine of National Reform. Ilt) no longer seeks to Win' men by telling what ought to be the Welcome news of salvation, but is apparently infat-uated with quicker and more wholesale methods which seem to lead a shorter path to glory than the old way of our fathers. All the victories for the Church I see re-corded come through faith alone: I see no plan to redeem man from the world of sin except that he shall ,believe the word of God. Is; it possible that in this land where Bibles are as plenty as bread that people do not have an opportunity to believe ? Even without the Bibles there are enough -professed Christians in, our land to ac-quaint" the, remainder, of: the population with the principles of Christianity M a few days if necessary; and so give all a chance to believe. I know of no other commission " ever given to the ambasSaders Of Christ but that they shonld give people, a chance to believe. :I am: struck dumb with aniaze-ment that his' professed ambassadors should go beyond their Lord's comthission and do that which only faithless, disbeliev-ing Servants would dare do, viz. r devise froth their own selfish hearts, plans for thasalvatiOn of man and victories for the Church.: Stich a course can only in the end provoke the wrath of the long-suffering Master and cause him to bring it down on his guilty shepherds. How much Ł better it would be to wait patiently, entreating and beseeching all men meanwhile "for Christ's sake to be reconciled to God" as did the' faithful apostle Paul. Victory for the Church Will come when those who, as individuals make up the Church, get the victory over their sinful, unbelieving hearts. How strange, beyond words to express; it is, that any _reader of the Scriptures Should ever think of it coming in any other way. From "the above quotation about the' ;II-Liman heart, we need not be Surprised at, new Method of uniting Church and State: O:.be themselves deceived 'its well as:,to eceive others, it would be necessary for Some more elaborate and acute plan than 'has heretofore teen practiced. .' America is 'a land bt'Vrotkderful inventions and'ei.  pedients in human effort, and it would be strange if in a union of Church and State here, the old beaten track should be fol-lowed. The accumulated wisdom of cent-uries will obviously be brought into use in accomplishing it. Here is, I think, the danger of some, with,. their eyes on what has been the form of union of Church and State, they may let the real iniquitous substance of that very thing pass the bar of their judgment unchallenged, because in another form. Why should we not expect unparalleled acuteness and subtilty in this movement ? But is not the question with all men who feel that they must judge rightly,: Will an ingenious plan lessen in any degree the guilt ? W. S. RITCHIE. Reasons against Sunday Laws. IF Sunday were a divine institution, that is, if its observance were a duty which man owed to God, there are two reasons against compelling obseryance by civil law : 1. , It ,is an insult to God. It says virtually:that the Lord's way is not suffi-cient to meet the requirements of the case, without man's interference. ,God requires heart work, free service, freely given, with the source of all good motives, a pure heart, behind the deeds. Anything less than this is not acceptable to him, and law and penalties can never compel,loVe, . , 2. It is oppressive to those who may not agree with the law makers. The, violator of a Sunday law may be just as conscien-tious, and just as good a. husband, father, neighbor, friend, or citizen, in every re-spect, as the makers of a Sunday law, except in respect of the law under :consid-eration, and in this respect the difference between them is drawn by those who,,being in the majority, are able, by the brute maxim, "Might makes right,"; to lord it over those who are in the ;minority, and, hence, politically weaker..  They really put themselves in the place of God'  by dictating ,to men religious duty. They show the most overweening selfishness in saying to others, You must do thus and so, because we wish you to do it. And unre-strained selfishness in political matters always means tyranny. In the first case it is putting man in the place of God, arro-gating to him responsibilities and powers belonging only to God : and in the second place it is transgressing the golden rule, "  Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even .so to them." No Christian would have an infidel compel him to :be an infidel-; why do professed-. Christians seek to compel the infidel to ob-serve a religious institution repugnant to'  his conscience ? If Sunday is not a divine requirement,. it is equally wicked to enforce it, Man has no right under.,the second reason given' above to compel Wisbrcither to observe any, religious institution Which he would, not;  be *illf4.—619  brother  949144 ,C.0aPPL14111  to observe if circumstances were the re-verse. All civil Sunday laws, or Sabbath laws, are wicked and wicked only.ŠSigns of the Times. That "Bitter Cry." FROM the Pearl of Days, the official organ of the American Sabbath Union, of January 3, we clip the following :Š Some years ago " The Bitter Cry of London " rang through the civilized world, revealing the terrible condition of the neglected, suffering and wretched masses of the world's metropolis. Its echoes have gone out°  from our American cities. And now another " bitter cry " comes up from the millions of wage workers and their families appealing to gov-ernments, to corporations, to employers, to ministers of religion, to friends of the toilers, and to that mightiest of forces in a republic, public opinion, for , relief from the grinding oppression of Sunday work, to which they are chained by remorseless competi-tion, by the demand for profits and dividends, by disregard for the rights of citizens and their families to the weekly rest day, by, open defiance and non-execution of the laws which are designed for the protection of the people against forbidden and need-less Sunday work, and by the prevailing public in-difference to the imperiled health, morals and wel-fare of the laboring classes. These statements can be readily verified by a great multitude and variety of facts and by personal and official testimonies that cannot be seriously disputed. They come from the railways, the public works, the local and general Government services, such as the Post Office Depart-ment, from the summer resorts, the Sunday excur-sion lines on land and water, from theaters and barber shops, from factories and markets and shops, and even from the saloons, whose employees and vic-tims know no Sabbath rest. This seems to be from the author of "Rhetoric made Racy " but it might ap-propriately be named rhetoric made ridic-ulous. The idea that anybody is chained by .remorseless competition or anything else to the grinding oppression of Sunday work is nothing short of the ridiculous. This would be bad enough in itself, but when the thing is carried so, far as to, pict-ure a bitter cry coming up' from the saloons for relief from the grinding op-pression of Sunday work to which they are chained by remorseless competition, it surpasses the ridiculous and becomes ab-surd. More than this, the grounds upon which is based the plea of the American Sabbath Union for the Sunday laws which, it de-mands, is, that the toiling masses may have opportunity to recuperate their wasted energies in order that they may have better health, may live longer, and do better work. Then when the Sabbath Union pretends to bring up a bitter cry from saloon-keepers and bar-tenders for Sabbath rest, by that it argues that the saloon and its managers are entitled to the day of rest in order that they may recuper= ate their wasted energies and be better qualified to enter Monday morning upon their work of destruction; and that they are so much entitled to this that the State shall step in and guarantee it, to them by law. Than the argument contained in this 40lea: of the Anygioan , Sabbath. TIVono 