246 ANIIH1 ELI CA_Ne lknr_ao VoL. 8, No. 81. is that civil government, though the best possible machinery to secure certain ends connected with our temporal interests, is not a contrivance adapted to secure the ends that relate to our spiritual welfare. "Surely," says Macaulay, "if experience shows that a certain machine, when used to produce a certain effect, does not pro-duce that effect once in a thousand times, but produces in the vast majority of cases an effect directly contrary, we cannot be wrong in saying it is not a machine of which the principal end is to be so used." The learned essayist might justly have said that it is not a machine properly adapted to this end at all. The notorious and world-wide failures of civil govern-ment to make itself useful in the depart-ment of things spiritual, when attempting to manage and conduct them, furnish the most complete demonstration that, how-ever useful it may be elsewhere, it is not suited to this purpose. A sledge-hammer is a very good instrument with which to break a rock, but a very poor tool with which to mend.a watch or perform a deli-cate operation in surgery. So civil govern-ment is a very good agency within certain limits and for certain objects; but beyond these limits and objects it has no function to perform, and when its powers are extended beyond them they are found in practice to be immensely more injurious than beneficial to the very interests they seek to serve.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D.D. No Shaving on Sunday. IT is not a little remarkable that within the last few months there has been a won-derful awakening on the part of professed Christian people all over the world to the fact that Sunday observance as practiced in former years is falling into disrepute. It seems that they can begin to read, as it were, the " handwriting on the wall " of the sanctity of Sunday, if things con-tinue to go as they are going. They do not, as a rule, appeal to the foundation of the SabbathŠthe fourth commandment Šas a basis for requiring its observance, for, as they too well know, according to that, Sunday is not the Sabbath. There is not a scintilla of evidence between the lids of the Bible showing that it is a sacred day or that it has any claims upon mankind to be observed as the Sabbath. Knowing this, they appeal to the civil law for its enforced observance, and to hide the real motive behind the move-ment, the plea is set up that the Sunday laws are asked in deference to " the poor working-men." And now we see some of the labor organizations coming forward and demanding law requiring Sunday rest upon the part of all. And why ? It is not because the individuals composing them can not rest on Sunday if they wish, for they can. But it is that those who want to keep Sunday may not lose any-thing by the patronage received by some one else who does not care to observe the day, and would otherwise labor on that day. Supreme selfishness is at the bottom of the whole thing. The barbers all over the country are agitating this matter, and are meeting with more or less success. Two years ago a vigorous effort was made by the boss barbers in Kansas City to close the shops on Sunday, but they failed because no jury in a justice court would declare that shaving and the work of a barber is not a necessity on Sunday as well as any other day. But the Sunday-closers have not wearied, and in a case that has been before the courts for some time, and finally taken to the Court of Appeals in that State, they secured a favorable decision from Judge Dill, he holding that under the revised statutes of Missouri, that "a party may shave himself as he would take a bath or wash his face, and it would not be under-stood as labor; but when the barber opens up his shop and there follows his usual worldly employment, it is quite a different matter." On this rendering, the barbers have declared the operation of barber shops on Sunday a violation of law, and have there-fore issued an order to the effect that henceforth no barber shop belonging to the Barber's Union shall be open on Sun-day, and that any shop outside the union over which they do not have direct con-trol, will be prosecuted, to which work the prosecuting attorney of the city has pledged his best efforts. Thus it is dem-onstrated again that Sunday laws are secured at the instance of certain ones that they may domineer over others. And so the work moves on. The lines seem to be drawing closer and closer, and out of it all can come but one result, religious in-tolerance and persecution. W. E. CORNELL. Conversion by Bullets. THE justification of Mr. Fleming, the British magistrate at Rangoon, who or-dered soldiers to fire into a body of Mo-hammedans, who had only assembled to sacrifice a cow in honor of one of their re-ligious festivals, does not appear from the dispatches. It is no doubt British policy to keep down the people of India as a pre-caution for the safety of the comparatively small English garrisons, but Mr. Fleming will have a hard time convincing any one that he did right in forbidding the sacri-fice of the cow. He saved the cow's life, but many human beings were sacrificed. ŠKansas City Times. Law and Religion. [The following paragraphs are from an article in the Tennessee Methodist, by Bishop Haygood, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. It is true that the Bishop does not yet see every man clearly, but he certainly has caught a glimpse of principles which, if fully recognized, would free him com-pletely from the fetters of governmental religion.] PAUL " appealed to Caesar " in a case involving his rights as a Roman citizen; he did not appeal to Cesar to settle by an imperial decree any doctrine of law or morals. A great question has been pending for some weeks before high courts, on the question of " Sunday opening" of the World's Fair in Chicago. The first decision was, as it seemed, favorable to Sabbath observance. The telegrams of the week tell us that the Court Of Appeals, Chief Justice Fuller presiding, " has decided unanimously in favor of Sunday opening." This sort of statement is mis-leading and framed in the interest of the Philistines. The Associated Press is given to this kind of deviltry. The court of Appeals did not say it favored Sunday opening; it really delivered no opinion whatever upon the Sabbath question. The court simply affirmed that, under the law, it had no authority to close, the gates on the Sabbath day. The court inter- preted the law ; it decided no question concerning religion or morals. As it seems to this writer, to denounce Chief Justice Fuller, or the United States Court, would be a silly thing. The court is under oath to interpret the law of the land, and not the Word of God. It would be very unfair to say that the court sets itself against the Christian Sabbath, when it simply affirmed that it had no authority, under the law, to close the gates of the big show upon the Sabbath day. It is true that the Philistines will take comfort from this decision, but it should be re-membered that the court interpreted the law; it makes no contribution to the anti-Sabbath argument. It is not the business of a court to make law; its function is the interpretation of law. If the people do not like their laws, they have this remedy : they can change them. But it is well worth considering, whether the Christian doctrine concerning the Lord's day, can be set up and maintained by the civil law or the secular courts. I offer no opinion as to the right of govern-ment to pass laws concerning the Sabbath, and make no argument on that subject. In most of the States of the Union, Csar has decreed abstention from ordinary labor on the Sabbath day. . . It may be, that we have trusted over-much in the law of the land to secure moral results, and not enough in the power of the truth of God that alone makes free the soul of man. Possibly, if we had expended as much force in teaching the truth of the Bible on the Sabbath question as we have exerted in seeking decrees from the civil courts, we might have had by this time more Sabbath observance. In the long run, nothing secures conformity to the laws of God, except teaching the people the laws of God. Moral reforms always move upon the lines of moral teaching. The principle applies to many other than the Sabbath question. EVERY wise statesman can see that po-litical religion confronts us to-day with the same threatening dangers that slavery for-merly did. To prevent such a result in time, is the better and wiser way. Not a single principle of pure religion can ever be enforced by law. No orthodox preacher ever made a speech, whether called a "prayer," a discourse or an oration, with-out filling it with the namby-pamby and sentimental platitudes of his "faith." These inflictions have been borne so long and so patiently, that they have become a divine right, against which it is almost blas-phemy, to kick, or to utter different views. It is enough to say to any patriot, that any political question which involves such se-rious and threatening results as the en-forcement of political religion by law, as now confronts us, requires no apology for its timely warnings.ŠS. C. Adams, in Statesman, Salem, Oregon. Ł 11 Ł CONSTITUTIONS are made, not to be over-ridden by the majority, but for the protec-tion of the minority. The minority has rights which the majority is bound to re-spect; and constitutions are largely for the purpose of defining and protecting those rights. U PRISON LIGHT agentsl/r tty;where. Good pay. 15e. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free.. MYERS,. PRISON LIGHT, Newfane, Vt. 