596 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christ faithfully followed by any government. No amount of twisting of the meaning of texts would suffice to prove that the American worship of the almighty dollar, or that the seizure of territory practised by Eu-ropeans, is Christian. It amounts to this, then, that in the West the Christian religion is followed when it does not come into conflict with state interests, but no fur-ther. When Christ's commands and the exigencies of modern politics are in direct opposition to each other the former h ve to give way. With Christianity in Japan the same rule will doubtless be followed." Militarism Against Christianity. THE cultivation of military power is certainly a strange thing for people professedly Christian to urge upon a nation. Ever since the time when the greatest enemy of Christianity led King David to number Israel' an object lssson has been before the world teaching that dependence upon military power is wholly contrary to the mind of God. God would have all people depend upon him. He is the God of battles, and the cause which is allied with him will triumph in spite of all the "heavy battalions" of the enemy. "Put not your trust in princes," wrote the psalmist, "neither in the Son of man, in whom there is no help." Ps. 116:3. Against the side of right, the alien armies can no more prevail than could the Assyrians against King Hezekiah, when a single angel from God slew a hundred and eighty-five thousand of their number in a night. David's sin and that of the people with him, when Israel was numbered, was that of trusting in their own power. It was the sin of pride, than which nothing sep-arates the soul further from God. In proportion as a nation develops military strength, national pride is fos-tered, and the spirit of dependence upon God, which is the essential spirit of Christianity, is cast aside. This of course gives rise to a condition which is highly unfa-vorable to the spread of the gospel with its doctrine of self-denial and humility before God. This is not a mere theory. It is a truth exemplified in the world to-day, and so much so in Japan that at-tention is being called to it by religious journals. The Christian Intelligencer says of it:Š "There has been a decline of interest in Christianity in Japan since the successful war in China produced a high degree of national self-confidence among the Japan-ese The cry was heard everywhere, 'Japan for the Jap-anese.' One result was religious, and became manifest in a decline in the number of converts to the Christian faith, and a falling off in the membership of the Chris-tian churches. Not a few abandoned Christianity. At the same time the policy of some of the missions was modified. Self-support was more and more insisted on both. in relation to churches and schools. Contempo-rary with these influences has been perhaps a decline,  under the power of an increasing materialism, in the in-terest and the prayers of the churches which have estab-lished the missions." The same feeling prevails in Germany, whose ruler only recently declared that the "only hold" of the church against the unbelief of the times, is "the imperial hand and escutcheon of the German empire." In its pride as a great military power, the German state has actually put itself in the place of God. And there is not a great military power on the earth that does not embody this anti-Christian doctrine and spirit. This spirit and that of militarism go together. The cultivation of the one fosters the development of the other. When the church encourages the one she encour-ages the other, and erects a stumbling-block in her own pathway, barring the way to the accomplishment of her appointed mission in the earth. - 14 The Liberty of Christ.ŠNo. 2. BY B. W. MARSH. LIBERTY is the gift of God; and is dealt to every man according to the measure of faith. Our Saviour's words are, "If the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." "Also, Ye shall know she truth, and the truth shall make you free." There must be a prim-ary cause for all things, and sin must be the first cause for the absence of liberty. Satan had the liberty of the universe until he sinned, and then his warfare was confined to the narrow limits of this fallen sphere. It is not in Christ to force upon his creatures a single desire of his will: He knows no law but love, and can ex-act no service from his subjects. He grants to all cre-ated intelligences the fullest freedom to follow the way of their choice, and permits them always to -decide their own destiny. He took upon himself, in the midst of humanity, the life of his choice, and consented to stand with the despised minority, and to suffer with them the raging intolerance of the majority of his own creation. On the tempest-rent waves of Galilee, or amid the jang-ling tumult of the Pharisees, his life was filled with fragrance of the sweet liberty that the world cannot give or take away;.and as be fainted upon the cross, he still was free to tread the winepress of his choice; and when he rested in the sealed and guarded sepulcher, his immortal words were left behind, "I have power to lay down my life, and power to take it up again." And from this we learn, that from the time the angels sang " Peace on earth, good will to men, for unto you is born this day in the city of David, a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord," until they sang again, "Lift up your heads, O ye gates,Šthat the King of glory may come in," he was free from the power of sin and men, and had liberty to follow the pathway of his choice. His own announcement of his ministry, was, "The 