170 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. seeks to dictate in the exercise of rights, and to direct the activities of the mind in any department of human thought, it must always tend toward deform instead of reform; for real advance, and therefore all real reform, must come from the peo-ple, and if the government legislates on these things at all, by the very law of human progress, it must oppose them, and hinder them. This is proven not only by the laws of human progress, but by an appeal to the historical facts of civiliza-tion as well. Every new truth has had its apostle,Šits Jesus, its Luther, its Bruno or its Gallileo, persecuted or put to death for its sake, and all this because governments have not recognized the proper limits of their power. Whenever the government has sought to hasten the advance of any department of human effort or thought, it has really retarded it. Louis XIV. of France sought, honestly enough, it may be, to stimulate literary activity in France, and to immor-talize himself by sending his name down to posterity as the imperial patron of let-ters. For this purpose he made laws con-ferring great honors and vast sums of money upon the successful literary man. What was the result ? Literature, the representative of intellect, which is pro-gressive, became chained to the wheels of government, the representative of order, which is stationary. Says Buckle :Š In no age have literary men been rewarded with such profuseness as in the reign of Louis XIV. ; and in no age have they been so mean-spirited, so servile, so utterly unfit to fill their great vocation as the apostles of knowledge and the missionaries of truth. Immediately before his reign, the his-tory of France is scintillant with the names of great men whose published works in almost every department of hu-man thought and inquiry, have come down to our own time, and are famous as those who have added to the sum of hu-man knowledge. By this system of State patronage of literature, although much that was artistic and ornamental was at first produced, all advanced thinking was stayed; and gradually the literary men of France, from being bold and free in their thinking, and in the search for truth, were transformed into a mere crowd of fawning courtiers who wrote but to flatter the vices of the king and the court. In France it was as though the sun of knowl-edge, which had risen clear and bright, was suddenly stayed in its sublime ascent toward the zenith, and receding, set in the east, leaving the world in the shadow. In England, Newton was at this very time rising step by step to his sublime generalizations; but in France even these wonderful discoveries were not accepted by the teachers of science till forty years after they were demonstrated by Newton. By literature, which should be representa-tive of the people, being thus servilely chained to the court, all its ingenuity and  its influence were used to flatter the king, and blind his eyes to the pressing needs of the people, thus encouraging him to con-tinue that unjust and arbitrary system of legislation which resulted in the terrible French Revolution. Says Buckle :Š Three times in the history of the world has this experiment been tried. In the ages of Augustus, of Leo X., and of Louis XIV., the same method was adopted, and the same result ensued. In each of these ages there was much apparent splendor, im-mediately succeeded by sudden ruin. In each in-stance the brilliancy survived the independence; and in each instance the national spirit sank under the pernicious alliance of government and litera-ture. Such is the inevitable result of govern-ment exceeding its just authority, and seeking to encourage literature. As much might be said of the attempt of govern-ments to encourage trade and commerce. Says Buckle:Š It is no exaggeration to say that the commercial legislation of Europe presents every possible con-trivance for hampering the energies of commerce. All this, mark, was done by the pater-nal care of government, seeking with best of intention, no doubt, to direct the citi-zens in the exercise of their rights. It was done to build up commerce, but so thoroughly did it break it down, that a very high authority on the subject de-clares, that if it had not been for smug-gling, trade must have ceased entirely. ' The whole history of religious legisla-tion is a history of the same thing. The opinion opposed by law is more often the opinion that should succeed, and if the legislation in some particular instance happens to be in favor of truth it is still a curse to that very truth by corrupting its professors, and bringing it into disre-pute before the world. On this point Buckle says :Š We have seen that their laws in favor of industry have injured industry; that their laws in favor of religion have increased hypocrisy; and that their laws to secure truth have encouraged perjury ; it would be easy to push the inquiry still further and show how legislators, in every attempt they have made to protect some particular interest, and up-hold some particular principle, have not only failed, but have brought about results diametrically opposite to those they proposed. It will be seen by all this that the pater-nal interference of government has ever been a millstone hung around the neck of human progress. All this because " no government having recognized its proper limits (the mere maintenance of rights), the result is that every government has inflicted on its subjects great injuries; and has done this nearly always with the best intentions." " No great political im-provement" even, far less any intellectual, moral or religious reform, " was ever orig-inated in any country by its rulers. The first suggesters of such steps have been, invariably, bold and able thinkers, who discern the abuse, denounce it, and point out how it is to be remedied. But long after this is done, even the most enlight-ened governments continue to uphold the abuse, and reject the remedy. At length,  if circumstances are favorable, the pres-sure from without becomes so strong that the government is obliged to give way; and the reform being accomplished, the people are expected to admire the wisdom of their rulers, by whom all this has been done." From the very laws of human progress, which are as unchangeable as the law of gravitation, this must ever be so. The conclusion is evident, and unavoidable; civil government should recognize its proper limit of authority, which is the mere protecting of individuals in the ex-ercise of their rights, and should ever and always leave all moral, intellectual, and religious progress and reform to the peo-ple. If the National Reformers, the Prohibi-tion party, the Woman's Christian Tem - °ranee Union, and the American Sabbath Union, would for one moment grasp in their beclouded minds this one evident and unchangeable law of progress, their religio-political schemes would at once and forever vanish into thin air. G. E. FIFIELD, Ł The "American" Sunday. AT a Sunday-law meeting recently held in New York City, under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union, the Rev. R. S. MacArthur, D. D., expressed him-self after the following fashion :Š The man who lifts his hand against the Amer-ican Sunday is an enemy of the Republic. He is an enemy of the race. He is an enemy of God. By the term "American Sunday," we presume the reverend gentleman referred to just the same Sunday that we have all been used to, namely, the first day of the week. Of course, if this is an American institution, to oppose it would be to oppose the Republic that gave it birth. But how is it the American Sunday any more than the German Sunday ? Nowhere in the Dec-laration of Independence do we find that our forefathers were proposing to inaugu-rate this day as an American institution, and its establishment was evidently just as far from their thoughts in the adoption of our national Constitution. How then -can it be said to be the " American " Sun-day ? We can nowhere find any com-mandment which says : " Remember the American Sunday to keep it civilly; six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy in- Ł civility, but the first day is the American Sunday: in it thou shalt do nothing un-American or uncivil, for in six days the American people established this Govern-ment, and all that in it is, and became civil upon the first day. Wherefore this Nation blessed the American Sunday and civilized it." We have heard of the American flag; of American liberty, and of a host of other American things, but never before knew that Sunday was one of them! In fact, it has been generally supposed that anything 