NOVEMBER 29, 1894. AdVILIRIU,ICA.N 311 and be better prepared successfully to prosecute the vocations of life. This is the ground also upon which courts at-tempt to sustain the rightfulness of Sunday laws. It is well to examine this plea and see what is its basis, and what its origin, that we may know what it is worth. The theory of " one-seventh part of time" for rest originated in the contro-versy between the Puritans and the Epis-copalians in the latter part of the six-teenth century, and the authority for the theory was the Rev. Nicolas Bownde, or Bound, D. D., "of Norton, in the county of Suffolk," England. Dr. Bownde was a Puritan, and promulgated this theory for the first time in a book which he pub-lished in 1594, entitled, " The Doctrine of the Sabbath." The way it came about was this: It was in the height of the controversy between the Church -of England and the Puritans about " habits and ceremonies, and church discipline," that the Church of England maintained,Š That though the Holy Scriptures are a perfect stand-ard of doctrine, they are not a rule of discipline and government: nor is the practice of the apostles an in-variable rule or law to the church in succeeding ages; because they acted according to the circumstances of the church in its infant and persecuted state; neither are the Scriptures a rule of human actions, so far as that whatsoever we do in matters of religion without their express direction or warrant is sin, but many things are left indifferent. The church is a society like others, invested with powers to make what laws she apprehends reasonable, decent, or necessary for her well-being and government, provided they do not interfere with or contradict the laws and command-ments of Holy Scripture: Where the Scripture is si-lent, human authority may interpose; we must then have recourse to the reason of things and the rights of society, It follows from thence that the church is at liberty to appoint ceremonies, and establish order within the limits abovementioned; and her authority ought to determine what is fit and convenient. ŠNeal's "History of the Puritans," Part I, chap, viii, par. M. All this the Puritans denied and asserted that the Scriptures are a rule of discipline and government as well as a perfect stand-ard of doctrine. The position of the Church of England, summarily stated, was, that, whatever the Scriptures do not forbid, in matters of church discipline and church government, may be done without sin. While the Puritan position was, that, whatever is not commanded in the Scriptures, in these things, cannot be done without sin. The Puritans therefore dropped all church festivals and feast days, surplices, habits, and ceremonies, and charged the Episcopalians with " popish leaven and superstition, and sub-jection to the ordinances of men," because they retained these. As proof which, they thought, ought to convince the Puritans that the church had liberty in such things as these, the Episcopalians produced the fact that the observance of Sunday is only an ordinance of the church, and rests only upon the authority of the church; and that the Puritans therefore contradicted them-selves in'observing Sunday while denounc-ing the authority of the church, the only au-thority upon which that observance rests. This put the Puritans in a box; and they had to cast about for some way to get themselves out. They would not admit the authority of the church; because, if they did, that would involve the obliga-tion to observe all the other festivals. Directions of Scripture to observe Sunday they found none; because the only author-ity for a day of weekly rest is the fourth commandment, which commands the ob-servance of the seventh day, not the first day of the week. The Puritans therefore found themselves keeping a day for which there was no authority but church author- ity. Church authority they would not rec-ognize, and yet they would not give up Sunday observance. But to observe it without any authority while insisting, against the Episcopalians, that there must be a commandment of God for everything that was to be done, was to condemn them-selves in the eyes of all. There was great perplexity. What could be done ? Then it was that the in-ventive genius of Dr. Bownde found play. He committed a deliberate fraud upon the commandment of God, and came to the rescue with the theory that, It is not the definite seventh day, but "a seventh part of time" that is required by the fourth commandment to be kept for the Sabbath : that it is "not the seventh day from Cre-ation, but the day. of Christ's resurrection, and the seventh day from that:" that "the seventh day is genus" in the fourth commandment, so that " the seventh day from creation, and the day of Christ's res-urrection and the seventh from that" are " both of them at several times compre-hended in the commandment, even as genus comprehendeth both his species." Thus the fourth commandment was made to enforce the seventh day from creation until the resurrection of Christ and then the first day from that time onward! This brought joy to the Puritans, for it relieved them from the dilemma into which the answer of the Episcopalians had cast them. " This book had a wonderful spread among the people." " All the Pu-ritans fell in with this doctrine, and dis-tinguished themselves by spending that part of sacred time in public, family, and private acts of devotion." Says Heylin :Š This doctrine, carrying such a fair show of piety, at least in the opinion of the common people. and such as did not examine the true grounds of it, induced many to embrace and defend it; and in a very little time it became the most bewitching error and the most popular infatuation that ever was embraced by the people of England. But for what purpose was this "seventh part of time " appointed ? for what was it to be used when it had been discovered ? "This year [1594] Dr. Bownde published his treatise on the Sabbath, wherein he maintains the morality of the seventh part of time for the worship of God."ŠNeal, Id., par. 120. Doctor Bownde's own statement of the matter is this Wherefore being being bound by his calling (Gen 2 15) to dress and keep the garden, and yet charged (verse 3) to keep holy the seventh day, meditating upon the wisdom and mercy of God appearing, as in all the creatures, so especially in himself, and thus (Rom, 1 20) beholding the invisible things of God in them, giving thanks to God for them, praying for the con-tinuance of them, teaching them to his posterity, etc., it was needful that the seventh day should be unto him (and it was indeed) a Sabbath day, that is, a day of rest, resting from all his other necessary business that so he might with his whole heart and mind attend upon these, as the worship of God reguireth.ŠBook under 4 There was not in it the remotest idea that this time was for physical rest. It wag solely for worship and religious exer-cises. The suggestion of such a thought as that this time was intended or might be devoted to physical rest would have been spurned by the founder of the theory and by every other Puritan that ever lived in Puritan times, as only the suggestion of the arch enemy of righteousness. The theory therefore that a seventh part of time is necessary for physical rest is a positive fraud upon the original. And that the original invention, that a seventh part of time is what is commanded and required by the fourth command- ment, is a positive fraud, is clearly proved not only by the circumstances of its in-vention but also by every test of Scripture and every rule of law. But this theory of a seventh part of time for physical rest is not only a fraud upon the original Puritan theory of a seventh part of time for the worship of God, it is also a fraud upon the commandment of God which enjoins the day of rest. That commandment says : " Remember the Sab-bath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Here are the reasons : First, he rested on the seventh day ; second, he blessed it and made it holy. That one may become tired is not given as a reason for doing no work on the seventh day. God does not say that on the seventh day you shall do no work because if you should you would overdo or break down your physical sys-tem. Nothing of the kind. Man's phys-ical wants are not referred to in the -com-mandment.' It says, Work six days because the Lord worked six days; rest on the seventh because the Lord rested on the seventh day; keep that day holy, because the Lord blessed it and made it holy. It is the Lord who is to be held in view. It is the Lord who is to be exalted. Therefore the fourth commandment and its obligations have solely to do with man's relationship to God. It is not man's physical but his spiritual needs that are held in view in. the Sabbath command-ment. This is further proved by referring again to the reason given in the commandment for the resting. It is to rest the seventh day because the Lord rested that day. Now, did the Lord rest because he was weary from what he had done on the six days ? Did he rest because if he should work longer there was danger of over-doing or breaking down his physical sys-tem ? Did he rest in order to "recuperate his wasted energies ? "ŠNot at all. " Hast thou not known? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary ? " Isa. 40:28. This is what the Scripture says of it; and what one of the chief Sunday-law workers says of it is this :Š If he is never weary, how can we say of him that he rests ? . . God is a spirit, and the only rest which he call know is the supreme repose which only the Spirit can knowŠin the fulfillment of his purpose and the completeness as well as the completion of his work Just as in the solemn pauses between the cre-ative days, he pronounced his creatures "good," so did he rejoice over the finishing of his work, resting in perfect satisfaction of an accomplished plan: not to restore his wasted energy, ŠRev. Geo, Elliott, " Abiding Sabbath," chap. I. The rest with which the Lord rested was spiritual rest, spiritual refreshing, and delight in the accomplished work of the creation. As the Lord's Sabbath rest was spiritual, and as his so resting is the reason for man's Sabbath rest, so man's Sabbath l It is not denied that physical rest is obtained, in the ob-servance of the commandment; but it comes as the consequence of the spiritual rest which is the real meaning and object of the commandment. The observance of the Sabbath in spiritual rest is true Sabbath observance. While to attempt to observe it for physiial rest is to miss it wholly and not to observe it at all. 