Rqual and SxaetJuBtice to all Men, or Whatever State or (Persuasion, Feligious or VOlitiCal. ŠThomas Jefferson.. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, APRIL 7, 1892. NUMBER 14. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS ,PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLIKAN, W. H. MCKEE. SECULARISM in government is not, as some have supposed, akin to infidelity, but is, on the contrary, perfectly in har-mony with the gospel of Christ. GOD in the beginning created man a free moral agent; as it has been beauti- fully expressed :Š " God doth ne'er compel our spirits All may choose the good or ill. 'Tis the willing heart he loveth, but He never chained the will." Neither has he commissioned men, either in their individual or aggregate capacity to compel by physical force obedience to the divine law. His word is, " Choose ye whom ye will serve." IN the very nature of the case man can not administer the divine law, for he " judgeth by the outward appearance;" while "God looketh upon the heart." The divine law is a " discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart," and the Judge who administers it must be able to read the most secret thoughts of the soul and weigh in the scales of perfect justice the motives, which are the mainspring of action. The folly of man in attempting to administer the law of God is equalled only by his wickedness in usurping a pre-rogative of the Author of that law. As man was in the beginning left free to choose or to refuse the service of God, so now God would have him to be free. The Lord orders no drafts for his army. His soldiers are not slaves, but the Lord's free men. They serve not from fear, but love; not from constraint, but of a willing  mind; and to make it otherwise, if that were possible, would be to thwart the purpose of God and defeat his plan, which is to people.this sphere with created intel-ligencies, every individual of whom has, of his own free will, chosen the service of the King of kings. National Reformers should beware of presuming to stay the ark of God's immutable purpose. HOWEVER pure and disinterested the motives of National Reformers, and others who are demanding religious legislation may be, the fact can not be denied that in all the past the union of Church and State has resulted most disastrously to both. Such a union is contrary to nature. The contracting parties are of different species. BUT it is denied that anybody seeks a union of Church and State; we demand, they say, only a union of religion and the State. This is, however, only a distinc-tion without a difference. Churches, or sects, crystallize around certain articles of faith; and the Church, that is the whole body of believers, is simply a larger crys-tallization around those articles of faith held in common by the various sects of Christians. To unite the State with the whole body is not less, but rather more, a union of Church and State than to unite it with a part of that body, a sect, or de-nomination, merely. WHEN Constantine made Christianity the religion of the Roman Empire, he only united religion and the State; but out of it grew naturally and necessarily a State Church. When Christianity had been made the religion of the empire it became necessary to secure an authorita-tive definition, or statement, of what con-stituted Christianity; hence the council of Nicaa and the Nicene creed. Chris-tianity, or religion, as a sentiment locked in the bosom of individuals, can not be united with the State; it must and will, sooner or later, if fostered by the State, resolve itself into a creed, and a State  Church will crystallize around that creed. It has been so in the past, and history repeats itself. OF the the Baptists, Rev. Dr. McArthur, of this city, himself a Baptist, says :Š They affirmed that only when a man personally made a profession of faith, did he become rightfully a member of the church; and they stoutly affirmed the separation between the ecclesiastical body and the civil community. They have ever stood for the separation betwen Church and State. When this doctrine is denied, and baptismal regeneration is affirmed, it is logical for the civil power to attempt to make men Christian. If baptizing a person would change his spiritual nature and his relations to God, all that is necessary to make a nation Christian is to compel the people to be baptized. . . . This doctrine led to the thumb-screw and the fagot. But Baptists have ever affirmed that a man could become a Christian only by the vol-untary action of his own spiritual nature, that religion was a matter between the man and his God, and that the civil magistrate, because he could not reach the heart, had no duty to perform in making men Christians by outward observances. Baptists did not abstain from persecution simply because of pity for the persecuted, nor for lack of religious zeal, but they were restrained by logical deductions, because they affirmed that becoming a Christian was a spiritual act, and not one which outward force could compel. 'Tis passing strange that a man can state so clearly such sound principles and not be able to apply them to current events. Dr. McArthur is a vice-president of the American Sabbath Union, and in favor of enforced Sunday observance. -How can he fail to see his own inconsist-ency ? PROBABLY Dr. McArthur would answer that he favors Sunday laws only in the interests of good morals (morals in the common acceptation of the word) and social order. But that is the same argu-ment (?) precisely that has in all the past been used to justify the very measures against which the Doctor inveighs. The apostles, and even Christ himself, were accused of creating social disorder, raising an uproar, forbidding to give tribute unto Caesar, etc. ; and similar charges have been brought against " heretics " from that 