388 AMERICAN SENTINEL. -which reveals more clearly and beautifully the wonderful wisdom and love of God in his great work for the redemp--tion of mankind. They behold wondrous things out of the divine law, and with a hope based upon the definite -assurances of the infallible Word, they are waiting for the glorious appearing of their God in the clouds of hea-ven, to purify the earth of sin and sinners. To which of these companies, reader, do you belong? Are you drifting carelessly on into the unknown, or are you guided by the chart and compass of God's Word? Tan steamships Hecla and Mississippi were recently in collision on a fog-swept portion of the high seas. An eye-witness of the disaster relates that as the Hecla was bearing down on the Mississippi, he saw a man run for-ward to the Hecla's prow, and picking up a stick, hold it -out to fend off the collision. A fit illustration this of the power of man's puny arm to control the forces of right--eousness and evil which are ever in collision upon this -earth. Only the arm of God can turn from their course the evil forces whose onslaughts upon society men are now trying to fend off by legislation. ,__ --4 The Importance of a Theory. IN answer to the question, "Christian Citizenship : What Is It?" a writer, in the June Christian Endeavorer, says :Š "The world is sick unto death of theories. The de-mand of the times is for men of actionŠmen who do something. . . . "The strength of the great movement we call Chris-tian citizenship lies largely in its being practical." This is very true; but the importance of a theory must not be overlooked; for all practice is shaped by some theory, and if the theory be bad, the practical re-sults that come from it will be of the same character. And of this the "Christian citizenship" movement affords an illustration. For this movement is based upon the theory that righteousness is to be established on the earth by means of the good works which "Christian citi-zenship" aims to perform. And this theory is false, being contrary to the express teachings of the prophetic Word relative to the conditions which would prevail in the last days. See 2 Tim. 3:1-5, etc. The theory of a temporal' millennium is luring vast numbers of people on to a stu-pendous disaster, to which their eyes will be opened only when there remains no means of escaping from it. It is true the world is sick of theories; but it will be still more sick of the practices which must come in the effort to realize the "Christian citizenship" theory. For the theory that righteousness can be set up by means of the ballot and human legislation, can only lead to reli-gious controversy, persecution, and confusion. Saint-making at Rome. RECENTLY, as all the world has been informed, two additions were made to the Roman Catholic calendar of "saints," with due ceremonials and announcement in St. Peter's church, at Rome. The canonization ceremonies are said to have eclipsed in point of display anything that has been seen on like occasions since the pope lost his temporal power. Says a London journal, "There were the glittering uniforms of soldier guards, robes of the clergy, jewelled mitres, waving banners, and swinging censers, all fitting accompaniments of the ceremony which blasphemously professes to exalt the dead to be objects of devotion." The same journal adds that "Before declaring the two new papal saints, to whom petitions may be ad-dressed, the pope, according to the formula, twice deferred granting the request for canonization in order to con-sult with the Lord." In what way he undertook this consultation it is not said; but evidently it was not by going to the Word of God, for that Word declares that dead men do not know anything, but are in their graves, oblivious to all that transpires in earth or heaven. See Eccl. 9:5, 6; Ps. 146:3, 4, etc. According to that Word, there can be no occasion whatever for saint-making or saint worship. It is very certain, therefore, that the pope did not consult with the Author of that Word. A RECENT decision of the police court of Philadelphia affirms that the crying of any article of merchandize in the streets of the city on the "Sabbath" is a "breach of the peace," and the policemen are authorized to stop it. i-4 Foreign Missionary Work. WHEN the Great Missionary left his disciples, he com-missioned them to go "into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." That was &gospel of religious libertyŠnot in its generally accepted sense, but liberty in ChristŠfreedom from sin. "The Lord bath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he lath sent me to bind up the broken hearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Never in the history of the world was there more need of this gospel being given in its simplicity than to-day. Hungry, burdened, discouraged sin-sick souls are appealing for help; and not alone from our own shores, but from across the ocean, from the darkness of heathendom and from the islands of the sea comes the Macedonian cry, "Come over and help us." These earnest pleas have touched the hearts of thousands of God-fear-ing, self-sacrificing men and women everywhere who have left their homes and taken their lives in their hands, as it were, to tell the people the good news of a Saviour who 