90 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. be opened on Sunday. No reason is given. No cause for such action assigned. The fact is simply stated that all such enter-prises and all the people connected with them and in attendance upon them, shall yield to the Government of the United States this portion of time. When Jehovah required of men that they should render to him the seventh day he gave a sufficient reason ; but this bill would have the citi-zens of the United States, and incidentally the whole world, as it may be related to these expositions, render to it the first day of the week, a tribute of one-seventh of their time, without deigning to state any reason other than its own arbitrary will. In these cases this measure would be an indirect assumption of the right of ex-clusive legislation over one day in the week, in territory within the limits of a State and under the control of a munici-pality for which the Constitution gives no warrant. The powers of Congress are specified and that of direct legislative or municipal control restricted to the District of Columbia and " places purchased by the consent of the Legislature of the State in which the same shall be." In order then to exercise this right of local control it would be necessary for Congress to pur-chase the site of all expositions in which it took part, subject to the permission of State Legislatures, therefore this indirect method of attaining the same end is under-taken, and by it Congress is enabled to exercise exclusive authority for one day of the week in territory outside of that over which the Constitution gives it con-trol. The application of this bill is cer-tainly broad. But what is the purpose of this measure ? A bill so forcibly arbitrary and with such a breadth of application must have been inspired by an intent to use the power that might be obtained by it for a purpose. Its purpose is the same as that of all other bills relating to Sunday, now, or at any other time, before Congress, and that is, that the Congress of the United States shall give its legislative sanction to the dogma of the sacredness of Sunday, the "American Sabbath." And however many other interpretations this measure might be subject to the religious question would be so inextricably commingled with them as to utterly vitiate its propriety as a matter of adjudication by the Congress of the United States. What would be said of a similar bill which should specify, instead of Sunday, Christmas day, Easter, or any or all the holy days upon the church cal-endar ? No suggestion that Congress, or any civil authority, should so legislate would be listened to for a moment. It.  would be immediately seen that its pur-pose was to secure the enforcement of a man-made religious formality. But suppose the other horn of the dilemma is taken and its sanction is based upon the divine authority of the immutable moral law delivered from Sinai. It  then becomes confessedly without the pale of constitutionality. More, it becomes a blasphemous assumption of authority to change, interpret, and enforce a divine edict. There is still another point of, ap-parently, intentional unconstitutionality involved in this measure. The very refer-ence of this bill to the committee which has it in charge shows the general under-standing that it is intended to have effect upon the coming World's Fair in Chicago. Legislation, however, has been had upon that, and 'appropriations made. Has any one then presumed to present for the consid-eration of Congress, a measure intended to be an ex post facto law,Šone retroactive in character and impairing obligations previously entered into ? Vitiating the value of previous contracts, after second and third parties have acted in good faith upon them ? It is charitable to consider that this bill was presented without due forethought and without counsel, and yet its reintroduction in a second Congress, couched in precisely identical words would seem to preclude any such charitable construction. This measure is hopelessly and doubly unconstitutional ; its intent is to ask for the unconstitutional application of a law which would be in itself unconstitutional. To require the observance of Sunday is to require, obedience to a religious dogma, which is the distinguishing mark of a cer-tain ecclesiastical hierarchy. It is to as-sert, by the authority of the Government, that that form of Christianity is part of the law of the land, which is the precept of an established church and religion, and inapplicable under the Constitution of the United States. There can not constitution-ally be any United States statute for the purpose of enforcing Sunday keeping, or any other religious observance. This bill would enforce it by a discrimination and a penalty. It has no place upon the United States statute books. Truly, the application of this bill is not limited, neither is it without significance. W. H. M. Dangerous Assumption. A RECENTLY contributed article in the Boston Traveller, referred to in these col- umns last week, contains these two start-ling propositions :Š When the Bible was put into the hands of the people, they became the earthly sovereigns and ex-ecutors of all it contains. Therefore, whether we consider morals and religion as within the jurisdic-tion of the Church or the State, the people are su-preme in that jurisdiction. The people, the State, are the final interpreters of all laws, religious or non-religious, in or out of the Bible. The assumption that the people are the executors of all that the Bible contains is a most dangerous one, and fully justifies all the persecution for conscience' sake that the world has ever seen. Mr. Eaton probably  made the statement having in mind only a republic; but the proposition is not true even then. However, its fallacy is more apparent when we apply it to a govern-ment in which the power is in the hands of a few, or of a single man. IT can not be disputed that whatever powers the people, in their aggregate ca-pacity, have of right, may, by them, be delegated to those whom they select as their rulers. It follows that if the people are the executors of all that the Bible con-tains, a single man might properly exer-cise that power, for it might be delegated to him by the people. Indeed, it is un-questionably the case that generally in the past a vast majority of the people have chosen to be ruled by a single man. It is evident that when such a choice is made by a majority of the people, the one whom they choose to reign over them has prop-erly all the power that belongs of right to those who gave it to him. THE people can not, in the very na-ture of the case be, in their aggregate capacity, the final interpreters of the divine law as Mr. Eaton asserts. Only as individuals are the people interpreters of the divine law; and even then the inter-pretation given by the individual is bind-ing only on himself ; he has no right to force it upon anybody else. Were this not true there could be no such thing as individual conscience or individual re-sponsibility to God. The people, or rather a majority of the people, or those able to command the most votes, would decide what was right and what wrong, and all would be bound to abide the decision. And not only so, but if such were the di-vine plan, a thing would be right or wrong according to the number of votes in its favor! SOME questions do belong absolutely to the people; in many cases their will is, and of right ought to be, final. For in-stance, it is the right of the people to de-cide, in. their aggregate capacity, what shall be their form of government; what their system of money; their laws of trade; whether they will build macadam-ized turnpikes or only dirt roads; whether they will grant to private corporations charters to build railways and canals, or whether they will build and own these public highways themselves. But when it comes to the matter of individual moral duty, the whole people have no more right to decide for one than one has to decide for the whole people. In morals the individual is responsible to God and he must be left free to discharge that re-sponsibility according to his own con-science. Any attempt, whether by one or by many, to do otherwise is a usurpa- tion of divine prerogatives. C. P. B. "You can not bring Utopia by force." 