XEir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Faith and the Cure of Disease. IN a little village on Long Island, a young girl lies dangerously ill of typhoid fever. When she was pros Crated by the disease, her parents, who were firm believ-ers in what is called "faith cure," refused to call a physi-cian, saying that the proper means for the curing of the sick were prayer and the laying on of hands. The child grew steadily worse until finally, by order of the chair-man of the village Board of Health, a doctor took the case in his charge and administered remedies which ap-pear to haVe resulted in staying the further progress of the disease. The parents submitted to the authority under which the doctor proceeded with the case, but regarded his ef-forts in combating the disease as being altogether un-called-for, useless, and contrary to faith in God as the healer of disease. The case has attracted some notice, and it will no doubt be thought of by many as representing a contest between two methods of healing, which differ from each other on the point of faith in the power of God, and that healing through faith has been shown to be a delusion. As a matter of fact there is nothing of this kind in it. The trouble is with those inclined to this view, and indeed with people generally, that they are so blind to spiritual truth that they are not able to see God in the many "common" things in which he has revealed himself to them. They think of the power of God as something that must be manifested in some supernatural way, and unless they can see a miracle of\  some kind they will not think they have seen any manifestation of God at all. Real faith in God sees vastly more than this. Real faith sees God in the things that he has made. The rem-edies that are used by the physician to combat disease in the regular practice of his profession are from the hand of God. The Creator has placed many such things,  in the earth at the disposal of man, and has given him the ability to discover many ways in which disease can be checked by operations based upon the principles of "natural law," which is the law of God. All this is from 518 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the Lord as truly as is the power that heals in a "mirac-ulous" manner, and faith in God views it as such. It sees the miraculous power of God, testifying to God's love for the human family, in the "common" things of every-day experience. It sees God not far off from every one of us, and that "in him we live, and move, and have our being." Is it to be expected that God will always pass over The I inerican Sentinel is published in the interests the common remedies which he has provided against dis- of.  religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ease, known and used by the ordinary physician, to make use of some extraordinary way of restoring the sick to health? That he sometimes does this there can be no doubt. But having placed many remedies in the hands of man for such emergencies, it is only reasonable that .man should use them, and should thus cooperate with God in the work for physical salvation. Cooperation is a principle of prime importance in the economy of God. And when man does thus use the natural remedies God has provided against disease, let him not fail to rec-ognize the power of God in it the same as if God had seen fit to interpose in his behalf by some miraculous mani-festation. CHRISTIAN enthusiasm cannot be preserved on ice, even in hot weather. Unlimited Power. WE know from the Word of inspiration that power "belongeth unto God;" that indeed, "there is no power but of God." Ps. 62:11; Rom. 13:1. God upholds all things by "the word of his power." Heb. 1:3. "He giveth to all life, and breath, and all things," and "in him we live, and move, and have our being." Acts 17:25, 28. Earthly power is the power of God, perverted by sin. The Creator so respects man's free will, that he gives him power to do that which is contrary to the divine wi11.Ł This power however is limited; but God gives man unlimited power to do that which is according to his will. The unlimited power of God is manifested through the Holy Spirit. And therefore it is written of the work of God, "not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." The Holy Spirit is the embodiment of unlimited power, and unlimited power is the natural heritage of beings created in the image of God. But unlimited power can safely be entrusted only to one whose will is in per-fect harmony with the will of God. An unsanctified will joined with unlimited power would be a worse combina-tion than is represented -by the prince of evil. But God, having unlimited power himself, does not selfishly withhold that power from all others, or from all save a favored few, but wills that all shall receive this power. Whether it is received or not, is a matter deter- 