AMEHiCiAN SENTINEL. Patriotism and the F g. " New York Journal," January sk. THE Department of Public Instruction of this State its sending out "Suggestive Programs" for the observance of Lincoln's and Washington's birthdaysŠanniversaries which by all means should be observed in schools and all that they stand for impressed upon the children. The opening feature of the program is the "Salute to the Flag." We quote the grave recommendations of the department verbatim:Š "At a signal from the principal the pupils in ordered ranks, hands to the side, face the flag. At another sig-nal every pupil gives the flag the military salute as fol-lows: 'The right hand lifted, palm downward, the fore-finger touching the forehead above the eye.' Standing thus all repeat together slowly: pledge allegiance to my flag and the Republic for which it stands, one Nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.' At the words 'to my flag,' the right hand is extended gracefully, palm upward toward the flag, and remains in this gesture till the end of the affirmation, whereupon all hands immedi-ately drop to the side." This seems to be another exampleŠthey are already innumerableŠof the unfortunate tendency of well mean-ing persons, to mistake flag idolatry for patriotism. It were better to teach frankly to the boy that the flag is now what his fathers made it, and will be what he and his fellows make it; that it waved over slavery until his fathers purged it of that stain; that it waves now over political corruption, judicial injustice, and industrial dis-tress, and will continue to spread its folds over these evils unless he and his fellows with stout hearts, pure minds and honest purpose toil in their youth and in their age to sweep away the abominations which have grown up under our flag as under others. There is a wide difference between flag patriotism and true patriotism. The latter includes reverence for the flag, the former is apt to include nothing else. ONE man has at last appeared who favors the union of church and state in the United States, and who at the same time has the honesty to say so. He at the same time has the ability to discern, and the honesty to say, that the union of religion and the state is the union of church and state. This open-minded man is Rev. Dr. Charles M. Lam-son, the president of the American Board of Foreign Missions. In the reception and dinner of the Chicago Congregational Club, in Chicago, Monday night, January 17, 1898, Dr. Lamson spoke on "New-Englandism," in the report of which we find the following:Š "Another tendency is toward the union of church and state, or, better, of religion and state. Congregational-ism is democracy. It is an inherent part of all true re-publicanism. The church has a great opportunity to assert its love for the land and to become patriotic. The time is coming when we shall place the obligations of cit- izenship in the forefront of our principles and inculcate them on all sides in the church work." Another point in this to his credit, and to which we call the attention of the Christian Citizen is, that Dr. Lamson recognizes, and openly says, that the union of religion and citizenship is the union of religion and the state, which is the union of church and state. That one such man is found, is a distinct gain. - If there were about one or two thousand more such, the situation would be greatly relieved. We sincerely wish that every one of those who are so diligently working for the union of church and state in the United States would by some means get ;the courage to say so. Nothing is ever gained by trying to get one thing under pretense of something else. A. T. J. Another Scripture. Study with the " Christian Citizen." "THERE was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the gKeatest." Luke 22:24. The disciples were expecting Christ to set up a kingdom in this world and of this world. They expected that in this kingdom they themselves, as a matter of course, would have the chief places, because they were his first chosen disciples. But it was not enough for them that they should have the chief places: the strife among them was as to which one of them should have the chief place. It was not enough that they should all be great and occupy prominent positions; they got up a strife as to which of them should be the greatest and have the most promin-ent position. Nor yet was the strife exactly as to who should be greatest; but who should be accounted the greatest. Everybody can see that this was simply political ambition, and political strife for political position. Their conception regarding Christ's kingdom was altogether a mistaken one; yet that does not affect thefact that theirs was only political ambition and political strife for politi-cal position: and this all because their conception of Christ's kingdom was political. Everybody can see also that the conception which these men then held of Christ's kingdom is precisely the conception which the Christian citizenship movement entertains to day. And the strife in which the disciples were then engaged with r espect to their place in the prospective government is precisely that of the Christian citizenship folks to-day respecting-their prospective government. These to-day contemplate nothing else than a grand national "strife" by an election campaign to decide "which of them shall be accounted the greatest." We know that these to day sustain them-selves with the idea that their work is all for the glory of God. But was it not so with those other disciples? Yet it was all wrong: it was sheer political, selfish ambition. "And Jesus said unto them, The kings' of the Gentilea exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise an 