74 AMERICAN SENTINE1.4. Religion and State in Russia. RUSSIA has long enjoyed the "benefits" of State reli-gion. From the days of Peter the Great, the. Czar has been head of the Church as well as of the State. He has long been recognized as "priest" of the Russian "White House," as well as civil ruler. His empire is and has long been a "Christian" nation. In Russia the State is united to the "Christian" faith. The Russian legal code, called "Swod," so declares, sayL ing "that in the Russian lands the established faith shall be that of the Christian Orthodox Oriental Catholic Church." Of course, the faith of a "Christian orthodox" church can be none other than the. Christian orthodox faith. The foregoing, with other facts given in the following quotations, are taken from an interesting article contrib-uted to the Independent, of January 28, by a correspond-ent in Russia. The Russian legal code declares:2-- "The Emperor, as the Christian ruler, is the highest defender and protector of the clop-has of the established, faith, the guardian of the orthodox faith and of each and every ordinance of the holy church." In the days of Peter the Great, each member of the "Holy Synod" took this oath: "I confess and confirm with my oath, that the highest ruler of this college [the synod] is the Czar, our most gracious Lord." The oath exacted of bishops at the present time is as follows:Š "I promise to obey the directing synod for all the Russias in each and every respect as the authoritative legal body of the church, which has been appointed as such by his Majesty Peter the Great, of blessed memory, and has been confirmed -by our present ruling Emperor. "I also confess that I have received this office by the will of his, Majesty and by the election of the Synod. And. I promise to keep faithfully all that has been en-joined upon me, or shall be enjoined upon me by the Holy Synod, after the consent of his Majesty shall have been secured for the measures decided upon by the Synod." Peter the Great did not see, however, or professed not to see, that this state of things would interfere with liberty of conscience. "In 1722 Peter declared in a ukase that it was not his purpose to meddle with affairs of conscience, although he had by divine authority the absolute power to decide in such matters." His idea of interference with conscience was very much like that held by some religious "reformers" of the present time. The present Russian law in regard to dissenters reads as follows:Š "All the subjects of the Russian Empire not belonging to the Established Church, both native Russians and those from abroad who are in the service of the State, are permitted at all times openly to confess their faith and practice their services in accordance with the rite.  This freedom of faith is assured not only to the Christians of foreign confessions, but also, to the Jews, Mohamme-dans and heathens, so that all the peoples in Russia may worship God the Almighty, with different tongues ac-cording to the laws and confessions of their fathers, so that they may bless the government of the Russian Czar and pray for his welfare and prosperity to the Creator of the world." "This liberty, however," says the Independent's cor-respondent, "is assured only those persons who are born , into a certain confession, but not to those who would adopt or accept a new faith, unless it be that of the, Es-tablished Church. The legal code reads:Š " `It is the privilege only of the Established Church in the Empire to seek others to adopt its teachings and tenets. This faith, however, can be effected only by the grace of God, by instruction, by kindness, and especially by a noble example. Therefore it is never permitted the Established Church to use force in gaining the adherents of other faiths or persuading unbelievers to.embraee the orthodox faiths, nor to threaten those who will not come over to the Orthodox Church.' " "In the strongest terms every propaganda of others among the adherents of the State Church is forbidden. Whoever persuades an orthodox RuSsian to join another church, loses all his legal and civil rights, and is ban-ished to Siberia. Those who have left the orthodox communion in this way are put under the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts. Until their return to the State Church they are deprived of all rights over their 'own children, for whom guardians are appointed, and who,  are placed in schools approved by the church au-thorities. If the convert has property where also or-thodox people live, he is not allowed to occupy it, and the property is put into the hands of another. In case the convert absolutely refuses to return, all these pun- ishments are made permanent. The ministers of "strange cults" are forbidden by law to engage in any polemics against the States  Church. They are not al-lowed to warn their own members from going over to the Established Church. In fact, they are even com-pelled to report such conversions to the authorities of the State. "What almost insurmountable difficulties are by the laws of Russia placed between dissenting members and the performance of their duties, can be seen, for examle, from the legal restrictions put upon the Roman Cath-olics. The Roman Catholic bishops can confer with. the Vatican only through the mediamship of the Russian Ministry of the Interior, and without the placet of the Minister they are not permitted to publish any pastoral letters or other official declarations. The disciplinary measures of the bishops are seriously interfered with by the laws of the State offering protection to disobedient priests and laymen. The bishops and priests are not permitted to visit Rome. Only one Russian bishop par-ticipated in the deliberations of the Vatican Council in 1870, and he was forbidden to return by the govern_ went. Occasionally the Imperial government allows 