396 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. others; . . . nor shall any person en-gage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation to the disturbance of others on .the first day of the week, commonly known as Sunday, or during any part thereof." See also- section 6. There are many pro- fessed Sunday-keepers who believe in rec-reation on Sunday. There are many men, whose work confines them through the week, who find rest and recreation in working in their garden on Sunday. There are those who observe some other day as a Sabbath who, to support themselves and families, are compelled to work on the first day at their regular business, which they, of course, under the Constitution, have the right to do. But why mention these classes-? asks one. The law would not interfere with-them if they did not "disturb others," But that ,is just the point. They could do no known work, they could indulge in no' game or exercise on Sunday without disturbing some bigoted Sunday - keeper. Whether such an one saw his neighbor at workor not it would disturb him just as much as though that neighbor was hammering on his- door-post. Many consciences. are easily disturbed by the acts of others. The good Sunday-keepers of Scotland were so dis-turbed a few years since that they could leave their devotions on the day which they held as holy, to stone some fishermen who attempted to land- fish on, that day. Some good Sunday-keepers of the East are greatly disturbed because California has no Sunday law. Well-meaning and merci-ful men might, through mistake, pass such a law, but religious bigots would make it cruelly operative. 3: The bill is also a bid for injustice and oppression. Section 5 reads:Š That it shall be unlawful to pay or receive pay-ment or wages in any manner for service rendered or for labor performed or for the transportation of persons or of property in violation of the provisions of this act, nor shall any action lie, [hold good] for the recovery thereof, and when so paid, whether in advance or otherwise, the same may be recovered back by whosoever shall first:  sue for the same. A more iniquitous measure has not been framed in the nineteenth century. A man may be honestly employed, by an honest man to do honest work on Sunday which interferes with, no one lout the men en-gaged. These men are there from choice, But under such a. law as this the employer has no right to pay for the profits he has:  received from the poor man's labor; the poor man has no right to receive the com-pensation which is his due for ,service rendered and strength and time expended in legitimate, honest toil. His family may be suffering for the wages earned, but he has no right to receive them, and if the does, any vagabond, bigot, or rascal has the right to sue him and recoverthe same. The bill is worthy only of:  the Dark Ages. It is a sad thing that one man can be found to. frame such a measure; it is sadder -still to know that there are .so many who will advocate and support it. But as it has  been framed and.supported, so certainly Would it be enforced if it should become law. 4. The passing of such a bill would de-stroy not Only religions equality but civil, or political, equality. It would divide by law the people of the United States into classes, so far as the law has jurisdiction. The first class, the highly honored, would be. Sunday-keepers, placed in position by a mere majority. These would be granted absolute freedom. The second class would be those who observe another day, for whom a sort of exemption is made, which really is no exemption, and which would soon be swept away for obvious reasons, as soon as the law was enacted. The bill ;does not prohibit their laboring on Sun-day, neither does it sanction it, but it makes its legitimacy depend on so frail a foundation as the " disturbance of others." The third class will be those who do not believe in the sacredness of Sunday or re-ligious legislation, and who do not regard any day as the Sabbath. The law counts these as criminals, however faithful or conscientious they may be. This class dis-crimination does not come because one class is better citizens or better men, but solely on account of a religious tenet or institution. The Sunday would therefore be the solo difference. A. matter of con-.  science (?) with the majority is made the matter of a crime in the minority. And the man who observed another day than Sunday, whose labor disturbed the con-sciences of others; would be compelled by the law to render one-sixth of his income for the sake of the majority. That is, the Government would exact from him one day in the week, which it would not from the Sunday-keeper. The foregoing is a sample of Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts's boasted " equality " and " justice " of Sun-day laws. 5. Such .a law as contemplated by the bill would place the Government against God. The Sabbath and religious worship belong to God alone. The observance of the one and: the rendering of the other are duties which men owe to their Creator, and for which they will have to give ac-count. at his,tribunal. When Government, therefore, attempts to regulate, limit, or define such duties, it arrogates to itself powers and prerogatives which belong only to God, and becomes a usurper. Jesus said, " Render therefore unto Cwsar the things which be Caesar's, .and unto God the things which be .God's!" The Sabbath belongs to God; to. hint it ought to be rendered, not by constraint, but of one's own free will. The foregoing are some of the reasons. why the Blair Sunday-rest bill shOuld. opposed by every good citizen, every lover of liberty, and, more than all else, by every Christian. The gospel of Christ has naught to do with civil law.7---3{. C. W., in Signs of the Times. Memorials of 1829-30. No. 5, A PROTEST,  FROM THE LEGISLATURE OF INDIANA AGAINST SUNDAY LEGISLATION. TIM interest aroused in the Sunday agi-tation of 1829-30 can only be fully. appre-elated by those who went through the Sun-day campaign in California in 1883, or who have read the theological conflict between Arianism, and Athanasianism in the Roman Empire. Mr. Ben: Perley Poore, an old official of the United States Senate, in his " Reminiscences " (page 101), says: "The members' of several religious denomina-tions were prominent in their demonstra-tions, and in Philadelphia, chains secured by padlocks, were stretched across the streets on Sundays to prevent the passage of the mail coaches." Is it a wonder that such fanaticism called forth the remon-strances which are here being presented ? The " reiterated and untiring efforts " of these religio-politiCal agitators, who were flooding Congress with petitions, be-gan to assume a serious aspect. So much so that the Legislature of the State of 'In-diana considered that a formal remon-strance on its part was demanded. It ac-cordingly passed the following memorial, which was transmitted by the Governor, February 15, 1830, to the parties men-tioned in the resolution :Š MEMORIAL OF THE STATE OF INDIANA. The memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Indiana respectfully represents: That we view all attempts to introduce sectarian influence into the councils of the Nation as a viola-tion of both the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-tion of the United States and of this State, and at the same time dangerous to our civil and religious liberties, inasmuch as those charters secure to every man the, free exercise of his religion and the right to worship the Almighty God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience, and inasmuch as any legislative interference in matters of religion would be an infraction of those rights. We, therefore, most respectfully remonstrate against any attempt, by a combination of one or more sects, to alter the laws providing for the trans-portation of the mail, and against the passage of a law to regulate or enforce the- observance of reli-gious duties, or which may interfere with what be-longs to the conscience of each. individual. That all legislative interference in matters of re-ligion is contrary to the genius of Christianity; and that there are no doctrines or observances incul-cated by the _Christian, religion which require the arm of the civil power either to enforce or sustain them: That we consider every connection between Church and State at all times dangerous to civil and religious liberty-; and, further, That we cordially agree to and approve of the able report of the Hon. R. M. Johnson, adopted by the Senate :of the United States at its last session, upon the petitions for prohibiting the transportation of the mail on Sunday ; and while we protest in the most solemn manner against every attempt to en force, by legislative interference, the observance of 0:117,PartiCulair,day,  yefwe believe that both the spir-itual:and:teMporal interest of mankind.is promoted by setting apart ,one day, in the week for the pur-pose of rest; religious instruction and the worship of God. Resolved, That- his excellency the Governor, be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing me-morial to each of our Senators and Representatives 