478 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Catholic Civilization. BY JOHN MC CARTHY. THE Roman Catholic divines have long boasted, and still boast incessantly, of the divinity Of their origin; which they say has been proved time and again by the way in which their "apostles" have "converted" and "regenerated" whole pagan nations, in a remarkably short space of time. They ridicule the Protestant missionaries because they are unable to effect such " miracles " as they pro-fess themselves able to perform; and hold up to scorn some frail efforts made on the part of some prominent Protestant missionaries. They relate with jubilance how "the zealous Wesley went on a mission to convert the savages of Georgia, but returned without making one proselyte." Also hOw "his companion Whitefield afterwards went to the same country, on the same errand, but returned without any greater success," Speaking of the missionaries who went out to the Friendly Islands in the "Duff," they with evident joy show how "seven of them had not in the course of six years, baptized a single Islander." Also, "in the Bengal government, extending over from thirty to forty mill-ions of people (year 1802, A. D.), with all its influence and encouragement, not more than eighty converts have been made by the Protestant missionaries in seven years."ŠEnd of Religious Controversy, page 213. We might greatly extend this list, but this will clearly demonstrate how the Catholic church regards with secret joy any apparent failure of Protestant mis-sionaries in foreign lands. It is however our intention to reveal the fallacy of the papist claims, by showing the shallowness of the f` miraculous " "conversions," brought about through the instrumentality of Roman Catholic missionaries. The pope of Rome regards the republics of Hispano-America as model Christian countries, since the majority of the inhabitants of the same are literally slaves to the erroneous doctrines of the papacy. But what is the state of things in the republics of Bolivia, Peru, Guate-mala, Ecuador, and Colombia? There the Catholic church has despotically and solely ruled, unmolested by any Protestant "intruders" for centuries. Now if these are the "model" Catholic nations of the world, one would naturally expect therein a "model" people; but alas, this hope proves to belong to the ignis fatuus class, which, though it appears so resplendent in the distance, upon approximating, vanishes away, and disappears from our view. Have you ever traveled in the above-mentioned re-publics ? No ? Then you know but little of the results of the introduction of Catholic "Christianity." There the woman, although nominally free, is nothing less than the slave of vile degraded man. There you find at least ninety per cent. of the population who can neither read  nor write, growing up, generation after generation, learning the mysteries of the papish education; viz: counting the rosary, etc. There you find at least sixty-five per cent. of the inhabitants are illegitimate offspring. There eighty per cent. of the men are known to keep concubines, independent of their own legitimate wives. There the Bible is prohibited, and interdicted, and woe to him who should purchase that Book of books, with-out first having obtained the sacerdotal sanction. There, no such thing as toleration is known, and all who essay to preach the 'gospel of Jesus Christ, must do so at the risk of loosing their lives. There murder is almost countenanced by the judicial authorities, since the murderer is only condemned to one of three sen-tences; viz: (1) To be imprisoned for two or three years; (2) to serve in the police force for five years; or (3) to join the army on the frontier to prevent Indian in-cursions. The above are undeniable facts which cannot be re-futed by impartial travelers who have visited any of these countries, The Argentine Republic, Brazil, Uru-guay, Chile, and Mexico, were formerly in as bad a con-dition, but a few years back they began to throw off the papal yoke that so heavily oppressed them; and as a natural consequence they haveŠmore especially the Argentinian, Chilian, and Uruguan. republics Š made rapid strides up the path of progress, and the genera-tion is well equipped with educational advantages. But this step was not taken, even in these more advanced nations, until the pioneer Protestant mis-sionaries had advocated the importance of a good education; and then, putting theory into practice, they inaugurated schools throughout the length and breadth of these realms. And about the same time, God in his mercy, raised up men of capacity, like Sarmiento, former Argentine minister to the United States and af-terwards president of that republic, who seeking the welfare of their people, brought into existence the pres-ent excellent educational system, the ramifications of which are found throughout the above-named nations. Now if the republics first named are counted "model" Catholic countries, we might with reason be permitted to ask, In what are they models ? If the blind obedience of a people to corrupt priests constitute a model nation, from a papist standpoint, then Rome may well boast of the northern republics of the South American continent; but if, as we have been taught to believe from childhood up, virtue, morality, and justice is the garb of a model nation, then instead of boasting of her "miraculous con-versions," she should bitterly weep, and repent, as she gazes upon the withering effects of the baneful religion she has everywhere introduced among them: How has she held the power here so long ? Simply by the liberal use of the only weapon she knows how to ably manipulate; viz: force, in the shape of religious laws, papal bulls, interdictions, maledictions, excom-munications, intimidations, and persecutions. True Protestantism seeks to emancipate the fanatical classes, 