1.5 _L_ Ji A_ -.4 _—""moo select the seventh day of the week. But inas-much as the majority of the people prefer the first day of the week as the rest day, that day is selected, and the State very properly for-bids that any one should exact on that day, from those in his employ, any labor that is not required by necessity or mercy. The same choice of the majority also designates the same day as the day for public worship, and forbids that any one shall do anything to deprive others of the right to enjoy their worship. Hence, Sunday parades accompanied by music are forbidden on that day; and it would be quite within the right of society to restrict the running of cars, or to forbid it altogether. Society also forbids the opening of shops, be-cause this leads to a demand upon the em-ployed for work on Sunday, and also because the opening of one shop on Sunday almost ne-cessarily leads to the opening of other shops or all shops, of the same description. But here society must stop. It has no right to forbid any one pursuing, on a Sunday, any vocation which shall not disturb his fellow-men, nor interfere with their rights. If a man, on a Sunday, chooses to hoe in his gar-den, or to engage in any other peaceful occu-pation which disturbs no one, he is within his right. Religious liberty is violated if he is mo-lested by the law. This holds good, whatever faith he professes, or if he professes no faith at all. But the case is still stronger when the man is a conscientious follower of a faith which holds sacred the seventh day, and when he attests his consientiousness by abstaining from labor on that day, and by engaging in public worship. These, the principles of religious liberty, were held dear by our Baptist fathers, who suffered for their maintenance. The Baptists of Georgia are a great host, numbering 161,-000 white and 206,000 colored people, prob-ably exceeding in number any other denom-ination. The principles of religious liberty have been firmly and intelligently held by leading Baptists of the State, eminently by Hon. J. L. M. Curry, LL.D., a native of Georgia, now secretary of the Peabody Fund, a distinguished Baptist, than whom no one in the Southern States has a more potent voice. We respectfully and earnestly urge upon Dr. Curry and upon ex-Governor Northen, of Georgia, and other Georgia Baptists, laymen and ministers, to protest against these viola-tions of religious liberty, and to plead with their fellow-citizens to do away with laws which belong to the Dark Ages. To the men who are suffering for conscience' sake we ex-tend our most sincere sympathy, as we extend it to the Stundists and to all others of the noble army of men who are enduring hard-ship for following out their religious convic-tions. Ł -41. Ł AN IMPROVED PLAN TO INCREASE ATTEND-ANCE AT SUNDAY SCHOOL. Sunday School Up to Date. [From the New York Press, May 23.] NEWARK, N. J., May 22.ŠAt the session of the Universalist Sunday School Union held here yesterday Rev. J, Coleman Adams an-nounced that in six months he would agree to double or treble the attendance of any Sunday School if he were allowed to carry out his plans. He would organize the boys into com-panies and brigades. He would uniform them in red coats and white trousers, with plenty of gold trimmings; he would have a full brass band and a muscular drum corps. Every  Sunday he would have the boys mount guard before the opening of the session of the school and have the rifles stacked in the aisles. He would have a library provided with good detective and cowboy stories. With these things and drills on Tuesdays and Thurs-days he would increase the attendance of boys. For the girls he would have bicycle clubs. The uniform would be a bright and attractive one. He would let them wear bloomers if they so desired. He would drill the girls in evolutions on the cycles. He said these plans would draw a crowd, if that was what was wanted. The great danger would be that a Sunday school near by might get brighter uni-forms and a louder band. Energy and deter-mination were what would build up a Sunday school. Mr. Adams said his first step would be, if he were allowed to carry out the plan outlined, to chain down the old fogies who might oppose his plan. BAPTIST PUBLICATION SOCIETY Protests Against the Arrest of Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists. [From the New York Sun, June 2.] SARATOGA, June 1.ŠAfter the address of its president, the seventy-first annual report of the Board of Managers of the American Bap-tist Publication Society was presented this morning. Its headquarters are in Philadel-phia. The gross amount of sales exceeds that of the previous year. The sales for 1894 were $497,807.48, those for 1895 are $532,763.53. The receipts from all sources other than sales for the year, amount to $19,949.80. Three thousand seven hundred and sixty-six dollars have been transferred from the profits of the publishing department to the missionary de-partment. The sum of $6,766, the contribu-tions for the missionary work of the society, has not been sufficient to meet the demand and a deficit of $3,868.04 is reported. This added to the deficit of last year gives a total deficit in the missionary department of $18,-401.88. Measures will be set on foot to re-move this deficit. The entire amount received the past year for Bible work was $15,242.84, and for missionary work $112,508.78. What-ever profits are made in the publishing depart-ment beyond what is needed for the conduct and exigencies of business go directly to the benevolent work of the society..  The Rev. H. L. Wayland, of Philadelphia, offered a resolution to the effect that it having been reported in the public press that in some portions of the United States citizens who have conscientiously observed the seventh day as a day of religious rest and worship, and who have thereafter, on the first day of the week, conscientiously been engaged in labor which in no wise disturbed their fellow-citizens, have for this act been arrested and fined and imprisoned and put upon the chain-gang; Resolved, That we most solemnly protest against the violation of the right of religious liberty, for which our fathers have contended at the cost of imprison-ment and spoliation of their goods and stripes and exile, and even of life itself. Several speeches followed the introduction of the resolution. J. B. Hawthorne, of At-lanta, Ga., said: " I know of no legislation in Georgia that will tolerate such an outrage as this, but, if they do, 275,000 Georgia Baptists will be heard from. We haven't any religious liberty in this Republic, but I believe we are coming toward it. We have simply religious tolerance." He closed by saying he was heartily in favor of the adoption of the resolu-tion. The resolution passed by a nearly unanimous vote. PRESS COMMENTS ON SOUTHERN PERSE- CUTIONS. [From the American Israelite, Cincinnati, May 23.] IT seems strange that the State of Georgia, in whose chief metropolis a grand fair is to be held next fall, should tolerate such fanati-cism and persecution. But the only way to secure personal liberty is to bring the law in the light of day when its hideousness and its cruelty are patent to all. In time, its repeal will be demanded in the name of justice and humanity. [From the Daily Telegraph, Sharon, Pa., May 18.] WHAT a horrible offense it must be to exer-cise religious liberty in the State of Georgia, if you be subject to death for its violation. Shame on the people of Georgia who will allow a true and loyal' citizen to be condemned, and convicted of unharniful work and exercising his conviction relative to the Lord's com-mandments, for " six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," etc. [From the Progress, Minneapolis, May 18.] Ix a recent issue of the Progress appeared an editorial entitled, " Modern Religious Per-secution," in which was noted the outrageous, unjust treatment, which Seventh-day Advent-ists were being made the victims of, in Ten-nessee and elsewhere, all being done under the cover of old laws which the popular sentiment of the nation has long since outgrown. The persecution legally termed prosecution, has arisen from malicious personal motives on the part of a few persons who have long since for-gotten the Golden Rule of the Master whom they profess to follow. [From the Evening News, Michigan City, Ind., May 17.] MR. ALLISON'S teachings and conscience prompt him to a strict observance of the pop-ular Saturday as his Sabbath day, and on the next day he pursues necessary labors about his home and premises. For this he is arrested, jailed, fined, put to work with the chain-gang, hired out to the highest bidder as a convict; and may, upon refusal to labor thus, even upon the Sabbath day observed by his church, "be punished by death." What a law! What a persecution! What an outrage upon civil-ization, that such proceedings should be tol-erated in any State, in the present age of enlightenment and free thought! It is a dis-grace to the fair name of America and an out-rage upon its citizens which should not be tolerated. Medimval Georgia. [From the Times-Democrat, New Orleans, La., May 23.] THE Times-Democrat has had sent to it a communication to the effect that " Mr. J. Q. Allison, of Douglasville, Ga., has been con-victed for violating the Sabbath statute of the State of Georgia," and that, in consequence, " he is now in the chain-gang." As the Times-Democrat has not learned the particulars of Mr. Allison's violation of the Sabbath, we are not in a position to compare the precise heinousness of the crime with the barbarity of the sentence. We have to say generally, however, without knowing the de-tails of the affair in Douglasville, as we said a week or two ago in reference to a similar case of religious persecution in Tennessee, that a State which retains on its statute book laws that punish an- industrious and honest man for keeping his Sabbath on the seventh day 