AND SOOT JUST/0z     040°.  214 THE AMERICAN. SENMINEL. raT.PA'rICsINTAX-.. 1161igiolls Libutll fissociation 1<41s *Ttl 4.rkTE AND THE wan roma SEPARATE1439  DELL? RRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it Is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religions and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 219 5TH ST., S. E. WASHINGTON, D. C. Ns COLLEGE PLACE CHICAGO, ILL. 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 251 W. MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, Mum. C. ELDRIDGE, - - PRESIDENT. W. A. COLCORD, - SECBZTABT. THE American Sabbath Union reports a list of thirty-six counties in the State of Ohio, in which their work has been thorŠoughly organized. THE Chief of Police of Chattanooga, Tennessee, has given his official order for the arrest of all merchants and saloon keepers doing business on Sunday. IT is stated that in Australia the Na-tional Scripture Education League is making a vigorous campaign for the res-toration of Bible teaching in the State schools. AT Centralia, and Buckley, Pierce Co., Wash., efforts are being made to pass Sunday ordinances which are in effect a revival of the old territorial law for the observance of Sunday. -ŁŁŁŁŠ A LOCAL Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union has requested the Union Sig-nal to ask members of the Union every. where to pledge themselves not to attend the Chicago Exposition if it is open on Sunday. ON a recent Sunday evening, Sunday-law meetings were held in all the churches in Spokane, Wash. Full houses are re-ported and considerable interest is evi-dently felt in the matter. As usual in church circles the arguments for a relig-ious day were disguised by a veneer of " civil Sabbath " arguments. THE Columbian Sunday Association of Chicago has sent out an " address to the weekly'press of the country,", containing about fifteen hundred words, giving the  objects of the Association and saying that it " commends especially the American Sabbath Union and its auxiliarieS, which organization is in closest co-operation with this Association. It is contemplated starting a systematic correspondence with all weekly newspapers friendly to the movement and we propose to furnish printed copy embracing from a half col-umn to a column of the freshest ' Day of Rest' matter of a varied character. . . . We shall only require that any paper willing to co-operate shall mail regularly to this office copies marked indicating matter bearing on Sunday-rest questions." Ł -*  By the order of Mr. Rockefeller, the pumps of the Standard Oil Company are not to be run on Sunday hereafter. Whether this is a combination of business policy and Sunday observanceŠto reduce the output one-seventh and keep up prices Šdoes not yet appear. AT a meeting held in Bloomington, Ill., a protest to the Sunday opening of the Exposition was passed on the ground that the infraction of the State Sunday law would set a dangerous example before foreign nations and encourage immigra-tion of law breakers and anarchists. AT the Methodist Conference, in To-ronto, June 11,' Rev. H. S. Matthews, President-elect for the ensuing year, in, his speech of acknowledgement said, they should all do their utmost to support the Sabbath observance movement. Which means, of course, to secure the enforced observance of Sunday by civil law as soon as possible. THE Independent, of Helena, Montana, in its Sunday issue of June 14, devotes half a page to the opinions of various men in regard to the way Sunday should be spent. If this were an isolated case it would' not be worthy of note ; but as one of many it shows how the secular press is taking the subject up and the interest that is manifested in its discussion. THE American Sabbath quotes Rev. Dr. Patterson, of Tacoma, Wash., as say-ing, at a recent Sunday-law meeting Do we pay a mayor and chief of police to sit by and see the law violated ? Do we pay a prosecuting attorney who says that public sentiment is against the enforcement of the law, and who blocks the carrying out of its provisions ? Let us tell him that we have one thousand grave diggers for every public officer who refuses to do his sworn duty. Ł THE following resolution was unani-mously adopted at the late General As-sembly of the Presbyterian Church, De-troit, Michigan :Š Resolved, ThAt Elliott F. Shepard, of New York; James A. Beaver, -of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,;  Byron Sunderland, D. D., of Washington, D. C. ; Herrick Johnson, D. D., S. J. McPherson, D. D., and John L. Withrow, D. D., Henry J. Willing, of Chicago ; Samuel J. Niccolls, of St. Louis, Missouri ; F. C. Montfort, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Robert J. Trumbull, of San Francisco, California; John Cam-eron, of Detroit, Michigan; William R. Worrall, of New York; Rev. W. S. Wright, of Pearsall, Texas; C. H. Glover, of Horicon, Dodge County, Wiscon-sin, be appointed as the General Assembly's Com-mittee on Sabbath Observance. IN a recent discourse upon the subject,  of Christian lawyers, Rev. E. B. Rogers, Burlington, Iowa, said Sabbath question, too, that must be settled. It is a God-ordained American institution, and we want it, and what is more, we will have it. What is the authority for the statement that God ordained Sunday as an Amer-ican institution ? It is certainly not so stated in the Bible; and if the United States should incorporate Sunday into every statute and legal document, that would not prove that God ordained it. A great effort is being made at the present time to imbue the people with the idea that Sunday is an American institution, and that we are not patriotic unless we defend it as a part of our civil and polit-ical system. If the public can be led to believe and act on this idea, it will open the gate for bigotry and intolerance to assert itself, and carry us a long way back toward the evils of a Church and State union. Ł 4ŁŁ  THE Boston Globe, of June S, has the following news item from Lynn, Massa-chusetts:Š . Although it had been expected that something definite would be done in relation to the Sabbath closing of business places yesterday, City Marshal Wells, after visiting several places to obtain an idea of the volume and nature of the trade, was as yet unprepared to take any specific action. It is stated that next week it will be determined if there is anything to be done and if so something of a definite nature will probably result. A COUNTY surveyor from the State of Arkansas, under date April 14, writes :Š I have received a copy of THE AMERICAN SENTI-NEL for several months. Have read it closely. Only wish that we had one hundred thousand papers engaged in the same cause. Would be thankful for any light in that direction. I stand opposed to religious legislation in all its forms. Wishing you succcess in your enterprise, I remaik -- .r.  A COUNTY and probate judge from the same State, in a letter dated April 12, writes:Š I have been reading THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. I am well pleased with the bold stand at has taken in defence of the American Constitution. My mind and time are both engaged in the affairs of my courts. I am opposed to the amalgamation of Church and State. I am a Baptist, and I try to look at that matter from" a scriptural standpoint. I would be pleased to read the leaflets you refer to, if you will be so kind as to send them. Ł Ł 