44 A 1V1.1ElitICA.N VOL. 11, No. 6. shows no faith in Christ, and should not be followed. He who would exercise faith in Christ must stand against the world and overcome it. Its applause is not sought after. Like the Master, the man of faith can wait for the glory that is to be revealed by and by. Join not the majority, but follow Christ and have faith in his word, which is faith in him. Battle Creek, Mich. NATIONAL REFORM INCONSISTENCY. THE Christian Statesman, which is a most persistent champion of legislation for the en-forcement of Sunday observance, is out in its issue of January 11, with severe strictures on Romanism. It quotes from other sources, and charges that " Pope Leo is at one time saying white,' and at another black.' It is the same Jesuitical policy in Europe as in America," etc. Now our chief objection to this language on the part of the Statesman is its inconsistency. One cardinal principle of the Roman Catholic church is the union of Church and State. Our ever watchful con-temporary, the Statesman, adopts the Catho-lic's Sunday as the sabbath, rejects the only Sabbath of divine appointment, and then unites with the Roman Catholics in an attempt to enforce its observance through religious legis-lation which commits the government to this Catholic measure. This appears to us like decidedly crafty scheming in a line that is well pleasing to the very body against which the Statesman professes so much hostility. Pilot and Herod were once made friends for a very unworthy purpose. Can the Statesman see any parallel in that, and its own coalition with the " Jesuitical policy " of those whom it one day courts and the next day curses ?ŠSabbath Recorder. CHRIST'S SUMMARY OF THE LAW. CHRIST'S summary of the ten command-ments does not indicate his indifference to the Sabbath. In that summary he brings out the highest reason why men should keep these commandments.. Whoso loves God with all his heart will keep all the first table of the Decalogue, including the fourth; whoso loves his neighbor as himself, will keep all those commandments which regulate the relations between men. Laws are itensified rather than abrogated by being thus summarized, and lifted from the low ground of slavish obe-dience to the high lands of delightful service through love. In this connection we must note a position which has been assumed by some. It is this: " God blesses his people in their worship on Sunday, and blesses the preaching of his Word on that day, therefore Sunday keeping is right." This claim is both weak and decep-tive. God does not rebuke error nor punish disobedience petulantly, nor by immediate judgments. He sendeth rain and sunshine on the evil and the good, the just and the unjust, alike. The Word goes on its mission with the power of truth, whenever or however pro-claimed. Those who preach the word faith- fully on Wednesday find it blessed as much as on Sunday. Neither does God refuse to bless devout worship even 'though it be mingled with much of error. A sordid ritualistic view of the Sabbath, or Sunday, or any other day, is on a level with the Jewish formalism which Christ condemned. Mormonism and Communism both shout their theories to crowds on Sunday, and their theories are  received, and they increase, to the shame and peril of the land. Is it therefore right for them to thus observe Sunday ? Sunday as a day of leisure is the harvest day of the rumseller. Is it, therefore, right for him to thus devote Sunday ? Financially, he is greatly blessed on every Sunday; so are Sun-day newspapers and Sunday trains. Men could not resort to such pleas in support of Sunday if they were not conscious that the claims of the Sabbath cannot be fairly answered. These good brethren dodge the issue because they cannot meet it.ŠA. H. Lewis, D. D. DR. HAEGLER'S CHART. Ix our issue of last week brief allusion was made to the singular fact(?), overlooked by the physicians and scientists, but discovered by the clergymen, that Sunday rest is abso-lutely essential to mankind for the preserva-tion of physical. health. There is, however, one exception to the rule, which should be noted. One physician, Dr. A. Haegler, stands abreast of the clergy in knowledge of the facts of physical science, and has prepared a "chart," showing the result to an individual of the omission of Sun-day rest, as compared with the result when Sunday is regularly observed. We present herewith this remarkable prodtiction.* It WITH THE. SEVENTH ()AV ROSY will be observed that the person who disre-gards Sunday rest goes steadily down hill, physically, until, as may be supposed, he sinks, a complete bodily wreck, into the gulf of physical perdition; while the one who has regularly abstained from work on Sunday nat-urally and easily maintains the level of his physical health. As an illustration of an idea, this chart serves its purpose well. The only trouble is, it must stand without any support in truth. The "facts" of the illustration do not exist. An illustration is not an argument. The one conveys an idea, the other demonstrates its truth or falsity. The demonstration of the truth of what this chart represents is yet to be had. An appeal to the facts of history or of pres-ent human existence is sufficient to show the utter fallacy of this illustration. The num-ber of people in this world who have regularly observed Sunday as a day of rest, or who so observe it to-day, is comparatively small. The weekly rest-day is found only in those lands where the people profess Christianity. In what are known as " heathen" lands,' it is not observed. Nor has it ever been known as a practice among the heathen nations of past times. Yet, in point of physical perfec-tion, the heathen compare favorably with the people of so-called Christian nations. The physical giants of ancient times were not * From "Practical Christian Sociology," Funk & Wagnalls Co., N. Y. By permission. among the Sabbath-keeping Israelites, but among the heathen nations whom God dispos-sessed of the land which he would give to his people. There were men such as Goliath of Gath, Og, king of Bashan, and the Anakim, of whom the ten spies said in their report, " We were in their sight as grasshoppers." Coming to the testimony of later times, we find that the ancient Greeks were the most noted men of their age in point of physical perfection and prowess; yet they had no weekly day of rest. Nor did the conquering Romans know such an institution. And for our own times we have such testimony as the following from Bishop Andrews, of the Methodist Church, on his return from China:Š In China they have no septennial division of time, no weekly rest-day, merely annual festivals. They work right along all the time with no day of rest as such; yet they live to a very advanced age. This fact has led one of the most careful thinkers who has ever been sent as a missionary to China, to raise a serious question whether the great purpose of the Sabbath is not for worship and communion with the other world. But it is not necessary that we go to pagan lands for these comparisons. Multitudes of people in our own country either spend Sun-day in work or in some other manner requir-ing as much physical exertion as their ordi-dinary labor. But it is safe to assert that Dr. Haegler himself could not distinguish between these men and others who regularly rest and go to church on Sunday, by any evi- dence to be gathered from a physical ex-amination. The truth is, that it is not mere restŠ idlenessŠthat man's physical system de-mands, but changeŠrecreation. We ex-cept, of course, the daily demand for that nearly complete cessation of physical ac-tivity which is obtained in sleep. No one, however, advocates spending the Sunday in sleep. It is assumed that men are to be on that day in the full possession of their physical and mental activities; other-wise what would become of the church services? But when these faculties are fully awake they want exercise. This is a law of man's being. An all-wise Creator has wisely made activity the normal condition of the human system. Mere idleness without sleep is more exhaustive of nerve force and vitality, than is exercise. In these statements we are only telling what is well known to intelligent people. It is not work that wears, but worry; not exercise that breaks down the system, but excess; not discipline that destroys its facul-ties, but dissipation. A thousand and one causes operate in determining the individual's physical status. Intemperance, inherited de-fects, uncontrolled passion, the cares and worries of life, too prolonged or violent exer-tion, weakness and excess of every kind and degree, affect our physical well-being. Yet Dr. Haegler in his chart presumes to differ-entiate between all these causes, not in one case merely but for all individuals, and dis-tinguish the physical effect due to the ob-servance or non-observance of a weekly rest day! We might refer to the Sabbath institution as set forth in God's holy Word, and show that it is designed by the Creator not as a day of idleness, but of activity in spiritual exercises; but the purposes of this article do not require it. It is sufficient to say, in conclusion, that the clergymen who are calling for "laws" to compel people to "rest" on Sunday, both ignore Dr. Haegler's chart in their own practiceŠSunday being pre-eminently their "busy day"Šand also in their hopes and 