AMERICAN SENTINEL. 51 "But no religious despotism can ever'be established over a free people. It wereliterally impossible to estab-lish a religious despotism over the royal freemen who made the Declaration of Independence and the American Constitution. "This gradual but steady perversion and subversion of the genuine principles of this Government as estab-lished by our forefathers, this steady inculcation of the principles of paternalism, is but sowing the seeds of a despotismŠwhether of the many, of the few, or of one, it matters notŠwhich at the opportune moment will be joined by the political preachers; and out of the wicked alliance thus formed, there will come the religious des-potism in the perfect likeness of the one which was before, and against which the continuous efforts of the AMERICAN SENTINEL have ever been, and ever shall be directed. "And that is the reason, and the only reason, yet reason enough, why the AMERICAN SENTINEL, a religious paper, touches this otherwise political question. . . . "It may be that our correspondents will not agree with us just now; but that matters nothing to us. Five years ago [1886] when the SENTINEL first called attention to the movement to establish a religious despotism, we were criticised and pooh-poohed for that, more than we are now for calling attention to this surest forerunner of it. But the SENTINEL knew then just what it Was doing; and it knows now just what it is doing, just as well as it did then. Those who objected then, know now that we were right then; and those who object now may know some time that we were right now: and we shall have known it all the time. . . . "And we are perfectly willing to trust to the event to demonstrate that the coming religious despotism will be established substantially in the manner here outlined." And now 1899 and 1900, this which in June,1891,we said would comeŠa one-man powerŠis coming as fast as the days go by. That which in June, 1891, we were willing to trust to the event to demonstrate, is now January, 1900, being constantly demonstrated before the eyes of the whole world by the steady progress of events. And in all this there is also demonstrated the truth that the AMERICAN SENTINEL occupies exactly the same position that it has always occupied, and speaks precisely the same things that it has always spoken, when it opposes the abandonment of the Constitution and the repudiation of the Declaration of Independence which are the acknowledged, and even the boasted, accompaniments of this expansion and imperialism of this nation. A. T. J. DISPATCHES from Manilla dated January 18, state that "the religious question is overshadowing the in-surrection." The "religious question" is the question whether or not the Filipinos are to be relieved of the intolerable burden of the Catholic friars. The people gear that, as it is evidently the purpose of the United States to leave the Catholic interests in the islands un-disturbed, the abuses from which they have suffered  under the domination of the orders of friars are to be continued. General Otis has informed them that the friars will not be forced on them if against their wish, and Archbishop Chapelle, the Catholic overseer appointed by the pope and the President, has said that he, would not attempt to force the friars on the people if they did not desire the friars to fill the curacies. We do not see the use of the small word "if" in these assurances. That the Filipinos do not want anything at all to do with the friars, has been made too plain for any possible question. Position of the N. W. C. T. U. Regarding Sunday Laws. BY indisputable facts and records, we have shown to some extent the character of "the usual exemption" with respect to Sunday laws, "for those who keep the Sabbath day," which by resolution and otherwise Is fa-vored by the N. W. C. T. U. Now it must be remembered that this resolution favoring that "usual exemption" was adopted by the Union at the late national convention at Seattle as a substitute for a resolution that was already before the convention; and "as involving all necessary points, and omitting the objectionable ones," in the original reso-lution. Understanding the real character and effect of "the usual exemption," which they favor, and that this "covers all necessary points," and avoids all "objection-able ones," in :the original resolution, it is of especial interest to study the original resolution that was before the convention, to know what are the objectionable points in it. And here is that original resolution:Š "Resolved, That as a National Woman's Christian Temperance Union we protest against any such inter-pretation or use of any lines of our work as shall give aid or comfort to those who, through ignorance, preju-dice, or malice, would enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purpose of pursecution, or to in any manner interfere with the most perfect liberty of conscience concerning days, or the manner of their ob-servance." Now we ask every soul to look carefully through that resolution, word by word and clause by clause. Please consider it in all its bearings from beginning to end. And when you have thoroughly weighed and con-sidered it, then reflect, and weigh also the fact, that the N. W. C. T. U., in convention assembled, found in that resolution objectionable points to such an extent that it was actually set aside for a substitute involving such points as are characteristic of "the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day." According to the situation as it stands, the N. W. C. T. U. has taken the position that it is an objectionable 