684 THE SENTIIIEL OF LIBERTY. holes, the' registry for lewd women, and:prisons. On asking how many Baptists there were among the frequent,ers -and denizens of, those pladeS, with laughter and surprise, the answer always was: " BaP--tists here, dear sir?: There are no Baptists here! This is no place for them:" 'In the crowds frequent-ing the low dives they told him if he thought them.  Baptists they could' show him their certificates en-. titling them tO the Lord's.supper in the state church. Mr. WaldenStrorn's letter," remarks the Canadian Baptist," has pulverized the archbishop's charges, and has revealed the corrupt condition of the state church," THE Catholic Standard and Times says: " There Were no embitterments between Catholics and non-Catholics until they were begun by Luther iii the period which followed the Middle AgesŠthe 'Re- naissance." Very true, and that for the reason thalt, as the same paper says, " there were - no non-Catholics." Until the Reformation all Christendorin was Catholic. Rome had for centuries kept it' so by making it ex-ceedingly unsafe to be anything else. True, there -arose in the twelfth century the Waldenses and the Albigenses. Early in the, fifteenth century Huss and Jerome dared to dissent from the doctrineS-  of Rome, and just before the 'close of that century Savonarola gave his life for his faith; but until the " little monk of Wittenberg" led Germany out of the church of Rome alm,ot bodily there were,, in a sense, within the bounds of:ChriStendom, no "non-CathOlics. However much individuals or-communi ties may have desired to be non-Catholic in religion,  Rome"never; ,recognied,  them as outside her fold. They were at most " erring children," to be disci-plined and subdued by any means necessary. It is in view of this:that the Catholic Standard and 'Times says: " If there were any nonCatholics in those ages Capable of doing anything inimical to the established Christian religion, after the downfall of Arianism, then surely we are behind in that grand march of progress to which' he so strikingly refers, since we  the naked eye, then surely they might be allowed to repose in, the quiet of inconceivability." And why does the Standard and Times talk in this vein?. Simply because a Catholic priest has been reminding his coreligionists of some of the history of the Middle Ages, and contrasting that period with the present era of equal rights for Catholic and Protestant. It is to make the contrast less sharp that resort is had to the subterfuge that " there were no non-Catholics." There were none only because Rome suffered them not to continue. A NEW JERSEY PREACHER AND THE MAINE.  LIQUOR LAW. THE story is told by the daily press of the coun-', try, of a New Jersey preacher who, desiring to know the.real truth concerning the practical workings of Ł the Maine liquor law, recently visited that State dis-guised as "an up-to-date man of the world." The story is as follows: The Rev. J. Ward Gamble, pastor of the First Methodist Episcopal Church of Vineland, N. J., has just returned home and resumed the -charge of his large congregation, after having successfully acl. complished one of the most remarkable,, undertak-ings ever devised and executed-by a Clergyman. Disguised as an up-to-date man of the world, with swell outing suit, white duck trousers, radiant shirt waist of varied hues, and Łlight russet shoes, he left Vineland about ten days ago, with. the purpose of going to Maine to gather "data 'concerning the celebrateddaW of the Pine Tree State which forbids, the sale of intoxicants within, its borders. Dr. Gam-ble adopted This disguise to more easily and effec-. .tually'collect the information Which he desired con-cerning the law in question. " I am really glad I Łmade the journey, as I— fully satisfied myself that the celebrated Maine prohibi-tion law is a farce," said Dr. Gamble on his return. " For years conflicting reports haVe come from Maine as to the enforcement of the liquor law, some stating, that the law was fully enforced, others de-nying it. 'Bribes LesS than' Licenses. " Finally I became interested in the subject and I made up my mind ,that I wanted' to see how the know not of these things.' law was working. There was but one way to ac- "The rightS of non-Catholics in the Middle Ages cOtriplish this purposeŠby a personal visit to Maine. are entitled to some respect, if the rights of real  Of course, I realized the fact that if I went as a Catholics in this one be deserving of little considera- minister of the gospel I would return without the tion. If the former did not exist, for the plain rea- 'desired data: Consequently I determined upon my son that there were no non-Catholics perceptible to disguise, which worked like' a charm, as I was en-, 