374 ALMER.IC.'A.N -SENTINEL. - years of its constitutional existence the American Nation has grown false to its inheritance, if there is any danger that this bulwark of our liberties be overthrown (and the very fo-undation of a society of this kind is proof of the existence of this danger), then can we none too strongly by word of mouth and of pen, and by active interference protest against it, for it is the mission of the American Republic the duty it owes to itself and to the world, to the present and the future, to realize the fullest demands of liberty, and among the very first of these demands is the erection of a separating wall between Church and State in all their departments, as is so well set forth in the platform of thiS society. But you will pardon Hille if before I discuss the 'bearings of this sub-ject in the present, I ask you to transport yourselves with, me to the closing half of the last century, for then it was that the spirit of liberty awoke, and the begin-nings which resulted in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of this country were laid in thought. If we look to England we find* the speeches of Burke, Fox, and Chatham, full of statements asserting the rights of man and emphasizing the necessity of separating religion from civil govern-ment; if we look to France, there are the writings of the Encyclopediac philoso-phers, of Diderot and Rousseau, there are the speeches of Mirabeau, the leaders of thought who were largely instrumental in hastening the coming of the cataclysm, the French Revolution, which marks the commencement of a new era in European history; the writings of these Frenchmen also largely influenced the minds of the founders of this Government. If we look to Germany, there was Kant in philoso-phy, whose reasonings inaugurated a new philosophical regime; there was Schiller, the literary apostle of freedom; there was Lessing, the noble and pure, who, in his beautiful drama, Nathan the Wise, preached the strongest sermon on relig-ious toleration that the world had yet heard. It was a remarkable period; men were throwing off the influences of old tradi-tions; there was a wondrous activity of thought everywhere, a restiveness as though men were conscious of a vast im-pending change; the weight of ecclesias-tical authority had rested most heavily upon mankind; there had been no such thing thought of as the separation of Church and State until this time; and even now, though many a voice was heard, yet few dwelt distinctly upon the proper province of each, and I wish to bring to your notice this morning one of these forgotten advocates of the principle that forms the basis of this Union. I refer to the German Jewish philoso-pher, Moses Mendelssohn, who died in the year 1784. The Jews had no rights what-ever in the Germany of that day --no  rights as citizens, no rights as men. I will not dwell upon their condition, the same in Germany as all Europe; for the treatment of the Jews by men and gov-ernments forms one of the blackest pages in the history of the world. In spite of all the disadvantages to which he was subject, Mendelssohn rose to a very high position in. the world of thought. He contested successfully with Kant, Germany's greatest philosopher, Ł for the prize offered by the Berlin Acad-emy of Sciences for the best philosophical treatise; he wrote the Phaedon, modeling it after Plato's work of the same name and treating the same subject, the immor-tality of the soul; his nature was so pure, his disposition so gentle, that he was called the German Socrates ; his style and diction were so clear that Kant wrote that Men-delssohn's style seemed to him more fitting than any other to convey philosophical ideas clearly.. One of the last books that he wrote he called "Jerusalem," and in the first part of this book he discusses the relation between Church and State. . . . The following sentences are extracts from Mendelssohn's treatise: " One of the, greatest problems of politics is to determine the proper relation between Church and State, between civil and re-ligious rights, so that they may not en-croach upon one another nor become bur-dens of our social life, encumbering it with greater difficulties than attach to it naturally." " Church and State both have the mission to further human hap-piness, each in its own way." " Neither Church nor State has any right to prevent any man from enjoying the free exercise of his opinions." " The State has no right to appoint men to teach and enforce cer-tain special religious opinions. Its duty in this respect consists only in. appointing teachers who shall instruct the children in wisdom and virtue, and who shall spread such useful truths as the happiness of human, society depend upon." " The State has nothing to do with opinions which any ruling or any subjected church or synagogue accepts or rejects; it has only to be mindful that no doctrines be spread which are subversive of the public weal; it must be watchful only of the observance of these principles in which all agree, without the realization of which in the life of the people happiness would be only a dream and virtue itself no longer virtue. Naturally the State has no right to exclude any,  person from the enjoyment of political right on account of his relig-ion, because, properly speaking, if each will cultivate its own premises there can never be any collision between Church and State. Neither Church nor State has any right to arrogate to itself in matters of belief any further right than the right to teach, any further power than the power to convince, any further weapon than the weapon of reason." All these sentences which I have quoted  are commonplaces now. . . . But we must not forget that these thoughts were expressed over one hundred years ago, and that in Germany, at least, the Jew, Mendels-Bohn was the first who raised his voice calling for the separation of Church and State. He felt and knew of how much un-happiness and misery, of how much war and bloodshed, of how much intolerance and fanaticism, this unholy alliance had been the cause, and in the name of pure reason and clear philosophical insight he pro-tested against it; and it was because of this protest, uttered in this little work, that Mirabeau, the French intellectual giant, who lived and died for man's free-dom, declared that this book, " 'Jerusalem,' deserved to be trafislated into every language of Europe." That book was written over a century ago, in the days of Washington and Jeffer-son, of Franklin and Madison, the same thoughts were agitating men in entirely different quarters of the globe. Has the world made. as great progress as it should since that time ? Have men  become thoroughly and perfectly imbued with the idea that Church and State have each their own proper work ? To those who observe and think, a backward movement is apparent in this our own day. Attempts have been made time and again t9 foist religion upon the Constitution, and al-though I am a minister of religion I shall always raise my voice in , warning against any such attempt, for the world has never known any greater curse than this intermeddling of the Church in the affairs of the State. For centuries men labored beneath this Atlas-load, and now that at last, in this country, at least, the laboring giant, man, has succeeded in throwing it off from his shoulders, who dare move one step toward placing it there again ? This nation has, I believe, reached its present point of pros-perity because it has kept these two depart-ments distinctly separate. We have rested in the calm security that the liberties we have gained in this respect can never be wrested from us. Perhaps we have been too confident; perhaps we have not been wide enough awake to the attempts of so-called religionists in Washington and, elsewhere. (Concluded next week.) To legislate for the promotion of the religious observance of any day as a Sab-bath, is contrary to the' Bible, to the Con-stitution of a free country and the rights of conscience.ŠSabbath Recorder. WHOSOEVER is afraid of submitting any question, civil or religious, to the test of free discussion, is more in love with his own opinion than with truth.ŠBishop Watson. 