234 AMERICAN SENTINEL. mission to "purify" and "elevate" our polities every-where, national, State, and municipal. The practical difficulties in the way of this new movement" are fully as great as those which bar the road to success against all similar enterprisesŠindeed, there are more " discrep-ancies" about its proposed work than there are about that of any of its prototypes. The first question is, of course, how are these "good people" to be selected who are to represent all other "good people" in the proposed organizing conventions? Are the delegates to be chosen by local conventions composed exclusively of good peo-ple," or are certain "good people" in each locality to elect themselves as delegates, and appear with no cre-dentials but their virtue? When the great convention assembles, who is to determine whether each delegate is duly accredited and entitled to a seat and a vote during the deliberations, or otherwise? Suppose some resolu-tion or declaration of principles is brought forward, and two gentlemen differ radically regarding its meritsŠare they both " good people," or is one of them proven to be good and the other bad by the disagreement? When the final vote on the "platform" is taken, is the will of the majority to be understood as embodying all true goodness, and must the minority acquiesce therein, and govern themselves accordingly, under penalty of being cast into outer darkness, beyond the pale of good citi-zenship ? THE fact is that this "call" for a "Good Citizenship League," is only more palpably ridiculous and vain than like efforts to do the work of goodness by meetings and organizations; it is, at bottom, not one whit more un-sound in its impelling principle than the rest of them. One and all, these "movements" are based on a false conception of the nature of righteousness, and of the one and only means of its attainment. Righteousness con-sists in doing right; not in assembling together to talk about it; not in "organizing" for the purpose of cen-tralizing force in order to have others compelled to do it; not in appointing "committees" on this thing or that; not in the fuss and feathers of "Departments Of Reform." The doing of all these things, whereunto the much abused monosyllable " work " is so fondly applied, is not righteousness. Nay, even the real object of them all is not doing right ourselves, but having others made to do what we think right.. Grant that persuasion is sometimes contemplated, as well as force, the folly of the whole business is none the less, for men were never yet purified or elevated in the mass either by persuasion or force. Tats is to say nothing against the gratification of that great and fundamental demand of every human soul that feels the contact of another worldŠthe assem-bling together at certain seasons to pray and praise. Nor is it to decry the wholesome, cheering, comforting or warming sermons of clergymen whom we know and love,  and are spiritually helped by hearing. All these things address themselves to the individual soul. They answer to its needs. And the Church, being an organization, must have stated meetings of its officers to direct its affairs harmoniquslyŠbut this is the only purpose for which such meetings may legitimately be held. IT has been said that persuasion is a method some-times adopted by the innumerable "Societies for Setting Others Straight " with which our country is at present infested. It is plain enough that this cannot be their main object. Indeed, it can never be more than a mere incident. For organizations and officers and "depart-ments" have nothing to do with persuasion, nor has persuasion anything to do with them. The only con-ceivable purpose for which organization can be adopted and carried on is the concentration and application of force. Thus political parties organizeŠwhy? Simply because their object is the guidance of legislation along certain lines, the passage and enforcement of certain laws Šin other words, their purpose is to bring the will of the minority into subjection to the will of the majority, and to keep it there by the exercise of the "police power." It is nothing to the purpose that they seek first by per-suasion to win the majority to their side. Their vital and essential object remains the same. The very origin of their being, the sole reason for their existence is still, in the ultimate analysis, the exertion of force to con-strain people to a certain behavior; irrespective of indi-vidual belief or desire. ALL "Societies for Setting Others Straight" are po-litical organizations, and nothing more or less. Their conventions are party conventions. Their true object is to influence legislation, and so to use the force of the community to make others go their way. The "Cigar-ette Department" of the W. C. T. U. is not established to persuade men to give up the use of tobacco in a certain form ; it is established in order to secure the passage of anti-cigarette laws. The "Department of Sunday Ob_ servance " is not established for the purpose of persuad-ing men to be idle or go to church on Sunday, but for the purpose of looking after the passage and enforcement of Sunday laws; and so on. In every city, town and hamlet, the members of these societies may use the per-suasion of gracious words, the far better and more effective persuasion of clean, honest, upright lives, over all with whom they may come in contact. For this they need no monster conventions, no reports of committees, no speech-making, no platform, no "pointing with pride," or "viewing with alarm." But they must come together in great masses, and have their chatter printed by the column in the great dailies, and they must hold elections, and caucus, and report and amend and recom-mit with instructions, and all the rest of it, if they are to impress legislatures, and "the powers that be," and as- 