AMERICAN SENTINEL. 103 The fact is, human passions, when once aroused, know no religion. The fanatical Mohammedan who can, as a poet has expressed it, " Pause and kneel unshod, In the fresh blood his hand bath poured, To mutter oe'r some text of God Engraven on his reeking sword"Š has the same kind of religion that the inquisitors of Rome had, the same religion that the Duke of Alva and bloody ClaverhousehadŠthe religion of a debased human nature, inflamed, to be sure, with, religious prejudices. And when an American citizen, like a man trying to shoot a partridge, creeps around on Sunday, to descry some one setting out tomato plants, or husking corn, that he may have him arrested, fined, and imprisoned, he has enough of this same religion of human nature easily t o justify one in placing him in the same class. This religion of human nature is widespread. It may hide under some other nameŠeven the name of ChristianityŠbut it is al-ways the same and is very easily detected. Sunday Laws and the Judiciary. TO SUSTAIN SUNDAY LAWS REQUIRES A NON-JUDICIAL FRAME OF MIND IN THE JUDGES. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. THE judicial frame of mind requires that a judge in ruling on the constitutionality of a statute shall be governed by the constitution alone, without the slightest reference to the wishes of the people as expressed other-wise than through that instrument. The people may change the instrument as their will may change; the judge must follow the will as therein laid down. But judges are human, and, like other men, are under the influence of the Zeitgeist, or what appears to them to be such. And the Brownist religious senti-ment has been so strenuously busying itself with this question ever since it obtained a foothold here that the Zeitgeist in America has seemed to set against any fair discussion whatever of Sunday laws. Many persons desire the maintenance of these laws at any cost in the way of suppression or perversion of their fair consideration. And, while the balloting on such questions as Sunday street-cars, etc., has more than once indicated that in an American community of any considerable size, the "Sunday-law-at-any-price" men (whatever may be the case with the women) are a minor-ity of the total population, they are a very large major-ity of the "fussy," aggressive, meddlesome folk; they make a noise in the world out of all proportion to their real numbers and importance; and so they are too often mistaken for real representatives of the Zeit-geist. It is also true that among the supporters of Sunday laws are included many of their systematic violators, who are quite sincerely persuaded that they are neces-sary for other people. But, while it is true that the noise  made by the Brownist Sunday-law advocates is out of all proportion to their numbers and importance (it is an old story, " The shallows murmur while the deeps are dumb"), nevertheless, as was said, this noise has its ef-fect, and part of its effect on the minds of our judges is to produce the impression that an overwhelming ma-jority of the people want the Sunday law sustained at any price. And our judges, being human, are thus biased in advance on this question, and caused to hunt up rea-sons whereby the Sunday law may be sustained, instead of examining its position under the constitution without any bias toward one conclusion <=rather than another. They are acting by their light as servants of the people, trying to do their will. But they forget that for them the will of the people is not to be gotten from Brownist pulpits nor Brownist newspapers, but from the constitu-tion alone. And they are, therefore, in a non-judicial frame of mind. Another effect of Brownism on judges as well as leg-islators is, by associating the Sunday law with a sup-posed special command of Deity, to throw around it a peculiar halo of sanctity, which prevents its calm and critical examination, like other statutes, upon its merits as a statute exclusively. It is like that old subject of secession which senators and representatives for so many years tacitly agreed should not be mentioned in the halls of Congress, though they "talked all around it," and the people and papers outside openly debated it in every aspect. There is about the idea of "our American Sun-day" something of that "sacredness" that certain states-men used to ascribe to "the Union." To impeach the eternal verity of the Sunday law or question its expedi-ency is to "touch the Lord's anointed." It is evident that no judicial consideration of a statute is to be ex-pected of a judge who approaches the subject in such a frame of mind as this. The result of so approaching the consideration of a statute is fatally to blind the judge both with reference to the position and functions of the legislature and with reference to his -own position and functions. He comes to look upon the legislature as in k ome sort the mouth-piece of Deity, and, of course, this renders the expression of its will sacred, and inquiry into the authority of its deliverances rather in the nature of blasphemy or heresy. But this inquiry is one of the chief purposes of his official existence. For him the legislature has properly no con-nection with Deity. It is simply a part of a machine con-structed by human agency for human purposes, and his business is to see to it that the part does not go beyond the purposes for which it was placed in the machine of government. And these purposes are defined and limited by the constitution. When the question of the constitutionality of a stat - ute is at issue, the judicial frame of mind requires that that question shall be settled by the constitution alone. It no- more admits of any deference to a command of Deity, real or supposed, than it admits of deference to a change in the minds of the people, real or supposed, sub- 