154 SIENTrIPINEJ-4., Vol,. 10, No. 20. over every individual within its jurisdiction, over every institution that its subjects may establish within its territory, and over every commodity that exists within its territory." * In short, the State, like the king, "can do no wrong." SUCH a theory is utterly destructive of both civil and religious liberty. It destroys all in-dividual liberty and makes every man a slave. Yea more, it puts the State in the place of God and makes every man who accepts it a veritable pagan; and that whether he realizes it or not, for no man can accept this theory of government and say with the apostles: "We ought to obey God rather than men." For this reason the AMERICAN SENTINEL protests against the doctrine as un-American and unchristian. PROTESTANTS PETITION SATOLLI. A FEW weeks since, " Father" Phelan, ed-itor of the Western Watchman, published some shamefully untrue things about Christian En-deavor conventions. These false charges, how-ever, could not harm Christian Endeavorers; bu t since they were made, Christian Endeavorers have themselves said and done things that are harming them. The proper thing for them to have done is thus stated by Christ Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and per-secute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceed-ing glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so perSecuted they the prophets which were before you. Matt. 5:11, 12. But instead of following the counsel of Christ and being " exceeding glad," the Chris-tian Endeavorers became " exceeding mad," and one of their spokesmen is reported as saying, in an address entitled, " Father Phelan's base attack upon the young people of America ":Š Judas Iscariot was a gentleman compared with this shameless priest. I wouldn't be surprised if Mr. Iscar-iot would decline to recognize him below. Father confessor ! God pitythe poor girl that should ever be so silly as to whisper her secrets in such a swine's ears. Retraction is no remedy. Swift and adequate pun-ishment alone will reach the case, and if it does not soon follow, the whole Romish Church authorities will be held responsible. But the Christian Endeavorers did not stop with rendering railing for railing, cursing for cursing, but have, astonishing to relate, peti-tioned Mgr. Satolli to curse " Father " Phelan also. The following is a copy of this re- markable document:Š To His Reverence, Mgr. Satolli, Roman Catholic Uni-versity, Washington, D. C.:Š We, the undersigned Christian-Endeavorers of As-bury Park, N. J., respectfully call your attention to the wicked, false, and slanderous statements published by Father Phelan, one of your priests in St. Louis. This base and inexcusable assault is made upon more than three millions of pious, earnest, godly, and irre-proachable young Christians in America. It is unpar-alleled in its baseness and enormity, and should con-sign its author to everlasting infamy and contempt. We therefore ask that the creature from which it ema-nated be degraded, unfrocked, and deposed from the high position which he has so recklessly disgraced. We are encouraged to make this petition from the many protestations which you, as well as the Holy See which you ably represent, have recently fully and earnestly made, with full confidence that you will give it immediate and careful consideration. We had not read five lines of this docu-ment before we predicted that this tacit ac-knowledgment of Satolli, as a representative of *" The Sphere of the State," Professor Hoffman, Union Col-lege, 1895. the " Holy See " to which-  not only Roman -Catholics may appeal, but to which Protes-tants also may petition for redress of grievances, would be pointed to by Roman Catholics as a recognition of papal authority. In this pre-diction we were right. The first to call attention to it was " Father " Phelan himself, who says:Š The preachers some time ago were shouting to Mgr. Satolli from the Atlantic to the Pacific- to get out of the country ; not to stand upon the order of his going, but go at once. Now they are on their knees to him to stay just long enough to cut our head off IŠThe Western Watchman, May 2. The Northwestern Chronicle, of May 3, Archbishop Ireland's official organ, 'regards the matter in much the same light. It says, after condemning " Father " Phelan's utter-ances:Š 'Another thing is also observable in connection with the affair, and that is that the attacked parties them-selves are glad to appeal to Archbishop Satolli for re-dress, which will unquestionably be given if it is in his power. So an apostolic delegate, even if he is an " eyetalian," is not so bad a thing after all. It was this appealing for redress of griev-ances that laid the foundation of the papacy which banished religious freedom from the earth. The disputing bishops appealed to the Bishop of Rome to decide their disputes. Later the Bishop of Rome claimed the prerog-ative to decide such questions, and later still pointed to the appeals to him as an acknowl-edgment of his authority. Rome always en-courages such appeals and then never forgets them when made. An illustration of this is seen in the controversy between the Roman Catholic Church and the Anglican- Church. Every petition from the bishops of England to the Bishop of Rome is now used to show that the Church in England once recognized the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome, and that her failure to do so now is an evidence of apostasy. Protestants, if you are not prepared to ac- cept popery from A to Z, then don't petition the papal delegate. " ARROGANT CONTRARINESS." THE Hartville (Mo.) Press, of April 25, con-tained this heartless editorial reference to the recent imprisonment of Seventh-day Advent-ists at Dayton, Tenn.:Š Eight Seventh-day Adventists are imprisoned at Dayton, Tenn., for laboring on Sunday. This is right. When people become so they won't be governed by the laws of their State they ought to migrate or at least be punished for their arrant contrariness. Fidelity to principle has always been regarded by the persecutor as " arrant contrariness." Especially was this true of the early persecu-tion of the Christians by the pagans. Pliny, the pagan governor of the Province of Bithynia, writes thus to the Emperor Trajan regarding the former's attitude toward the Christians :Š I have taken this course about those who have been brought before me as Christians. I asked them whether they were Christians or not. If they con-fessed that they were Christians, I asked them again, and a third time, intermixing threatenings with the questions. If they persevered in their confessions, I ordered them to be executed; for I did not doubt but, let their confessions be of any sort whatever, this positiveness and inflexible obstinacy deserved to be pun-ished. If the -editor of the Hartville Press were called upon to obey a law in conflict with his conscience, we have that respect for him to believe that he would refuse to violate his conscience even in the face of the charge of " arrant contrariness." THE BILL OF RIGHTS. [Prom the Dayton (Tenn.), Republican, April 26.] SINCE the cases of the Graysville Adventists have come- before the courts, the Republican has had a good deal to say about this Christian organization, and the prosecution they have suffered because of their consistent adherence to the biblical command to keep the seventh day of the week, or Saturday, as the day of physical rest and spiritual exaltation. There are those in this community who differ with us as to the rights and privileges these people are entitled to in their belief before the civil law of the State. They deny that the law persecutes them when they are arrested, fined and imprisoned for working on Sunday, or the first day of the week. Their arguments are all of one color. They say the' law does not restrain or prohibit the Advent-ists in observing Saturday as the day of rest and religious worship, and that it only oper-ates against them when they fail to observe Sunday also; and they base this argument on the plea that the minority must conform to the usages and customs of the majority. In reply to this the Adventists claim that in matters of spiritual belief one man is as much entitled to his opinion as ten thousand who hold a contrary opinion, and that this is plainly recognized and set forth in the State constitution. Upon this they rest their claim. Of course if this is denied and legerdemain and juggling of words is used to twist and distort the plain meaning and intent of the constitution, then indeed there is no use in making any sort of argument in the case. Article 3 of the Bill of Rights of the State constitution says:Š No human law can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and no prefer-ence shall ever be given by law to any religious estab-lishment or mode of worship. The Adventists' " mode of worship " is to observe Saturday as the Sabbath; this the law does not interfere with. The " mode of wor-ship" of the majority of the Christians of the State is to observe Sunday as the Sabbath; this the law has legalized and thereby has given preference to this "religious establish-ment or mode of worship," in direct violation of the constitution; and this same law requires the seventh-day observers to keep ,Sunday, or the first day, also, thereby robbing them of one-sixth of the time they are naturally en-titled to. The Adventists observe fifty-two Saturdays in the year as the Sabbath; this they believe is solemnly enjoined upon them in God's Word; the law of the State, that is to say, a legislative enactment, requires them to also observe fifty-two Sundays; this makes one hundred and four days of rest, half of it enforced. They are ground between the upper and nether millstonesŠGod's command and the State's command. As between the two they obey God's mandate, believing that it is higher than man's law; that it is, in fact, the fundamental law of the universe, and that its violation will be punished with death everlasting. With them it is a solemn choice as to the conscientious discharge of their duty. It is not because they love Cwsar less, but Rome more. They claim that the divine command to labor six days in the week is justŁ as mandatory as the injunction to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. For this the Adventists are called fanatics, and it has been said that they delight to pose as martyrs. We do not believe this. It is certainly no light matter for these people to undergo these persecutions; and when one reflects that they could avoid them by a simple surrender of the steadfast faith that is in 