THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 373 naces, etc. ; and second, Sabbatarians, religiously ob-serving as the Sabbath the seventh day of the week in-stead of the first. With the first class the plea has been so successful that so far as the writer knows they have never even been prosecuted. At Dayton, Tenn., some years ago when several Sabbatarians were in jail for working on Sunday (some of them in retired places where they were "detected" only by being spied upon), the pros-ecuting attorney was asked why they were prosecuted and nothing said about a great iron furnace which was in constant operation night and day seven days in the week. The reply was, "0, that is necessary." But the necessity is no more real than is the neces-sity requiring the Sabbatarian to work on Sunday. The foreman of that same furnace told the writer that the furnace could be banked not only for twenty-four hours, but for a week if necessary, without injury to the plant. The only loss occasioned by shutting down on Sunday, therefore, would be the loss of the profits of the business done on that day. Therefore the neces-sity is no greater in the case of the furnace than in the case of the individual Sabbatarian. Nor is it as great, for with the furnace it is simply a question of larger aggregate profits for the year; with the individual it is often a question of ability to provide for his family if, after voluntarily giving one day to his own religion, he is compelled to surrender another day to the State or rather to his neighbor's religion. B. A Tale of Two Nations. EMPIRE BRINGS RUIN. The magnificent imperialism and expansion of the days of Solomon were of short duration. He sowed to the wind and reaped the whirlwind. After his death the kingdom was divided, two tribes going under one leader and ten under another, and this was the end forever of that "strong central government" which the elders had called for in order that they might hold the tribes together. The strong central government ut-terly failed of its purpose ; the twelve tribes were not held together by it. The simple plan which God had ordained and which had preceded this one had been much more potent for this purpose. And now began a checkered period in the history of Israel. They had departed from the principle of the consent of the governed. They had wandered from republicanism into imperialism ; and this led to the vio-lation of the mandate, "Israel shall dwell alone and shall not be reckoned among the nations." No sooner had Israel become an empire than it became evident to her leading men that if they maintained their place among the great powers of the earth they must do so by means of alliances with different ones of these pow- ers. But once they commenced making alliances, they were no longer dwelling alone, they were no longer not reckoned among the nations. This command that they should dwell alone and should not be reckoned among the nations, was not an arbitrary one on the part of God. It was given for their own good. It came in the very nature of things. God knew the form of government which he had given Israel could not be maintained amid alliances with other nations. The principles governing republican-ism and monarchy are so vastly different that it is impossible for the two systems of government to unite, and for the purer system at the same time to maintain its own pure and peculiar form. Monarchs are not accustomed to consulting their people, therefore when the king of Assyria made a treaty with the king of Israel, that treaty was made without even the knowl-edge of the people of Israel, for the treaties and un-derstandings of monarchs are almost always secret, in the very nature of things. Modern diplomacy will am-ply bear out this idea. Of course, there are commer-cial treaties which everybody knows about ; but there are also secret understandings between princes and potentates concerning which their subjects know little or nothing. No sooner was Israel a monarchy, than alliances and confederacies began to be made with the differ-ent heathen nations. These, one and all, proved dis-astrous to Israel. God continued to warn His people against them, hence it was written in the book of Isaiah: "The Lord spake also unto me again, saying, Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shi-loh that go softly, and rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah's son; now therefore the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river, strong and many, even the king of Assyria, and all his glory ; and he shall come up over all his channels, and go cver all his banks ; and he shall pass through Judah ; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck ; and the stretch-ing out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel. Associate yourselves, 0 ye people, and 3R shall be broken in pieces ; and give ear all ye of far countries ; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces ; gird yourselves and ye shall be broken in pieces. Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought ; speak the word and it shall not stand ; for God is with us. For the Lord spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying, Say ye not a confederacy to all them to whom this people shall say a confederacy ; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts Himself; and let Him be your fear and let Him be your dread." (Isa. 8:5-13.) This was not the only time that God warned Israel about these confederacies. Jeremiah also spake : "And 