Jli'bA.mtnatcA.N -g-nNrriNM, VoL. 9, No. 16. being. If the angels were the first created beings, religion and worship dates back to the beginning of their history. As the sequel has proved, all these were created with the power of choice, to worship or not to worship; to obey or not to obey. Among the angels there could be no such thing as a civil gov-ernment, notwithstanding some of them sinned an I fell; because that was a theoc-racy pure and simple. That is purely a government of God, where the unfallen angels render willing obedience and the disloyal were cast out. And among the countless thousands of worlds there was but one world where the inhabitants re-fused to render willing obedience to that God who made them all; and consequently but one world where there is any need of civil governments of any form whatever. In those worlds religion pure and simple may be found, and religious observances and supreme worship carried on without the aid or restraint of civil government; and it is but reasonable to conclude that in those worlds religion and worship is to be found in its perfection, as is only pos-sible when created beings have not made themselves supremely selfish by disobedi-ence, and this is according to God's design. Thus it becomes evident that religion does flourish best where it is in no way connected with the State. It is also just as evident that religion has a different realm from that of the State.. It is also evident that in this world it was the pur-pose of God that religion and worship should have been found in just as pure and simple and perfect a condition as in any of the worlds or in heaven itself. It is further evident that this purpose of God will yet be accomplished in this world till there shall not be one blot in all the universe of God. As this work or pur-pose was not accomplished in the first Adam, it will be accomplished in the second Adam. But to whom was this work committed, to the Church or to the State ? And how or by what power ? Will it be by that of the State or by the power of God ? Evidently, by the same power that began the work, and that is the creative power of God. Man was created in the image of God and made the ruler of the world. But man fell, and became, instead of a ruler, the abject slave to his own supreme selfishness; and nothing but the same power that created can redeem him again from that bondage. This was offered through Jesus Christ, and began its work before civil government was organized. It has been carried on through Jesus Christ in all the ages of the world, and to gather out a people who would accept of that power of God, and that power of God is in the gospel of Jesus Christ; for it " is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." And every one who will take hold of that power by faith in Jesus Christ may and will be saved from the power of his own supreme selfishness; and all who, from Adam down to the present time, have availed themselves of this power of God, have been lost to self to that extent that they could and did recognize and respect the inalienable rights of all men. They have not needed the power of the State to aid or to compel them to be civil towards others. Indeed, these have only been as " strangers," and in a strange country, seeking a heavenly country where all men would be civil respecting the rights of all. And as this work was begun and offered to Adam even  before his expulsion from Eden, even so God gave this work into the hands of those who would believe, to his church composed of believers, and this work of the church begun by Adam, to carry forward to the end of time. And all who have believed, and all who will believe, have ever de-pended and will depend upon the power of God and not upon the power of the State for salvation. But all men have not believed to lay hold upon that power; and always there have been some who have so far refused to yield themselves to the influence of that power, that their own supreme selfishness has led them to overt actions, trespassing, infringing, invading and even subverting the rights of others to their own selfish purposes. Now, as the power of God, as revealed in the gospel of Jesus Christ, could not be the power of God if it should constrain by force, for it is the power of love, there must be some other power brought to bear upon all who will not voluntarily accept of and lay hold upon the power of God to save themselves from the power of their own selfish hearts. Here was the necessity of civil govern-ment, and here is its province. For this purpose it was ordained. The Church was ordained to do the work that pertains to the realm of religion and all those things that pertain to a future life, but never the work of the State; while the State is ordained with reference to the things of this life, with no reference to, or connection with, the work of the Church, each in its own realm carrying forward each its own work. H. F. PHELPS. Ł-Ł-Ł The Canny Scott and the Sabbath. ON one occasion Robert Chambers thus reproved a friend for saying the Sabba-tarian narrowness of Edinburgh people would render life in Edinburgh intolerable to him. " That's joost one of sooth-country prej-udices, and nothing more. There's no sic teerany and intolerance in Adinbro as y' imagine. If you will only have a prudent care for local sainsibeelity and forbear to fly in the face of your neighbors' opeenions, you may amuse yoursel' in Adinbro vara moth as you do in London on Sunday. In Adinbro I dine and sup with my friends on the Sabbath joost as I do in London. Of course, when I drive out to dine with a friend on Sunday in Adinbro, I don't get into the carriage at my air door, but round the corner near by, where I have ordered it to be waiting for me. An, of course, I seize the occasion for slipping into it when no folk are watching me. You're quite wrong in fancying the Sab-batarian saintiment in Adinbro is so tee-rannical as to prevent you from enjoying yourself an the Laird's day." " AnyhowŠqueried his friendŠby your own confession, it is so intolerant and tyrannical that you dare not get into a fly at your own door, or even in any street of the neighborhood on a Sunday, when peo-ple are looking at you. If that isn't social tyranny, what the deuce is social tyr-anny ? " " Ay, that's a soothroon's pugnacious way of looking at the question," replied Mr. Chambers, with a merry twinkle in his eye. " If y'd been reared in Adinbro in the right way in your yourth, you would not speak so bitterly of the wholesome moral eenfluence o' your neighbors."ŠFree Sunday Advocate, London. The foregoing is not an inappropriate  commentary upon the system which pro-poses to secure " Sabbath-keeping " by civil law. If conscience toward God be lacking such conscience as would secure full obedience without civil law, the gen-eral result is to secure hypocrisy, as in the ease noted above. Genuine obedience in religious matters is never promoted by civil law alone.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Should Church Property Be Taxed? YES. The character of a stream is most surely and thoroughly known by tracing it to its source. By this we ascertain its, compo-nent parts, and learn the.frame-work, as it were, on which is built the entire thing. There are often, it is true, accumulations and accretions, which serve to hide the real nature of the elements derived from the fountain; but this fact only makes more apparent the necessity for such thorough investigation as leads to the primary cause or source whence the thing we seek to know comes. In this way we may best investigate this broad and intensely interesting ques-tion of Government favors bestowed upon religious bodies, whether it consists in placing the name of the being whom they worship in the Constitution, using their text book in the public schools, relieving their property from taxation, or paying the salaries of their ministers all of which are steps in the same direction, links in the same chain of bondage with which so many nations have been bound, and are still bound to-day. We do not yet in this land have them all, but we have some of them ; and there is a large and persistent class of religion-ists, who are determined that we shall have them all. The subject is therefore a proper one for thought and discussion. The basis of State action looking to the bestowment of any favors upon religious bodies, such as we have mentioned, is the belief, still surviving in our own land, that the State should have something to say about religion. If this is not true, whence comes the idea that it may prop-erly discriminate between public property and say concerning one part of it, " that is used for a religious purpose and need ,not bear any portion of the national burden in the way of taxes, and that is not used for a religious purpose and must therefore be taxed." If the Government, as such, has a right so to discriminate in favor of religious people where they are in the ascendancy, and relieve them of their share of the Government burden thus making the irreligious people bear more than their share, why is it unjust for gov-ernments where non-believers are the most numerous to place the heavier burden of taxation upon the believers and thus re-lieve from such burden the non-believers ? Is there any difference in the principle applied in both cases ? Is not one appli-cation of it equally as just as the other ? Is it not as just to relieve the Mohammedan by imposing an extra burden upon the Christian, as to relieve the Christian by imposing an extra burden upon the Mo-hammedan ? If church property is relieved of taxation, other property must be taxed that much higher in order to meet the expenses of the Government; so the State holds out a financial inducement to invest-ment in religious property. We might, however, endure the cleat injustice involved in the discrimination as 