Yonx, MARCH 12, 1896. gay- ANY zeiving the AMERICAN Simms', without having ordered lti may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the Sitsmissi, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (9.l. 60 6%, 88 A.M1OTUICA1NT VOL. 11, No. 11. Do not overlook the article, " Sunday Law Persecution," on page 85. THE article, " Is there a Principle In-volved?" on page 85, is worthy of more than a cursory reading. Its candid tone will com-mand respect, and its clear logic should carry conviction to every mind. As this number of the SENTINEL goes to press, five Seventh-day Adventists are on trial in Lake County, Tenn., for quietly exer-cising their God-given right to labor six days after having rested one. Against one of these men there are two indictments. PETITIONS bearing 100,000 signatures have been received by the House Judiciary Com-mittee favoring the joint resolution proposing a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States. A hearing on the reso-lution was held yesterday. " WHIT strange and wicked use," remarks a London paper, " of the word Christian is being made. A dispatch tells this news of a disturbance in Crete. Some Christians mur-dered two Turks. In revenge some Turks murdered two Christian families. As soon as the news was known the Christians of neighboring villages assembled and attacked the Turks.' " THE Western Watchman, a Roman Catholic paper of St. Louis, says:Š If we mistake not, the House will give the Catholic Indian schools their appropriation just as it gave the Catholic institutions of the Capital theirs. Some members of the House, mostly A. P. A.s, are fools all the time; all the members are off a little sometimes; but the whole House will not stay crazy all the time. It seems hardly likely that this prediction will be realized. The element in Congress opposed to such appropriations is too strong. The Catholics will probably have to support their own denominational Indian schools in the future. MARCH 4, Archbishop Kenrick, one of the , most widely-known Roman Catholic prelates in the United States, died at St. Louis in the ninetieth year of his age. Archbishop Ken-rick was one of the two members of the Vati-can Council of 1870, who opposed the dogma of papal infallibility. It is said that but for his opposition to the will of the papacy upon that occasion, he would have been made a cardinal in November, 1892, " as a crowning feature of the golden jubilee of his election to  the bishopric." A very able argument against papal infallibility has been published, and is said to have been delivered by Archbishop Kenrick before the Vatican Council. This, however, has been denied. As some of our readers doubtless remember, this matter was published in these columns, Aug. 30, Sept. 6, and Sept. 13, 1894, but only upon its merits. We have no reliable information as to its au-thorship. FEBRUARY 21st, Rev. C. J. Oehschlaeger (Lutheran), of Richmond, Va., was invited by the State Assembly, through its clerk, to officiate as chaplain for the House for the day. He declined the invitation, saying:Š I do not believe in opening a promiscuous political body with prayer. The promiscuous character of the body makes it an abuse of prayer, and the political character of the body makes it an unnatural union of Church and State. I, as a Christian, and any mem-ber of the body as a Christian, can privately pray for the sessions, but the State which that body represents has nothing to do with prayer. If there were more ministers with the good sense of Mr. Oehschlaeger, there would be less of governmental religion and probably more personal piety in the world. MARCH 4, a hearing was given by a com-mittee of the Senate at Albany on bills for Sunday opening of saloons in New York. A number of ministers and other representatives of the religious forces of the city were present and protested against the passage of any such measure. Col. Benjamin F. Watson, Chairman of the Legislative Committee of the Church Tem-perance Society, said he was pained to hear no mention of God and his commandments by the clerical gentlemen who favored the bill. The fourth commandment, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," has something to do with the government. Will you abolish the fourth commandment in the interest of liquor sellers? Ł Colonel Watson did not attempt to show wherein the fourth commandment applies to Sunday; he only assumed that liquor-selling was worse on Sunday than on other days; that it was a violation of the law of God on Sun-day, and of course by necessary inference it is perfectly legitimate and moral upon other days! It is thus that arguments for Sunday-closing exalt the saloon by making it iespecta-ble and even necessary in itself, and evil only on Sunday. THE first Congregational Church at Lowell, Mass., is in trouble and is trying to get the legislature of the State to settle some of its difficulties. Recently some of the gentlemen connected with it went before the legislature asking to have a bill passed regulating the membership of the church. This bill, as printed in the Lowell Citizen, of February 28, runs as follows:Š Hereafter any member of the First Congregational Church of Lowell, Mass., above the age of twenty-one years, who hires and pays for a pew or sitting in said church, may be, and act as a member of the society  of the First Congregational Church, after first giving notice in writing to the clerk of said society that he is a member of said church and that he rents and pays for a seat in said church, and upon the filing of such notice, and signing the roll of membership of said society, the person giving such notice shall have and exercise all the rights of a member of said society. It does not appear just how discipline is to be enforced in this church after this proposed bill shall become a law. It would seem, how-ever, that if the qualifications of members are fixed by law, if the church should desire to withdraw the hand of fellowship from any member it would have to do so by regular civil proceedings in the courts. Of course, this is quite in keeping with the various meas-ures of religious legislation being urged in several different States. It is, nevertheless, a little in advance of anything else which we have seen seriously proposed. REPRESENTATIVE KOSTER, of this city, has introduced into the Assembly a bill to exempt from taxation the real property of ministers and priests to the value of $1,500. It seems scarcely possible that such a measure can pro-cure the support of any considerable number of representatives. The fact that it has been seriously proposed, however, is sig-nificant. Another religious measure before the New York Legislature is a bill introduced by Sen-ator MacNulty, of Brooklyn, prohibiting on Sundays " performances of plays, operas or minstrels, whether in costume or not; also, monologs or singing, except in religious cere-monies." Commenting upon this measure the World says:Š , This would prevent the recitation of the Declaration of Independence on Sunday, or the singing in public of the noblest music by the greatest singer, " except in religious ceremonies." Another New York paper suggests that "a law providing that the citizen should each week pay to the church one-seventh of his earnings would give us only another phase of the robbery that is contemplated by Sunday laws and perpetrated under their sanction. If the workman and business man were com-pelled to labor on Sunday and give that day's wages to the ministers, the iron would enter a little deeper, perhaps, than it does now, but they would have just as much money for the week's exertion as now when they are for-bidden to earn any on that day. It might be better, on the whole, if the church took its one-seventh in that manner, for then, not having a day of idleness before them on the morrow, fewer laborers would squander their week's wages in dissipation on Saturday night." ' AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - 81.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 Born) STREET, NEW YORK, 