432 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JULY 13, 1899. PREPARATIONS for a terrible war in South Africa continue to be made by England and the Boer republic. SINCE the United States drove the Spanish forces out of Cuba, two thousand saloons have been opened on that island. This is substituting one enemy of the people for another, and of the two, the saloon is unques-tionably the worse. THE Peace Congress at The Hague is expected to adjourn sine die about the middle of this month; but will, it is said, reassemble in 1900. In the meantime the czar will visit the European courts in the interests of his undertaking for peace. THE position of the individual in popular government is that of a di-rector of the machinery of the gov-ernment; when he becomes only a part of the machinery himself, di-rected by another, the government has become a despotism in fact, whatever it may be in name. THE crusade against Mormon po-lygamy which has been in progress 'since the Mormon B. H. Roberts was elected to Congress, has borne fruit in the arrest of a prominent Mor-mon leader named Cannon, in Salt Lake City, and the announced inten-tion of taking similar action against B. H. Roberts, President Snow and others, who do not deny the charge of maintaining a plurality of wives. WITHIN the next fortnight, three seventh-day observers in the South are to be tried under the Sunday laws, one at Gainesville, Ga., one at  Rome, Ga., and one at Amory, Miss. Interesting developments are cer-tain to arise at these trials, and at the earliest opportunity these will be set before the readers of the SEN-TINEL. At each one the interests of the defendants and of the cause they represent will be looked after by the president of the Religious Liberty Association, Allen Moon. Every lover of religious liberty has an in-terest in these trials, and is in fact on trial himself in the persons of the the defendants who are before the courts. THE Fourth of July was celebrated vigorously by American officers and men at Manila,Šthe place where American dependence_ (upon Great Britain and other nations) has lately been established by American arms. A poor place that, in which to cele-brate American independence. For at that place American independ-ence was lost, and unless the' steps there taken be retraced, it is gone forever. No nation on the globe is now truly independent. A year ago there was one such nation,Šthe United States; but now this one has played the part of Esau and sold its birth-right for a mess of pottage. The de-pendence of the nations of the Old World is proclaimed by their alli-ances; not one of them feels strong enough to stand alone. Germany, Austria, and Italy are in one alli-ance; France and Russia in another; and England, to whom the otherS had turned the "cold shoulder" had been anxiously feeling around for an ally, and was only too glad to find one in the great American Re-public. A virtual alliance now exists be-tween these two countries, and it is made necessary by the entrance of the United States into the arena of European strifes. For, as a:British authority, speaking of this Republic under its new policy, said, "The young imperialist has entered upon a path where she will require a stout friend;" and her bargain for the  Philippines was made "under the protecting naval strength of Great Britain," who will "expect a mate-rial quid pro quo for this assist-ance." By the first American Revolution, a century and a quarter ago, inde-pendence was gained, and the Ameri-can colonies were lost. By the sec-ond revolution, just completed, inde-pendence has been lost, and Ameri-can colonies are again established. And as regards the principle of all this, it matt( rs not that the seat of the imperial power has crossed the Atlantic, and the colonies have crossed the Pacific. Events will yet make plain the fact to those who do not now see it, that this country is no longer indepen-dent. ROMAN CATHOLIC authorities in the United States have been greatly scandalized and shocked by a rec-ommendation made in the report of the Insular Commission appointed by the Government to investigate affairs and conditions in Porto Rico. The recommendation is "That priests and others who have taken the vow of celibacy may be permitted to re-nounce said vows and enter into marriage relations, the same as other people." This, says a report from Washington, D. C., "is regarded by the highest [Catholic] ecclesiasti-cal dignitary here as 'a gratuitous insult' to the Catholic Church throughout the world." It would be interesting to know the reasons back of this recommen-dation. Doubtless there is in those reasons that at which the Catholic dignitaries ought to be scandalized and shocked, whether they are or not. SEPARATE a great man from a great principle, and only a small man is left. The greatness remains in the principle. A NATION, like 'an individual, is most likely to pick a quarrel when it goes about armed. 