NOVEMBER 12, 1896. SIENritaNIML 356 is, for the use of civil power for and in civil things, and in civil things only. They de-clare with the Word of God that the "powers that be are ordained of God," and that every soul should "be subject unto the higher powers, for there is no power but of God." They o not believe, however, that this means that the majority should coerce the minority in matters of faith. They do not believe in the union of Church and State, or in using the civil power to bolster up religion, or to force upon unbelievers or dissenters from the prevailing religion the faith or practice of those who have control of legislation; and it is because they oppose all State-enforced re-ligion that they are persistently and system-atically misrepresented by those who, like certain misguided religionists of old, would take Christ "by force and make him King;" King not in deed and in truth, but in pre-tense only, the rule to be administered not by Christ, but by men ruling in his name, but not by his authority, nor according to his will. WHICH IS BETTER? A LEADING organ of the movement for enforced Sunday observance, the Christian Statesman, states in its issue for October 24, that it would regard a first-day sabbath as better than none at all, even from the stand-point of those who are firmly convinced that the fourth commandment requires the ob-servance of the seventh day and not the first. It believes that seventh-day observers should therefore work for the establishment of the first-day institution, in harmony with those who believe it to have divine sanction, as a more desirable alternative than that which seems to be the only other, namely, no Sabbath at all. It says further, by way of illustration, "If we were dwelling in a Jewish country, in which, as in the days of Nehemiah, the seventh-day Sabbath was being enforced, we would feel under obligation to give our pub-lic influence in favor of such governmental action, as against Sabbath desecration, even if we were as thoroughly convinced in that case as we are now that the first day is the Sabbath of our risen Lord. We would main-tain our personal right to keep the Christian Sabbath holy, but we would recognize the right of that Jewish people to interpret the divine law of the Sabbath according to their conviction, and to enforce the observance of the day by their governmental action. And for us to oppose this Jewish nation in so doing, and attempt to break the force of their Sabbath law, would be to put ourselves on the side of lawlessness and anarchy in that country." The fallacy of this position is shown by the fact that the Sabbath must, by its very nature, be limited to one definite day of the week. There could not be two weekly Sabbaths in the same week, each of divine appoint-ment. To establish such an arrangement would be to destroy the Sabbath altogether, since in that case the Sabbath day would not be set apart from the other days of the week, as God has set it apart. " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," is language which draws a distinction between the Sabbath day and all other clays of the week. And this distinction the Cre-ator established by his own example, in working six days and resting on the seventh. The divine arrangement is, six working days in every week, and one day, the seventh, set "CHRISTIANS DISFRANCHISED." UNDER this heading a Western journal makes mention of a recent sermon by Rev. F. M. Foster, of the Third Reformed Presby-terian Church, New York City, in which the proper attitude of Christians toward the elec-tive franchise under our present Government was defined from the Reformed Presbyterian standpoint. We quote:Š "It is the duty of the Christians to refuse to swear allegiance to the constitution of a government which does not recognize the authority of Almighty God," said he. Mr. Foster said that the laws of God are broken every Sunday by the Government, and as an example he cited that "the Government will admit into the service of the post-office department only those who  will swear that they will violate the fourth command-ment and keep the office open on the holy day. "The candidate for office must, according to the Constitution, swear that he will uphold the laws which contradict the laws of God. The Christian loyal to Christ cannot take such oath, or if he does, he becomes a sharer in all the wickedness which is fostered and protected by this Government. As efil candidates must take this oath the Christian citizen is debarred from voting on the principle that he can-not ask another what he might not do himself. "The Christian citizen cannot vote, because Ł the Constitution does not require God's qualifications for official trust. Moral qualifications are required in the office bearer." As is well known, however, the especial aim of the Reformed Presbyterian Church is to so remodel this Government that it will "recog- nize the authority" of God in its Constitu-tion, and enforce the law of God in its legis- lation. But this cannot be done even in theory except through the expressed will of the people; and that will must be expressed by the ballot. Refusing to act the part of cit- izens themselves, they yet seek nothing short of the complete revolution of the Government from a Republic to a man-made theocracy; and they are forced to occupy the rather anomalous position of asking others to do what they say it is not right to do, in order that this change may be made. However, this party have never been backward about petitioning Congress and other legislative bodies to vote for the measures which embody their hopes. They are more than willing to make full use of the office and office-holder which exist under our present "godless" Government. And should their scheme of government come to be submitted to the choice of the people, it would surprise us if they were not found as willing and anxious to vote as any others. It should be noted, also, that a Republican form of government is the only one under which the act of voting can be necessary or even proper; for under a theocracy, civil as well as religious affairs are administered by the Lord, through his ministers, and not by the people at all. There has never been a government in existence whose civil affairs were sought to be administered according to the law of God, where the people exercised the function of voting. God's will is ex-pressed in his Word; his laws are there stated, and cannot be changed. And it would only remain for the people, under a civil govern-ment founded upon those laws, to be governed by those laws according as clerical authority might construe them, instead of choosing their own officials and legislating for them- selves. s. A CORRECTION. BY A CHICAGO ATTORNEY. University of Chicago, Nov. 1, 1896. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : The statement is inadvertently made in your issue of the 29th ult. that " the new book of selected Bible readings compiled by a committee in Chicago, consisting of a Jew, of a Protestant, and of a Roman Catholic, . . are in use in the schools of Chicago, and are designed for general use throughout the land." It is true that they were prepared for general use and were intended for use in the public schools of Chicago as well as else-where, but it is not true that they are now in use in this city. An attempt was made to introduce them here which met with such a determined opposition on the part of the friends of religious liberty, that the matter was temporarity dropped. Chicago has apart from them as the rest day. Hence, we repeat, there cannot possibly be two Sabbaths of divine appointment in the same week. To recognize two Sabbaths in the same week, therefore, is to recognize no Sabbath at all. To attempt to establish two weekly Sabbaths is to attempt to break down the one Sabbath. To support one of two weekly Sabbaths is to work against the other. Were seventh-day observers to support the first-day Sabbath, they would work directly against the day which they believe to have been set apart by divine sanction. And were first-day observers to lend their support to the seventh day institution, they would soon discover that they were making no progress toward the realization of their scheme of uni-versal Sunday observance. The adherents of Sunday are strenuous for Sunday, and that day only; so much so that they demand laws to compel every individual to restŁ on that particular day, whether he believes in and observes another day or not. They are constantly advising seventh-day ob-servers, however, not to be so particular about the day. Those who understand the evil of a union of Church and State, however, whether ob-servers of the seventh day or of the first, would not be willing that the observance of any day shall be enforced by human law, even were there no dispute concerning which day is divinely sanctioned. In Nehemiah's time Sabbath observance was not enforced by hu-man law, but by God's law, for God governed in civil affairs by his prophets, and the people were not makers of their laws at all. The laws which governed in that time were given by the Lord to Moses, and not one of them was the product of human legislation. There was never a time in the world's history when human legislation in religious matters had the sanction of God. While there are in every heart, to a greater or less extent, the principles of right and justice implanted by the Creator, which are good independently of any religion one may profess, we believe it to be also true that a false religion is worse than no religion at all; since it is not only valueless apart from the good principles of the individual, which have really no connection with it, but it deceives its possessor and lures him on to ruin. A false religious observance, made in the name of Christianity, is a worse insult to God than no observance at all. And every religious observance not made in faith is a false ob-servance Ł for " whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14: 23. And faith cannot be supplied by legislation. A forced observance of the Sabbath is only sin. The movement to enforce Sabbath observance is in its true character a movement to multiply sin. s. 