28 ANILIERICAN vol. 11, No. 4 ing in the direction if not of union at least of a confederacy of churches for the accom-plishment of certain purposes; and we are sorry to say, all the objects are not entirely laudible. Another article* in these columns points out some of the evils of the so-called National Reform movement whose leaders have secured the introduction of a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States. A feder- ation of churches for any such purpose as that can be nothing but evil. As pointed out last week, religions combination to effect political objects are dangerous, and as a mat-ter of fact the combination known as the American Sabbath Union offically organized by fourteen " evangelical" denominations, and in many ways in touch with the National Reform Association, has already exerted a powerful influence upon Congress, leading that body to declare in effect in its World's Fair legislation that Sunday is the Sab-bath according 'to the fourth command- ment. Since under threat of political boycott by this powerful religious combination, Con- gress has assumed to settle by legislative en-actment one religious question, what assur-ance have we that a like influence would not secure from Congress other and similar meas-ures directly affecting liberty of conscience ? Continuing the article to which we have referred, Dr. Patterson says:Š The Northern Presbyterian Church is committed to such a movement. Its General Assembly of 1890 at Saratoga unanimously pronounced in favor of a feder-ation of all the evangelical churches of the land. Favorable progress has been made in negotiations among the Presbyterian and Reformed bodies, but this wider one is aimed at also. It is to be hoped that the correspondence that has been invited by the Con-gregational Council will be widely entered upon. The result cannot be attained very soon. In such a matter such large bodies must move slowly; but it, is well that a beginning has been made. The Presby-terian General Assembly laid down no platform; but it declared in favor of an " official federation in which there shall be no renunciation by the different churches of their peculiarities or independent organizations, and no interference with their doctrines, government or internal affairs, but which shall aim, by the best available methods, to secure cooperation in religious work and in the promotion of such moral and social reforms as affect the welfare of the nation." The Congregational Council has constructed a platform. If it be not sufficiently safe or comprehensive, let some other be made; but let the correspondence proposed be entered upon with an earnest desire to wipe out the scandal of our inimical divisions, and get in close touch with each other in organized work for the Master and for the perishing millions among whom we mingle. All this is doubtless pleasing from the standpoint of numbers. We all like to read about so many millions of Christians and to know that those Christians are working in harmony for the advancement of the gospel. But there is an element of danger in this proposed federation, and it is revealed in the paragraph quoted, by the words: "Which shall aim, by the best available methods, to secure cooperation in religious work and in the promotion of such moral and social reforms as effect the welfare of the nation." Everybody knows that in the eyes of the powerful religious combination to which ref-erence has been made, the "moral and social reform" which most directly and powerfully "affects the welfare of the nation" is the enforcement of Sunday observance; and it is to secure this more than anything else that this still more gigantic confederacy of all the various first day denominations is proposed and urged. It is true that there is a very general consensus of opinion that uniform marriage and divorce laws are needed, but not half the energy is put forth nor half the enthusi- *See "God in the Constitution" on page 26. asm manifested in securing these that there is in the movement in the interests of Sunday legislation. It is true that the "moral" senti-ment of the nation was thoroughly aroused against polygamy in Utah several years since, and that even the authorities of the Mormon Church were compelled to bend before the law backed up by that sentiment; but that it was little more than sentiment is shown by a few facts given by Dr. W. F. Crafts in his recent work, "Practical Christian Sociology." On page 64 of that work the author says:Š It is a curious fact that in 1887 these two evils [contemporaneous and consecutive polygamy] were exhibited side by side in Utah, where there were among the " Gentiles " about half as many divorces as marriages during that year. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has no sympathy whatever with polygamy. We have repeat-edly shown that it is destructive of natural rights and is therefore legitimately prohibited by civil law. But of what avail, from a moral standpoint, is the prohibition of " con-temporaneous polygamy " if " consecutive polygamy" is permitted to flourish ? We published only four weeks ago a note from a Cincinnati paper regarding the mar-riage of a young woman of nineteen and a man of thirty, each of the parties having been divorced, the lady once, the gentleman twice. The lady's first husband had re-married and each of the gentleman's wives had been re-married and divorced again after being divorced from him. We are free to say that as between this consecutive polygamy and contemporaneous polygamy there is small choice. Indeed, as practiced in Utah, re-strained as it is by a strong though mistaken religious zeal, the contemporaneous polygamy appears to be the lesser evil. But there is not that sentiment against consecutive poly-gamy that there is against polygamy as it exists in Utah; and why ? Simply because it is sentiment rather than settled moral conviction, and herein lies one of the dangers in a federation of churches for the purpose of promoting moral and social reforms. Such combinations are swayed more by sentiment than by reason, and even-handed justice is not to be expected from them. THE SPIRIT OF THE INQUISITION. THE Southwestern Presbyterian, of Dec. 5, 1895, says of Seventh-day Adventists:Š - No law in the land commands these fanatics to keep Sunday as a sacred day, to assemble to worship at that time, but only to keep it a rest day from labor; but these sectarians persist in holding that it is a matter of conscience with them to work on the Lord's day, and thus show their contempt of the honest con-victions of the rest of the Christian world. They are not martyrs, but law-breakers, and as such should be dealt with. This breathes the spirit of the Inquisition. It is true that no "law " of the land in so many words commands Seventh-day Advent-ists or anybody else " to keep Sunday as a sa-cred day," " but only to keep it as a day of rest from labor." But such rest is by the leading advocates of Sunday laws themselves declared to be worship. W. F. Crafts says :Š One day in every week an invisible Lord commands us to halt in the most absorbing pursuits of our earthly life; in the pursuit of money and business; in the pursuit of pleasure; in the pursuit of politics and fame; in the pursuit of education; and we halt as a sign that we believe in that invisible Lord and are loyal to his law. There is no other sign of our faith and loyalty so impressive to a selfish world as this twenty-four hours halt in our work every week at Christ's command. The Lord's day is therefore the "sign," the ensign of our Lord Jesus Christ; . . . and this flag of Christ is carried round the world every  week and is saluted by some in every land by the lay-ing aside of tools and toil, in token of their loyalty to a living Lord. All this and more is true of the Sabbath of the Lord, and it is for all this and more that Seventh-day Adventists observe the true Sab-bath; and it is because this is true of the Sabbath and because it is not true of Sunday that Adventists refuse to acknowledge this false sign of faith and loyalty and thus profess to a selfish world adherence to something which they do not believe. Seventh-day Ad-ventists believe that no other sign of their loyalty to the Creator of the heavens and the earth is so impressive as their twenty-four hour halt in their work every week in obedi-ence to the fourth commandment; and believ-ing this, they feel that they have no right to lessen the significance of that halt by obedi-ence to a commandment of men which requires them to make another halt in honor of another day and another power; for God does not com-mand the Sunday halt. He who receives and uses a counterfeit coin is equally criminal with the maker of that coin; and so he who knowingly accepts and uses the counterfeit sabbathŠthe false sign of loyalty to ChristŠpartakes of the sin of those who made it. The fourth commandment separates the Sabbath, the seventh day, from all other days and requires that all men shall respect that distinction. For Seventh-day Adventists to treat another day as they treat the Sabbath would be to disobey the commandment which requires them to keep the seventh day holyŠto preserve the distinction which God himself has made between that and other days. It is for this reason and not from willful disregard of civil authority that Seventh-day Adventists refuse to observe Sunday. To do so would be to prove disloyal to Christ their King. IT IS CHURCH AND STATE. BY H. F. PHELPS. THIS city, St. Paul, Minn., seems to be rather conservative on the Sunday-enforce-ment question; yet the leaven is working even here. A league has been formed, called the " Christian Citizenship League." Whether this is the same as that of which so much was said during the baseball season, the Sunday Law Observance League, or not, is not known to the writer. But the Christian Citizen-ship League is organized as an auxiliary to the National League of the same name. Article 2 of the constitution says:Š The objects of the league shall be the enforcement of the laws of the city and of the State; to combat existing evils, especially such as result from the viola-tion of the liquor laws, unlawful Sunday labor, gam-bling, and the keeping of disreputable places; to arouse a healthy and intelligent interest on all ques-tions concerning the welfare of our city and State, and to shape public opinion toward securing the nomination and election of competent and trust-worthy men for public offices without respect to party lines. A series of meetings called mass-meetings has been entered upon in the interests of the the league. The writer recently attended one of these meetings, and it could hardly be called a mass-meeting. It is quite evident that the masses are not interested in the work or objects of the league. If they were inter-ested and understood the real purpose of the league and what is meant by the suppression of "unlawful Sunday labor," there would, no doubt, be an enthusiasm created and mani-fested that might result in the defeat of that part of the work. But being in ignorance of 