698 AMERICAN SENTINEL. man legislation, and his right of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms. It is this con-sciousness, which, in defiance of human laws, has sus-tained so many martyrs in tortures and flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to human enact-ments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn principle which noth-ing can eradicate. "It is also a fact that counter memorials, equally respectable, oppose the interference of Congress, on the ground that it would be legislating upon a religious sub-ject, and therefore unconstitutional." (Italics ours.) This extract clearly shows the attitude of the Con-stitution toward all prospective religious legislation, and declares the fact that one's duty to God is superior to human enactments. It will be proper here to enquire what was the motive governing the framers of the Constitution when by their action the quEstion of the truth or falsity of any religious doctrine, and its decision were taken out of the hands of the law-makers, who, in making the laws, are sworn to uphold the Federal Constitution? The answer to this question must be reserved for an-.other article. Religious Zeal Gone Riot. "New York Journal," November 1. THE Rev. F. M. Foster, preaching in the Third Re-formed Presbyterian Church, of this city, startled his congregation last Sunday by the solemn declaration from the pulpit that a Christian cannot consistently vote in this country. And this remarkable statement he sought to defend thus:Š "The principal reason why it is believed that the elec-tive franchise cannot be consistently used by the Chris-tian is because the Lord God Almighty, whose dominion is throughout the whole earth, is not recognized as the Supreme Ruler and as the source of authority in the Government of the United States, the Constitution of which makes the people the source from which all author-ity emanates." The Rev. F. M. Foster may not know itŠand we are charitable enough to grant that he does notŠbut the ut-terance quoted is as blasphemous a thought as was ever conceived in the brain of the rankest and most irrespon-sible infidel. The Constitution of this country, which he undertakes to assail, vests the right of government in the peopleŠthe people whom God made after his own image, and to whom he gave the products of his creation. Does the Rev. F. M. Foster think that the Almighty needs "recognition," when a religious people draw up laws for the government of men? Is the Omnipotent Creator like an ambitious politi-,cian, who needs resolutions of indorsement and approval whenever the conventions meet? Are we a nation of Pharisees to make ostentation of the most sacred recesses of our hearts? The Rev. F. M. Foster may be, and we hope he is, a sincere man; but there is more religion in the incantations of the self-starved Oriental than in the screed he preached in New York day before last. Righteousness Not By Human Law. By James H. Fairchild, President Oberlin College. THE positive requirements of government must be, as far as they go, reenactments of the law of obligation.. It can never rightfully require what it is wrong for the subject to do, but its requirements may properly fall far short of duty. They are, probably, never complete ex-pressions of duty. In this respect they differ from the divine laws. The divine law covers all duty; human law only such duty, and so much of it as properly falls within its sphere. Many matters of important obligation are never touched by human law. Indeed, the substance of all duty, the duty of benevolence, is not at all enjoined by human law. But aside from this, there are multitudes of outward duties which human law does not contemplate. It does not require politeness, or charity, but these are manifest duties. The law does not undertake to express the full obligation, but only so much of it as is essential to the outward regulation of society. God's law, not man's, is the standard of righteousness. 11. 0 THE following from the Haverhill Gazette, which quotes from a leading Boston daily, expresses public sen-timent in Massachusetts relative to the agitation which is being 'vigorously kept up by the Sabbath Protective League and similar bodies, to secure moral reform by law:Š "The citizens of Boston are very much oppressed by laws passed every session of the legislature to please re-formers. The latest trouble experienced is the threat-ened interference of the Sabbath Protective League to prevent a continuance of the Sunday concerts given to keep the musicians of the municipal band together dur-ing the winter, and furnish such music at a low price as will elevate the public taste. Referring to this subject the Boston Transcript very aptly says:Š "`While no protests have been officially received, the Sabbath Protective League has made a general objec-tion, moved thereto by the circulars distributed to the schools, in which the purpose of the enterprise was an-nounced and cooperation invited, but we cannot believe that it will be sustained by public opinion. The influence of good music is elevating and refining. Probably even the league would admit that premise; and it will be diffi-cult to convince the average citizen that that which is elevating and refining six days in the week is a desecra-tion of the Sabbath on the seventh. It is entertainment, it is true, but it is entertainment with a larger purpose 