A MER,ICA_N SENTINEL. _ 179 ous enough to require the emperor to believe a point under examination, which neither side had skill to deter-mine. "On the other hand, the church was to obey the em-peror in secular things; but this was a very difficult undertaking, for cathedrals, and honors, and privileges, and endowments, and a thousand other secular things were so closely connected with this kind of church, and so essential to its very existence, that one absolute emperor might ruin in an instant what another had cherished for half a century. "There is not an evil that can blast society which is not contained in this fatal coalition. Out of these two absolute powers in one kingdom rise new crimes, new claims, new disputes, a new order of men to investigate them, new canons of law, new officers, new courts, new taxes, new punishments, a new world all in arms, ani-mated with a fury that never sleeps and never cools Until one party subdues the other into silence. There was no peace in any kingdom where this system was adopted till either the prince disarmed the priest or the priest dethroned the prince."Špp. 133-139. This sketch, though brief, is a complete history of the false Christian citizenship idea, the union of church and state, from its beginning in the Christian era until now; and it is a perfect forecast of the only thing that can pos-sibly come in the United States, and that will certainly come, as surely as the present "Christian citizenship" movement shall succeed in its designs upon the govern- ment. A. T. J. IP Ł The True Reformer. "AND Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, "As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word." In these words the Scriptures introduce to us one who stands almost preeminent among the world's reformers. It will be instructive to glance at some features of the sit-uation in which he is set before us. Ahab was the king of Israel. Against the king and the kingdom Elijah stood alone. No human arm was raised for his assistance. No votes were cast, no legisla-tion was enacted, in his favor. All the power of the gov ernment,Šof law, of the courts, of the army,Šwas at the command of the king. Against all these Elijah dared to proclaim boldly, to the king's face, and with perfect as-surance, the message of a radical reform throughout the kingdom. Who was this Elijah? The Scriptures answer: "Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are; and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain; and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months. And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit." James 5: 17, 18. What then was the difference between Elijah and our-selves? By nature there was no difference. He was a man of like passions with us; but in comparing his work with that of the "reformer" of this day, a vast difference is apparent. The secret is revealed in his words to Ahab: "As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand." Elijah lived and acted in the presence of the infinite God. He was a man of faith. But do not we also stand in the presence of God? Yes; what was true of him is no less true of us. It is true enough, but it is faith that enables us to realize its truth; it is faith that brings it to our minds as a reality. There is a God, the infinite One, Lord of heaven and earth, "before whom I stand." This is no figure of speech, but a literal fact. Elijah's faith grasped the reality of this great truth, and he acted accordingly. Our faithŠif we have faithŠwill grasp it likewise. And if that be so, we shall act as though that Presence were sensible to the natural eye. Faith deals only with facts; faith convinces us of the reality of things not seen. Who, in the presence of God, and loyal to him, would fear all the power of man? Who in that presence, com-missioned by Him to proclaim the truth, would feel weak without the aid of man? Who would seek for help from the legislature? The very fact that such things are done by men claiming to speak for God, is conclusive evidence that they have not faith. Faith hears the "still small voice," and knows it to be more powerful than earth-quake, fire, and storm. Faith knows the "sword of the Spirit" to be more powerful than all the swords of steel. "The Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand." That is the language of faith, the language of true reform. The Christian sees in God the true majority; in his law the all-sufficient legislation; in his word the "voice of a multitude," that is greater than the voice of the ballot. He trusts in the presence of Him who has "all power" "in heaven and in earth." "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." Mal.. 4:1. The spirit of true reform in the last days is the spirit of Elijah,Šthe spirit of faith. Have you faith? "Suffering as a Christian." "Present Truth" (London, Eng ), November. 18. THE newspapers bring us the following note:Š "For refusing to touch a gun a young Hungarian conscript, Francis John Kiss, has been sentenced to five years' penal servitude with hard labor. The Pester-Lloyd, of Buda-Pest, gives details. Kiss was ordered to leave his home in the country and join the famous Honved Hussars in the capital. On the drill ground no persua sion or threat could induce him to shoulder arms; Chris-tianity, he declared, forbade the use of deadly weapons. 