THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27 "personal engagement" alone as the founda-tion of their religious hope, as it really is. All history attests that national religion has never had such a tendency, in a single in-stance. It has no such tendency to-day, even in this age of Bible privileges. The system is radically wrong, and can be advocated only by those who have not studied its principles, or those who have a favorite church hobby to ride; and who are so self-com-placent that they think they are doing God service by compelling uniformity to their par-ticular belief. That their object is Church and State, or a national established church, is clearly evident from their uniform teachings, notwithstand-ing their persistent denials. And we are com-pelled to believe that their denials are not Made -in perfect sincerity. We cannot give them credit for such a large degree of blind-ness or ignorance that they cannot understand the obvious intent of their oft-repeated declar-ations. Thus, in the same article from which we have quoted, bearing the strong indorse-ment of the editor, are found the following words:Š It is the duty of civil rulers, in subordi-nation to Christ, to recognize the church, its ordinances, and laws. It is not merely that the existence of such an organization is owned and tolerated, but a statutory arrangement, confessing the divine origin of the church, and =the divine obligation resting on the nation to accept its doctrine and order, and engaging to regulate their administration in conformity with its constitution and object." The avowed object is not that, the State should acknowledge religion, and regulate its administration in harmony therewith, but it should, by statutory arrangement, confess the divine origin and organization of the church, and regulate its administration in conformity with the constitution and object, not merely of religion, but of the church. And this is ,not Church and State! oh, no. How we do wonder at the blindness of those who cannot she a plain distinction between Church and State and church and religion in such an ar-rangement as this! Alas for the church that is led by such leaders as the National Reform-ers; and alas for the nation when it is made subservient to such a church as they repre-sent. Ask anybody to point to the beginning of Church and State, and they will turn to Con-stantine the Great as the author of the sys-tem ; the system which proved so disastrous to the purity of the church, and to the cause of vital Christianity. But our model Reform-ers do not want such a system as he estab-lished. No, they do not; for with such a sys-tem their ambition would never be satisfied. We will point out the difference between his system and that for which they ask. Constantine established the church after the model of the empire, making the church and the empire as nearly identical as was possible, and retain the supremacy of the civil power. But the supremacy of the civil power was maintained during his reign, and for several centuries after his time. The church became the creature and servant of the, empire ; and  the church rulers were willing to accord, to the emperor the general supervision of the church, for the sake of the advantages which they derived, and the honor conferred upon the church, by the alliance. But our Reform-ers will not abide any such arrangement. They demand that the church shall be the controlling power, and the State exist to serve the interest of the church. The State must acknowledge the authority of the church, and the Government must be administered in con-formity with the constitution of the church. Constantine made the church subservient to the State; but these modern Reformers in-tend to make the State altogether subservient to the church. And yet they have the effront-ery to deny that they seek any arrangement that can be called a union of Church and State. We wonder that they deny their ob-ject, while their statements of the object are published in their periodicals, and circulated broadcast through the land. But our wonder is still greater that people give ready credence to their pretenses, and shut their eyes to those many avowals of their intention to have the State administered in subserviency to their church system. Shall the sad history of the church repeat itself in the United States? In a future arti-cle we shall point out the change that came over the administration of the Government when the supremacy of the State was lost, and, the church occupied the position that our Reformers want it to occupy in Protestant America. It really appears to us that noth-ing but personal ambition could lead men to be so blind as to the results of their efforts, as,  these seem to be. J. ii. W. Ł Ł 4. "Connecting Links Between Church and State." IN the Homiletic Review for DeCember, 1887, Philip Schaff, D. D., LL.D., has an article on "The Connecting Links Between Church and State," and says that there are three of these links, namely, Marriage, Sunday, and the Public School. That is, these are the three links which form the union of Church and State in the United States. From the adop-tion of the Constitution until lately, it has ever been the just pride of this Nation, that in its form of government, Church and State were wholly separate; and that with religion the State had nothing 'to do, but left that matter just where it rightly belongs, as solely pertaining to the individual's personal rela-tions between himself and God. Within the last few years, however, there has been a not-able change of view in regard to this subject, in both its phases, especially on the part of prominent theologians and would-be church-leaders. One class of these insist that the propaga-tion of religious opinions is an essential pre-rogative of civil government, and therefore they with "undying enthusiasm " are deter-mined to have the National Constitution and laws so altered as to make their views effect-ive. Of this class the leaders of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the Na-tional Reform Association are the representa- tives. The other class insist that in this Government there is already a union of Church and State. Of these Dr. Schaff is the principal one, and this article in the Homiletic Review is his statement of the case. It would be an easy task to show the causes of this change of base on the part of the Church and State religionists, but we shall not enter upon that at this time. We want to notice Dr. Schaff's " Links " He starts out with this proposition::Š "A total separation of Church and State is. an impossibility; unless we cease to be a Christian people." He offers not a particle of proof in support of this statement, while proof is the very thing that is most needed. He assumes that the people of the United States are Christians, while not one in ten of them are Christians. The Doctor ought to have offered some proof; assumptions are not proof. But granting his assumption that this is a Christian people, and this a Christian Nation, his proposition is yet defective, because he says that, that be-ing so, "A total separation of Church and State is an impossibility." However, to call this defective is not enoughŠit is totally wrong. For the precept of Christ does make a total separation of Church and State. The word of Christ is, "Render unto Owsar the things which are Csar's; and unto God the things that are God's." There is no question at all that by the term "Caesar" the Sav-iour means the StateŠthe civil government. Here duty lies in two directionsŠto God and to the State. To each is to be rendered that which is hisŠto God that which is God's, to the State that which is the State's. Now the church of Christ is God's; that which is ren-dered to the church is rendered to God, be-cause it is " the church of the living God." The church is not Caesar's, it is God's. That which pertains to the church does not and cannot pertain to the State; that .which is to be rendered to the church is not to be, and cannot be, rendered to the State; because the.  church is- God's, and that which is God's must be rendered to him and not to the State. Therefore it is demonstrated that in these words the Lord Jesus has totally, and forever, separated the church from the State. And therefore Doctor Schaff's proposition is con-trary to- the word of Christ. Doctor Schaff counts marriage as one of the connecting links that unite Church and State. But this is impossible without making mar-riage a sacrament of the church and confining to that, as the Papacy has assumed the power to do, and so to count all marriages as only concubinage which are not solemnized by the church. But this it is impossible to do, be-cause marriage belongs to the race. It no more -belongs to Christians than to pagans. It is an original institution, and knows no distinc-tions. It belongs equally to atheists, infidels, Jews, heathen, and ChristiansŠall alike, and to one class no more than to another. And as the institution belongs to .all- classes that can be found in civil government; Tand as it. relates to man in his relations to his fellow-men; its regulation is properly within the province 