'PETE AMERICAN .SENTINEL. 221 England has this recognition in her laws, and has had it ever since the days of Henry the Eighth. He became enraged at the Pope of Rome because he would not give him a divorce from his lawful wife, in order that he might marry an-other that was more to his fancy, and assumed to himself the prerogatives of head of the church in England. Every thing that law could do to cause England to conform to the ideas of National Re-form has been carefully done. And yet the Prince of Wales, who, according to the law, will be head of the Church of England, should he ever come to the throne, was not deterred by all these Na-tional Reform principles from gambling, and being one of the chief factors in a leading scandal among the modern nobil-ity. It would seem that a glimmer of light had broken in upon the Christian Nation. It is to be hoped that it may con-tinue to ponder this question, till it will not only see men as trees walking, but till it will be able to see clearly. A. 0. TAIT. True to First Principles. THE Independent, of June 25, says that on Thursday, June 11, the Rev. S. Hop-kins Emery, of the Massachusetts Legis-lature, the only clergyman, and the oldest member of the House, offered the follow-ing, which was unanimously adopted ;Š WHEREAS, Massachusetts has always been true to the pilgrim spirit, which planted the Old Colony and laid the foundation of this grand Republic; Therefore, In the opinion of this House, it is meet and proper that in the coming World's Co-lumbian Exposition, in the city of Chicago, this State should make manifest to the world in every possible manner, the prevailing sentiment of the people on the subject of the observance of the Lord's day as it is expressed by public statute and practice of the inhabitants of the commonwealth, There seems to be a sentiment quite deeply rooted in the minds of a goodly number of men that if the Exposition can only be closed on Sunday, and the so-called American Sabbath thus fairly pre-sented to the visitors from the Old World, that it will have a magic effect upon them, break down all their infidelity, and bring them at once to acknowledge the all-suffi-cient good to be found in Christianity. If the managers of the Exposition see fit to close its gates on Sunday no one can, with propriety, object. If the majority of the exhibitors see fit to close it, it is certainly their unqualified privilege. But if the State steps in and lends its sanction to a religious dogma, by closing the gates on that day, one fails to see where the great impression of sanctity will be enforced upon the mind of the visitor to the Fair, especially as he sees so much lawlessness and general debauchery and wickedness, not only in Chicago, but in all the cities of our commonwealth. It might answer for the washing of the outside of the cup and platter, or the garnishing of the tombs  of the fathers, but it would only make the extortion and excess that abounds every-where all the more apparent; because the thinking man would be sure to contrast the hypocrisy of such a scheme with the abounding wickedness seen in every part of our land. The Fourth Century over Again. THE following information is sent out under the heading, " A Systematic Cru-sade against Sunday Opening of the World, s Fair," dated at Chicago, May 14 :Š The International Young Men's Christian Asso-ciation proposes to go into the crusade against the opening of the World's Fair on the Sabbath day, with might and main. Every secretary in this country, as well as in Canada, has agreed to ad-dress a letter to the National Commission and the Board of Directors asking that the Fair be closed. In addition, every intending exhibitor, no matter in what country, is to be personally addressed and asked to make his or her participation contingent upon Sunday closing. In addition to this, Chris-tian workers throughout the world are to be asked to bring their influence to bear upon the respon-sible authorities during the next twelve months. In this we see simply history repeating itself. Neander tells us that at a church convention held at Carthage, in 401, the bishops passed a resolution to send up a petition to the emperor, praying, " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and from feast-days to some other days of the week." And the reason, he says, why they passed this resolution, was, not that they feared the shows would be a financial failure if open on Sunday, or that the empire would come to ruin therefor, but " the people congregate more to the circus than to the church, and it is not fitting that Chris-tians should gather at the spectacles, since the exercises there are contrary to the precepts of God; and if they are not open, the Christians would attend more to things divine." So,  in this latter case, this International Young Men's Christian Association that is soliciting the co-operation of " Chris-tian workers throughout the world " in an effort to have the World's Fair closed on Sunday, is not afraid that the Fair will be a failure if open on Sunday, or this Government come to naught if it should be, but its leaders are afraid, if open, it would be much better patronized than the churches ; and hence they wish the Fair closed on Sunday, and thus corral the people in the chtirches. But the spirit which demands such means to get people to act religiously, will, if necessary to carry its point, resort to compulsory meas-ures; and as the efforts of the ambitious but unregenerate bishops of the fourth century resulted in a union of Church and State, so will the like efforts of these later churchmen in the nineteenth century re-sult in the same thing. No civil government has any commis-sion to administer the divine law. Sunday Labor in the Colonies. THE agitation making for the bolstering up of Sunday observance by special legis-lation is felt throughout the colonies, as well as in this country and Europe and America. The Colonial Secretary having been appealed to by the Superintendent of Missions to Seamen in Hong-Kong regard-ing Sunday labor in the harbors of the Eastern Crown colonies, addressed some inquiries on the subject to the governors of these colonies. The Governor of Hong-Kong did not see his way to enforce the compulsory observance of Sunday in these cases, while the Governor of the Straits brought the matter to the notice of the employers with a view to minimize this class of labor as much as possible. Sub-sequently the Governor of Hong-Kong did the same, but the local Chamber of Com-merce was unable to suggest any scheme for the purpose, while the answer from Singapore was much to the same effect. Thereupon Lord Knutsford addressed a circular to the governors of all the col-onies, inquiring whether there was Sun-day labor in the docks and wharves of their ports, and whether there was any prohibitive legislation on the subject. In the majority of the colonies there is no legislation against Sunday labor, but in fact the loading and discharging of steam-ers is not carried on save in cases of urgency, or of mail steamers. In some colonies this is prohibited by local ordi-nance, unless the customs authorities con-sent. In several colonies the well-known Act 29 Charles II., c. 7, "for the observa-tion of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," is in force by virtue of local laws, or enactments of a similar character exist. But whether there are such laws or not, labor in the docks and wharves on Sunday in urgent cases is permitted, and nowhere does there appear to be any combination amongst the workmen against it. Lord Knutsford having suggested to the Governor of Hong-Kong the insertion in all government contracts of a provision that work under them should not be car-ried Out on Sundays except in very urgent cases and under special authority, Sir William des Vceux replied that he has done so, although he does not approve of the suggestion. It deprives laborers, whose wages are already scanty enough, of the results of a day's work a week, and forces idleness upon them. The conse-quence, he predicts, will be an increase in crime. On the whole, Lord Knutsford's efforts do not seem to have been very suc-cessful. The manager of one great dock in Singapore quotes for his admonition a passage from " England's Greatest His-torian," on the mischief of governments interfering in private enterprise, and the Governor of St. Helena tells him that the Act against Sunday labor existing there ought to be repealed, and that the colon-ists think so.ŠPresent Truth, London. 