354 AMERICAN SENTINEL. there arose another generation after them, which knew not the Lord, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel. "And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord, and served Baalim: and they forsook the Lord God of their fathers, which brought them out of the land of Egypt, and followed other gods, of the gods of the people, that were round about them, and bowed them-seltes unto them, and provoked the Lord to anger. And they forsook the Lord, and served Baal and Ash-taroth." Then all, the evils that came upon them only as the result of their apostasy and idolatry, they charged back upon the government of God. In their unbelief and apos-tasy, they could see in the continued raids of the heathen, by which their country was sacked, and themselves were oppressed, only evidence that for all practical purposes the government of God had failed. They therefore reached the conclusion "that in order to maintain their standing among the nations, the tribes must be united under a strong central government. As they departed from obedience to God's law, they desired to be freed from the rule of their divine Sovereign; and thus the demand for a monarchy became widespread throughout Israel." Accordingly, they said to Samuel, "Make us a king to judge us, like all the nations." .8s their hearts were fully set on having a king like all the nations; and as practically they were much like all the nations anyhow; the best thing the Lord could do for them was to let them have their king. Nevertheless he said to Samuel, "Protest solemnly unto them." Samuel did so, but still they insisted "Nay; but we will have a king over us; that we also may be like all the nations; and that our king may judge us, and go out be-fore us, and fight our battles for us." And of it all the Lord said to Samuel, "They have not rejected thee; but THEY HAVE REJECTED ME, that I should not reign over them." And Samuel said to them, " YE HAVE THIS DAY REJECTED YOUR GOD . . . and have said unto him, Nay; but set a king over us." It was the same story of Babylon, Assyria, and Egypt, over again. When they knew God they glorified him not as God. And as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, the arch-deceiver seduced them into idolatry, and from idolatry into monarchy, in order that he might gain supremacy over them, and by worldly in-fluence entice them, or by force prohibit them, from the service of God. It was to save them,  from all this that the Lord had said of them, "The people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." If they had remained faithful to this principle, there never would have been amongst Israel a State or a king-dom. Therefore, in announcing this principle, God intended forever that they should be completely separated from any such thing as a State or kingdom on the earth. And as when that word was spoken they were "the  church," it is absolutely 'certain that in announcing that principle, God intended to teach them and all people for-ever that his plainly declared will is that there shall be a complete separation between his church and every State or kingdom on the earth : that there shall never be any connection between his religion and any State or kingdom,  in the world. And further: As that people were then the church;. and as the Lord said they rejected him when they formed that State and kingdom; it is perfectly plain by the word of the Lord that whenever the church forms any connec-tion with any State or kingdom on the earth, in the very doing of it she rejects God. And from ancient time all this was written for the ad-monition of those upon whom the ends of the world are-come. Will the people to-day be admonished by it? 0-0-4 GREAT BRITAIM'S interest in the cause of international arbitration is indicated, it is said, by an appropriation for the present year of $109,190,000 for the construction of marine engines of war. The Mission of the American Sentinel. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL stands in defense of a prin-ciple, and that is why the paper exists. From the day it was established it has been an uncompromising advocate of the absolute separation of religion from the State, not in name only, but in fact. This is a question that con-cerns every intelligent person in every land under the sun. Government and religion are both essential, but the spheres of action of each are sharply circumscribed. One presides over the realm of conscience, taking cogni-zance of the thoughts and intents of the heart; the other deals with overt acts. beyond which it cannot go. One leads the individual to do right because it is right, the other restrains him from evil through fear of punishment or hope of reward. Every individual is endowed, by the Creator with cer-tain inalienable rights. Government is simply a compact entered into whereby the united strength of the majority is exercised in the maintenance of these rights againstŁ  the encroachments of selfishness and greed. One of these rights is the freedom to worship or not to worship God, according to the dictates of conscience. Jesus Christ, the author of Christianity, gave this liberty of thought and action to all his followers; but this privilege many who have claimed to be his disciples, have refused to their fel-lows. They have read from his teachings, and from their interpretation of them have formulated a creed. Every-thing that disagrees with this is wrong, as they view it. Failing by argument to convince those who differ from them, they have sought to invoke the arm of the law to compel an outward acknowledgment under penalty of physical punishment. At best this can Only make hypo- 