MAY 21, 1896. .A.MCIMELICAN 165 there is liberty. He is to be felt only where there is fraternity. He is declared only where there is integrity. " Liberty" and " Fratern-ity " and " Integrity " are the bigger names of God. Says Emerson, " If you want to save the name of God multiply its synonyms." Says Bartol, " I sometimes love to say 'Allah' that I may escape the word and find the thing." If there was any uncertainty as to God's relation to the Constitution of the United States as first passed, that ambiguity was settled in the very first amendment which came in force in 1791, five years after the adoption of the Constitution, which runs as follows :Š Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition the Govern-ment for a redress of grievances. God Already Recognized in the Constitution. Pat these words with the high words of the original Preamble, viz., "To establish justice," " to insure domestic tranquility," " to pro-mote the general welfare," " to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity," and we have recognition of God which the amendment proposed belittles and dwarfs. . . . The United States began in the Declaration of 1776 that declared " all men free and equal." In its Constitution of 1786 it pledged itself to "justice and liberty." In 1791 it bound itself anew to the divine law of liberty by declaring that no "establishment of religion should ever be enforced by law and no prohibition of the free exercise thereof should ever be countenanced." For that nation now to incorporate these ambiguous phrases into its Constitution would be to prove recreant to its high claim, disloyal to all its last pledges. The Promoters of the Amendment Frankly Admit Intolerance: I am not asserting more than is warranted concerning these phrases. Before the Judici-ary Committee, these people in whose interest and by whose request the amendment was in-troduced, frankly admitted that they desired to make this Government organically a "Chris-tian" government and when asked by one of the representatives, whether under this amend-ment a Mohammedan or a Jew could consist-ently qualify for a seat in the legislative halls of the nation, they frankly admitted that they did not see how he could. When asked if logically under this amendment a Jew or Seventh-day Baptist who religiously interprets the Bible as making Saturday the seventh day of the week the holy day and not Sunday the first day of the week, could be permitted to exercise their religious conscience by resting on the seventh and working on the first day, their answer was, " Yes, if it was indoors or out of sight where it could not offend Chris-tian conscience." Question,Š" Could such a one plow corn in his own corn field on Sun-day ?" Answer,Š" I doubt if he could. I do not think he ought to be allowed to." Let Us Rise to Where God Is. Let us leave unanswered the pitable conclu-sion. Let us rise above this soul-cramping discussion. Let us flee the battle of words. If these are the methods by which God is to be established in the hearts of men and his will to be incorporated in the statutes of our land, let us rise to some " Godless " heights where God is. Let us flee the word that we may be in communion with the infinite spirit, forget our Saxon speech and give over the attempt to articulate the sonorous Hebrew. We do  not know how to say it in Sanskrit. Greek and Latin may be dead languages to us. Let us for the time being confess that we have no name for the nameless Power that reveals himself most mightily in our passion to be like himself, boundless, free; reveals himself most powerfully in the age-long hunger for equity, in the thirst for justice. If this is the establishment of "Christ's kingdom among nations" let us flee to some Christless realm where cross and creed fade and fail that the blessed brother of Nazareth may speak to us as he did to that hungry hearted water carrier of Samaria, " Verily I say unto you, not in this mountain nor in Jerusalem will ye wor-ship the Father, for God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." A Phrase More Mocking than " This Is the King of the Jews." Irreverent hands placed over the thorn-crowned form on the cross, the scoffing legend, " This is the King of the Jews," and the helpless limbs and bleeding side testified to the irony. Has it come to this, that at the end of nineteen centuries, well-meaning and reverent hands will place over that brow still bleeding, the more mocking phrase, "This is the Ruler of Nations"? He the non-com-batant, the "Ruler of Nations," whose boasted strength lies in their death-dealing arma-ments, their floating warships and bayoneted battalions ? He who said, " Blessed are the peace makers," the "Ruler of Nations" whose boast is war ? He whose doctrine of brother-hood was exemplified in the parable of the good Samaritan, the " Ruler of Nations" whose splendor rests upon inadequately paid labor and the iniquitous distribution of the products of labor ? He, the compassionate, who raised the sinful from the dust, wrote the record of her sins in. the tide-washed sands, but wrote the record of her intrinsic purity, her abiding womanhood with indelible ink upon the everlasting heart of humanity, the " Ruler of Nations " resting in debauch-ery where woman's virtue is made to witness to man's arrogant pride, the persistent tears of the one matched with the arrogant smiles of the other ? And again, think of God's revealed will the supreme authority in civil affairs" ? Get the " revealed will " from any source you choose, who dares say God's will is revealed in civil affairs until civil affairs themselves assume more Godlike aspects ? We Want the Things, not the Name. After all, my heart warms to these stalwart Presbyterians. Their desire is our desire. We want " God in the Constitution," but we want the things, not the name. We want justice, sacred justice, God's rectitude and equity which it is the expressed purpose of the Constitution to establish, established. We want the general welfare which it prom-ises to promote, promoted; and this is realiz-ing the God already in the Constitution. For if not, God is not justice and liberty. If he does not " vouchsafe the general wel-fare," then we want this something more than God in the Constitution, and we can have it by realizing the splendid ideals of the fathers set forth in the Preamble of our Constitution as it is. I do not know what a " Christian " nation may be or may not be. I have never dared used the word " Christianity " in your presence without some explanation or inter-pretation, because I am always afraid that un-less thus guarded, " Christianity may be so interpreted that there is something bigger than Christianity, something more fraternal, something more loving, something more pa- tient, a religion more hospitable to the kind-ling words which have thrilled the non-Chris-tian world, something more conscious of the pathos revealed in the blind gropings of the myriad pagans who also have stumbled on altar stairs and climbed with naked, bleeding knees the ragged rocks that lead to the temple heights of self-sacrifice; to-day I mean this something larger, and this nation means something larger. Equal Right for AILŠChristian, Jew, Mo-hammedan, Pagan, Infidel. This never has been and God grant that it may never be a nation that in its statute books, its economic privileges, its intellectual horizon or in its ethnic hospitality, is rimmed by the historic reality or the ecclesiastical and the theological ideal known as "Christianity," for scarcely does Jesus of Nazareth come within the pale of. this Christianity. Cer-tainly the Jew and the Samaritan, Greek, Roman, Moslem, and Buddhist, aye, the commonplace unideal familiar neopagan on our streets, the infidel and the agnostic, the skeptic and the scientist, and still more the poor everyday, threadbare sinner of the avenue or the alley,Šthose men and women whom we know and deal with, they, thousands of them, are not Christian either in a theologi-cal, an ethical, or philosophic sense, but they are members of the great family of man and citizens of the United States of America They must be protected by its laws, must be eligible to its privileges on the same footing as every other citizen. A million lives were sacrificed to vindicate this principle of liberty in the United States on its physical and corporeal side. We struck the manacles from off the black limbs un-der the inspiration of the ideal set forth in the Constitution of the United States. There are ten times one million men who will lay down their lives rather than allow the shackles that were struck off from black limbs to be fastened to white souls in this country. If there be but one Moslem whose heart is moved to celestial beatings by the word, the fame or the name of Mohammed within the limits of these United States, the entire resources of the Government from the President down to the humblest policeman on our streets, is at the service of that Mohammdean to secure his God-given rights as written in the constitu-tion of men, the constitution of the universe first, and in the Constitution of the United States afterwards. Let me not be theoretic or fanciful. If there is but one hard-headed, and if you please hard-hearted infidel who by the best use of his judgment and honest re-sources of his own soul, is compelled to say, " I know no God, I honor no Jesus, and I have found no Bible," still that man in his isolation, in his mental barrenness and spiritual poverty, if you will, is a citizen of the United States with a right to his opinion, a right to the liberty of his mind as of his limb, and the United States must guard his rights, else it is a greater infidel and has proven atheistic to its own divine affirmation of God, an affirma-tion made in the most Godlike words that human lips can frame, the most God-revealing words that dictionary has ever yielded; and these words are to-day in the Preamble of our Constitution,Š" Justice" and " Liberty." God is in the Constitution and will stay there until we make it a document of injustice, change it from being a magna charta of spiri-tual liberty, to a petty charter of slavery. We cannot keep God out of the Constitution ex-cept by putting the word " God " into the Constitution in such a way as to infringe upon individual rights, to the menace of spiritual liberty, to the reproach of human brother-hood. 