would be granted to dissenters would probably be deterinined by circumstances. But we will suppose, and indeed it will probably be claimed by many, .that ,the matter would not be carried so far as We have indicated. Possibly not at first. But suppoSe it is only carried so far _as to make the Scriptures, or the law of God, the -fundamental law of the land, would the case then be very much different ? It would not, for.sin that event some author; ity, either the courts as at present consti-tuted, or some tribunal created for that express purpose, would have to decide when legislation had been modeled in ac-cordance with the law of God. This would be absolutely necessary from the fact that even the most ultra National Reformers would not wish to have enforced all the laws contained in the Bible. It is held by everybody that many of these statutes were only for the Jews. Hence if the Bible were to be the fundamental law of the land, the courts, or the tribunal cre-ated for that purpose, would have to de-cide what principles of the Bible should be followed in molding our legislation; and then when laws had been passed, if they were disputed, some tribunal would have to decide whether or not these laws were in accordance with the law of God. This the National Reformers have them-selves declared they would not permit the courts to do, but that the churches would decide such questions, and then the civil Government would enforce their decisions. But it may be objected that the National Reformers are comparatively few in num-bers, that their views are radical and ultra, and can never be adopted in this country. Let us examine that proposition a little. Twenty-seven years ago, when the National Reform Association was first organized, it was few in numbers and exerted very little influence. Since that time it has grown both in membership and in influence, until now it numbers among its many vice - presidents, senators, governors of States, judges of supreme courts, editors of newspapers, judges of district courts, presidents of colleges, besides many otter leading men. But more than all this, it now has several powerful allies which it did not have five years ago, viz., the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the Prohi-bition party, and the American Sabbath Union, while no inconsiderable part of the Farmers' Alliance is looking in the same direction, as is indicated by action taken in the Osceola meeting. * Perhaps none of these organizations are at present in favor of going quite as far as are the National Reformers themselves, but they advocate the same principles, and whether they realize it or not, when *The National Alliance at Osceola, Fla., adopted the follow-ing:resolution: `;` We, the National Farmers' Alliance of Amer-ica, believing that obedience and veneration for the laws of God are the conserving and saving forces of human Government, do hereby respectfully request that the directors of the great national Fair, to be held in 1892, do not desecrate the. American .abbath by keeping open the gates of the exhibition on the Lord's Day." 50 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. once' started on the National Reform road it will be impossible for them-_ to stop short of the logical conclusion,  without repudiating the very principles which they now hold dear. The case of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will illus-trate this. They have declared that it is their object to make Christ "this world's king," " king of its courts, its camps, its politics," and that his will is to govern all things. That is simply putting into a little more poetidal language the declaration of the National Reformers themselves, that the Bible shall be the fundamental law of the land, and everything that logically follows such a course as that would follow the other. Again, many will object to classing the Prohibition party with the National Re-formers, but as we regard it, that is where they belong. They have repeatedly declared in their platforms, both State and na-tional, . in favor of Sabbath legislation, and for such a recognition of religion as would make it necessary for our courts to decide religious questions. They have not gone so far, it is true, as either of the other organizations referred to, but they are in a fair way, sooner or later, to reach the same conclusion. In fact, they must do it or repudiate past utterances. As to the American Sabbath Union, so called, it is so closely identified with the National Reform Association that none can deny that its tendency is in the same direction. It advocates governmental in-terference in matters of religion; and alto- Ł gether the organizations named form a gigantic religious combination to effect a political object; and this, a committee of of the United States Senate declared in 1828 was dangerous. The question then up for consideration was a petition to suspend the carrying of the mails on Sunday. The committee in reporting on that petition said :Š Extensive religious combinations to effect a polit-ical object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls tor the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizen. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. This was true then; it is none the less true now. But this is not all ; if it were, the danger would be small indeed compared with what it really is. It may be thought by some that if even Protestant sects could unite to carry out a scheme of this kind, it would be impossible for Protestants and Catholics to unite in it. So it seemed a few years ago, but times change, and peo-ple with them, and religious bigotry as well as politics makes strange bedfellows. In an article in the Christian Statesman of August 31, 1881, Rev. Sylvester Scovel, writing of the desirability-  of uniting with  Roman Catholics for the purpose of secur-ing so-called National Reform, said :Š We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first profferi, and the time.  has not yet come when the Roman :-Church will consent to strike hands with other Churches;  as such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-operation in any .form in which they-may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situ-ation. The same sentiment was expressed by the Christian Statesman, December 11, 1884, in these words : ," Whenever they [the Catholics] are willing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political athe-ism, we will gladly join hands with them." This shows what Protestants are willing to do. ' But let us see how the Catholics look at this. We have their answer given in the Baltimore Congress of 1889. In the platform adopted by that Congress, the Catholics say :Š There are many Christian issues in which the Catholics could come together with non-Catholics and shape civil legislation for the public good. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overreaching zealotry, we should seek an alliance with the non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance. When two parties are so earnestly seek-ing each other, there can be no-question but that they will soon come together. For the purpose of " resisting political atheism," by which they mean the secular theory of government, which has been, thus far, the prevailing one in this coun-try, the Catholics and Protestants, so called, are now virtually one; for they have the same object in view. And that the possibility of such a union is not an " iridescent dream," but a stern reality is demonstrated by the fact stated in the January number of Otr Day, namely, that in the recent Sunday-law campaign in Los Angeles, California, " the entire Catholic clergy was brought into co-oper-ation," with the Rev. Edward Thompson, a Protestant minister, and Pacific Coast Secretary of American Sabbath Union, and with other Protestants associated with him. If in 1828 there was danger in a combination formed by some sixty thousand Protest-ants to accomplish a political object, viz., the discontinuance of mails on Sunday, how much greater is the danger when over eight million Catholics unite with an equal if not larger' number of Protestants, to de-mand, 'not only the discontinuance of the mails on Sunday, but that the Constitution of the Nation shall be molded "according to the principles of the church." There is danger; and not the least daa-ger lies, as before intimated, in, the fact of the indifference of those who, while not in sympathy with this National Reform scheme, do not actively oppose it, and think that it can never amount to any-thing. Americans would do well to re-member that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." 'C. P. B. RELIGION is a terrible arm when di-rected by the passions." 