MAY 30, 1895. THE WISCONSIN SUNDAY LAW. [From Die Rundschau* (Chicago), May 1.] THE Wisconsin Sunday law is not as harm-less as was recently maintained by the Ger-mania. We at least did not find " that with the utmost care it sought only the civil Sun-day rest." On the contrary, nothing distin-guishes it from the Sunday laws of other States. Even the superscription " Violation of the Sabbath," is suspicious and makes it a religious law. But its several actions too' are of a similar nature. It prohibits and punishes "any manner of labor, business, or work, except only works of necessity and charity," also the ;presence of any person " at any dancing or public diversion, show, or entertainment," and the participation " in any sport, game, or play, on the first day of the week." One need not have any great powers of perception in order to see that thereby Sunday is made a :holy day by the State of Wisconsin, on which day things the State allows of on other days are criminal, and the permission to perform on Sunday " only works of necessity and char-ity"" makes this yet more patent. 'Tis the soLcalled Anglo-American Sabbath idea en-tertaiaed and fostered by almost all " Protes-t tant" sects of this country, that finds its expression also in the Sunday law of Wis-consin. But when the Germania says, " Our Wis-consin' law explicitly defines that any person observing any other day of the week as the Sabbath may perform his daily occupation and work to his heart's content on Sunday, " then this sentence yet more clearly proves her to be in error with this her opinion. The section of the law under discussion lit-erally reads as follows: "Any person who con-scientiously believes that the seventh, or any other day of the week, ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, may perform secular labor and business on the first day of the week, unless he shall willfully dis-turb thereby some other person, or some reli-gious assembly on. said day." This exemp-' tion clause plainly shows what ought to be one's opinion of the entire Sunday law. A law granting exceptions in order not to con-flict with the inalienable rights of man and the conscientious convictions of certain people must necessarily be wrong and unjust. Be-sides this clause evidently grants only tolera-tiOn and not freedom of conscience. It puts certain people, together with their religious convictions, 'in an exemption position over against the StateŠin a position they enjoy not by nature and by right, but which is granted them first by an act of grace on the part of the State. Ł But according to the fundamental principle of American jurisprudence, the citizens of this Republic enjoy ,from the very beginning com-plete religious liberty, which they can demand as their right solemnly granted them in the " Declaration of Rights," and which may not first be granted them by a legislature as a special privilege. And, finally, the State of Wisconsin by this exemption clause claims jurisdiction over the consciences and the belief of its citizens, in that it grants only such the benefit of this exemp-tion as "xonscientiously believe" they ought to observe another day than the first "as the Sabbath." Thereby at the same time silently admitting the Sunday law to have been en-acted in the favor of those " conscientiously believing " that Sunday ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and that, therefore, considera- * Translated by Rev. Oscar Goelz, Gretna, La. tions of a religious nature prompted and enforced the same. Sunday laws, together with their exemption clauses, have, evidently indeed, this object, to effect the observance of a church ordinance and to coerce the con-sciences. In fine, the Germania can make-as little of a showing with the Sunday law of Wisconsin, as, for example, the Rundschau, could with that of Illinois. -4Ł-Ł THE LORD'S INTERPRETATION OF THE SECOND COMMANDMENT VS. THE RO- MAN CATHOLIC INTERPRETATION. THE Monitor finds great fault with the AMERICAN SENTINEL for having in its head-piece a picture of the Bartholdi statue of liberty enlightening the world. It declares that this is a violation of the second com-mandment; and that therefore we are incon-sistent in insisting on the observance of the Sabbath while breaking the second command-ment. Here is the argument of the Monitor: On its title page it [the AMERICAN SENTINEL] has a picture of a'graven image made to represent the goddess of liberty. This graven image is set up in New York harbor contrary to the laws which the Almighty gave to Moses, and which are as binding as the law con-cerning the Sabbath day. "Thou shalt not make unto thee a graven image, nor the likeness of any form that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them : for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, upon the third and upon the'fourth generation of them that hate me: and shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments." Surely this commandment is as clear as the com-mandment concerning the Sabbath. It is an open and explicit prohibition against the making of images, and against honoring them in any way. There are no exceptions. All images are tabu. How then can the Americanf Sentinel continue to violate this command- ment by retaining Bartholdi's statue. in its head-piece, especially as it is crying woe and desolation against Christendom for breaking the ordinance concerning the Sabbath day ? After the outcome of the Monitor's emphatic decisioh as to who may have "got as far as hic haec hoc" in " so simple a language as the Latin," it may not be positively irreverent for us to suggest that its exposition of the second commandment is not correct. "All images" are not " tabu," and never were. For imme-diately after the giving of this commandment by the Lord, the Lord himself gave the follow-ing directions with regard to the building of the sanctuary :Š "Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering. . . . And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them. According to all that I show thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye snake it. . . And thou shalt make two cherubim of gold, of beaten work shalt thou make them, in the two ends of the mercy seat. . . . And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim." "And thou shalt make a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubim shall it be made." Ex. 25: 2-22; 26: 31. After all this had been done, again there is this record :Š And the Lord said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole. . Ł . And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole. Num. 21:8, 9. And when the temple took the place of the tabernacle, it also was built according to the plan and pattern given to David by the Spirit of God, and which was written out by the hand of the Lord upon David for the guidance  of Solomon in the building of the temple. 1 Chron. 28: 11, 12, 19. And of this it is written:Š Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the house of God. . . . He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, and the walls thereof, and the door thereof, with gold ; and graved cherubim on the walls. . . . And in the most holy house he made two cherubim of image work, and overlaid them with gold. . . . And he made the vail of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine linen, and wrought cherubim thereon. 2 Chron. 3: 3-14. This is evidence enough to show that the sweeping interpretation of the second com-mandment given by the Monitor is directly contradictory to the plain word of the Lord. And all this time, too, the Lord was " crying woe and desolation against . Israeldom for breaking the ordinance concerning the Sab-bath day." But the Monitor says to the Lord in that case as certainly as to us: " There are no exceptions. All images are tabu." How then could the Lord continue to violate this commandment by retaining images of cheru-bim in and all about the most holy place of his worship, especially as he was " crying woe and desolation against Israeldom for breaking the ordinance concerning the Sabbath day " ? But was the Lord right ? or is the Monitor right ? Which ? Is the Lord's interpretation of the commandment correct ? or is the Monti-itor's interpretation correct ? It is true that the second commandment does forbid the making of all manner of images or likenesses of things to be bowed down to, to be feared, to be reverenced, or to be in any way served. This is true of images made at the direction of the Lord as well as images made altogether in the imagination of men. This is shown by the fact that when Israel showed reverence to that brazen serpent and burned incense to it, it was broken to pieces before them and called, as it was, only "a piece of brass." 2 Kings 18:4..And when Israel came to attach virtue to the temple and to trust in it, the Lord brought up the Chaldeans who stripped the temple of its gold, left the temple in ruins, carried the people captive, and made the land desolate. Jer. 7: 4-15. Among images or likenesses so used there are indeed " no exceptions." All images of all sorts so used, or in any such way regarded, are indeed " tabu." All such use of images and likenesses of any persons or things is idolatry. And such is precisely the use which is made of images and likenesses by Catholics everywhere. We make no charge of inconsistency, how-ever, against Catholics in their bowing down to graven images, likenesses, etc., for they both bow down to images and put away the Sabbath day. They disregard both the second and the fourth commandments. There is no room there for any charge of inconsistency. The thing is sheer, straight idolatry and abandon-ment of the God of heaven and earth. OUR LEGISLATORS SEE IT. BY C. L. BOYD, NASHVILLE, TENN. FOR years in the past the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL has been faithfully crying aloud to our municipal, State, and national legislators, and to the people at large. It has stood as a bold sentinel, guarding the religious liberty of the whole people. It has also acted as an educator, teaching the principles of liberty in the broad-est, deepest, and highest sense of the sacred term. Among those who indorse the righteous principles of liberty therein taught, I am proud to mention some at least of our Tennessee 