'THE" SENTINEL OF LIBERTY." 627 enumerates as among those unalienable rights which governments are instituted to preserve. This truth is inculcated by the apostle when he exhorts that prayer be made for those who are in authority " that we may lead quiet and peaceable lives in all godli-ness and honesty." It follows as a logical conclusion from the prin-ciples laid down that the Christian's true attitude toward civil government is submission in all things civil; rendering to Caesar the things that are C-sar's, and to God the things that are God's. But to do this, that is, to render to God that which belongs to God, he Who would render it, must, in the things rendered to God, be absolutely independent of any human authority. In those things his allegiance must be to God alone. As a matter of history, we find that this has always been the attitude of the servants of God. This was the case with Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, who, for refusing to bow before the great image in the plain of Dura, were cast into the fiery furnace. It was also the case with Daniel, who, though prime minister of the em-pire, disobeyed a " law " of the king. It was also the case with Peter and John, who, when com-manded by the magistrates contrary to the word of the Lord, answered, "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we can but speak the things which we have seen and heard." In all these cases the civil rulers sought to usurp authority which belonged alone to God, and the servants of God refused obedience and submitted to the punishment inflicted, protesting, however, against the injustice,, and maintaining their inno-cence while declaring boldly their purpose not to yield to Csar the things that belong to God. The same course was pursued by Christians until apostasy began to corrupt the primitive simplicity of the gospel. The followers of Christ ever yielded cheerful obedience to all in authority in all civil matters, but they went to the block and the stake rather than yield an iota of their soul-liberty. So persistent were they in maintaining individual re-sponsi)ility  directly to God, that their teaching upc/n this subject so permeated, the, Roman Empire that by the year A. D. 319, the most perfect religious freedom that 'ever existed under any government except our own, was granted in Rome, and was en-joyed by all, both pagans and Christians, until apos-tate Christians themselves sought to established in  Rome a man-made theocracy and denied to others the very rights which only a few years before they had claimed for themselves. And, in so doing they violated not only the principles for which they had formerly contended, but they set at nought the fun-damental law of Christianity itself, as laid down by its Author:. "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." ENFORCING THE SUNDAY LAW IN CHICAGO. ON a recent Sunday two men, were arrested in this city for selling horses on that day. Why the arrests were made is not clear. The selling was done in a Jewish quarter, hence it would be difficult to make, it appear that the public peace was disturbed; and according to the Supreme Court of the State the Sunday statue derives what little validity it has only from the inherent right of a commonwealth to preserve the peace. In delivering the opinion of the court in the case of William S. Eden vs. The People of the State of Illinois, at Springfield, May 12, 1896, Mr. Justice Craig said: "The common law of ;England, as adopted in this as a part of our jurisprudence, does not prohibit the citizen from pursuing his ordinary labor on Sun-day, nor is a contract entered into between two par-ties in this State void because executed on Sunday. (Rex. vs. Brotherton, I Strange, 702; Drury vs. De-fontaine, I Taunt., 131; Sayles vs. Smith, 12 Wend., 57; Richmond vs. Moore, 107 Ill., 429.) On the other hand, at common law Sunday has always been re-garded dies non juridicusŠa% day upon which courts could not transact other than necessary or minis-terial business. In England, however, the law which permitted the transaction of business and the pursuit of one's ordinary labor was changed by statute (29 Char. II), which provides that no tradesman, artif-icer, workman, laborer, or other person whatso-ever shall do or exercise any worldly business or work on the Lord's day,' works of necessity and charity being excepted. "This statute has been substantially adopted by the legislatures of many of the States of the Union. This State has-  not, however, followed the other States in the adoption of the English statute, but we have legislated 'on this subject for ourselves in a man-ner thought to be for the best interests of our people. That legislation will be found in Ł  paragraph 261 of our Criminal Code as follows: Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of so,- 