212 1-4  Fin AMERICAN SENTINEL. of closing saloons on Sunday is virtually an argu-ment that it is the peculiar character of the day that makes intemperance wrong. Then comes their plea that unnecessary work on Sunday is so very injurious to the health and morals of the people. It is a strange physiological theory that any unnecessary strain on the muscles or brain can be more hurtful on one day than on another; but such is the muddle in which they become in-volved who attempt to turn everything into a bolster for the Sunday-sacredness dogma. Yet true to National Reform inconsistency, these Sunday law crusaders, while deploring the evil effects of unnecessary labor on Sunday, per-sist in paving the way for such labor by making it impossible for the masses to engage in legiti-mate work. There is more unnecessary strain in-dulged on Sunday by many people than would be if they were not otherwise shut up to idleness. 'The Church and the State. 1CIIE subject of the union of Church and State is very imperfectly understood by very many peo- ple. - It has been thought that in order to form such a union some one sect or denomination must be made the State Church ; but a little consider-ation will show any one that such is not the case. The National Reformers say that they do not want a union of Church and State, but a union of relig-ion and the State. In a speech before the Na-tional Reform Convention held in New York City in 1883, Rev. Jonathan Edwards said :Š " We want such a religion, and we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of the State require religion, it shall be the religion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath and the Christian moral-ity shall have, in this land, an undeniable legal basis. We use the word " religion " in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obe-dience to God." But, even in the face of such a statement as this made by one of their prominent leaders, the National Reformers insist that they are opposed to a union of Church and State, but their denial amounts to nothing. Religion and the State is only another name for that unholy alliance be- tween the civil and the ecclesiastical power which has always been an unmitigated curse to both the Church and the State. Everybody admits that Constantine united Church and State. But his first step was (filly to declare Christianity the re-ligion of the Roman Empire ; when he had taken that step, however, it was necessary that he should in some way, define Christianity. Then, as now, those who professed to be Christians were divided, not into organized denominations as at the pres-ent time, but into numerous parties and factions under the leadership of their respective bishops.. Between the extremes there was probably as great a diversity of opionion as exists now between Catholics and Protestants. Besides this there was a multitude of minor differences ; and as the Em-peror had declared the Christian religion to be the religion of Rome, it was necessary that this relig-ion should be defined, and for this purpose a coun-cil was convened at Nice to decide the question as to what constituted the Christian religion. The National Reformers of our own day propose to take similar measures. When the Blair Educational Amendment bill was under discussion a few months since, the ques-tion was asked, how it would be possible to carry it out owing to the diversity of views among Christian people. The answer given by the au-thor of the bill was as follows:Š " I believe that a text-book of instructions in the principles of virtue, morality and the Christian re-ligion can be prepared for use in the public schools by the joint effort of those who represent every branch of the Christian Church, both Protestant and Catholic." Again, Dr. Schaff, in defining what parts of the Bible should be taught in the public schools, says: " A competent committee of clergymen and laymen of all denominations could make a judicious selection which would satisfy every reasonable demand." But to carry out these suggestions would be to do just as Constantine did, convene a council of the representative men of the various-denomina-tions to define the principles of the Christian re-ligion, and with these principles authoritatively de- fined, and with the law on the statute books, and embodied in the Constitution requiring the prin-ciples of the Christian religion to be taught in the public schools, how much would we lack of hav-ing a union of Church and State? True, we might not have a denominational organization known as the State Church, and supported out of the treasury, but we would have practically the same thing, for we would have a creed officially recognized by the Government. There is one phase of this question which is generally lost sight of, and that is the rights of non-church people, or if you please, non-Christian people. The National Reform idea is that every government is a government of God, and that the powers that be derive their power from God, and this not in the sense in which the apostle de-clares that "the powers that be are ordained of God," but in the sense that his law should be the basis of their law, or in other words that men should be governed by the divine law adminis-tered by their fellow-men. "But on the other hand, the Declaration of In-dependence declares that " Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned;" this, however, National Reformers deny. In the Missouri Sunday Convention recently held in Sedalia, Rev. W. D. Gray, the present secre- tary of the Missouri Sabbath Association, used these words :Š " I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." Several men, prominent in National Reform councils, were present on this occasion, but not one of them lifted his voice to disavow this sentiment, and the Association subsequently elected Mr. Gray as its permanent secretary ; hence we are warranted in believing that he voiced the senti-ment of the Association. But if the National Re-formers be correct, and Governments do derive their just powers directly from God, and not from the consent of the governed, and if it is their duty to administer the law of God, it follows that they must decide what that law is, and what it requires; and if they have that right, then all good citizens should yield obedience to whatever decisions they may make. But to assent to such a thing would be to deny God, or at least to place men in the place of God, which amounts to the same thing. The trouble with the whole scheme of National Reform is, that instead of making a man respon-sible to God it makes him responsible to earthly and fallible governments, for if the Government has the right to establish a religion and to define and say what that religion is, as it must do if it gives it any official recognition whatever, it has the right to change that religion, so that with ev-ery change in the Government there may be a change also in the religion. And if it is a duty  the citizen owes to God to yield obedience to the religion of the State, it is equally his duty to change his religion with each change of the Gov-ernment. In short, National Reformers would destroy personal responsibility to God, and make the citizen responsible alone to the State. Instead of looking to the law of God to know what is right and what is wrong, a citizen would have to look to the law of the land, or at least to human in-terpretation of the law of God, to know his duty to God. For instance, under a Catholic govern-ment, it would be the duty of the citizen to adore pictures and images ; while under a Protestant government, it would be sin and crime for him to do the same, thing. The only safe and tenable ground is to declare, as did the Saviour, that those things which are Cmsar's should be rendered to Caosar, and those things which are God's should be rendered to God ; or, in other words, that those duties which we owe to the State should be discharged to the State, and those duties which we owe to God should be discharged to God. In short, that the State can of right have nothing whatever to do with defin-ing or enforcing the individual's duty toward God. Anything more than this puts men in the place of God, because it makes them judges of the divine law and allows them to usurp the place of conscience, and authorizes persecution for con- science' sake. C. P. BOLLMAN. The Uses of a Sunday Law. MRS. J. C. BATEIIAM seems to well understand that their much-coveted Sunday law, when they get it, will amount to nothing in the way of se-curing a satisfactory observance of the day. She says :Š " If we get this law, and we must persevere till we do get it, it will be cause for devout thanksgiving; but we shall still find that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," and it will still rest with us individ-ually, to so use the day as to obey God and the laws, and reap the fullest benefit from the day for ourselves and our families." That is it exactly. No one can be compelled by law to serve God, or to change his belief. Get all the Sunday laws you please, and it will still rest with each person "individually, to so use the day as to obey God and the laws." The only important effects that the law can have are to make hypocrites, and to inaugurate religious persecution. All those who believe in keeping Sunday would keep it without any law,Šif their belief was worth believing, they would even keep it in opposition to law. On the other hand, those who observe the day when they do not believe it is right, show by that very act that they are hyp-ocrites; for any language or action which is contrary to moral conviction, is hypocrisy. A man may be a hypocrite to secure worldly ap-plause, or he may de it to escape the penalty of the law. It is therefore certain that any person who is constrained by civil law to keep Sunday, is influenced by that law to be a hypocrite. But what of those who adhere to their own convictions of duty, regardless of the civil power, and refuse to be made hypocrites by law? Only one thing can be done,Šthe State must inflict the penalty, just as it did upon Daniel and upon his companions. But to inflict temporal punish-meats upon any person for non-conformity to a religious institution, is persecution. Sunday is a religious institution, else it would not be proper to talk about its religious observance. Therefore, the enforcement of a Sunday law is religious per-secution. 