g96 ii-t1411PIN1ra. Vol.. 8, No. 56. be insisted upon; it will be received,Šand through them the people, by congre-gations, will be coerced. It is a great scheme. It will succeed,Šuntil that ter-rible hour when, at Christ's second com-ing, the eyes of men will be opened to see all things and themselves as they are. W. H. M. National Reform Convention. THE late National Reform Convention at Allegheny embraced a large number of themes, and its utterances on Temperance, Social Purity, Divorce Reform, the Labor Question, the Negro Question, the Chinese Exclusion Legislation, etc., were worthy of high commendation. But the supreme question in the conven-tion was Sunday observance. Its " State-ment and Principles".declared as fol- lows :Š Fourth.ŠThat one of the most prominent of na-tional moral questions at this time demanding prompt and right settlement is the relation of our Nation and Government to the Sabbath. We note the following momentous facts in the present atti-tude of our Nation to the Lord's day : 1. The act of Congress, in connection with an appropriation to the World's Fair, honored the Sabbath. 2. When a determined effort was made to repeal this act, Congress deliberately and firmly maintained it. 3. This was in harmony with the Sabbath laws of nearly all our States, and with the sentiment of the great majority of Christian citizens, about 25,000, 000, of whom expressed the Sabbath sentiment of the country in meetings and petitions to Congress. And yet, 4. All this was not enough to prevent the United States Circuit Court and two county courts of one of our States from defeating the will of Con-gress and of the Christian people of the country. And, 5. This defeat of Sabbath sentiment and con-gressional action was, on the other hand, in -har-mony with the great tide of Sabbath-breaking amusements and Sabbath-breaking traffic, espe-cially by great railway corporations, and news-paper companies, and the United States mail. This divided and opposing condition as to the Sabbath law, cannot continue. As President Lincoln said of slavery, so it must be said of the Sabbath here: " Our Nation cannot continue to be both for and against it. It must become wholly the one or the other." As our Nation in that struggle in Lincoln's day put itself in right relation to Christ's law against slavery, so to-day we call upon it to put itself in right relation to the Sabbath which was made for man, and thus also to Him who is there-fore Lord of the Sabbath. Although compelled thus to chronicle the utter defeat of the efforts to accomplish a better state of things concerning Sun-day, through congressional action, several speakers in the convention dwelt at length upon the " recent victories for Sunday," as shown in matters connected with the World's Fair. Nothing less than blind persistency would insist upon calling such repeated defeats " recent victories.' We admire faith. and optimism, but when op-timism calls black; white, it seems a little like the small boy's clinching argument, " If it is not so, it is so, because my mother says it is so." If the quotation given above from the manifesto of the - convention be true, as it certainly is, it is more than a farce to call such a state of things victories for Sunday. The wail of defeat is not the.shout of victory. But the practical and significant point in the utterances of he convention is found in the last item, which reads as fol-lows :Š Fifteenth.ŠThat we request the executive com-mittee of the National Reform Association to send one or more agents to Washington to press at every opportune time, in cooperation with agents of other kindred reform organizations, any such bill or bills as may be before Congress in defense of our public schools, for the investigation or supression of the drink traffic, or for divorce or any other Christian reform; that the committee labor as far as possible for the enactment of a national Sabbath law, and  for the promotion of such an amendment to the national Constitution as will justify beyond all peradventure the declaration of our Supreme Court that this is a Christian Nation ; " and that in aid of this practical work the members of this conven-tion pledge their active, prayerful, and financial aid. The purpose to besiege Congress vehe-mently and persistently until a national Sunday law is obtained was announced many times during the convention, and strenuous appeals for funds to prosecute the work of Christian lobbyists " were beard at every session. The future of the National Reform movement is closely al-lied to this phase of " practical politics." Up to this time the advocates of this move-ment have been looked upon as "harmless cranks." Its success has not been prob-able enough to awaken much attention or much opposition. If the proposed efforts to be made at Washington should be pushed, and if some complication touching party issues " should arise, the move-ment may be deemed worthy of some defi-nite opposition and of some definite sup-port as a political movement. This has not been the case up to date. The aver-age congressman cares for " reform " only as it aids politics. NATIONAL REFORM. Anything like the probable success of the National Reform movement would un-doubtedly result in increased wrong and persecution. While the design to perse-cute is disclaimed, and we think honestly, by the better class of leaders, the purpose to compel all men to regard Sunday on religious grounds is openly stated. These reformers have some definitions quite as queer as that which calls defeat "victory." They want no " union of the Church and State," but only "union of Christianity and State." That is exactly what the Roman Empire did from the time of Constantine forward. Roman Catholics now rejoice that there is no union of Church and State in the United States, as in Europe, and they only wish that the State should counte-nance and give proper aid and opportu-nity to Christianity, which means Cathol-icism. Our National Reformers want the same thing, only they want to define Christianity after the National Reform pattern, and not after the Roman Catholic. They aver, "we would not interfere with any man's conscience; all we want is a law to compel every man to give proper regard to Sunday as the American Sabbath." That means that Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, and Jews can keep Saturday if they want to, but they must also keep Sunday, because "the civil law cannot make provisions for minorities." It means that men who believe that there is no religious obligation to observe any day must keep Sunday sacred to cessation from business, recreation and the like, according to the National Reform pro-gramme. It is a proposition to put into the national Constitution, and make, as a fundamental law of the Nation, a require-ment compelling every man to treat Sun-day as the National Reformer thinks it ought to be treated. All this is defined as " freedom of conscience." Great is the mystery of definitions. Seventh-day Ad-ventists are now imprisoned in Maryland for quietly working on their farms on Sunday, but that is not " persecution; " oh, no, " persecution " has an unsavory sound ; it isŠit is onlyŠahem ; it is merely, quietly and lovingly obliging them, i. e., constraining them to obey the statute law of Maryland, touching the "blessed  American Sabbath," merely that " and nothing more." All that the National Reformers desire is a few words in the Constitution of the Nation, which will enable the President to call out the army, if need be, to compel all men, creedless, and of all creeds, to desist from running railroad trains, print-ing newspapers, and picking tomatoes on the " American," the "holy," the " civil," the " Christian," the " Lord's day " Sab-bath. This is not to be spoken Of as illib-eral or as persecution It is simply what National Reformers propose to compel men to do. That is all, and it is such a trifle that " Saturd'arians " and all others ought to be ashamed to say a word about it. They ought rather to praise the Lord that steps are being taken to bring them into line along with those who know what is best for them. Nothing like definitions. There are noble men among these reformers who would not be illiberal, and they do not aim at persecution. But the accomplish-ment of their purpose, and the enforce-ment of the proposed constitutional amend-ment touching Sunday would make perse-cution unavoidable. Set the machinery in motion and abuses will follow. If the present Sunday laws were enforced every-where, as they are in isolated cases in Tennessee and Maryland, "religious lib-erty" would be assailed in every State and on every day in the year. The desuetude into which existing laws have fallen is the only reason why so little persecution ex-ists. It " begs the question " to say that the "civil Sunday " can be enforced with-out touching religion. The National Re-formers are too consistent and, too brave to resort to such a subterfuge. They hon-estly and openly accept the truth that any Sabbath law " is a law touching reli- gion, and ought to be enforced as such. We commend such honesty, erroneous as we believe their proposition to be. It is supreme nonsense to aver that men should be punished by fine and imprisonment for not keeping a civil holiday! If the Sun-day law is only " civil," why not make and enforce similar laws concerning Christmas, Good Friday, Thanksgiving, Fourth of July, etc. If the law does not deal with Sunday as a religious insti-tution, the days aro parallel. The truth is told in a single sentence. The National Reform movement, so far as Sunday is concerned, is the mistaken effort of good men to accomplish desirable ends on a false foundation and by wrong methods. It must fail at last, however earnest, devoted, and well-meaning its advocates may be.ŠSabbath Recorder. Christ and the Sabbath.* CHRIST, as has been shown, was the agent through whom God created all things, visible and invisible. He is also the agent through whom the plan of re-demption is carried out. And this comes in very naturally when we remember that redemption is only creation. Just two or three texts upon that point. In Eph. 2:10 we read : " For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works." That is, redemption is creation, and Christ is the agent. So we have the scripture in 2 Cor. 5: 17 : " Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature," says the common version; the Revised Version suggests the marginal 'reading, "there is a new creation." So also in Gal. 6: 15 the * From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. W. W. Prescott. 