732 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE "Lord's Day Alliance" of Canada reports that it has in progress a number of lawsuits instituted to en-force Sunday observance upon corporations and indi-viduals, and is waiting for a final decision to be given by the courts which will serve as a rule for such cases. It has succeeded in drawing from the attorney-general the statement that in the opinion of the government "the Lord's day should be preserved inviolate from labor." It is expected, further, that the Ontario government will submit a special case to the Court of Appeal for the pur-pose of ascertaining the real meaning of the Lord's Day Act. All this reveals the present activity of these Sun-day organizations. THE reform-by-law experiment is being tried in Streator, Ill. The Times-Herald (Chicago) reports that a "good citizenship" league, with a roll of nearly a thou-sand voters, has been organized, and that "many mer-chants who hitherto have kept their places of business open on Sunday, have promised to close them. "Prose-cution," it is added, "will be commenced at once against all who refuse to obey the law." It is further stated that "This uprising for civic purity is the chief result of, one of the most wonderful revivals and reform meetings ever held in Streator." THE fundamental principle of government laid down in the Declaration of Independence, is that governments are instituted to preserve the unalienable rights of the individual; but this principle is lost sight of in almost every instance of "civic reform." A revival which leads people to go beyond this and attempt to suppress im-morality as such by the civil law, is certain to work more harm than good. THE Seventy-first New York Regiment, over which much add has been made in this city, were mustered out of the service on the 15th inst., and took occasion on their release from army discipline to express their opin-ion of army chaplains, with special reference to the chap-lain of the Seventy-first Regiment. Him they represented by a straw-stuffed effigy, which they pelted with old shoes, bits of wood, and other missiles; afterwards, it is said, greeting the chaplain himself with a shower of pie pans and various culinary articles. The men declared  that the chaplain had performed only three services be-tween June 23 and August 8; that he had failed to at-tend to their mail after having undertaken to do it; and that he had kept the best food and delicacies for himself and the other officers of the command. There may have been good grounds for these complaints, and on the other hand, the chaplain may have done the best he could under the circumstances. But in either case a very discreditable reflection is cast upon the office as regards its usefulness in promoting piety among the troops. * MINISTERS of Charlotte, Mich., have prevailed upon the town council to pass a Sunday-closing ordinance, and are making a vigorous effort to have it enforced. One clergyman of the place advocated a boycott against every place of business which should be kept open on Sundays thereafter. A boycott and a Sunday law go well together. * * THE statesmen of Europe, says the London Spec-tator, "universally fear the advent of the United States in European politics." And the particular thing which they fear about it is the prospective Anglo Saxon Alli-ance. The "line of cleavage" which is showing itself through the civilized peoples of the earth, puts the Anglo-Saxon nations against the Latin nations, and makes an Anglo-Saxon alliance in some form almost in-evitable. MARTINELLI, the "apostolic delegate" of the pope to this country, has received two decrees from Rome to be enforced upon the Catholic Church in the United States, one of which places under the ban a book entitled "Monks and Their Decline," written by a priest of Buf-falo, N. Y. The book has been placed upon the "Index," and all the "faithful" are forbidden to read it. The book attributes the decadence of Spain and all Latin coun-tries to the influence and power of the monks, and inti-mates that the United States would do well to suppress all orders of monks in its newly-acquired possessions. * THE Rev. Edward Everitt Hale, a well-known clergy-man of Boston, says that the Philippine archipelago should not be restored to Spain, for the reason, among others, that Spain never had any title to their posses-sion. All the claim Spain ever had on them was by vir-tue of the pope's bull issued some centuries ago dividing up all the undiscovered earth between Spain and Portu-gal; Spain taking all that portion lying west of a line of longitude drawn near the Azores. When Magellan dis-covered the islands he supposed that they were to the west of the pope's line; but as they actually lie to the eastward of it, in the domain given by the pope's bull to Portugal, they are really the property of that country 