"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, APRIL 26, 1894. NUMBER 17.   American Sentinel. PTIBLISIIED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISIIING COMPANY, No. 43 Boen STREET, New YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM II. MC KEE. Ł WHEN the Republic becomes a religious State and the Bible is made the code of civil procedure as of religion, the laws will be formulated upon the Bible as interpreted by the ecclesiastics. Such a condition will be papal, and the church which so rules will be a papal church by whatever title it 'may choose to name itself. WHEN the Church and the State become identical in this country, the Church be-ing really the ruling power, as it will be,Šthen instead of being gracious, persuasive, amiable, the expression of the authority of the reigning hierarchy will become stern, commanding, terrible. No course will re-main to the dissenter but utter submission to its creed, or the endurance of such penal suffering as the ecclesiastical authorities may require the civil officers to inflict. Character and Aims of the Papacy. IT is not without reason that the claim has been put forth in Protestant countries, that Catholicism differs less widely from Protestantism than in former times. There has been a change, but the change is not in the papacy. Catholicism indeed resembles much of the Protestantism that now exists, because Protestantism has so greatly degenerated since the days of the reformers. As the Protestant churches have been seeking the favor of the world, false char-ity has blinded their eyes. They do not see but that it is right to believe good of all evil; and as the inevitable result, they will finally believe evil of all good. In-stead of standing in defense of the faith once delivered to the saints, they are now, as it were, apologizing to Rome for their uncharitable opinion of her, begging par-don for their bigotry. A large class, even of those who look upon Romanism with no favor, apprehend little danger from her power and influence.  Many urge that the intellectual and moral darkness prevailing during the Middle Ages favored the spread of her dogmas, superstitions, and oppression, and that the greater intelligence of modern times, the general diffusion of knowledge, and the increasing liberality in matters of religion, forbid a revival of intolerance and tyr-anny. The very thought that such a state of things will exist in this enlight-ened age is ridiculed. It is true that great light, intellectual, moral, and religious, is shining 'upon this generation. In the open pages of God's holy Word, light from heaven has been shed upon the world. But it should be remembered that the greater the light bestowed, the greater the darkness of those who pervert or reject it. A prayerful study of the Bible would show Protestants the real character of the papacy, and would cause them to abhor and to shun it; but many are so wise in their own conceit that they feel no need of humbly seeking God that they may be led into the truth. Although priding themselves on their enlightenment, they are ignorant both of the Scriptures and of the power of God. They must have some means of quieting their consciences; and they seek that which is least spiritual and humiliating. What they desire is a method of forgetting God which shall pass as a method of remembering him. The papacy is well adapted to meet the wants of all these. It is prepared for two classes of mankind, embracing nearly the whole world,Šthose who would be saved by their merits, and those who would be saved in their sins. Here is the secret of its power. A day of great intellectual darkness has been shown to be favorable to the success of popery. It will yet be demonstrated that a day of great intellectual light is equally favorable for its success. In past ages, when men were without God's Word, and without the knowledge of the truth, their eyes were blindfolded, and thousands were ensnared, not seeing the net spread for their feet. In this generation there are many whose eyes become dazzled by the glare of human speculations, "science falsely so-called ;" they discern not the net, and walk into it as readily as if blind-folded. God designed that man's intel-lectual powers should be held as a gift  from his Maker, and should be employed in the service of truth and righteousness; but when pride and ambition are cher-ished, and men exalt their own theories above the word of God, then intelligence can accomplish greater harm than igno-rance. Thus the false science of the nineteenth century, which undermines faith in the Bible, will prove as successful in preparing the way for the acceptance of the papacy, with its pleasing forms, as did the withholding of knowledge in open-ing the way for its aggrandizement in the Dark Ages. In the movements now in progress in the United States to secure for the insti-tutions and 'usages of the Church the sup-port of the State, Protestants are follow-ing in the steps of papists. Nay, more, they are opening the door for popery to regain in Protestant America the suprem-acy which she has lost in the Old World. And that which gives greater significance to this movement is the fact that the principal object contemplated is the en-forcement of Sunday observance,Ša cus-tom which originated with Rome, and which she claims as the sign of her au-thority. It is the spirit of the papacy,Šthe spirit of conformity to worldly cus-toms, the veneration for human traditions above the commandments of God,Šthat is permeating the Protestant churches, and leading them on to do the same work of Sunday exaltation which the papacy has done before them. If the reachr would understand the agencies to be employed in the soon-com-ing contest, he has but to trace the record of the means which Rome employed for the same object in ages past. If he would know how papists and Protestants united will deal with those who reject their dog-mas, let him see the spirit which Rome manifested toward the Sabbath and its defenders. Royal edicts, general councils, and church ordinances sustained by secular power, were the steps by which the pagan festival attained its position of honor in the Christian world. The first public measure enforcing Sunday observance was the law enacted by Constantine, A. D. 321. This edict required townspeople to rest on " the venerable day of the sun," but per-mitted countrymen to continue their agri- lop 