JANUARY 16, 1896.  S.IHAN'TIFINTLAIL.4 19  often met by the astounding fact that many of those who profess to have God and Christ, and the Bible in their hearts, are ring-leaders in political corruption." he writer of this talks like some' innocent youth just getting his eyes opened to the depravity of human nature. There is no more common class of people in the world than hypocrites; and one great fault of the " National Reform" scheme is that by making a profession of religion a necessary qualification for office, and a thing demanded of all by "the law," it would place a premium upon hypocrisy which would make it an infinitely greater evil than it is. The Statesman speaks as though it were possible for an individual to be a Christian in those relations of life pertaining 'to church affairs, and a worldling in other relations, at the same time. " The National Reform move-ment," it says, "aims to supplement the work that has been done by putting Christ and his law in the heart for salvation in the next world, by putting into the heart respect for divine authority and law in the sphere of politics." But the person who professes to. have Christ and his law in his heart for salvation in the next world, and yet does not conduct himself harmoniously with that profession in matters relating to civil government, is a hypocrite, and his profession of Christ is a sham. And this sham the "reform" scheme would "sup-plement " by a corresponding sham " in the sphere of politics." Only, in that sphere it would be, infinitely worse than when confined to the sphere of private life, since it would workŁ injury not.cnly to the interests of one person, but to the rights of many others. The "National Reform" scheme assumes that were all our rulers and legislators Chris-tians, we would at once have laws enacted compelling all persons to recognize the sove-reignty of God, and the binding obligation of his law. But this is exactly what, in such a case, we should not have; for a Christian is one who is like Christ, and Christ, though having legions of angels at his call, never once sought to convert anybody by force, or to secure recognition of himself or his Father by such means. Ł The " reform" scheme is in fact nothing less than an effort to overturn the Republic of the United States, and set up in its place a man-made theocracy, with these " reformers" as its self-appointed rulers; since it is wholly at variance with the idea of a government by representatives. Power can be delegated by one person to another, but morality cannot be. Morally, one person cannot represent another; he can represent only himself. It is certain that man is a free moral agent; and this being true, it is equally certain that moral actioa cannot be performed by one person as the representative of another. To be the moral representative of another would involve nothing less than the " mystery of godliness" made manifest in the gospel of Christ,Šthat mystery by which the sinner can be crucified with Christ, and created new in him. Man has and can have but one Saviour. The righteousness of Jesus Christ, and him only, can be made the righteousness of individuals on this earth. The members of Congress, or of the State legislatures, hold in their hands the power delegated to them by the people, and acting within the limits of that delegated power, represent the people themselves; but they hold no moral power or accountability be-longing to the people. Such power the peo-ple cannot delegate, any more than they can give up their freeŁ  moral agency. No such transaction would be rcognized by the Creator, for he will reward or punish every individual  at the final day for his own deeds. In the scheme of " Christian" government, therefore which these "reformers" hope to realize, there will be in the place of the proper representa-tives of the people, certain persons who assume to recognize the authority of God and to execute his will for the individuals whom they govern. This usurpation of power and authority is involved in any attempt at a governmental recognition of God and con-formity to his standard of morality. In fact, the " National Reform" scheme of government does not admit that civil governments are established by the people, but declares them to be creatures of God; so that only those whom God chooses can rightfully fill the positions of governmental authority. These positions would of course, necessarily be filled by some persons; and it would rest with the "reformers" and their religiousŁ associates, as being the ones pre-sumably most closely in touch with the divine will, to determine through what individuals the will of Christ, that is, their idea of his will, should be governmentally carried out. And what would be more natural and fitting in such a scheme than that they should appoint themselves to the offices pertaining to their theocracy ? A civil government is not "godless" which does not recognize God and attempt to carry out the requirements of the moral law; for the reason that any such attempt by civil government would be but an effort to do that which it is not constituted to do, and which it could not claim to do without asserting what is false. A government which would, in the name of the people, profess an alleg-iance to God which only a part of the people believed in or acknowledged, and would, as the act of the people, do that which only a part of the people would think of doing, by way of carrying out its conception of the will of Christ, would be a godless gov-ernment indeed. A government which would compel its citizens by legislation to profess to reorganize God and to observe the re-quirements of his moral law, would be utterly godless. But that government which leaves all its citizens free, as the Creator has left them, either to recognize God or not, and to conform to his requirements or not, is a government in harmony with the purpose of the gospel, and with God's will concerning government as it must exist in this fallen world. 4- MISINTERPRETING PROPHECY. TIIE Rev. J. D. Fulton, author of " Wash-ington in the Lap of Rome," spoke in the People's Temple, Boston, Dec. 15, and gave utterance to some bold and dangerous the-ories concerning the proper policy to be pur-sued in view of the antagonism between Americanism and Romanism. That he had the attention of a large audience, and that " his fullest and strongest utterances were applauded to the echo," as appears from the report of the Boston Daily Standard of the following day, are significant features of the occasion. The theme of Mr. Fulton's discourse was that Americanism is to conquer Romanism, if not by ballots, then by bullets; and that patriots should prepare themselves for a war with either. Americanism," he said, " is to conquer Romanism in accordance with the behest of an Almighty purpose." "Before Rome was built or the foundations of. London's greatness were laid, the vision of our Republic came into the dream of the king of Babylon. . . .  The dream had to do with five great periods of human history, one of them at the zenith of its greatness and four yetŁ to come. They have come and largely gone. Turkey and the Mohammedan power that has covered the eastern world with its curse, is now tottering to its fall. The kingdom of stone is here in the Republic of the United States, whose greatness is conditioned upon its smiting the image that sets God at defiance." What the purpose of the Almighty is, as outlined in the prophecy referred to, may be seen from an examination of the second chap-ter of Daniel. Verses 34 and 35 describe the " stone " and its work as seen in the king's dream, and verses 44 and 45 make it clear that this part of the dream relates to the set-ting up of the kingdom of God, "which shall never be destroyed," and "shall not be left to other people; but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." The Rev. Mr. Fulton, how-ever, would have his hearers believe that there is divine warrant for viewing the stone which " smote the image upon his feet," as a symbol of the United States, and that which it smites and breaks in pieces, as representing the Roman Catholic Church. His view would no doubt suit the natural inclinations of many Ameri-cans; but it is wholly without scriptural war-rant, and if sought to be carried out, would revive the worst pictures of the Dark Ages. It is true that the Papacy will be smitten, together with all earthly kingdoms, when God sets up his kingdom which shall stand forever; but the smiting will not be done by any earthly power. There is nothing in this prophecy to justify boastful predictions of the future of this or any other earthly govern-ment. Other prophecies refer no less clearly to the destruction of the Papacy as an act of the power of God. In 2 Thess. 2: 3-8, we are told that the Lord shall destroy this "man of sin," " who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God or that is wor-shiped "Š" with the spirit of his mouth " and "with the brightness of his coming." See also Rev. 19: 11-20. Mr. Fulton further said that "the future of this country is conditioned upon the image being struck and broken in pieces by the em-bodiment of that principle Daniel saw when God placed before him the vision that plagued the king of Babylon. Americanism is the in-carnation of the purpose of God. It is his expression and thought concerning govern-ment. It is the dynamic force to be used in smashing every image that is the expression of the opposing force arrayed against the spread of truth." Coming then to the ques-tion, " Does this prophecy foretell a war of bullets or ballots ?" he cited Abraham's ex-ample in training those under him both for home duties and for the field of battle, and said: " May it not be our duty to recognize the fact that while we need educated men for the requirements of civil life there may come a time when the ballot will be exchanged for the bullet, and when that hour arrives we shall want in the army something besides Roman Catholics to command our armies and navy, to protect our altars and our homes ? Do I hear you say there is no danger? Then there will be no harm done. Americans will not begin the fight, but they will end it; and when Romanism lifts its traitorous hand against the country that has given it shelter, and attempts to make the American people bow down to her image, the stone will smite the image, and then shall come the fulfillment of the prophecy, Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron, thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel.' " 