168 A.IVIDEIRAICA.NT SJENPIC9I1‚711_.40 Vol,. 10, No. 21. NEw YORK, MAY 23, 1895. irAr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent tn him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE learn from the Southern Review, published at Atlanta, Ga., of the arrest at Amory, Miss., of Robert Nash, a Seventh-day Adventist, for working in his cornfield on Sunday. The law of Mississippi provides a fine of not more than $20 for Sunday work. ARRANGEMENTS have been made by which our former assistant editor, A. F. Ballenger, will be retained on the SENTINEL as an edito-rial writer until about Augut 1, after which as a public laborer he will do battle for the SENTINEL'S cause in Pennsylvania, the storm center of Romanizing Protestantism. Mr. L. A, Smith, whose name appears as assistant editor, is at present in London, where he may be detained for some weeks. A MOVEMENT has been inaugurated in this city for the federation " of all the churches of the several denominations in the solution of the religious, social and other problems which each separate parish or denomination is striv-ing to solve for itself." As might' be ex-pected, Drs. Chas. H. Parkhurst and Josiah Strong are prominent in this movement. " Work will not lag," it is stated; "during the summer months in preparation for the work of the coming fall." THE bill introduced into the Tennessee legislature by Mr. Hooper, to exempt from the penalties of the Sunday law, observers of , the seventh day, was recommended for passage by the Judiciary Committee -of the House by a vote of nine to four. Of course this bill is not what it should be; the Sunday law of Tennessee ought to be absolutely repealed; but it is gratifying to know that probably. a ma-, jority of the members of the Tennessee leg-islature recognize the fact that the law is unjust. The educational campaign along re-ligious liberty lines ought to be continued in that State. JUST as we go to press news comes from Georgia of the release of J. Q. Allison, a Sev-enth-day Adventist, who, as we announced last week, was arrested for plowing his field on Sunday. Mr. Allison was tried, May 15 and found guilty. However, the judge assessed only the costs, $22, with the alternative, in case of default of payment, of twelve months in the chain-gang. When it was seen that Mr. Allison would not pay the fine, his Sunday-keeping neigh-bors besieged him with entreaties to pay it and not disgrace his family by going to the chain-gang. Mr. Allison thanked his friends for their interest in him, but explained that  there was a principle involved which he could not afford to compromise. When it was seen that Mr. Allison would not surrender, the sheriff started with him and other prisoners to Atlanta to sell him to the chain-gang contractors. However, when the train reached Austell, Mr. Allison's home, the sheriff ordered him to get off and go home, but not to work on Sunday again, under the threat of the full penalty of the law. It was afterwards learned that the costs had been paid by unknown parties. We will give a de-tailed account of the trial in our next, THE Converted Catholic for June, will con-tain an article exposing " Falsehoods Regard-ing Father Lambert, the Converted Redemp-torist Priest," who is now one of three Methodist ministers in charge of Coke Church, Kingston, Jamaica, W. I. It seems that no sooner was this ex-priest out of the country than Roman Catholic papers from Maine to Texas began to. publish a statement that he had become insane and was an inmate of an asylum; adding that it was doubtless aberra-tion of mind that led him to separate from the Catholic Church. The article referred to is a complete refutation of the story, which could have no other purpose than to destroy the influence of Mr. Lambert's renunciation of Rornanism. THE Western Watchmah (Roman Catholic), in its issue of May 9, copieS from the London Standard what purports to be a quotation from the last will and testament of ,Pope , Leo XIII. which he has sent to cardinals and heads of orders. The quotation readsthirs:Š Even if the temporal power has not been attained, the papacy has arrived at a situation'enabling it, when the oppo'rtune moment shall come, to dictate con-ditions, and the same calm, prudent 'line of action will conduce further to that end, if followed unal-tered. This " calm, prudent line of action" of the present pope, is deceiving many Prot estants into the belief:  that the papacy has become converted,. but at the "opportune moment," they will be, undeceived; -birt it will : then be too late to retrieve the fatal _mistake: THE Sunday movement in France is,being urged forward, not on religiousrgrounds as .in this country; oh, no! but on the so=called "civil" basis. The Sunday-Rest Association; organized four years ago, now has a member-ship of several thousand. Its aim is- stated to be " to secure the 'reenactment of the law which prescribes the cessation of all work on the seventh day of the week." The only law " which prescribes the cessa-tion of all work on the seventh day of the week " is the fourth commandment of the Decalogue, hence the aim of the association must be, to secure the reenactment of the fourth commandment .by the French Chamber of Deputies! Of course, this view of the matter is a direCt contradiction of the 'claim that the movement is being urged forward on " civil " grounds, but -then in such things it does not do to be too particular; in the matter of enforced Sunday- rest, " civil " grounds means a civil law en-forcing a measure of religious observance. It does not mean that the thing is done for civil reasons, that is, to protect material civil rights, or indeed civil - rights at all, but only in response to a religious sentiment which de-mands practical recognition at the hands: of the State. THE Independent, of May 19, contains the following :Š We are very sorry to say that a bill has been intro-diided into the Florida legislature, in accordance with the recommendation of Supt. W. M. Sheats, making it a punishable offense for any school, public or pri-vate, in the State to allow white and colored students to be educated together, and also forbidding any white people to teach in the colored schools. And this shameful bill has been passed by the Lower House; and we do not know any reason why it is not likely to be carried through the Senate, and signed by the gov ernor. We would expect something better if Dr. J. L. M. Curry were not abroad, so that ,his restraining influence will not be available. Ile-  has more than once prevented such injudicious legislation. There will be a chance for some minor Martyrdom, if this law passes; for we cannot imagine that Christian peo-ple will be willing to obey it, The Independent here recognizes the neces-sity of disobeying a law that interferes with Christian duty. Although we believe that the Independent is willing to recognize the right of the Seventh-day Adventist to disobey a Sunday law, yet there are many religious papers" that will commend the violation of the proposed Florida-  law and at the same time apply the epithet "anarchist" to the conscien-tious seventh-day observer who disobeys a Sunday law. THE spirit of the whole Sunday-law move-Merit is .well exemplified by, the Christian Statesman, whiCh has just published a "black-liSt " of the' members of the 'Legislature of Pennsylvania who voted: for the repeal of the special law: a,king the fine for violation -of the Sunday: law- $25 in -Allegheny County instead of $4, ns it is in the rest of the State. This list ought, .however, to beregarded as a roll of honor, for such in reality it is; but under the leadership of the Statesman and papers of that ilk, the Christian " people of Pennsylvania will 'doubtless be able to defeat for reelection some of the men who had enough regard for correct prindiple to vote for the repeal of that hateful ,piece of special legislation,Šlegislation Which could not-be enacted under the present constitution of that State. But whatever may be the result to the men who favored repeal of the 'la*, when legislators who vote for the f, cause :o liberty are blaCk-listed and called `°,enemies-Ot the Sabbathf,''-.and::counted ene-mies of the 'State,-:.what may 'seventh-day ob-servers ...expect, who- not only :support the principles for whiel1 -those mien voted, but who live them out; :even to open violation of the wicked law for Which - the_ Statesman is so zealous .?' long will:,it',136:'erb the States- man, that_ recently- attempted-_to justify the burning-of :Servetus, will demand:the infliction of the severest-penalties upon aII-who refuse to regard the Counterfeit Sabbath ?' A LIMITED number of extra, copies of this issue can be obtained at the rate of one cent per copy. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore - uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Ł Addiess, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 45 Bond Street, New York City. 