AMERICAN SENTINEL. 325 which they are supposed to rest. So long as the public is disposed to look only on the brighter side of things, there will be no serious trouble; for chalk is cheap, and does its work so long as that hard schoolmaster, experi-ence, is not abroad in the land. In the end, however, values must rest on earning power, and nobody has yet been able to make the American people go on with the contribution of their hard-earned wealth, in order that fat dividends may be paid on wind.. Of course, the Ame-rican Sugar Refining Company, and numerous similar corporations, have done wonders in this way; but the end is not yet. A really sinister event in the political or financial world would suffice to bring down the house of cards. The result would simply afford another illustra-tion of the truth that a fool and his money are soon parted. "2. What is to be the effect on the cost of produc-tion, in 'all the great departments of industry? From the standpoint of theory, the consumer is to be benefited as well as the capitalist, by the elimination of innumerable middlemen who are supposed to be drones in the hive, as things now stand. Is it so certain, however, that this theory is to be vindicated by the actual result? Every man of affairs is fully aware that the secret of success invariably lies in the most careful and personal supervision. Is such supervision physically possible in the case of these overgrown corporations, with their business spread over the expanse of a continent? Of course, bad management would escape detection much longer, but the ultimate results would be all the more disastrous. "3. What is to be the effect of these appalling ag-gregations of capital, as regards the social and political life of the American people? The perpetuity of this Gov-ernment is based on the fine individualism which has made itself felt in the most decisive way, at every critical moment of the nation's history. If the present process be carried to its legitimate conclusion, the great mass of Americans will be simply the salaried employees of the trusts, and the relation will be precisely that of the retainer to the baron, in the feudal days. Will the Ame-rican consent to be a man without a future? Not unless his nature has undergone a fundamental change. What then would be the remedy for the disease in question? Obviously, state socialism would be the only refuge, and it might be accepted simply because the masses would prefer to be employees of the Government which they could control by their ballots. "These are, indeed, questions of the largest import, since they concern the dearest interests of all the genera-tions to come. Cheapness of production would be dearly bought, at the expense of the manhood which alone can prevent this great Government from being converted into a despotism of the most pitiless sort. Every system of life, whether in the moral or the physical world, is constructed after the manner of the coral reef. The most awe-inspiring results in the affairs of men are wrought out in silence from age to age. At the last, they stand forth with appalling distinctness, and stiffen the sinews of action in the most terrible way." The subject of curtailing the avarice of these trust manipulators is engaging the attention of several gov-ernors of southern States, and it is proposed to have a convention of governors to map out uniform legislation  by the States against the "plague." But willthe scheme succeed? We would take an optimistic view of the mat-ter did circumstances warrant it, but we believe that this country is following in the wake of ancient Rome, and how can we change the inexorable law of cause and effect? What Will Happen to the Bible? New York "Sun." THE Bible is now and has been for many years by far the most extensively circulated book in the world. It is sent forth annually by millions of copies, and among the religious agencies receiving most largely the contri-butions of the pious throughout the Protestant world are the Bible societies. The Bible has been translated into hundreds of lang-uages and dialects. Thirty years ago their number, as given by the British and Foreign Bible Society alone, was 173. Missionaries have constructed written lang-uages for many peoples and tribes, with the single object of translating the Bible for their instruction in the way of salvation, and they have performed their pious task at the expense of enormous labor always, oftentimes of great sacrifice, and sometimes of cruel martyrdom. The whole missionary zeal of Protestantism has been inspired by absolute faith in the Bible as the inspired and uner-ring Word of God. Now, what will happen if the view of the Bible held,  and propagated by the Briggs school becomes prevalent? Will not people begin to refuse contributions of money for the circulation of a book which they are taught to regard as human in its errors, more or less spurious in its authorship, largely fictitious, utterly incredible in its assertion of miracles as facts, and altogether misleading? If it is as faulty as Dr. Briggs and his fellow scholars make out, does not fairness to the people require that it should be published with warning explanations of its fallacies, contradictions, inventions, and misstatements, so that no one shall be deceived? Is it wonderful, then, that Col. Ingersoll hailed Dr. Briggs and Bishop Potter last Sunday as allies of Tom Paine in his effort to bring the Bible into discredit? AN exchange prints the following:Š "Disregard for Sunday in the city of Philadelphia, as in every great city, grows with each succeeding year. A petition has lately been sent to Mayor Ashbridge, from the Board of Directors of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association, asking that the Sunday law be enforced with reference to a long list of items which accompanied the petition. According to the petition, business of al-most every kind flourishes in that Quaker City." The exchange thinks the petition will amount to nothing; but we are not sure of that by any means. 