490 AMERICAN SENTINEL. BUT this is the inherent vice of all sumptuary laws, "which vex the citizen and interfere with individual lib-erty"Šthat they are not, and never, from their very na-ture can be, used for the vexation of any but the poorer classes in the community. H a rich man wants to work on Sunday, he goes to his store or office and gratifies his desire, and the policeman will never be born who will dream of objecting to the proceeding. It is only the day laborer, the toiling artisan who lives "from hand to mouth," whose scanty wage for hardest drudgery barely suffices to keep body and soul togetherŠhe alone it is whose liberty is curtailed under cover of the "Sunday law." Surely thisdnexorable fact alone is an all-sufficient reason why the representative body of a free government should "reform it altogether." * VIRTUE of the municipal sort is certainly spasmodic. But it is radical enough while the fit is on, in avowed pur-pose, if not in execution. And so, while Sunday tailoring is to be stopped in the town unmentioned, "Sunday club drinking" is also loudly doomed to, go. The startling statement is printed that there are nearly three hundred "clubs" within the city limits, and that people drink liquor in them on the first day of the week. This the "grand jury" justly regard as calculated to bring down the wrath of Providence on the wicked burg, and they propose to put a stop to it in time. * - * THERE are, say, three hundred clubs. About six of these are what is called "fashionable." It is not denied that the members of all six get strong liquors at their respective clubs on Sundays, and pay for the same then and there (sometimes). Now, after all the flurry and flare and fuss and feathers of the proposed "crusade", are over, what will we find? If it be true that history re-peatS itself, and that human nature is pretty much the same at all times, we will find thisŠthat a few "clubs," whose members are "workingmen"Šthat is to say, hand-workers, of one kind or anotherŠand who are too poor to hire more than one room for their club meetings, have been broken up ; and that not the slightest attempt has been made to break up one fashionable organization, whose members are "brain-workers" of one kind or an-other, or else absolute idlers, but are rich enough to own or to rent an entire house to meet in. WHEN a mechanic's club has been "raided" on a Sun-day and the members walk "up town" in a body and see at the great windows of palatial mansions rich men, at-tended by liveried waiters, engaged in precisely the same acts for which they have just been arrested and turned out into the street, their respect for American law and American justice, for American liberty and American equality, is not likely to be much enhanced. But this' is the nature, again, of all sumptuary laws. And because  of this, their nature, their existence is an evil and a men-ace; their administration a scandal aŁnd a reproach; and they ought to be reformed out of the statute book. * I HAVE no animosity toward wealth. I have no desire to excite the poor against the rich. I do not advise the raided tailors, nor the members' of a raided club, to set in motion a raid against a luckier body. Two wrongs do not make a right; and this sumptuary Sunday law would be just as objectionable if it were enforced against every body as it is now, when it is only enforced against poor people. It is the principle of the thing that offends justice. * * * I Go with anybody who happens to be going my way. And I know that there are many who will not listen to argument about principles, but will take sides with great ardor if you can point them to an undeniable evil of prac-tice. All poor peopleŠall toilersŠall they of severe and narrow,livingŠought to band together against the Sun-day law, if for no other reason, than that they alone suf-fer from its application. its enforcement makes of them a distinct and branded class in the community. It sur-rounds them with police conditions on fifty-two days in the year from which the men of money are altogether ex-empt. It insults their intelligence and their manhood by proclaiming that they are not fit for the liberty accorded to others. It robs them of innocent pleasures. It puts a strait jacket on their bodies. It curtails the freedom of their souls by denying them the freed an of choice in their conduct that is part of American citizenship. Sunday Enforcement in Muncie, Ind, A PRESS telegram from Muncie, Ind., under date of July 18, gives the following with reference to the new cru-sade for Sunday enforcement in that place:Š "Muncie has not experienced such exciting times on Sunday for many years as to day, when the steps were taken to close every business house in the city in strict accordance with an old law. The Young Men's Christian band issued a manifesto last week notifying all who en-gaged in their regular vocation on Sunday that affida-vits for their arrest would be filed by the members of the band. For three days the threat has been the chief topic of conversation, and it was supposed that the city would be closed up as tight as a clam to-day, and that possibly the street cars would not venture out. On the contrary, all the meat shops with a single exception, cigar stores, drug stores, ice cream parlors, and delivery wagons, bakeries, candy stores, bicycle stores, soda fountains and somegroceries did business as usuul, and the usual regard was paid to the saloon law. The street cars not only 