228 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. which it was done and an offense to the moral sense of the public. He was found guilty upon this indictment and fined $75 and coats. The case went to the Supreme Court of the State. The judgment was confirmed. A writ of habeas corpus brought the convict before the Federal Court of the western district of the State, and that court would not assume to say that there was wrongful conviction or any lack of due process of law. Several like convictions have been had. There was no pretense, except in the indictment, that anybody had been at all disturbed by this secular employment. The peace was in no way threatened. No more was proven -than that the Christian neighbors were scandalized that the law should be thus broken. And the great commonwealth of Tennessee has at its mercy some half-dozen patient, industrious, well-meaning citizens, religious beyond the ordinary practice of ordinary Christians, and so holds them because of an intolerance which, whatever may be the technical law, is opposed to the very spirit of our republican institutions. There seems to be no remedy for it, and these men must serve out their sentences. But the sooner Tennessee places itself, through its legislature, upon a par with liberal, right-minded people everywhere in the republic the better it will be for both the moral and the material prosper-ity of that State.ŠChicago Times. Ł *  Ł  False Lights on the Shore. THE Jewish Messenger flatters itself that the platform of the Society of Chris-tian Endeavor is " a plea for the unifica-tion of the human race," and says :Š Here is an opportunity for the Society of Chris-tian Endeavor to aid in quenching the fierce and destructive fires of bigotry, race hatred, and reli-gious prejudice. Let this society, in its strong union of creeds, raise its voice against the warfare waged for centuries against the Jew. Let its mem-bers develop and stimulate a genuine brotherly feeling for their Jewish neighbor, in whose faith and in whose doctrines the Christ they worship was born and reared. The Sun, in commenting upon this, and other favorable expressions in reference to the great Christian Endeavor conven-tion from Jewish papers, finds in it all a pleasing " evidence of the great fact that in this country, the believers in every creed not only maintain the rights of all creeds, but can live together in peace with mutual good will." It is sad that this is not true; One of the most prominent and dramatic inci-dents of the whole convention was the enthusiastic expression of a determina-tion not to " maintain the rights of all creeds." The opportunity to aid in quench-ing the fires of bigotry and religious prej-udice was there, but it was ignored at its very inception. The hope of the Messen-ger was blighted before it scarcely had. budded. This marvelous society, numbering so many tens of thousands of those who are just at the age when the maturing mind receives its most lasting impressions, is made one immense school of political reli-gion where the legal enforcement of Sunday observance is taught as one of its prin-cipal religious tenets. The Christ whose worship they profess was indeed a Jew, and he observed the seventh day, but that will not prevent them from scorning the day he kept and persecuting all who ob-serve it whether Jew or Gentile seventh day keeper. Everything that appeals to the imagina-tion clusters round this organization, but it is training its members to be the deter-mined upholders of as great an error as the world has ever seen. The beautiful enthusiasm of youth will in a few years harden into the stern determination to realize in practical form the lessons in re-ligious law now being learned. These youths and maidens whose hearts are now so full of tender religious sentiment will be the persecutors of the soon coming years. It is the inevitable result of the errors they have been taught. How great is the responsibility of those who are teaching them these errors! W. H. M. Don't Tinker With It. IN every stage of the world's history there has arisen a class of men bent on improving the world and its Creator. At this time a class of " evangelists " pops out and wants the Sixteenth Amendment. Ostensibly, the object of the Sixteenth Amendment is to protect the public school system. In reality it is a fight between Catholics and ProtestantsŠall Christians. The divorcing of Church and State is one of the pretenses of the " evangel-ists." We have always supposed that be-fore there could be a divorce there must have existed a marriage. The facts of a marriage not existing between Church and State in this country is no fault of those " evangelists." This Sixteenth Amend-ment is-purposed to be made to, or tacked on to the Constitution of tie United States. It is well known that the Jews, as a class, throughout the United States" of America are the staunch friends and supporters of the public school system, and the best evidence of their faith in the free school system is that ninety-nine per cent. of all Jewish children born in this country attend the public schools. It is further known that the Jews ask as little preference or favor in the public schools as any other class of citizens. We might add without subjecting ourselves to the charge of egotism, that the Jewish chil-dren in the public schools compare favor-ably in point of intelligence, deportment and regularity of attendance with any class attending these schools. With all this we are opposed to any interference in this matter in the shape of constitutional amendment. We would not tamely sub-mit to any encroachment upon the school law, any attempt to engraft upon it any color of so-called religion. We want it freeŠabsolutely freeŠfrom any taint of the church by whatever name you 'may call it. We do not, however, think it ad-visable to tinker with the Constitution of the United States on this question. Ł It is foreign to the spirit, character, object or scope of the United States Constitution to cumber it with this matter. What is the Constitution ? It is " the fundamental law of a free country, which characterizes the organism of the coun-try and secures the rights of the citizen and determines his main duties as a free-man." The Federal Government has nothing to do with the public schools. The pub-lic schools depend entirely upon State laws, State provision for their support and State control of their affairs. While each State is independent of the other, a comparison of the modes, meth-ods and systems of public instruction in the different States of the Union shows  them to be very similar in character and form, so that practically we have one sys-tem of free education throughout this country. We may attribute this result to the fact that it is left to the good sense of the people of each State to control its own affairs in this particular. To this extent we favor State sovereignty. Some people are determined at all haz-ards to do good, but they think they can not do it except through legislation, and when repulsed at that they resort to con-stitutional amendment. We scout the idea of any such forced good. England, from which we derive our system of juris-prudence, has no written Constitution. What then would those irrepressible " goodies" do there ? The only resort open to them would be an act of Parlia-ment. Now, in this country, Congress, not having any control over State educa-tion, could only meddle itself by a fed-eral school system. This it has wisely re-fused to do. We have not forgotten the Blair bill. It follows then that the only source of power on the school question is the State Šthere the people have a direct voice in the matter and what they want in this particular they can and will have. Here let it remain. We are fully aware that the Catholic clergy would like the share or portion of school tax paid by Catholics to be under their control so that they might the better support their parochial schools. There are, however, honorable exceptions to this rule. No fear on this score need be entertained, for the reason that the people, the Catholic people, rise above their teachers. Let this question be left in the hands of the people them-selves.ŠJewish Times and Observer. Some Scraps of New England History.* THE Puritans having planted them-selves in Massachusetts, and having estab-lished there a theocracy, were not slow, as we have already seen, to use their power against all dissenters from the established religion. In 1631 Roger Williams landed in Boston, and as the death of Higginson had left a vacancy in the church at Salem, the church called Williams to fill his place; but as Winthrop and his "assist-ants" objected, Williams went to Plym-outh Colony. The leading minister in Massachusetts Colony at this time was John Cotton. He distinctly taught the blessedness of perse- cution.  in itself, and in its benefit to the State, in the following words But the good brought to princes and subjects by the due punishment of apostate seducers and idol-aters and blasphemers, is manifold. First, it putteth away evill from among the peo-ple, and cutteth off a gangreene, which would spread to further ungodlinesse. . . . Secondly, it driveth away wolves from worrying and scattering the sheep of Christ. For false teach-ers be wolves, , . . and the very name of wolves holdeth forth what benefit will redound to the sheep, by either killing them or driving them away. Thirdly, such executions upon such evill doers causeth all the country to heare and feare and doe no more such wickednesse. . . Yea, as these punishments are preventions of like wickednesse in some, so are they wholesome medicines, to heale such as are curable of these eviles. . . . Fourthly, the punishments executed upon false prophets and seducing teachers, doe bring downe showers of God's blessings upon the civill state. . . . Fifthly, it is an honor to God's justice that such judgments are executed. . . . And Samuel Shepard, a minister of Charlestown, preached an election sermon *Condensed from "Two Republics." 