THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 51 and surgeon attend upon a patient with very great alacrity on Sunday, if he had no expectation of being paid for it ? Where do you draw the line between what is necessary, and what is not neces-sary ? If I get my cook to prepare me a warm meal on Sunday, shall my cook and I be fined a hundred dollars for that ? Again, who is to decide as to whether a person's belief is " conscientious " or not ? This would be akin to the work of the Inquisition. And thus, any one would have the means of gratifying malice, private spite and personal revenge. What is the necessity for such a law in the District of Columbia? The people of this District have their faults, but labor-ing ,on Sunday cannot be considered one of them . We have some 200 churches in this city, large, and well filled, on Sunday; and there is not a better church-going people in the United States than the peo-ple of Washington City. The sound of the trowel is not heard, and building is suspended on Sunday, and the rights of church-going people are respected here in Washington, equally with those of any city in the Union. This sort of legislation belongs to days Which are passed. In the early days of Maryland and New England, there was a good deal of it. There is now, on the statute books of this District, an old Maryland law which has never been re-pealed, under which, a person convicted of " blasphemy " received the mark " B " in his forehead, signifying "blasphemer" (reading statute of date, October 26, 1723). I see some here, who would stand a bad chance, under that law,Šfor instance, my friend Dr. Shippen, pastor of the Unitarian Church. I have read this law verbatim, because the present bill of Mr. Breckin-ridge seems to have been taken from it. Now, are we ready to go back 167 years in our legislation, to revive a law that has been rejected by the common sense of our ancestors ? Such a law may be in place in countries where there is a union of Church and State, but it is out of place in this country, where no attempts upon the liberties of the citizen should be tolerated. Now, the only principle upon which a line of thiS bill could be justified, would be a "sanitary " principle: that is, assum-ing that it is necessary for health, that a man should rest one day out of seven, assuming also that it .is the duty of Con-gress to see that he does not labor more than the six days, and to prescribe a cer-tain day on which he should not work. But that theory has not been sustained by the courts, besides, a great many men don't need that restraint. They have plenty of rest, and a council of physicians would hardly say that it was necessary for them to rest on a certain day out of the seven. But the bill is sought to be . justified, by the principle that religious congregations should not be disturbed; but such con- gregations are already amply protected by law. I now introduce the first speaker of the evening. The District of Columbia Sunday-Law Convention. THE Sunday-law convention for the Dis-trict of Columbia, met January 30 and 31, in the Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church, Washington, D. C.Š the same church that was festooned December 11-13, 1888, with the names of fourteen mil-lion petitioners which they didn't have. It was not festooned at all this time. There were two lines of discussion that were made so conspicuous from the be-ginning to the end of the convention, as to take precedence of everything else. These two were, the strong favor to the religious Sunday, and the strong denun-ciations of the Seventh-day Adventists. The convention, as advertised, was held in the interests of " the American Civil Sabbath," but as often as anything was said in favor of a civil day, it was promptly met and contradicted by strong arguments for a religious day and for legislation in the interests of religion and the Church. The very first speech made in the con-vention distinctly named the Seventh-day Adventists, and denounced them as the strongest opponents of Sunday laws, who are spreading literature everywhere, and who are holding conventions and sending speakers throughout the country ; and from that moment to the end of the con-vention there was 'not one meeting, and but very few speeches, in which the same thing was not kept up, and at times most bitterly. This was so manifest as to create in the minds of many an inquiry to know who are the Seventh-day Advent-ists ? and why it should be that a people who were declared to be so few as to 'be "less than seven-tenths of one per cent." could be of so much importance as to occupy so much of the attention of the convention. The first meeting, Thursday evening at 7: 30, was opened with the reading of Deuteronomy 5: 6, and prayer by Rev. A. W. Pitzer. In the prayer he said to the Lord, " Thou hast commanded that one-seventh of man's time shall be cut off to be devoted to God." " Bless this Association in its endeavor to bring all to the recognition of God." And thus the convention was launched in the in-terests of the " civil Sabbath." The first speech was by Mr. Crafts, who gave what he said were facts as to the origin of the movement to secure a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. He said that the Woman's Christian Temp-ranee Union, in the endeavor to prevent further scandal in the matter of digging in the streets on Sunday, learned that there was no law to prevent servile labor on the Sabbath. This is partially true  of the city of Washington, but as the foregoing columns show, it is not true of the District of Columbia; and the District law is of force in the city. He next entered a complaint of dishonorable .war-fare, against the 'citizens' meeting which had been held in the city to discuss the Breckinridge bill. He laid all this to the blame of the Seventh-day Adventists, and siad that the exception in their favor in the Breckinridge bill is "generous to a fault. If there is any fault in the bill it is in being too generous " to those who observe another day than Sunday. He then de-clared that he spoke " for honorable war-fare ;" but when requested by a Luthern pastor of the city to allow him to say a few words upon the bill, Mr. Crafts promptly and decidedly informed him that " This is not a debating club," and that he could not speak in the convention. And when the editor of the AMERICAN SENTINEL had been denounced personally by name by one of the speakers, and he calmly requested, merely as a matter of privilege, to be allowed to reply to the personality, he was threatened with arrest. And that is the kind of honorable warfare that is characteristic of the American Sabbath Union. The next speech was by Hon. Nelson R. Dingley, M. C., from Maine. His was a religious speech throughout. It was for " the Sabbath as God gave it." It was for the enforced observance of the " Christian Sabbath." He declared that " the Chris-tian Sabbath is made for man ;" and that " where you find a young man who dis-regards worship and the Sabbath, you find the moral fibre of the young man is weakened " ; and that this "is a question that will grow until the whole Nation shall realize that the Christian Sabbath and free government stand or fall together." The next speech was by Hon. James Buchanan, M. C., of New Jersey. He began with a little passage between him-self and Mr. Crafts involving certain points in the game of whist, which we do not understand. He then said he be-lieved most thoroughly in the separation of Church and State, but not of morals and the State. He said he is a Baptist, and remembers the evils inflicted upon the Baptists in Colonial days, and con-sequently he " cannot vote for the Sunday bill for the observance of the Christian Sabbath but can vote for such a bill com-pelling one day of rest in seven; I cannot vote for it as the law of God, but can vote for it for the good of my fellowmen." Mr. Buchanan seems to think that the effect of such a bill will depend altogether upon the sense in which he votes ,for it. But when the bill is religious in itself, and those who framed it and who work most for it do so because it is religious, and because it is the law of God, his voting for it "for the good of men," will not in the least deprive it of its religious charac-ter. And when the legislation works only 