J1,111,111111111q11111'illi Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. . NEW YORK, APRIL 9, 1891. NUMBER 15. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW Yoaa. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - -Ł - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE. EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. AA soon as We leave generalities about the "inculcation of Christian morals" and undertake to determine specifically what Christian morals the public schools shall inculcate, we come upon matters of con-troversy about which people differ whose rights as citizens, as parents, and as tax-payers are precisely the same.ŠNew York Times. ENFORCEDŁ  labor on Sunday is a tyranny, and enforced idleness is the same. The civil, or any other, Sabbath is not nor ever was necessary for the preservation of our free institutions. California, where the, civil Sabbath does not exist, and where institutions are as free as anywhere, proveS the claim for the necessity of a Sunday law to be false: Sunday laws are neces-sary only to the preservation of religious institutions, and they are necessary to that purpose for no other reason than that professing Christians are not sincere enough to keep Sunday without ' being forced to do so.ŠSan Francisco paper-. REFERRING to a large foreign element in this country and the relation to Sunday of those who compoSe it, Alex. S. Bacon, Esq., of Brooklyn, at the second anniver-sary of- the American Sabbath Union, Ł It is useless to argUe with them; from the word of God,, for they do not recognize it as a rule of life. The Sabbath Recorder, the organ of the Seventh-day Baptists, thus states what it conceives to be one reason why it is useless :Š It is useless to argue with them from the word of God; but the reason which he assigns for such vain attempts hardly meets the case. It may be true that they do not place that importance upon the Bible as the rule of life which Protestant Christians in this country give it, but they also know that there is not one word of authority in the Bible for the observance of Sunday, as Mr. Bacon, or any one ' else, can easily ascertain. These foreigners, with their Ł ' bright intellects," and " susceptibility to argument," can not fail to see that these zealous advocates of Sunday fly in the face of the Scriptures to get rid of the Seventh-day SabbathŠthe only weekly Sabbath known in the Bible . For this reason it is useless to argue with them from the word of God. Is this not the reason also why they appeal to the State rather than to the divine law ? If they had a divine statute for Sunday would they be so ready to de-mand civil enactments ? The American Sabbath. MUCH inquiry has been made lately, as to what is "the American Sabbath." It seems to have been found out at last What it is. It seems to be the official organ of the American Sabbath Union, for there has just come to our table, Number 1, of Volume 1, of a twenty-four page publication, entitled, the American Sabbath, which is declared to be " the official organ of the American Sabbath Union." We are rather of the opinion that this is as definite an idea of what the " American Sabbath " is as can ever be attained. Yet, in several places Ł through the paper, we find reference made to "the American Sabbath, or Lord's day." Now, the Lord's day certainly belongs to the Lord. The expreSsion being in the possessive case, the day must be possessed by the Lord. He is the possessor of the Lord's day. Therefore if the Lord's day is the American Sabbath, it follows inevit-ably that the Lord must be an American. The National Reformers- have been a long while trying to make him an Amer-ican citizen. The Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, 'several years ago, joined the National Reformers in this project; and the two organizations have since been working diligently together to that end.  They propose to have the Lord made the chief executive in this .Nation ; but as the Constitution declares that " no person except a natural-born citizen, or a citizen, of the United States at the time of the adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to this office," it inevitably fol-lows that they must suppose the Lord to be a citizen of the United States. Such, however, is a very grave error into which these organizations have fallen; yet, to it they seem to be wedded. Now, we suppose that the members of these organizations who may read this, will cry out that we are very irreverent in thus writing; but this is a mistake also. With sincere reverence toward the Lord, we simply set forth the blasphemous ir-reverence of the pretensions and the de-mands of the American Sabbath Union, the National Reform Association, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. According to the American Sabbath, and the Constitution of the American Sabbath Union, " the object of the American Sab-bath Union is. to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship." The means by which it is proposed to accomplish this object, is by looking after " national and local legislation, for the protection of public peace and order, and for the rights of all classes of people to their weekly rest day." Every piece of legislation that we have yet seen that this Union favors, in behalf of the day of rest, has been to compel the observance of the day as such, under penalties all the way from $2.00 to $1,000. Now according to the declared objects of the Union, all this is in behalf of the Christian Sabbath; therefore this Union does distinctively propose to preserve and extend the observ-ance of Christian institutions, by law, that is, by the power of the State. More than this, these laws are intended to act alike upon allŠChristians, and non-Christians, Jews, infidels, and atheists. This is, in short, an attempt to compel all who are not Christians to recognize and observe a Christian ordinance. It is to compel those who are not Christian to act 