358 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. champion exact justice and equal rights to all men everywhere. The fealty of the just man is to justice. No Christian can be other than just and live up to his profession. Therefore the civil allegiance of the Christian, in a representative government, is to civil jus-tice first, and to no party except as the party of his choice may be the embodi-ment of civil justice. Politics and religion will not mix. The Christian can not be a politician, as the word politician is now understood. But this is not saying that the Christian man will not be a patriot, for he will be in the highest sense. If he be a Christian, he will love his neighbor as himself and will use all his civil rights and privileges for the benefit of his neighbor as for himself. That he may do this, it is requisite that he should have an intelligent acquaint-ance with civil affairs, and be capable of exercising a just discrimination as regards every civil measure. To be an intelli-gent and worthy Christian, a man must be an intelligent and worthy citizen. Such a man will not be unmindful of political revolutions, but he will himself be no part of them for selfish ends, but only for the furtherance of abstract right and justice. w. H. M. Religious Bigotry. WHEN one reads of the cruel religious persecutions in Tennessee under the laws of that State and contrary to the Consti-tution of the United States, he is forcibly reminded of the days and old scenes en-acted under the Spanish Inquisition. To know of conscientious men being thrust into prison in this country, there to lie until the uttermost farthing be paid as a penalty for violation of what the wise legislators of that State deem good law on the Sunday question, is indeed horrible. Four men in said State are reported to have lain in jail some months because of acting in accordance with their religious convictions, believing that the seventh day is the Sabbath and keeping that day, and further believing in the command that " six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," as well as the command, " but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work," etc. They were arrested for working on one of the six days, and although acknowledged to be good citi-zens otherwise, were thrust into prison to pay the penalty for what the statute books of Tennessee denominate a crime, no matter what his religious views may be regarding the Sabbath question. Such a law appears to be a kind of Church and State affair. A keeper of the seventh day has the same moral right to his convic-tions as the man who thinks he has it right when he observes the first day of the week as the Sabbath and keeps it. Old Tennessee should call a halt and re-trace her steps in that which she seems to have entirely ignored, the Constitution of the United States, which guarantees to every citizen the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science. The act of imprisoning men in this age for simply working on Sunday, at the same time they holding to the doctrine that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and keeping that day, savors too much of heathenism.ŠPalmyra, (Wisconsin) En-terprise. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Dassel Freeman, Dassel, Minn., has set apart a column for the presentation of questions pertain-ing to the subject of religious liberty. The matter is edited by Mr. 0. B. Knapp, who assumes the re-sponsibility for the views presented in that depart-ment. THE Eight-Hour Herald says in reference to workingmen and the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. "There is no question but that there exists a deep-rooted and insurmountable opposition in the minds of the working classes of this country to the Sunday closing provision. Our experience teaches us that this is one question upon which working-men can unite bodily, to all intents and pur-poses." THE Grand Chief Templar of the Independent Order of Good Templars of California, at the thirty-third session of the Order just held at Stock-ton, Cal., said: "We pray that our Columbian Exposition may stick to the strict Puritan-Amer-ican ideas of a sacred Sabbath." The Good Templars of California should read the history of the enforcement of the "strict Puritan Sabbath " before they acquiesce in these views of their Grand Chief. THE amalgamated religion of politics is likely to breed many ludicrous incidents. One religio-poli- tical event about as ridiculous as anything that has been reported since the resolutions of the Swine and Cattle breeders' Associations for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, has been narrated by the Christian Statesman. The comicality of the situation is heightened by the self-satisfied gravity with which the Statesman tells it. This is the item :Š A Republican torch-light procession in Pittsburg, on a recent Saturday night— when the clock struck twelve in the midst of the march, and ushered in the Sabbath, turned itself at once into a sacred " concert "-and the bands struck up, Š Here on the earth as a stranger I roam, Here is no rest, here is no rest. The aptness of the application of this couplet to peripatetic politicians is certainly apparent to the dullest mind, but the most agile perception fails to seize the devotional idea. THE press dispatches report that the Methodists of St. Louis have experienced a painful shock. In fact, the Methodism of St. Louis has received such a concussion that a reverend culprit is likely to be dislodged from his clerical seat by the recoil. As stated in the dispatch the head and front of the clerical offending seems to be the unpardonable sin of buying on Sunday. It appears upon investiga-tion of the case that the commodity purchased was cigars, but the fact that a minister should use ci-gars becomes apparently insignificant and unno-ticeable under the stress of the scandalous fact that they were bought on Sunday. True it appears, too, that the ministerial smoker also used profane language and was a bigamist, but these venial er-rors only serve as side issues, as it were, in the indictment for Sunday breaking under which this ecclesiastical sinner is to be brought before his conference. MRS. ALICE HOUGHTON, one of the board of Lady Managers for the State of Washington, writing to the Spokane Spokesman, says:Š Petitions will this week be placed in prominent business houses of this city, protesting against closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The casual observer, without stopping to investigate just what ground this covers will exclaim, " We must not foreignize our American Sabbath ; " and many go even farther and use the word "desecrate." Now let us pause for a moment and consider whether either word applies to the issue. . . . Let us look at this question fairly and honestly and let us  enroll our names among those who have some care and thought for humanity. Let us make this peti-tion of such magnitude that Congress will imme-diately feel the necessity in their coming session of repealing this law. Now that an organized effort to secure the Sun-day opening of the Fair has been started, it de-volves upon those who comprehend the true prin-ciple involved in this matter tto use special zeal in bringing it to the attention of those who give their names and influence to this Sunday Opening Asso ciation. The fact that they have been ready to do this is evidence that they are more than half way on the road to an understanding of the fact that this is a subject with which Congress has properly nothing whatever to do. THE corresponding secretary of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association, in an article in the Battle Creek Review and Herald, comments on the rapid progress of legislation upon religious ques-tions, and the attention which the discussion of the impropriety of such legislation is now receiving, as well as the evidence of its continuance in increas-ing ratio;  and says Ł Š As these agitatic .its thus become so intense, it fur-nishes us great opportunities to present the truth before the people, and we should not allow our-selves to be indifferent to the situation. We trust that all are planning for an active campaign in the circulation of our Religious Liberty literature this winter. This discussion will reach a high degree of earnestness with both advocates of the Sunday-closing and those who are opposed to it, and while the opening or closing of the Fair in itself may not be of much consequence, it brings up the whole subject of legislation on these questions and all should be ready to step in and give the word of truth. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, as well as other important reading matter, should be placed in the homes of many thousands of people where it has not gone as yet. It is an earnest call which the secretary of the Association makes. It is a timely one also. The daily evidences that it is being heeded are most encouraging. The attention of the Nation is now attracted to these questions. It is the time to put forth every effort, Šnow or never. THE Mail and Express speaks of the action of the Association organized in Chicago to secure the reversal of the Sunday closing provision attached to the World's Fair appropriation as " an aggres-sive movement by the Chicago Sabbath-breaking organization," and prints the following " special " in regard to it:Š The organization formed here a few weeks ago to secure the opening of the Exposition on Sundays has been doing a good deal of quiet work and will, in a few days, begin an aggressive movement throughout the country. This organization, composed as it is, not only of Chicago business men, but including in its mem-bership several widely known preachers, realizes fully that the Christian sentiment of the country is against its purposes. Still thousands of Chicago citizens demand that the Fair shall be open on Sun-days, regardless of the moral or civil law. The curious anomaly is presented by a move-ment headed by preachers that is opposed by church-goers throughout the country. The latter class here find much gratification in the fact that Bishop Potter, of New York, is the only prominent clergyman of any orthodox church who is conspic-uous in the Sunday opening movement. In Chicago the newspapers have generally advo-cated Sunday opening. The Herald has led in this and the campaign of the Sunday-breaking organ-ization is practically under its management. The leaders in this movement fully realize that they must secure action by Congress before they can legally open the gates of Jackson Park on the Sab-bath. The vote of $2,500,000 last spring by Congress in aid of the Exposition carried the express condition that the Fair should be closed on Sundays. It is to secure the amendment of this act of Congress that the Chicago organization is now at work manufac-turing public sentiment. The plan of campaign is to make Congress be-lieve when it meets next month that there is a pop-ular feeling throughout the country in favor of Sunday opening. To secure this a young news-paper man of Chicago is now making a tour of the large cities of the country seeking to secure 