256 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, APRIL 20, 1899. Do YOU know what is going on to-day in this country to secure the compulsory observance of Sunday as the SabbathŠto take away every citizen's liberty of choice in this mat-ter, yours among the rest? If not, do you care to know? And how much do you care? HEAR this that was said the other day in Pennsylvania, by a speaker representing a great combine of church organizations and labor unions: "We are going to have one vast confederacy and federation, but woe to him who stands up against it! Woe to him who desecrates the Sabbath!" Does this mean anything to you? And do you feel like doing anything about it? WE have just received several very good orders for clubs and single co-pies of the SENTINEL from our good patrons, which lead us to believe that there is an awakening along SENTINEL lines. We are very much pleased to note this; and if there are any of our readers who think the time has not yet come to "awake out of sleep" and get before the peo-ple, through the SENTINEL, the prin-ciples for which it stands, we would earnestly request them to give the article, "The Issue in Pennsylvania," on the front page of this paper, a careful reading. READ the statement given in this issue by Hon. T. J. Morgan, Indian Commissioner under President Har-rison, with reference to the work of the Catholic Church in politics, as represented by the Catholic Bureau of Indian Missions established at Washington.. It is somewhat long,  but every paragraph is to the point. And remember as you read that this Catholic political bureau is still there, and has not in the least abandoned its determination of securing gov-ernmental recognition and support for the Catholic Church. And re-member also, that a Protestant "reform bureau" is also in full oper-ation at the same place, under the management of Rev. W. F. Crafts, which aims to force national legisla-tion into.religious channels and even to exclude from Congress such can-didates as will not be controlled by it in the national, legislature. And then ask yourself if there is any need in this country of such a paper as the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and if it ought not to have the earnest sup-port of a large number of people, yourself among the rest. A SUNDAY- CLOSING campaign is being conducted in the upper portion of this city, says a New York paper, by the pastor of St. Mary's Protest-ant Episcopal Church. His plan of campaign, it is stated, is to "go about quietly appealing to the peo-ple who purchase goods on Sunday, and talk with the shopkeepers." He will make a "house to house canvass, appealing to each person." He is confident that he will in time secure complete Sunday-closing. All this is proper enough, and so long as he confines his crusade to such methods we shall have not the slightest objection against it. We wish other Sunday crusaders could be induced to follow suit. LAST January two citizens of San-ford, Tenn.,Šseventh-day observers Šwere arrested for not keeping Sun-day, and put under bonds for trial. The trials have just been held, and one of the defendants writes us of the result. He says:Š "The Lord gave us the victory. Judge Young, from Sweetwater, Tenn., sat on the bench, and treated us very fairly and kindly, as did also the sheriff and all attorneys present, including the prosecuting attorney,  General Fletcher. The latter told us he prosecuted our Graysville breth-ren a few years since, greatly against his own wishes. He says our people are among the best citizens in that part of Tennessee." Surely no State ought to maintain a law under which its judges and prosecuting attorney feel bound, much against their wishes, to prose-cute its best citizens. Such prosecu-tions are not sustained by the best public sentiment and never accom-plish anything beyond causing an expense to the State and gratifying the religious prejudices of a few peo-pleŠalways the instigatorsŠwho are not willing to tolerate any Sabbath observance out of harmony with their own practice. THE Church Federation in Pitts-burg, Pa., has appointed 6,000 cen-sus takers to take a religious census of the city. Every family will be visited, and the religious standing of every resident will beascertained and put on file for the use of the Federa-tion. The Roman Catholics are in the project equally with the Protest-ants. It is claimedindeed that there are only 36,000 Protestant Church.  members in the city, out of a total population of over 400,000. A PRESS dispatch from Washing-ton, dated April 9, alluding to the seizure of San Mun Bay, in China, by Italy, says: "At the State Depart-ment the China or Eastern question is believed to be the next great inter-national question in which the United States will interest itself." CONSERVATIVE estimates by army authorities now say that 100,000 men are needed to enforce and main-tain peace in the Philippines. WE are in this world to give, not to get; and the one who gives most will get most. CHURCH federation joins truth with error. 