AlVIERICA.N SENTINEL. 345 City, it is stated, "the Baptists, Congregationalists, Lu-therans, Methodists, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, and the Reformed churches combined do not quite equal the Roman Catholics." "In Chicago we find the Lutherans leading all the Protestant bodies, but unable to match in numbers the Roman Catholics, without the addition of the Baptists, the Methodists, the Presbyterians, and the Episcopa_ Bans. "In Philadelphia we find the Roman Catholics con-siderably exceeded by the Methodists and Baptists, or by the Presbyterians and the Episcopalians, united. "In Brooklyn the Baptists, Lutherans, Methodists, and Presbyterians nearly equal the Romanists." Sunday Breaking and Its Penalty in Ontario. MAY 7, 1899, two brothers by the name of Scratch, sons of a local Methodist minister, united in spying out Benj. Sherk who was engaged in working on his farm that day. Mr. Sherk is a Seventh-day Adventist, be-longing to the Albuna church, Ontario. The case was tried at Leamington, Ont., May 19, at 2 P. M., the writer appearing for Mr. Sherk. In cross examination the witness who laid the complaint swore that he drove about ten miles, then went with his brother about(?) forty rods to get near. Mr. Sherk. When asked why he went to all this trouble on Sunday, he replied, "I did it so I might prosecute him." The younger Scratch said he was on good terms with Mr. Sherk, but it troubled him to see him ride a roller on the Lord's day. He believed Sunday to be the Lord's day. He was afraid his children would not know which day was the Sabbath. He went to spy out Mr. Sherk so as to prosecute him to save the rising generation. Mr. Sherk was charged with being found unlawfully working at his ordinary calling on the 7th of May con-trary to statute. It may be remembered by the reader that the Ontario Sunday law was amended some time ago so as to incorporate the word '.farmer" into the statute. The representative from the district where Mr. Sherk lives was the mover of the amendment, and he afterwards wrote that he had succeeded at last, and now he was sure the people in Essex in a certain locality would not be disturbed by 2nd-day Adventists working on Sunday. The intent of the law was directed against a certain class of men, and that because of their religion. The prosecu-tion of this first case was conducted upon a religious basis. The justice told how they of olden times who even picked up sticks on the Sabbath day were put to death. He did not intend to give a death sentence but would fine Benj. Sherk five dollars and costs, fine and costs amounting to ten dollars and two cents, to be paid at once or else orders to seize property and by distress obtain money; if failing to find property, then Mr. Sherk  would be confined thirty days in the county jail at Windsor. We are happy to say that by far the greater majority of Mr. Sherk's neighbors are much opposed to such work. They say he is a quiet man and a good neighbor, and should be left alone. The old plea, "It is the law of the land," was given as the reason for the prosecution. A spirit to persecute all who in any way deny the right of the State to enforce Sunday keeping by law, is strengthening here very rap-idly. The Lord's Day Alliance people are determined to secure from the legislature laws that can be enforced° The principle here is the same as in the States, and must be met. Stormy times appear to be upon all who wish to obey God's law in Ontario. P. M. HOWE. Another Sunday Arrest and Fine. A MEMBER of a Perth, New Brunswick, community, which observes the seventh-day Sabbath, writes the fol-lowing to this office under date of May 25:Š "May 22nd, Bro. J. J. Brown was called before the magistrate to answer for the charge of working 'at his ordinary calling,' namely, farming, the particular work being plowing on 'the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday.' For this, he had to plead guilty because he did work on that day; therefore he was deprived of the right to plead for himself or to have any one plead for him. We were told that there was no chance to plead, as he had confessed to the crime and there was no dis-cussion whether the Sunday was the Lord's day or not; it was simply the law of the land and must be obeyed. The fine was one dollar and costs, the amount of which I do not know as it has not been paid. The arrest is under a new Sunday law just passed. It is a trial of faith to the parties in question, as Bro. Brown is a poor man and has had some sickness in the recent past. His prosecutors are bent on making future trouble. Pro-viding they continue to fine him and levy costs he will soon have nothing! H. J. FARMAN." This poor man, who can only support his family by working six clays in the week, and who conscientiously observes the seventh day as the Sabbath, is. obliged to pay deference to the belief in Sunday sacredness, at the expense either of his family's comfort, or of his con-science. He is fined one day's time each week if he keeps the Sunday law, and one dollar and costs, or more, every time he breaks it. What kind of a law is it that penalizes an individual whether he keeps it or not? Considering that conscience must be sacrificed in ad-dition to the financial loss of one day's time in every week, if this "law" is kept, while only a financial loss is,  to be encountered by disregarding it, it is plain that the,  latter course can be afforded by anyone vastly better than the former. The value of conscience cannot be measured in money. The loss of conscience is a greater calamity than the loss of money, or of personal liberty, or even of life itself. 