AMERICAN SENTINEL. 767 than man's natural fear of power inman took possession of Christ's followers, and men flocked to hear their wit-ness. The fearful Peter who had denied his Lord, boldly tells the truth, declaring them the malefactors in putting to death the Prince of life and glory. He had overcome the fear of man and of devils by the power of the Holy Ghost." "It was a grand exhibition. I wish I had been there," said Cecil. "More than that, Meek, I wish I had been Peter himself. I glory in such courage, such truth and zeal." "Well, Cecil, it is all for us. The promise is to us, and to as many as the Lord our God shall call, and it is, I am convinced, the only power by which feeble, fallen man may be a victor over the power of the world, the flesh and the devil. This is the power that is for those who will cast aside human dependence, and who will rely wholly on the power of God." "Yes," said Cecil, "and that is to be strengthened with all power by the Spirit in the inner man. I wish it were mine; for indeed, Aleck, I do want to be true to truth." F. E. B. Studies in French History.-50. "Now THAT the great Colbert was dead," began the professor, "the kingŠLouis XIV., rememberŠappointed a man named Louvois, as minister of war, and to this man he listened, and to him gave his confidence, just the same as to Colbert." "I hope he was wise and kind," remarked Milly. "Well, Milly, when I tell you that it was partly through his influence that the king did the terrible thing of revoking the Edict of Nantes,Ša deed which made the nations of Europe tremble,Šyou will, I suppose, decide, and that justly, that he was neither kind nor wise." "I've forgotten about the Edict of Nantes," said Joe Palmeter, "will you please tell us something about it?" "Perhaps Joseph remembers who issued this edict, and for what purpose. Will you tell us what you may remember about it, Joseph?" "I believe Henry of Navarre first issued it," replied Joe, "so that Protestants might have the freedom of worshiping God as they chose." "Yes; you remember that he favored the Protestants and part of the time professed that religion. So he made a decree that they should have religious liberty. And this, people considered a very great libertyŠa very great privilege indeed. Nevertheless this edict had stood and was binding from the time of its being given until after the death of Colbert." "I suppose Louvois must have been a very devoted Catholic, and may be he thought he was doing right to influence the king against the Protestants," suggested Julia March. "It is well to be as charitable as possible toward all  men, Julia; but it is a fact, however, that this man did not care for any religion at all. He was a quarrelsome, impulsive, ambitious man, who loved to fight better than he loved peace. His influence added to that of Madam de Maintenon was that which induced the king to again begin the miserable business of persecuting people who did not agree with him in points of religious belief. Although the king's measures were at first quite mild, they continued to grow more and more intolerant. At last the king wrote an order like this: 'lir women, not noble, found at such assemblies [Protestant meetings], shall be whipped and branded with the fleur-de-lis."' "Why, I thought King Louis XIV. was such a polite man; I supposed he was very chivalrous," said Maggie Palmeter. "He was, indeed; so much so that he would always take off his hat to a servant girl, and yet he so far for-got himself as to persecute women as well as men most cruelly." "Did they succeed, finally, professor, in their object, of crushing out the religion of the Huguenots?" "0 no; but still, after a long time of the most cruel persecution and torture, thousands of people renounced the religion of their fathers, and professed Catholicism,Šnot because they were convinced of its righteousness, but only because they felt that they could endure torture no longer." "I don't see why people could not always be contented to convert men as the apostle did. You know professor, he said he didn't believe in forcing people, but in coaxing or convincing them. There's a verse in the Bible that is right to the point, only I can't think of it," said Julia March. "I presume the verse to which you refer is this one: `Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men,' answered the teacher. "But after the revocation of this famous Edict of Nantes, which occurred in 1685, and which was really about the same as signing the death warrant of all Huguenots who would not recant, it was decided by the foolish king and his cruel advisers that they could improve upon the apostle's manner of makingconversions; so they went about compelling men instead of persuading them. The ministers of the offend-ing denomination were given only two weeks to leave the country. But because they so dreaded to leave their poor people, some of them refused to go, so they were tortured and hanged and put upon the wheel and brokenŠwhich was a mode of punishment only meted out to crim-inals." "0!" exclaimed Milly Brown. "Why didn't they run away out of the country?" "Thousands of them did, though they were even for-bidden to do that. Finally, some of the countries of Europe formed a grand alliance against Louis. But he, anticipating an attack, sent soldiers over into Germany, and literally destroyed the district of Palatinate, leaving 100,000 people homeless wanderers." "I suppose the poorer classes in France felt the hor- 