522 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Really," says the general, "we ought to have thought of this before. It is a bad time to commence the study of tactics when the enemy is right before us; but I suppose we are bound by the treaty. What is the first thing, Mr. Chaplain?" " 'Thou shalt not kill.' Thou shalt love thy neigh-bor as thyself.'" "But these are not, my neighbors. They are Mexi-cans." "The same Book tells us, a little further on, that the opportunity to do good to a man makes him our neigh-bor." "Will you go on, Mr. Chaplain?" "`Love your enemies.' Do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.' If a man 'smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.' " "But while we are praying for the Mexicans, they will be firing into us." "No; they are bound by the treaty also. It works both ways." "Then I don't see as there is anything for us to do here." "Nothing, unless you send over and ask the Mexican general if he needs anything in the way of medicines, pro-visions, or clothing; I rather think the treaty requires this of us." "But how do you ever know which party conquers in the fighting on Christian principles?" "That is the great beauty of it. Both sides conquer, and there are never any killed and wounded.",  The Subtle Fiend of Intoxication. "Scientific American," August 13. THE startling, increased, and general consumption of substitutes for alcoholic beverages, and the vast market found for cheap and drugged spirits, raises again the pertinent question whether the restriction placed upon the sale of absolutely pure products does not work harm rather than good; whether the enforce-ment of laws insuring purity will not better serve the cause of temperance. Possibly acts that will combine the two measures will produce the best results. It is known that, since the embargo of home-brewed ales has been in force, the consumption of spirits has greatly increased in Great Britain, and far beyond any ratio of increase of population; that more public houses are in existence; cologne drinking, chloral and cocaine taking, ether tippling, and the consumption of narcotic drugs generally, are in common vogue and daily, almost hourly, assuming enlarged proportions. Here is one of the greatest problems of our sociology, one that is, ap-parently, as far from solution as it was a century ago. The outward appearance as regards consumption is more seemly, but the surreptitious consumption of nar- cotics is in no way mitigated, but rather the contrary. The thanks and honors of the world await the individual who can formulate a scheme of reform that will be alike practicable and effective. What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 10. BY C. H. 'KESLAliE. How SHALL we worship God? This question is asked in view of the fact that in the everlasting gospel of Rev. 14:6.7, every nation, kindred, tongue, and people are ex-pressly enjoined -to "worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters." It must be plain to every mind that unless one wor-ships God aright it is not true worship. There is such a thing as worshiping God ignorantly. Paul preaching to the Athenians said, "Whom therefore ye ignorantly wor-ship, him declare I unto you." From this it will be seen that to render acceptable worship unto God one must know him. This does not mean to know something about God, but an actual knowledge of him, just as he is. To the woman of Samaria Jesus said, "Ye worship ye know not what." John 4:22. And so it is that thou-sands to-day believe that they are worshiping God when it might be truly said of them, "Ye worship ye know not what." But the instruction that Jesus gave to the woman of Samaria is good for us now, and will help us in our sin-cere efforts to render acceptable worship. In a sense as never before comprehended perhaps, the "hour comethŠyes, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father "in spirit and in truth, for the Father seeketh such to worship him." John 4:23. And the reason of this is that "God is a Spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." Verse 24. Our conceptions of God must be right conceptions. To worship in spirit and in truth we must know the truth concerning God. But how shall we know it? "Canst thou by searching find out God? Canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection? It is as high as heaven; what canst thou do? deeper than hell; what canst thou know?" Job. 11:7,8. The surest way to find out God is to believe what he says of himself in his Word. He is the "God of truth" (Jer. 10:10, mar.); therefore what he says of himself is absolutely true. If we discount any statement that God makes concerning himself, to what extent we say such statement is not true to that extent we fail to have a right conception of God. And while what he says of him-self is perfectly true, and in it he reveals what he is, our unbelief of that statement will eternally prevent us from knowing God as he is. And not believing what he says renders us unfit to "worship him in spirit and in truth." 