60 THE Ai 1E SENTINEL. has a right to seven days' wages for six days' work, then he has an equal right to six days' wages for five days' work; and to five days' wages for four days' work; and to four days' wages for three days' work; to three days' wages for two days' work ; to two days' wages for one day's work ; and to one day's wages for no work at all. This is precis* what the proposition amounts to. For in proposing to pay seven days' wages for six days' work, it does propose to pay one day's wages for no work. But if a man is entitled to one day's wages for doing nothing, why stop with one day? Why not go on and pa, him full wages every day for doing nothing? But it may be argued that we have misinter-preted the meaning of the petition; that, as it asks that nobody be allowed to hire another for more than six days of any week, it may mean only that six days are to compose a week; and that it is a week's wages of six days only that is to be paid for six days' work. That is not the mean-ing of the petition. It is not the intention of those who are gaining the support of the Knights of Labor by inventing and circulating the peti-tion. At the hearing on the Sunday bill before the United States Senate Committee on Educa-tion and Labor, December 13, 1888, Dr. George Elliott, pastor of the Foundry Methodist Church, Washington City, was speaking in favor of the bill. Senator Call asked him this question :Š " Do you propose that Congress shall make pro-vision to pay the people in the employ of the Gov-ernment who are exempted on Sunday, for Sunday work?" Mr. ElliottŠ" I expect you to give them ade-quate compensation." Senator CallŠ"Do you propose that the same amount shall be paid for six days' work as fin. seven ?" Mr. ElliottŠ"I do; for the reason that we be-lieve these employes can do all the work that is to be done in six days. And if they do all the work, they ought to have all the pay." There it is in plain, unmistakable words, that they deliberately propose to have laws, State and National, which shall compel employers to pay seven days' wages for six days' work. This is sheer Socialism; it is the very essence of Socialism. No wonder they gained the unanimous indorse-ment of the Convention of the Knights of Labor, and of the Locomotive Engineers, and the Social-istic Labor Union of New York City, by propos-ing to pay them good wages for doing nothing. But this is not all. The Knights of Labor not only accept the proposition, but they carry it farther, and logically too. This principle has been advocated for some time by the Knights of Labor in demanding ten hours' pay for eight hours' work, virtually two, hours' pay for doing nothing. The Christian Union and the Catholic Review propose to help the workingmen secure their demanded eight-hour law, and then have the workingmen help to get the six-day law by for-bidding all work on Sunday. Dr. Crafts and Dr. Elliott go a step farther, and propose to secure the support of the workingmen by having laws enacted compelling employers to pay them full wages on Sunday for doing nothing. But the Knights of Labor do not propose to stop with this. The same copy of the Journal of United Labor which contained Dr. Crafts's speech, con-tained the following in an editorial upon this point :Š " Why should not such a law be enacted? All the work now performed each week could easily be accomplished in five days of eight hours each if employment were given to the host of willing  idle men who are now walking the streets. It is a clime to force one portion of a community to kill themselves by overwork, while another portion of the same people are suffering from privation and hunger, with no opportunity to labor. The speech of the Rev. Mr. Crafts, published elsewhere, fur-nishes an abundance of argument as to why such a law should be put in force." So when the Sunday-law advocates propose to pay a week's wages for six days' work of eight hours each, because all the work can be done in six days that is now done in seven, then the Knights of Labor propose to have a week's wages for five days' work, because, by employing all the idle men, all the work that is now done in seven days can be done in five. And as Dr. El-liott has said, "If they do all the work, they ought to have all the pay." But if a week's wages are to be paid for five days' work of eight hours each, that is to say, if two days' wages can rightly be paid for no work at all, why should the thing be stopped there? If the Government is to take control of the railroads all the time in order to pay two days' wages for doing nothing, and if the States are to enact laws compelling employers to pay employes two days' wages for doing nothing, then why shall not the Govern-ment, both State and National, take possession of everything, and pay the laboring men full wages all the time for doing nothing? For if men have the right to one day's wages for no work, where is the limit to the exercise of that right ? The fact of the matter is that there is no limit. If a man is entitled to wages for doing nothing part of the time, he is entitled to wages for doing nothing all the time. And the principle upon which Dr. Crafts and his other Sunday-law confreres gain ,the support of the workingmen to the Blair Sunday bill is nothing at all but the principle of down-right Socialism. NOTE.ŠThe statement of the Christian Union referred to above is as follows :Š "It is very clear that if our Sabbath is to be preserved at allŠand we are sanguine of its pres-.ervationŠthe non-religious sentiment of the coun- ' try must be brought in to re-inforce the religious demand for Sabbath rest, and it is increasingly evident that this is entirely practicable. And, curi-ously, what renders this practicable is that horrid ' Socialism ' which keeps some good people lying awake o' nights in fear and trembling. One of the Sabbath Committee in Philadelphia is, indeed, rep-resented as relying `upon the law of the Sabbath as promulgated by the Creator.' But the majority of Americans, including large proportions of those who are most desirous of preserving the Sabbath, will never consent to see a purely religious obliga-tion enforced by civil penalties. On the other hand, pure individualism affords an entirely ade-quate legal basis for anything like adequate Sabbath legislation. . . Modern, and, if our readers please so to regard it, Socialistic polit-ical economy . . . holds that the community has a right to act as a unit ; . . . it has a right to fix upon a legal holiday or an eight-hour standard for the normal labor dayŠif it judge this best. In short, no eight-hour man can consistently deny the right of society to maintain a Sabbath by legal provisions; and . . . no advocate of Sabbath laws, unless he maintains the right of the State to establish a purely religious observance, can consist- ently deny the right of the community to fix a normal labor day; . . . and Christian Social-ism finds a place for both." The statement of the Catholic Review, also re-ferred to, is as follows:Š "The time is near at hand when those who have so warmly advocated eight hours as a workman's day will find it necessary to agitate for six days as a workman's week. If the labor organizations  are really anxious for an issue on which they can have the help of the vast majority of the Ameri-can people, let them take up this of Sunday labor. They will find enormous obstacles to contend with in the widespread avarice of the non-Catholic workingmen as well as of the capitalists. If the limit of a day's labor to eight hours is calculated to re-strain the overproduction to which they object, the cessation of Sunday labor, which is now car-ried on to an extent enormously in excess of what the general public is disposed to believe, would exercise a still further restraint in this direction." A. T. J. What Does It Mean ? WHAT means the introduction of a Sunday bill and a resolution for a change of the Consti-tution by Senator Blair, so as to secure certain religious observances, and the first and second reading of that bill in the Senate without a dis-senting vote ? What means the petition favoring the passage of the bill:circulated in our streets and the pre= sentation of the names of 5,000,000 petitioners by the National Reform Association, the Evangel. ical Alliance, and the W. C. T. U., for the enact-ment of those laws? What means the invitation to the Catholic Church, by the National Reform League, to co-operate in these measures? What means the command of Pope Leo XIII., that all Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States and legislation to be modeled on the principle of the true church? What means Cardinal Gibbons, a prominent Catholic, being taken as an exponent of 7,200,000 Catholics in favor of the'proposed measures? Does it not mean a gigantic conspiracy to revolutionize our Government, and in its stead to establish a theocracy, or ecclesiastical Govern-ment?ŠAlexandria (Minn.), Post. .-...  False Religion Not Incompatible with Good Citizenship. IT is possible that a religion may be at variance with common sense and with the word of God, and yet so far as civil society is concerned, be per-fectly harmless. For instance, some may believe that the body and blood of Christ are, in con-tradiction to their senses, verily and indeed taken by the faithful in the Lord's Supper, and yet be as temperate, upright and beneficent as their neighbors who believe that the bread and wine in that ordinance are merely symbols of the body and blood of Christ. Again, some may be pleased to have other gods besides Jehovah, the living and true God, in opposition to the first pre-cept of the decalogue; and some may go a step further, and have pictures and images of God, in defiance of the second, and yet be as good citizens as the most rigid Unitarians, or the most ortho-dox Calvinists. Probably some of my readers begin to think that this is carrying toleration too far, and that the writer is criminally indifferent to the honor of God; and yet, perhaps, there is not one of all these who is not in the daily habit of break-ing the third commandment, by taking the sacred name in vain! "Religion is the cause of God, and it is at our peril that we neglect to support it." And does it follow, that we are Jo support it: by whatever means the devil, or his emissaries; may suggest? If we make a distinction between what is divine and what is.human, we ought much more to dis-tinguish between what is divine, and what is in-fernal. Do we serve God, that God who is good 