12 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. tribution of the Common School Fund." It is understood the same bill is to be introduced this coming winter. Now for ourselves we do not want to see anything of the kind; and it does seem strange that Protestants, whose good inten-tions and conscientiousness of conviction can-not be questioned, do not see the danger that lies in the direction of converting our schools into theological seminariesŠwe use the term advisedly, for there can be no religion taught without theology, although a great deal of theology may be inculcated carrying with it not one particle of soul-saving religion. Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter:- 1. Stand by our schools as they are. Any dif-ferent course is fraught with danger to the State and the cause of religion. We want no open door through which theological ani-mosities and burning controversies over ped-agogical fitness to instruct religiously, can enter; there are enough of these disturbing the church councils, conventions, and missionary societies to-day! 2. Develop religion in the home. We need to get back to first principles and first practices, when the Scriptures were, committed by the young, and read by all. We need to return to the earlier days of the republic, when re-ligion was imbibed with the mother's milk, and when the'" Cotter's Saturday Night" was not less a beautiful poem than a living fact, transplanted to the earlier homes of the Amer-ican colonies. To this work the church should and must address itself. And when this re-sult is reached we shall hear no more pleas made for theological instruction in the schools, for the religious truth will have been received through the religious life, as exemplified and inculcated and imparted in the hallowed, en-during precincts of the home.ŠChristian at Work. -Never a State Religion. A RECENT Monday issue of the New York Herald contained the following report:Š The Rev. Dr. Armitage, pastor of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church, preached to a large congregation yesterday morning upon "Divine Dealings with our Country." He reviewed the formation of the Constitution and congratu-lated his hearers that the members of the convention had been divinely led to omit from the Constitution any reference to God, and instead to make one of its clauses read, "No religi@tus test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust un-der the United States." But even this lan-guage, explicit as it is, did not seem to the Baptists of Virginia in 1788 a sufficient guar-antee of religious liberty. They feared that, in spite of it, a State religion might be es-tablished by Congress, and they wrote to Washington complaining that the convention had not taken a more decided stand. Wash-ington replied that he deeply regretted that the Baptists, whose courageous patriotism had been: shown in many a battle during the Revolution, should have grounds for any  such fears, and that he would recommend that Congress should consider the matter. This led to the first amendment to the Con-stitution : " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free use thereof," which settled the question of religious liberty in this coun-try for all time to come., It was ridiculous for anyone to say that the fathers of the Constitution had any idea of establishing an atheistic nation. Almost all of them were professing Christians, but they felt that their business was to construct a civil governmentŠa republic, not a theoc-racy. To have introduced the name of God into the Constitution as the head of the Na-tion and then to have left his relations and his honors undefined, nor provisions made for his worship and his support on the part of the Nation, would have introduced a subject of perpetual contention into the body politic, because it would have stood as an anomaly in the great instrument. The logical se-quence must have been the establishment of a State religion of some sort as a legacy of perpetual strife. Misdirected "Enthusiasm." THE annual address of the president of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union is an important document. Not for any particular views of temperance or tem-perance methods, but because of its views of religion and politics and of religio-political methods. We shall here note some of them. We could not attempt to notice the address in detail for it occupies more than seven solid pages of the Union Signal. We shall only quote the most striking passages. Addressing her beloved comrades, the president said:Š " The marshaling hosts of which you are the vanguard, represent the downfall of sec-tarianism in religion, and the death of sec-tionalism in politics. The bugle of your ad-vance strikes the key-note of the church universal. . . . The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, National, and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying en-thusiasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's king. Yea, verily, THIS WORLD'S king in its realm of cause and effect ; king of its courts, its camps, its commerce; king of its colleges and cloisters; king of its customs and its constitutions." The " undying enthusiasm " of these enthu-siastic ladies will be dead more than a thou-sand and one years before ever they see any such thing as that. For it is "THIS WORLD," mark it, not the world to come, of which they have so enthusiastically set themselves to make Him the KingŠking of its courts, camps, cloisters, commerce, etc., etc.Šand no such thing as that will ever be. The word of God says that when Christ comes to "Tins WORLD" as King of kings, and Lord of lords, "Out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations; and he shall rule them with a rod of iron ; and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God. . . . And I saw the beast, and the kings of the-earth, AND THEIR ARMIES, gathered together to make, war against  him that sat on the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark_of the beast, and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone. And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat' upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth; and all the fowls were filled with their flesh." See Rev. 19 :11-21. Again:Š " The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of poli-tics.' . . . There are enough temperance men in both [the Democratic and. Republican parties] to take possession of the Government and give us national prohibition in the party of the near future, which is to be the party of God. . . . We pray Heaven to give them no rest . . . until they shall . . . swear an oath of allegiance to Christ in poli-tics, and march in one great army up to the polls to worship God.' . . . I firmly be-lieve that the patient, steadfast work of Chris-tian women will so react upon politics within the next generation that the party of God will be at the front." And this maps out the result:Š " Concerning the platform of our next Na-tional Prohibition Convention, I am content to leave it substantially where it is, save that it should declare Christ and his law to be the true basis of government, and the supreme authority in national as in individual life. I greatly desire and hope that we may use our influence to secure this end. Such a declara-tion must be clearly divested of anything that looks toward a union of Church and State, to which all enlightened Christians are thor-oughly opposed, but must as explicitly recog-nize Christ as the great world-force for right-eousness and purity, and enthrone him King of nations in faith, as he will one day be in fact, through Christian politics and laws, no less than Christian living." But how such a declaration as that is to be clearly divested of anything that looks to-ward a union of Church and State, is what we should like to know. We wish the worthy president of the National W. C. T. U. had given some instruction or at least some hint as to how it is to be done. Notice, " It should declare Christ and his law to be the true basis of government, and the supreme authority in national as in individual life;" it must ex-plicitly recognize Christ, "and enthrone him King of nations in faith." Now Christ is the head of the church, and the church is his body. Gal. 1 :18. Therefore if Christ be en-throned in national affairs it is only the en-thronement of the church in national affairs; if Christ be enthroned in the State, the church is thereby enthroned in the State, for the church is his body. To declare Christ and his law to be the supreme authority in na-tional life, is inevitably to declare the church and its law to be the supreme authority, in na-tional life ; and that is the most perfect union of Church and State; because the church is. Christ's body, and you can't enthrone him without enthroning his body. This is the Scripture truth of the matter, and when the Woman's Christian Temperance Union pro-poses to do what they here announce, and 