340 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. tion is, Shall the State change its "holy day" for a holiday? But what right has the State to have a holy day ? And if the State has a holy day what right has the State to require the individual to observe that holy day if he does not wish to ? The rights of the State are simply the rights of the individuals. The State has no rights apart from the individuals. The State exists simply and solely to secure the free exercise of individual rights. It is for this purpose that "govern-ments are instituted among men," as declares the Dec-laration of Independence. But the point we wished specially to note is that according to the logic of the situation and of the de-mand made by the Sunday Rest Day Association, the State of Wisconsin not only has a "holy day" but that "holy day" is dependent upon a statute made by the legislature, not only for its existence as a holy day in the first place, but for its continuance as such. If the plea of the secretary means anything it means that let the civil law either be repealed or become a dead letter and the so-called holy day becomes merely a holiday. B. No religion has any right to the "protection" of civil law. Governments are not instituted among men to preserve religions, but to preserve rights. The Nature of Sunday Laws. There is one very important difference between Sunday laws, and law's creating and setting apart holi- days. It is this : Sunday laws are mandatory, while laws touching holidays are simply permissive. Sunday laws say that you shall neither work nor play ; while laws setting apart holidays leave the individual free to work, to play, or to be idle according to his own tastes and convenience. Familiar examples illustrating this difference be-tween statutes touching holy days and holidays are fur-nished by the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving, Christmas, etc. Business is very generally suspended upon these days, but people are not compelled to observe them as they are Sunday. The law simply makes such days dies non, or dies nefasti, that is, days upon which legal business cannot be transactedŠcourts do not sit, and notes, bills, etc., falling due on one of these days, are due and payable on the succeeding day. But nobody is required to observe such days by refraining from anything he wishes to do, which might properly be done on other days. He may work, he may play, or he may buy and sell, if he can find those who are willing to engage in trade with him. But he cannot compel his neighbor to answer to a suit upon a national or state holiday ; nor can he mulct a debtor in costs for  failure to redeem his commercial paper on such a day. In short, in the one case the egis of law protects the man ; and in the other, it shields the day. In other words, the law recognizing holidays seeks only to se-cure to the individual the largest measure of personal liberty ; while statutes touching Sunday are designed to secure from every man tribute to a religious insti-tution, and this for religious reasons pure and simple. B. A Tale of Two Nations.ŠIsrael and Im- perialism. God had set the people of Israel in the world for a double purpose. They were to give to all mankind the true principles of the Christian religion. They were also to give to all nations the correct principles of civil government. According to the plan of the Lord, Israel was to be a power among the nations; but she was not to be a nation among the powers. The principle of government by the consent of the governed was instilled into her national economy by God Himself. The King of Heaven caused this pre-cious principle to distill itself into the hearts of the children of Israel as the dew of the morning is distilled from above on leaf and flower. As long as Israel held to the principle of government by the consent of the governed and obeyed the mandate of God expressed in the words of Balaam, "From the tops of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him; lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations"Šas long as Israel obeyed this mandate, she would be great among the powers and blessed by them. With one voice they would pro-claim "Surely this great nation is a wise and under-standing nation, for what nation is there so great ?" ISRAEL A COMMONWEALTH. From all this it is clear that Israel was a common-wealth, and was so recognized in the Bible itself. The true principles of the Christian religion and of civil government were designed of God to be her crown of glory, in things spiritual and in things temporal. God was Israel's Sovereign by her own consent, as well as the Guardian of her every way. The government of Israel was administered in the name and by the authority of God. The work of Moses, of the seventy elders, of the rulers and judges, was simply to enforce the laws that God had given; they had no authority to legislate for the nation. This was, and for a time continued to be, the condition of Israel's existence as a nation. From age to age men in-spired of God were sent to instruct the people, and to direct in the enforcement of the laws. The civil government of Israel was very simple. 