AMERICAN SENTINEL. 617 In the work by Hobbs, entitled "The Day of Pente-cost," it is stated: "Saturday the 27th of May, A. D. 30, was the fiftieth day after the Paschal Sabbath." This means that the resurrection and the Pentecost cannot have both occurred on Sunday. The Roman Catholic Church makes no attempt to justify the change to Sunday upon anything that is taught in the Scriptures, the brief teaching in this cate-chism to the contrary notwithstanding. In a publication entitled, "A Doctrinal Catechism," by Stephen Kenan, approved by the late Cardinal Mc-Closky, New York, 1875, p. 174, he says:Š "Had she [the church] not such power she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her, she could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh day of the week, a change for which there is no Scriptural authority." Cardinal Gibbons, in his work, "The faith of Our Fa-thers," p. 111, says:Š "You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sancti-fication of Sunday." In the first place, if it is true that the Roman Catho-lic Church originated the observance of Sunday, as claimed, then it was not the custom to observe the day prior to the organization of that church. And, if it is true, as stated by these eminent prelates, that there is no Scriptural authority for observing this day, then its observance does not revert to the resurrection of Jesus, or to anything Scriptural. In the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gib-bons, there appeared a series of articles beginning Sept. 2, 1893, in which Sunday is given the title of "The Chris-tian Sabbath," and there follows in heavy lines, "The Genuine Offspring of the Union of the Holy Ghost and the Catholic Church, His Spouse." In this interesting series of articles this paper jeers the Protestant pulpits which ring with loud and impas-sioned invectives against violating Sunday sacredness, and declares that'"the claims of Protestants to any part in the Christian Sabbath are proved to be groundless, self-contradictory, and suicidal." If there was a sacredness clinging to Sunday that was due to Scriptural teaching, there would be no ground for insisting that the Protestant world have no claim to a part therein; but if however, the institution of Sunday observance is a man-made one, there might be a founda-tion for the assertion that the claims of the Protestants to a part therein are groundless. The fact also that the decrees of monarchs, centuries ago, commanding the observance of the first day of the week instead of the Sabbath designated in the fourth commandment of the Decalogue, did not make any men-tion of the resurrection, or refer to the Christian belief, and that these decrees were met by petitions from the members of the early Christian congregations asking ex- emptions from the decrees and the restoring to them of the Bible Sabbath, refutes the idea that the observance of Sunday is on a Scriptural foundation. God's Wages Vs. Man's Penalties. BY ALBERT WRIGHT. "THE wages of sin is death." That is the only pen-alty that the all-wise and merciful Ruler of the heaven and earth knows how to meet sin with. And if any gov-ernment legislates against sin, its use of any less penalty than death is sheer folly. But all the individuals of which any human govern-ment is composed are sinners. And sins being worthy of death, the only thing that can logically come of an attempt of human government to cope with sin, is self-destruction. The only legitimate province of human law is protec-tion from crimeŠnot recompense for sin. "Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." And any human power whatsoever, that undertakes this work, is but a manifestation of "that man of sin, . . who oppos- eth and exalteth himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the tem-ple of God, showing himself that he is God." 2 Thess. 2:3, 4. God's vengeance is as different from man's as love is from hatred. When one has earned wages he usually re-ceives them willingly. And the hardened sinner, who has rendered himself incapable of repentance, will welcome destruction to escape the presence of that glorious char-acter against whom his mind is enmity and his life rebel-lion. The quietude of oblivion will be as much better for him than an eternity of his own devices, as the happy estate of the righteous is better than their perilous yet peaceful pilgrimage of earth. But why should Satan deceive us, that we should walk the hard way of the transgressor to his dreadful goal, when the price has been paid to make us sons of God? Why not accept now the peaceful life of Christ, which even amid the fiercest persecutions is as much better than our own, as eternal life is better than de-struction. IF religion cannot support its own agencies and teach its own doctrines without the aid of the state, let it be cut down, for it alone cumbereth the ground. Faith without works is a stinking carcass; let it, for God's sake and man's, be buried. It is because I value the Holy Scriptures so highly, because I regard religious instruction as such an impor-tant and sacred duty, it is because I love the state, and Christianity more, that I plead that the church make herself responsible for all religious ministration, and that the state mind its own business, which is certainly not that of universal provider of religion for the community. .Rev. J. W. Roberts (Presbyterian, Australia). 