412 AMERICAN SENTINEL: "For years the prayers offered by politichl preachers in Congress, Legislatures and conventions have been a scandal to the godly and a cause for merriment among the impious. Of the egregious bad taste of such a per-formance as that at Toledo there can be no doubt. That all thought of the sacredness of the office the clergyman was filling was banished by the matter and the manner of his supplication was made evident by the fact that his auditors treated the prayer as they would a political stump speach, interrupting with applause whenever stirred by the speaker's sentiments. Such incidents only blunt the sentiment of reverence, yet they will be repeat-ed as long as political preachers are called upon to open political gatherings with prayer. It would be better to omit the opening ceremonies, since the very class of pulp-iteers least fit to discharge the duties of the office invar-iably seek it." REPORT comes from Somerville, a suburb of roston, that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of the place intend to stop the sale of soda water at the drug stores on Sunday and the sale of goods from bake shops. Also, that the board of aldermen have forbidden*Sunday sprinkling of the streets. Upon this an antichristian journal remarks: "These fanatics are determined to con-vince enlightened mankind of what many have already ventured to assertŠthat religion is a curse." Are You a Member of the International Religious Liberty Association ? THIS Association was organized to care for the famil-ies of those who were imprisoned for conscience' sake, and to disseminate the principles of religious liberty, es-pecially by means of the printed page. The Association is supported by members who pay one dollar a year as a membership fee and by donations from those inter-ested in its work. Since its organization, multiplied millions of pages of literature have been distributed and thousands of dollars given in aid of the oppressed, but the signs of the times indicate that the heat of the battle is still ahead of us. All members receive free, as fast as they are published, all issues of the Religious Liberty Library, a monthly publication with occasional extras, devoted to the dis-cussion of current religious liberty questions. July 1st is the date for sending letters to members of the Association asking for their annual offerings. These letters will cost nearly $25.00, a sum with which we could circulate half a million pages of tracts. Can not this sum be saved to the cause of truth by our friends sending in their dues and donations this year without waiting for our annual letter. We hereby kindly request that this be done. Those wishing to become members can do so on the payment of $1.00. Address all communications to the International Re_ ligious Liberty Association, 39 Bond St., New York, N. Y. Write your name and address plainly, so that we can  print it with our list of subscribers to the Library. Re-member the Library is free to members. We sincerely hope that our friends will respond promptly and thus make the annual letter unnecessary. A. F. BALLENGER, Secretary. The Sunday. Newspaper and Sunday Excursion Train. BY A. SMITH. A GREAT cry is raised by many of the clergy of the land against Sunday excursion trains and Sunday news-papers. holding them responsible as leading factors for much of the prevailing wickedness that exists at the pres-ent time. A newspaper carefully conducted on the principles of civil usage is altogether proper as a promoter of intelli-gence and social freedom, and is therefore just as prop-erly issued upon one day as another, except for religious reasons only. For the clergy to oppose it therefore, for supposed sabbath desecration, otherwise than by moral suasion, is to transcend the authority conferred upon them as ministers of the gospel by the Author of the Christian religion. The same principle is true concerning the running of excursion trains, or any other trains, upon Sunday or any other day observed as the sabbath. That church people themselves are largely responsi-ble for the so-called sabbath desecration complained, of, the following quotations indicate. In 1887, there was held in Elgin, Illinois, a Sunday law convention, many leading evangelists being present, at which the following resolution was passed:Š "Resolved, That we look with shame and sorrow on the non-observance of the sabbath by many Christian people, in that the custom prevails with them of purchas-ing sabbath newspapers, engaging in and patronizing sabbath business and travel, and in many instances giv-ing themselves to pleasure and self-indulgence, setting aside by neglect and indifference the great duties and privileges which God's day brings them." "Dr. Knowles, the editor of the Pearl of Days, said that the Delaware and Lackawanna Railroad found that when their trains were not running on Sunday five hundred Christian ministers in New York City went and used com-peting lines, giving all their traffic to them. Then the directors said, if these other roads can get the patronage of the preachers on Sunday then what harm is there in our carrying other people on Sunday."ŠBattle Creek Daily Journal. The following extract is from an article written by Rev. C. H. Zimmerman and published in the Union Signal, of Nov. 5, 1891, under the heading "So-called Christians Are the Offenders " :Š " A pamphlet before me with the above title alleges that moral and religious citizens are responsible for the inauguration of sabbath desecration by railroads. Rail 