202 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. much more must it be so in their own pri-vate schools. In this way the question could have been. argued and decided solely upon its merit, in the cool, dispassionate realm of law; all' room for political antagonisms and sectarian bitterness would have been avoicle4; and the victory would have been Complete, lasting and beneficial. As it is, however, entering as they have upon a political campaign to secure the defeat of these laws, the immediate effect will be to multiply party antagonisms ; to excite more deeply sectarian bitterness; to involve both the Lutheran and Catho-lic Churches in direct political action; and even if the campaign prove successful the victory can be but temporary, unless by constant political exertion they shall hold the power they shall have thus gained. But it is not certain that the opponents of the laws will be successful in the cam-paign. Reasonably certain it may be; but absolutely certain it is not. There are thousands of men who care very little about the question considered upon its merits, or who, if it were only a case in court, would be inclined to favor the de-feat of the laws ; yet when it comes to voting for a Roman Catholic, or a candi-date pledged to Roman Catholics, will vote*  against him for that reason only. It is easy enough to say and we agree that it ought not to be so; but that it is so no man can deny. But suppose the opponents of these laws succeed in electing all their candidates even to the Governor, that in itself does not remedy the evil of the laws. That is a task that still remains to be done by the Legislature; and an important question is, will they be able to secure sufficient power in the Legislature to repeal the laws entirely, or to modify them so as to annul all bad features ? or will they be compelled to adopt a compromise in the shape of some ambiguous phrases that will depend altogether upon the party in power for interpretation ? If they, should fail in the political cam-paign and then attempt to make a test in law, it will be at an immense disadvan-tage. And besides it would be but to stul-tify themselves. For, to submit a ques-tion to the decision of a political campaign is to consent that it is a question which may be justly settled by majorities. It is to agree that you will assent to the decis-ion whatever the result may be. But we do not believe that the Lutherans and Catholics in this case intend to assent to the righteousness of the decision, if they fail in the campaign, if the majority proves to be against them. If they do in-tend to assent, then they are in a most pitiable plight. The truth is that this is not a question of majorities at all, it is a question of rights only. And being a question of rights, and not of majorities, it has rightly no place in a political cam-paign. But admitting it to' be properly a ques-tion of majorities, even then a political campaign is the last resort. A successful campaign may secure the repeal of the law, but a successful campaign by the other side May at any time secure the re-enactment of the law. Whereas, if a favorable decision of the Supreme Court be given, that kills the law, and every other like it, forever. If, however, the Court should sustain the law, then a cam-paign issue would be in order. We are free to say, that we sincerely hope, that, by whatever means it may be, the Bennett Law and its counterpart 'in Illinois may be so effectually swept away that in practice they may never be heard of more. Yet at the same time we are also free to say that we think the oppo-nents of these laws have made a serious mistake in the method to be employed. The Lutherans and the Roman Catholics in these two States have started upon a course which they will find to be attended with large possibilities of mischiefŠpossi-bilities of mischief scarcely less if they succeed, than if they fail in the present campaign. A. T. J. An Outrage. THE Santa Rosa, California, Republi-can has the following editorial notice of the fining of R. M. King, a Seventh-day Adventist, in Tennessee, for working on Sunday:Š And this occurred in one of the United States of America, in the latter part of the nineteenth cent-ury I Let us hear no more about Blue Laws and witch burning. The Seventh-day Adventists are a deeply relig-ious people. Most faithfully do they observe the day which they believe is ordained of God for rest. On that day-  they do no workŠtransact no business. Often the day is kept at great inconvenience. But it is set apart by most members of the church and devoted to public and private worship. Then, too, the Seventh-day Adventists are gen-erally conscientious and honest people. They are reliable, and can be depended upon. Their code of morals is founded on their construction of Bible declarations. As a class they are true to their convictions of right, and equity, and 'justice. With them all these things are not a matter of custom, but of profound conviction as to the desire and purpose of the Almighty. And in this country there are States having laws under which these people, who have religiously observed the day of the week which they believe was divinely set apart for that purpose, are fined for working on another day! It is an outrage to so interfere with the enjoyment of religious liberty_ The Republican ought to know whereof it affirms concerning Seventh - day Ad-ventists, for the " Year Book of the Cal-ifornia Conference " shows that Santa Rosa has a church of that denomination numbering sixty members. In this Ten-nessee case the victim of the bigotry of his neighbors, and of an unwise and wicked law, was clearly a man of excellent char-acter; but that has nothing to do with the principle involved; the law would be just as bad if all who suffer under it were blacklegs. A law which makes possible  persecution for conscience' sake, ought not to exist in any State for a day. The law has, however, been sustained by the Supreme Court of Tennessee, as appears from a notice in another column of this paper. This does not prove that the law is right; it only shows that the people of that State need to be educated in the cor-rect principles of civil and religious lib-erty. Sunday Laws and the Working People. ONE argument much used in favor of Sunday laws is that such legislation is necessary to give the laboring classes a day of rest. Indeed this is a standard argument and it is urged in favor of both State and national laws for Sunday ob-servance. Senator Blair, the father of the well-known Sunday-rest Bill now on the calendar of the Senate, has himself stated the case thus :Š The mass of the working people would never get Sunday rest if there had not been a law of the land that gave it to us. There is that practical fact, and we are fighting for the tired, hungry man, woman, and child all over the country who want a chance to lie down and rest for twenty-four hours out of the whole seven days. The Senator probably believes this to be true; but he is certainly mistaken if he does, for the mass of the people now have, without effective Sunday laws, all the rest that they have a mind to take on Sunday. California has, for about eight years, been without any Sunday law whatever, yet it is the testimony of even the friends of Sunday legislation, that the day is as well observed there as in States having such laws. A residence 'of six years in one of the largest cities of that State, as well as observation in the largest city in the State, warrants the writer in saying that Cali-fornia has fully as good and as general Sunday observance as States having Sun.. day laws; very much better than this city. Secular work and business are very generally suspended upon that day, and the great mass of laborers have opportu-nity to spend the day as they see fit. Of course a few are compelled to choose be-tween losing their positions and working on Sunday, but that is no more true there than it is in States having Sunday laws. It is a very general custom to give those who work on Sunday some other day off, and there are few indeed, if we except housewives and servant girls, who work seven days in the week. The-  legislation proposed by the Senator would not do that which he assumes that it would do. Sun-day Jaws would, however, if they were framed as many demand that they shall be, virtually compel thousands to literally " lie down and rest " upon Sunday for it would make it impossible for them to do anything else. Only those who live in large cities can appreciate the privilege of an occasional outing in the country or in some park; but these Sunday-law people 