286 vol.. 9. No. 36. millionaires with their marble palaces are revelling in wealth and luxury, thou-sands of their fellow-beings are groveling in poverty, scarcely able to keep soul and body together. On the one hand, capital-ists demand legislation to make them richer, while on the other, the working-men " demand free rations first, and profit-able work a little later." And who is to say which of these classes are most justly entitled to their claims ? Capital is combining against labor, and labor is combining against capital. The recent outbursts are btit mutterings of the coming storm that will soon break upon our nation. How can it be otherwise when corruption is permeating our nation through and through ? " Courts of jus-tice are corrupt. Rulers are actuated by desire for gain, and love of sensual pleas-ure. Jurors are perverted, bribed, de-luded. . . . Drunkenness and revelry, passion, envy, dishonesty of every sort are represented among those who admin-ister the laws. `Justice standeth afar off; for truth is fallen in the street and equity cannot enter."* Modern religionists, seeing the deplor-able condition of society, are aware that, unless something is soon done, grievous results must follow. Sad it is that, while trying to correct the error, they do not profit by the experience of Rome, but un-dertake to bring about the desired end by uniting the Church with the State,Šthe very thing that led to the final overthrow of Rome. So instead of helping matters they make them worse. The cause of the present condition of things is the low grade of morality. Hence the only way to remedy it is to raise the moral standard. But while endeavoring to promote moral-ity, they undermine their work by taking away the very foundation upon which true morality stands. " Many ministers are teaching their people, and many pro-fessors and teachers are instructing their students, that the law of God has been changed or abrogated. . . . Those who teach the people to lightly regard the commandments of God sow disobedience to reap disobedience. Let the restraint imposed by the divine law be wholly cast aside, and human laws would soon be dis-regarded. . . . Already the doctrine that men are released from obedience to God's requirements has weakened the force of moral obligation, and opened the flood-gates of iniquity upon the world." t And will the affairs of our country get any better ? Will the individuals com-posing our nation turn from their down-ward course and help build up the Gov-ernment ? God's Word answers: " No "But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being de-ceived." 2 Tim. 3 :13. It being the case, that men will grow more corrupt, just as surely as the corruptions of the Roman people caused the fall of the Roman gov-ernment; the corruptions of the American people will cause the fall of the American Republic. H. F. KETRING. Lafayette, born a Romanist, and know-ing well the nature of Romanism and its antipathy to liberty, said : " If the liber-ties of the American people are ever de-stroyed, they will fall by the hands of the Roman clergy.ŠDenver American, Aug. 26. *" Great Controversy," page 586. t Id. pp. 633, 585. The Sabbath and the Sunday in the Church Councils. CERTAIN writers assert that the early Church, through its councils, set the Sab-bath aside and put the Sunday in its place. We have taken pains to gather the essen-tial facts on this point, and herewith sub-mit them to our readers. The nature of this department, "The Councils," is fairly set forth in the following:Š It is not till after the middle of the second century that we find the example of Jerusalem followed, and councils called to solve questions that threatened the unity and well-being of the Christian Church and community. The earliest councils, historically at-tested, are those convened in Asia Minor against the Montanists ; though it is by no means unlikely that at a much earlier period the Christian Greeks gave scope, in ecclesiastical affairs, to their instinct for organiza-tion, for taking common action in regard to matters affecting the public good. Near the end of the second century again varying views as to the celebration of Easter led to councils in Palestine, at Rome, in Pontus, Gaul, Mesopotamia, and at Ephesus. These councils were all specially called to consider particular ques-tions. But before the middle of the third century it seems that in Asia M—inor, at least, the councils or synods had become a standing institution and met yearly. About the same time we find councils in the Latin Church of North Africa. Before the end of this century there were councils meeting regularly in al-most every province in Christendom, from Spain and Gaul to Arabia and Mesopotamia, and by extension and further organization, there was soon formed a system of mutually correspondent synods that gave to the church the aspect of a federative republic,ŠEncyclopedia Britannica, Vol. VI., p. 458, 9th edition,. According to the popular belief, one would naturally expect to find much con-cerning Sunday in the records of these councils. We have made careful examin- ation of their history previous to the mid-dle of the fifth century, and give below every reference to Sunday or its observ- ance. It will be seen that the " Easter " question is the prominent cause for the few references which are made. The pe-riod covered by these investigations in-cludes the first two " Ecumenical," or general councils, and not less than eighty local and provincial ones. They cover the time to 429 A. D. There were no rules concerning Sunday as a Sabbath. The references to it are of an incidental char-acter rather than of a systematic consider-ation. The Synod of Elvira, Spain, 305 or 306 A. D. Canon 21, decrees that if one be staying in a city, and shall be absent from church on three Sundays, he shall be deprived of the communion for a "little time.' We have given the earliest date for this council, although there are strong reasons in favor of a later one, and the exact date is not known. History Church Council 3, Hefele, Vol. I., p. 145, Edin-burg, 1872. The 11th Canon of the Council of Sar-dica (343-347 A. D.), makes reference to the above action, as follows:Š Remember that our fathers have already directed that a layman who is staying in a town, and does not appear at divine service (celebrasset coniventson), for three Sundays, shall be excommunicated: and if this is ordered with regard to the laity, no bishop can be allowed to absent himself for a longer time from his church, or leave the people entrusted to him, except from necessity, or for some urgent business. The penalty of " excommunication " was added to many other acts besides staying from service for three weeks. In the col-lection of canons attributed to the "Fourth Synod of Carthage," which collection was evidently compiled during the sixth cen-tury, we find the following decrees :- 24. Whoever leaves the church during the sermon of the priest shall be excommunicated. 88: He who neglects divine service on festivals, and goes instead to the theatre, shall be excommuni-cated. In the fifth " Carthagenian Synod" (fifth century), Canon 5th declares On Sundays and feast-days no plays may be per-formed. It will thus be seen that the act of " excommunication " was not ordered be-cause Sunday stood above the other fes-tivals in sacredness, but rather that this was a common punishment. Indeed it is attached to an almost endless catalogue of acts and omissions. At the Council of Nice, the first Ecu-menical Council, 325 A. D., there was much discussion concerning the time of holding what is now called the Easter festival. In that discussion the Sunday is referred to several times as the time for the specific Easter celebration. But the reference throws no light upon the character of the Sunday, per se. The 20th Canon of the council is as follows :Š As some kneel on the Lord's day, and on the days of Pentecost, the holy synod has decided that, for the observance of a general rule, all shall offer their pray-ers to God standing. The Synod of Laodicea-343-381 A. D.Šfurnishes an oft-quoted decree, as fol-lows :Š Christians shall not Judaize and be idle on Satur-day, but shall work on that day; but the Lord's day they shall especially honor, and as being Christians, shall, if possible, do no work on that day. If, how-ever, they are found Judaizing, they shall be cut shut from Christ. The 16th Canon of the same council shows that this restriction could have ap-plied to only a part of the Sabbath, for it shows that it was a day of public religious service like Sunday. It is as follows:Š On Saturday [Sabbath] the gospels and other por-tions of the Scriptures shall be read aloud. Helefe says of Canon 16 :Š Neancler remarks that this canon is open to two in-terpretations. It may mean that on Saturday, as on Sunday, the Holy Scriptures shall be read aloud in the church, and therefore, solemn public service shall be held; and Canon 49, is in favor of this interpretation. It was also the custom in many provinces of the an-cient church to observe Saturday as the feast of the creation. Canon 49 reads as follows :Š During  Lent, the bread shall not be offered, except on Saturday and Sunday. Canon 51 says :Š During  Lent no feast of the martyrs shall be cele-brated, but the holy martyrs shall be commemorated on the Saturdays and Sundays of Lent. To this canon Helefe adds :Š For the obvious reason that on these days there was full and solemn service. The English translation of Helefe has incorrectly used Saturday for the " Sab-bath," in the foregoing paragraphs. The foregoing extracts constitute the testimony of the councils, local and gen-eral, down to the close of the first quarter of the fifth century. They show: (a) That little attention was paid to the Sun-day question by the councils, aside from its relation to the contest relative to the time of observing Easter. (b) These ex-tracts show that the Sunday had no pre-eminence in point of sacredness over the Sabbath, or over other festivals. Indeed, the order not to rest on the Sabbath indi-cates that the custom of abstaining from labor on that day still continued in force, and that cessation from labor on Sunday was not yet an established custom. These facts relative to what was said by the councils, show that after the time of Con-stantine the civil law was the stronghold of the Sunday. Its gradual elevation into the place of the Sabbath resulted from the seeds of paganism from which legislation began, and not from the religious experi-ences of the church.ŠThe Evangel and Sabbath Outlook. 