AMERICAN SENTINEL. 765 lican government. We went to war because Spanish op-pression and cruelty in Cuba had become intolerable. We do not propose that they shall be succeeded by Cu-ban oppression and cruelty." The meaning of which is that the American army must remain in Cuba until the Cubans give satisfactory evidence that they are able to govern themselves. Meanwhile American enterprises will obtain such a hold upon the island that it will be very difficult to convince a large class of enterprising and wealthy American citizens that Cuba ought ever to be released from Anglo-Saxon control. * THE following was printed, editorially, in the Pitts-burg Catholic, of November 16:Š "A striking sermon on purgatory was within this month preached in the Catholic church. The Catholic doctrine on this subject was laid down in clear and ex-plicit terms. They who were privileged to be present could not but realize the important duty devolving upon them, to be generous in their prayers, to storm heaven, as it were, by masses said and supplications for the souls in purgatory. By so doing the faithful people of God will find rest for themselves as well as for the suffering 121ouls." This is the precise doctrine, the preaching of which by Tetzel aroused the first active opposition of Martin Lu-ther. To-day the Catholic Church uses this scheme to draw money from the pockets of the people without any particular protest being heard. * AT a meeting called by colored people of Chicago to express their sentiments relative to the situation which has developed in the Carolinas, the following resolutions were passed, which, aside from the sentiment of regard for right and justice which they express, constitute a most forcible comment on the present pose of the nation as being divinely commissioned to propagate the princi-ples of free and just government among the peoples of foreign lands:Š "WHEREAS, The campaign of crime and bloodshed prosecuted by the white people of North and South Caro-lina against colored citizens has resulted in the butchery of more than a score of unoffending men, women and children; andŠ "WHEREAS, The openly avowed purpose of the white people to disfranchise colored voters and to drive colored men from positions in the public service has been success-fully accomplished through arson, mob law, Ind murder; be itŠ "Resolved, That the colored citizens of Chicago, in mass meeting assembled, respectfully appeal to the Pres-ident of the United States to give the cause of these op-pressed people the benefit of some recommendation in his next annual message to Congress, and we appeal to Con-gress to prosecute an investigation into the revolution in the Carolinas, and for the enactment of a statute which shall make representation in Congress dependent upon the number of qualified voters in the several states. "Resolved, That we express ourselves as unalterably opposed to the acquisition of foreign territory until the nation shows its purpose and power to govern its people at home. A government which cannot protect its citi-zens under the shadow of the capitol ought not to assume to protect 10,000,000 of foreigners 8,000 miles away. (Italics ours.) "Resolved, That we appeal to all fair-minded people for a patient consideration of the questions which agi-tate the nation, and, believing that the permanence and security of every nation must rest in the supremacy of the law, we earnestly bespeak for our race the support of public sentiment in our contest against mob law every-where, whether assailing our right to vote in North Car-olina or denying us the right to work in Illinois. "Resolved, That a copy of.these resolutions, properly engrossed, be sent to the President of the United States, a copy to each member of the Illinois delegation in Con-gress, and copies to the Chicago press." The Crime of Picking Apples on Sunday. "New York Journal," December 1. HAS a man the right to pick apples on Sunday on his own farm? That is the question which will engage the attention of the Westchester County Grand Jury next Monday. Mrs. Winifred Horton, an aged and pious resident of Sing Sing, says that such conduct is unlawful, and makes a specific accusation against her former neighbor, An-drew Eck. She charges that on Sunday, September 18, she was walking in her garden when she saw Farmer Eck come out of his house, go to his orchard and then and there pick several ripe apples from an overhanging limb. Mrs. Horton knew that Farmer Eck was doing wrong, so she went to the office of Justice Stuart Baker, in Sing Sing, and informed him of the culpable act. Jus-tice Baker, also esteemed for his piety, carefully consid-ered the merits of the case and concluded to sustain the charge. He issued a warrant for the arrest of Farmer Eck, and when it was served the old gentleman nearly col-lapsed. He appeared with the constable before the Jus-tice, who, puzzled as to what sentence to impose, released the prisoner on $20 bail. County Judge Smith Lent, of Westchester County, a resident of Sing Sing, finally heard of the case and or-dered that the Grand Jury investigate it. The action of Judge Lent was highly pleasing to Farmer Eck, who did not want the charge hanging over him, and who is confident that he will not be indicted for taking his own fruit from his own tree, even on a Sunday, in the presence of a pious woman. Mrs. Horton will go to White Plains to tell her side and sustain the charge. Since it was made there has not been the best of neighborly feeling between the farmer and Mrs. Horton; in fact, they have ceased to speak as. they pass by. 