578 AMERICAN SENTINEL. OUR SPLENDID OFFER. $elfhpronouncing combination TEACHERS' REFERENCE BIBLE. This Bible is bound in Tampico Morocco, Divinity Circuit, Leather Lined to Edge, Round Corners, Red under Gold Edges, Silk Headband, Silk Marker. It has large, clear type (see specimen, page 449), sixty-four illustrations, fifteen splendid Clear Maps, Concordance, Subject Index, Vocabulary of proper names and foreign words with their meaning, etc. But the most unique and important feature of this Bible is the "COMBINATION." This consists in the blending of both old and new versions in one volume without increasing the size. As Ito the merits 'of the Bible we offer, it is enough to say that We have received numerous unsolicited words of praise, a few of which we print. For brevity's sake, we omit the name and address of writers, but their letters are all on file in our office. WHAT OUR PATRONS SAY OF IT. I received the Bible in good condition. I am very well pleased with it in every way. It is a first class Bible; just the kind I have wanted. The ible is a beauty. Everything that could be wished. The Bible came safely, and is highly appreciated by the friends for whom I bought it. My Bible received. I am very much pleased with it. I have received my Bible, and to say I am well pleased would not convey my appreciation. I think it the best bargain ever of-fered. It is just what I have long wanted. I have used my Bible nearly three months, have compared it with other higher priced Bibles. and can truthfully say that all that you claim for it is true, and do heartily recommend it to all who need a good Bible. It is the best Bible I ever saw for the price. I received your premium Bible, and we were surprised to get such a good grade of book. Many of my friends have examined it and pronounce it excellent. I wish to thank you at once for the beautiful Bible which I re-ceived yesterday. It is far better than I expected. I am very much pleased with it and like it better than any Bible I have ever bad. We are all more than pleased with the Bible. The type is a great delight. I am delighted with the Bible. Don't know how you sell it so cheap. The Bible is far beyond my expectation. It is a real beauty and I am more than pleased with it. I am greatly pleased with the book, it being better than expected to get. I received the Bible all right and am more than pleased with it. It is better than I expected. The print is very nice. The Bible s just lovely. It is lots better than I thought it would be. I have been using the Teachers' Combination Bible nearly two years. Am more pleased with it daily. The Revised Version feature is "just the thing," and if I were going to purchase a Bible to-morrow you may depend upon it, I would purchase the Teachers' Combination Bible. Your kind favor accompanied by the Premium Bible was re-ceived a long time ago, and after having examined the Bible care-fully, I must say that it is, with a minor exception, the finest thing I ever saw for the money. It is just th thing I have been looking after for years. I never could understand why it was necessary to have two ibles to do the work of one. But in this you have both versions at a glance. I say it is worth twice what you ask for it. We will send this fine Bible, postpaid, and the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year for $3.50. The Bible may be sent to one address, the "SENTINEL" to another. for For 2& cents extra we will mark on the Bible in gold letters any name desired. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 39 Bond St., New York. 