THE AME IcAN SENTINEL. 173 need is a perfect law to make men per-fectly good. The Psalmist says, " The law of the Lord is perfect." Then why not, as Mr. Gault, a district secretary of the National Reform Association, says, " Set up the moral law and recognize God's authority behind it," and enforce this perfect law, and make everybody perfectly good ? Ah! Paul in his epistle to the Galatians tells us why. " If righteousness [goodness] come by the law then Christ is dead in vain," " for if there had been a law given that could have given life, then righteous-ness would have been by the law." " But that no man is justified [made righteous] by the law in the sight of God, is evident, for, the just shall live by faith," and the law is not of faith. Here we are told positively that even the holy law of God, much less the laws of men, cannot make men good, or compel them to do their duty to God. Paul says, " I do not frus-trate the grace of God; for if righteous-ness come by the law then Christ is dead in vain." Therefore it is evident that these men who are trying to make men do their duty to God by law, are attempting to " frustrate the grace of God." And even if the Rev. M. A. Gault should suc-ceed in his attempt to " set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it," it would only be to "frustrate the grace of God." Righteousness does not come by law, but by Jesus Christ. J. 0. JOHNSTON. A False Appeal to Principle. THE associated press reports of the pro-ceedings of the Methodist Conference at Omaha, on May 9, say thatŠ Dr. J. M. King, of New York, a leading candi-date for the episcopacy, offered a resolution for a proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States. It relates to the protection of the public schools in the United States, against religious encroachments, and to define the attitude of the churches with relation to the schools. The resolu-tion was adopted and applauded. Dr. King offered another resolution declaring that the appropriation of money by the national Government for ecclesi-astical education was not in accord with the princi-ples of the Constitution, and the churches should refuse to receive money from the Government for the education of the Indians. Dr. King spoke ear-nestly upon the subject, stating that all the churches had been getting assistance from the Government in their Indian work. He believed it was a wrong principle. The Catholic Church, he said, had re-ceived over $2,000,000. He wanted the whole contract system between the Government and the Church wiped out. The resolution was carried unanimously. When Rev. Mr. King and Wm. Allen Butler championed this amendment and resolution before the House Committee on the judiciary some time ago, in reply to a question as to the breadth of application of this amendment, Mr. King said that it was " specialized upon the financial ques-tion," therefore, of course, being of that restricted application, it could apply only to money transactions between the Gov-ernment and individual churches or de-nominations. According to that interpre-tation this proposed amendment would be no bar to the use of money by the general Government for the advancement of the great religious trust from which is to be dispensed that dilute popular religion com-mon and acceptable to the ruling majority, the attainment of which is one of the pur-poses of the religious Congress to be held at the World's Fair. If these gentlemen of the National League for the Preservation of American Institutions have given the slightest  thought to the use and applicability of their measure, beyond the present purpose of locking the treasury doors against the Roman Catholic Church, this is just the view they have taken of it,Šthat the States and the general Government being debarred from showing financial favor to different or individual denominations, the way would be paved towards the further-ance and establishment of that modified form of religion which they fondly hope will be developed and rule in this country as the Christian religion. These men who are moving for the adoption of this con-stitutional amendment, and those who heard it with such acclamation, are all working and petitioning in almost a frenzy for the passage by Congress of any meas-ure, however vicious the legislation may be, which shall close the gates of the Chi-cago Exposition on Sunday; Mr. King and Wm. Allen Butler, and the rest of the gentlemen of the National League, are stanch supporters of the enforced reading of the Bible in the public schools, that is, the King James or the Revised Version, though they would be ready to apply to Congress for a constitutional amendment, no doubt, if necessary, to shut out the Douay Version; many of the members of this League are members of, and sympa-thizers with, the National Reform Associ-ation and the American Sabbath Union. The appeal to " principle " in the ad-vocacy of this proposed constitutional amendment, is a specious plea. The appli-cation of the general principle is the very last thing to which they would submit. They would even prefer that the Roman Catholic Church should continue to re-ceive the lion's share of the public funds. W. H. M. The Sabbath Union at Omaha. THE mass meeting of the American Sab-bath Union held under the auspices of the Methodist Conference, at Omaha, May 15, was an assembly of mark. Any one would have been struck with the assumption of ecclesiastical and civic dignity which char-acterized the gathering. There were pres-ent on the platform three bishops, nine doctors of divinity, Judge Lawrence of Ohio, and Elliott F. Shepard. Bishop Newman presided, Chaplain McCabe and Rev. Manley Hand, of New York, led the singing. Nearly 4,000 people were present. The speakers were limited to ten minutes each, and those who spoke were, Bishop Newman, Rev. J. H. Knowles, Col. Shep-ard, Bishop Warren, Judge Lawrence, State Senator J. T. Edwards, of New York ; Rev. Dr. Carman, of Canada; Rev. G. S. Chadbourne, Bishop Ninde, and Rev. J. W. Hamilton. Dr. Knowles gave the history and sta-tistics of the Sunday observance move-ment. He said the American Sabbath Union, had nineteen secretaries who de-voted all their time to the work of the Union and fifty-two others who gave a portion of their time. When he told what had been done to secure the Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair he was warmly applauded. Bishop Warren declared " the Sabbath an imperishable command-ment," quoting the miracle of the double portion of manna in the wilderness to prove it, and then argued for enforced Sunday observance upon those premises. Judge Lawrence held that the law had no right to legalize shows and expositions that kept people out of reach of the  churches. In neither his . presentation of the law nor the gospel did it appear that another Daniel had come to judgment. Dr. Carman gave some facts as to the progress of the Sunday movement in Canada. Rev. G. S. Chadbourne attempted .to show that wherever there were lax Sun-day laws there was also freedom of divorce, and crimes against the home were more prevalent. The court records of some European countries would hardly bear him out in this, but he avoided that class of evidence. Dr. Hamilton was of the opinion that the State should observe the " American Lord's day." It certainly must be very apparent that the trend of the whole affair was directly and strongly toward a union of Church and State. The meeting was held as part of the Methodist Episcopal General Con-ference, and one would judge from the tumult of cheers and applause which came from the delegates to that body, that they were captivated by the speaking, and that they hail with delight the day when their hopes will be realized, when the Church will have power to enter the precincts of the State and dictate laws, and enforce the dogmas of the Church. It is Rome with her bishops over again. L. A. HOOPES. Ł Ł - Principles of American GovernmentŠPersonal Rights. THE Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776, but the national Constitu-tion was not adopted until the year 1787, and then it ran the gauntlet of all the States. But we may be thankful that there were men at that time who were wise enough to form that document and to adopt it. We will study both of these together. These are, truly, the grandest of all human doc-uments; under these we have grown to be the grandest Nation on the earthŠthe admiration of the world. All honor to those noble men ! What makes this the best Government ? We answer, Because the chief corner-stones of this Republic are civil and reli-gious liberty. Equal rights to all. It is a recognized principle that religion is, of right, separate from the State. That "Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed," is an-other principle as old as the Government. That bill of our rights says : "All men are created equal, and are endowed by their creater with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Men are not equal physically, mentally, or in social position; but these God-given rights belong to all alike. Governments are ordained to se-cure these rights, and whenever a govern-ment fails in this one particular, that mo-ment it fails in its duty to the governed. These rights must be guarded, and the minority, however small, must be made secure in the enjoyment of these rights. These rights can not be transferred to another. Article IX., Amendments to the Constitution, reads The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. Thus we see there are other rights not mentioned or named in the bill. But who are the conservators of these rights ? Is it the churches ? Most certainly not. A s these are God-given rights, they lie in the 