AMERICAN SENTINEL. 275 is the Sabbath of the Lord, is the seventh day of the week. Such is the record that the Lord himself has given of his own creative acts through the first six days of the world's existence, and of his rest on the seventh day of the world's existence. These together compose the orig-inal week of the world's existence. And every one who will believe the record just as it stands and simply as it says, will know for himself and to his perfect satisfaction what seventh day it is that is meant in the Bible, when it says that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. THEN if any one wants to have another statement of the case, he needs only to turn to the 20th chapter of Exodus and read what the Lord himself said with his own voice, speaking from the top of Sinai. To his people there assembled and for all people for all time who will be his people, the Lord himself said, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all I by work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work; . . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the sev-enth day, wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Here the Lord says that the people are to work six days and rest the seventh, because at creation he himself had worked six days and then rested the seventh day. Now any one who is willing to allow that the Lord tells the truth, and was able to remember at Sinai what he had done at creation, will have no difficulty whatever in understanding what seventh day it is that is referred to in this language. For it is the identical day of his rest at the close of the six days of creation, which cannot possibly be any other than the seventh day of the week ; for there was no other existing period of which it could possibly be the seventh day. The people who stood at the base of Sinai that day and heard that voice, have continued, through their de-scendants, unto this day; and are scattered over the whole earth, amongst all the nations. And the day that there God gave them, upon his own count, by his own voice, in connection with thefacts in which he himself was the actor, they have never lost. !Ł 4 IF any one wants yet further evidence, come fifteen hundred years still further down. Then he who made the heavens and the earth, who rested that seventh day at the close of the work of creation, he who spoke from the top of Sinai the word which we have just quoted, stood upon the earth himself in the form of a man as a teacher sent from God. He observed this same seventh day as the Sabbath. He ever called it the Sabbath. And it was the same day that the people of Israel had observed as the Sabbath, from the day that he him-self had spoken from the top of Sinai. And though there was constant criticism of all his words and ways on the  part of the Scribes, Pharisees, Lawyers and Rabbis, yet there was never any shadow of a question raised as to whether he observed the proper day as the Sabbath. There was always agreement between him and them as to that. Their objections against him were solely with reference to his manner of observing the day. And he in this as in everything else was the grand exemplar of the right way for all mankind forever. THUS three separate times the Lord himself has stated the facts concerning the origin and basis of the Sabbath, and has made plain exactly what seventh day it is. First, in the record of the original creation in the first and second chapters of Genesis. Secondly, in. repeating with his own voice the record of the original creation. Thirdly, when upon the earth he repeated with his own voice and manifested in his own life the living truth as the example for all mankind. 0 that men would believe the word of the Lord which he has taken all this pains to make plain to their under-standing. Why will men continue to allow the same ser-pent that beguiled Eve, and in the same way, through his subtlety, to corrupt their minds from the simplicity that is in Christ? Intolerance in the Land of Roger Williams. THE wave of Puritanism has invaded the historic land of Roger Williams, the apostle of religious liberty. The Providence (R. I.) Journal, of April 27, announced that "Next Monday night the City Council will be asked to pass a resolution prohibiting the use of boats on the lakes at Roger Williams Park, and to direct the Park Commissioners to discontinue the use of flying horses [merry-go-rounds] on the sabbath." The demand for this is made by Councilman T. W. Waterman, and is based upon several sections of Chapter 281 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, which prohibit all work and recre-ation on the first day of the week. The Journal makes the observation that " after the expenditure of over $1,000,000 to improve and beautify the park, and provide amusement for the people, it is hardly likely that the taxpayers, who are to pay the bills,  will relish this ;" and adds that "it was argued by a few men, who talked the matter over yesterday, that nobody interfered with the rights of the Councilman from Ward 5 to attend church on Sunday as often as he pleased, and he had no right to interfere with people who, during the week, are compelled to work in shops, and factories, and who on Sunday desired to enjoy a little recreation in the parks." Of course the common people will not relish this, nor can it be supported by sound argument; but neither the wishes of the people nor sound argument are elements which enter into a wave of Puritanism. The Journal adds that "if the move is being made 