AMERICAN SENTINEL. 597 the rock on which moral organizations wreck their use-fulness "Šthey must steer clear of the would-be leaders who are even now endeavoring with all their energies to draw the Endeavor host down from the heights of true Christian activity to the plane of politics. Will they depend upon the promise of the power of Him who has said, "Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world"? or will thE y dependupon the power of votes? Politics recognizes no other power, and depends upon no other, than the latter. ASK of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel. Be wise now therefore, 0 ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth. Ps. 2:8,9. Governmental Recognition of God. WHAT DOES IT MEAN? BY A. G. DANIELLS. THE proposal of the churches to secure the formal recognition of God in the Constitution . . . demands the most serious consideration ; for it involves the gravest consequences. We believe that God is, and that his existence and authority ought to be recognized by every intelligent being in the universe. Nevertheless, we cannot approve of the proposal to make a formal recognition of God in the constitution of any civil government. The whole idea is wrong, and the consequences must be disastrous. In proof of this we submit the following simple, unde-niable facts:Š The recognition of God is An act of faith. Heb. 11:6. A statement of that recognition is a declaration of faith. Matt. 16:15, 16. To incorporate in the constitution of a civil govern-ment a recognition of God, or a declaration of faith, is to insert a religious clause. To insert a religious clause in the constitution is to give the government a religious basis. A religious basis confers power for religious legisla-tion. Power to legislate on matters of religion implies power to execute religious laws. Power to execute religious laws means compulsion in matters of religion. To compel the conscience in religious matters is to invade the rights of men. To invade the rights of men is to subvert good government, whose primary object is to protect those rights. Thus it is proved thatŠ To insert a religious clause or a declaration of re- . ligious belief in the constitution of a civil government lays the .foundation for the subversion of thatgovern-ment. It is difficult to see how any one can reasonably deny the correctness of these propositions. They are self-evi-dent. 1. To recognize God is to believe in him. This is the foundation stone of the Christian religion. "With-out faith it is impossible to please him: for he that com-eth to God must believe that he is." Heb. 11:6. 2. And is it not true that a statement (whether oral or written) of our recognition of God is a declaration of our faith? The first article in the creeds of all churches is a declaration of faith in God. 3. Now to incorporate in the constitution of a civil government a statement of a recognition of God, or a declaration of faith in God, is to insert in that constitu-tion a religious clause. It is practically to insert the first article of all church creeds. Why not insert the thirty-nine articles? It would be just as logically consistent. 4. To make a declaration of faith or insert a reli-gious clause in the constitution is to give the government a religious basis. The constitution of a government is its basis; and if it contains religious elements, the basis of the government is religious. 5. A religious basis confers power for religious legis-lation. The legislative, judicial, and executive powers of the government are conferred by the constitution. If re-ligion be made a part of the constitution or basis of the government, the foundation is laid for religious legisla-tion. 6. That which gives the government permission to make religious laws, gives authority to enforce those laws; for legislative power implies executive power. 7. Power to execute religious laws means compulsion in matters of religion. The enforcement of law means either obedience or penalty. 8. To compel the conscience in matters of religion is to invade the rights of men. This is contrary to the gospel. Christ said, "If any man believe not, I judge him not." Paul inquires, "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth." God says, "Whosoever will, let him come and take the water of life freely." God has created the mind free to believe or not to believe as each may choose. This is an inherent right of every man. To compel his conscience is to invade his right. 9. To invade the rights of men is to subvert the gov-ernment, whose chief object into protect those rights. Now if these propositions are true, and we do not see how any of them can be disproved, it is plain that to in-sert a religious clause in the constitution of a civil gov-ernment will lay the foundation for the destruction of that government. GOD has never asked for recognition in a State docu-ment. 