316 AMIIEIJECICA.INT S7EN9PIENIE14. VoL. 9, No. 40. disaster for the country. [Applause.] Yet, I implore divine grace to remember it for any good it has done that escaped my attention." [Loud amens.] The Chris-tian charity of this last clause must be remembered when the pious good taste of the previous parts are considered. A dis-play like this would seem to indicate that it is near time to eliminate the religious exercises from the programme upon sim-ilar occasions.ŠEvening Sun. Before Swiss Courts for the Word of God. [From Present Truth, London, Eng., an abbreviated sum-mary of the appeal of the manager of the Seventh-day Advent-ist printing house in Basel, Switzerland, before the court of appeals. As we have before reported, Elder nolser was con-victed in the police courts for Sunday labor, and sentenced to fines and imprisonment. The court of appeals confirmed the decision of the lower court, and the case is now appealed to the supreme court. The printing house has been running for about ten years, but the rising spirit of intolerance has only recently taken advantage of the Sunday laws to attack the work.] HONORABLE PRESIDENT, HONORABLE JUDGES : The undersigned, condemned by the police court of Basel, Aug. 16, to three weeks' imprisonment and 200 francs fine (or in default 40 days' in prison), for having worked on Sunday, Aug. 12, 1894, appeals from this decision, and for the following reasons:- 1. As Protestant, I acknowledge the Word of God as my only rule of faith and practice. To me the Bible is the re-vealed will of God. Chief among the expressions of the divine will are the ten commandments, the fourth of which says: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, . . . but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work." This command permits labor on the six days, as well as rest on the seventh. It is God's express command to me, and my hope of eternal life depends on explicit obedience to this as well as all other com-mands of Jehovah. Human laws are en-forced to the letter, not even a word being allowed to be changed. How much less should man presume to change the law of the Supreme! 2. According to God's Word, Sunday is for us a rival institution to God's Sab-bath. It stands as the sign of authority of a church which we, as true Protestants, cannot accept. It has been argued that the Sunday law does not oblige us to accept tie, day as a religious institution, but sim-ply to lay aside our secular work on that day. But as Sunday observance in Switz-erland consists simply in not working, when we cease to carry on our regular work, we keep the day to all intents and purposes. The only way to show that we do not keep the day is to work on it. Therefore, by forcing us to lay aside our secular work on this day, Sunday laws oblige us to accept an institution directly opposed to our faith. 3. The object of Art. 14 of the factory law, under which I am condemned, is to protect the laboring class against the av-arice of the capitalist by securing them a day of rest each week. Our house does not allow work under any circumstances on the seventh day; so each employe is absolutely sure of a weekly rest day, and thus we d6 certainly meet the object of the law. With scarce an exception, our employes observe the seventh day as a matter of conscience. When compelled to lay down their work on the first day also, *they suffer under this law which, according to its chief promoters, is phil-anthropic, not oppressive. Hence, by  forcing Sunday observance on our house, the object of Art. 14 of the factory law is defeated. The Federal Factory Inspector acknowledged this in 1886, and ordered that in consequence we be not molested on account of Sunday work. 4. The enforcement of Sunday laws on Seventh-day Adventists is a violation of Art. 49 of the Federal Constitution. It is our natural and inalienable right to serve God according to the dictates of our own consciences. The State cannot give us this,  right; we have it direct from God, by virtue of being human beings. Should we attempt to exercise it in a way to in-vade our neighbor's rights, then the State must interfere, not because we are exer-cising our right, but to protect the rights of our neighbor. But while we keep the ten commandments, it cannot be made to appear that we invade the rights of our neighbor. 5. I appeal from the decision of the police court, not from a motive to resist the civil government; but because I MUST OBEY GOD rather than man. If the State makes laws hindering me from keeping the command-ments of God who is above the State, it thereby elevates itself above God, and we cannot obey it in this presumption. Paul, who was inspired to write that we should be subject to the powers that be, lived under a government which commanded men to honor the gods of Rome and for-bade as treason the introduction of another god; but he did introduce another God, who overthrew all the gods of Rome. This proves that the command to be sub-ject to the powers that be cannot have reference to religion. 6. The province of the State is to pro- tect the individual in the exercise of his natural rights; and not to protect majori-ties only, and even aid the majority in depriving the minority of some of their natural rights. One of the natural rights of man is to perform honest labor. When the State obliges me to rest, or cease labor on Sunday, it deprives me of this right. If the majority has the right to deprive me of one natural right, it may deprive me of all, and thus reduce me to a condi-tion of slavery. 7. In forcing Sunday observance on me and Seventh-day Adventists, the State deprives us of one-sixth of our income. What right has the majority to impose a tax of 161 per cent. on the minority for the privilege of exercising freedom of con-science ? The Constitution grants freedom of conscience to every citizen : hence a law which imposes a tax of 161- per cent. on the minority for this privilege is openly against the Constitution.  to 8. It is also argued that Sunday laws are civil, not religious, and so cannot in-terfere with religious liberty. But wher-ever such laws are enforced, there is lib-erty of conscience (using the term in the ordinary sense), only for those that accept Sunday and those that are indifferent about the day. Again, Sunday is a, church institution. It was established by the church, and has ever been promoted by the church. Another evidence that Sun-day is religious is that its chief promoters are the ministers. This is true in all parts of the world. Societies formed for the promotion of Sunday observance are or-ganized by ministers and religious people. Furthermore, Sunday-law advocates do not want a secular Sunday. This is the very thing they do not want. Again, if Sunday were a purely secular day, Sunday work would not disturb. Honest labor does not disturb a man who is not influenced by religious prejudices. It cannot be the noise in our publishing house that disturbs people. On the Schutzenmatte in front of the building there is ten times as much noise. Aug. 12, the day for which we were filled, there was drilling of soldiers, foot-ball playing, beating of drums, and shouting,Ša noise and din that could be heard a kilometre, while our working could scarcely be heard in the street by passers-by. The noise on the Matte was made by those LEARNING THE ART OF WAR, the best way to kill their fellow-men; while our work was printing the gospel for the salvation of men. 9. As Christians, we represent the gos-pel of Jesus Christ. The chief feature of the gospel is individual liberty. Christ died for every man for the express purpose of saving him; and although he paid the infinite price, he obliges no one to accept salvation, but leaves all perfectly free to choose. Men can be religious or irreli-gious, and God lets his sun shine on all. To compel men in matters of religion is papal,Šantichristian; and we regard it as a part of our religious duty to be true representatives of the gospel on this point. Sunday laws do enforce upon us a religious day, and thus maintain the spirit of the papacy; and to submit to such laws is the same to us as submitting to the principles of the papacy, instead of truly represent-ing the gospel. 10. It is also stated that Sunday laws cannot be religious because the State is konfessionslos. If that be so, why have we a State Church, Good Friday, Easter, Ascension Day, Prayer and Fast Day, Christmas, etc. ? And why does the State discriminate between religious bodies? Why does it enforce the days religiously observed by one class of religionists ? 11. The question before us is not an individual one; it concerns our publishing house in this city ; it concerns our churches in Switzerland ; and it concerns our peo-ple and the friends of religious liberty throughout the world. Our denomination rests on two pillars,Šthe commandments of God and the faith of Jesus. To under-take to hinder their keeping the ten com-mandments would be the same as to un-dertake to annihilate the denomination. Our denomination, with thirty-six con-ferences in Europe, Africa, America, and Australia, has six publishing houses in various parts of the world, the one at Basel being the smallest. They publish twenty-two journals and magazines. These people stand together as one man. In consequence of keeping the commandments they have attained a high reputation for industry and honesty. If some of their members in Basel are spoiled of their goods, and imprisoned because they keep the ten commandments, this fact will be published in all the world, and Switzer-land's good name for liberty will suffer; and this land of the free will be placed in the same catalogue with Russia. CONCLUSION. In consideration, therefore, of the facts, 1. That it is my religious duty to rest the seventh day and work the remaining six days of the week; and that by so doing I do not invade the natural rights of my fellow-citizens; and 2. That to lay aside my secular work 