THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 man to serve God in spite of God's witness against it. Love is the link that binds God to man. Can love be -forced ? Can men be brought to Christ by threatening them with the rack or the stake ? Compulsion would make man hate God even worse, and only those who were impelled by fear or by policy would obey, and all such obedience is an abomination to God. The Spirit of Christ is, "Come unto me." The spirit of the National Reformers is, " If you don't we'll make you." The contrast is rather striking. Had Noah undertaken to drive those timid birds into the ark he would have made sorry work, but these Reformers will even do worse when they try to enforce the laws of their idea of Chris-tian morality upon all who come among them. FRANK HOPE. ,Catholic Schools. Two men in West Chester, Pa., William S. Bowen and Philip Maguire, members of the Catholic Church, withdrew their children from the parochial school, and sent them to the pub-lic school. On Sunday, April 27, they were publicly excommunicated by the priest, he "announcing from the altar that William S. Bowen, Assistant Manager of the West Ches- ter Gas Company, and Philip Maguire, one of the editors of the Daily News, would hereafter be forbidden a seat in the church, and that they would be refused the sacraments, living or dead." The priest gave his reasons for this, as fol- lows:Š " These gentlemen were excommunicated on my own authority and the authority of the archbishop, with whom I had consulted in the matter. I took their pews from them be-cause I do not propose that anyone shall hold a pew in this church who is in open re-bellion against its laws, when there are faith-ful and obedient members who are willing to occupy them. Mr. Bowen had the audacity to apply for communion on last Easter morn-ing, and was publicly refused. I had con-sulted with the archbishop months before in reference to this matter, and it was on the strength of this, and of a letter from his grace, that the refusal was made." Mr. Maguire gave his reasons for taking his child from the Catholic school, and sending him to the public school, as follows :Š " The reverend gentleman saw fit to use my name in connection with my refusal to send my child to the parochial school, and also notified those of his congregation present that I was formally excommunicated for this re-fusal, but he wisely took good care not to state the reason for my refusal to have the boy longer educated at the parish school. I took the boy away because, in my judgment, the school was far inferior to the public schools of West Chester, and because the penalty fOr missing a lesson in catechism was a severe whipping. When I inquired, through a letter, about the severity of the lesson and the pun-ishment inflicted, I received, in reply, a letter from his reverence telling me to mind my own business, and that he would not tolerate interference from me. I replied in a letter, which was answered with a notice that my boy was turned out of the Sunday-school be-cause I would not send him to the parish school, and, later on, the priest met me on the street, and in the most overbearing way threat- ened that he would deny the child the sacra-ments of the church. Nine-tenths of the par-ents sending their children to the parish school do so rather from a sense of fear than an understanding that it is good for them to do so. Many of them have told me of their troubles, and of the bad discipline in the school, and of the poor  progress that their children make. There is a great deal of smothered dissatisfaction here, and Rev. Sam-uel B. Spaulding knows it, deny it as he will." This is a fair specimen of the foul dealing of the Roman Catholic Church in the matter of schools and schooling. And this is the sort of instruction which the National Reform Association proposes to establish in the pub-lic schools wherever the Roman Catholics are in the majority. This is the church to which the National Reform Association proposes to give the control of the public schools wherever the Catholics are in the majority. We seriously think that if there is in this world an organ-ization more iniquitous than the Roman Catho-lic Church, it must be the National Reform Association. An Alarming Proposition. AND still they travel the road to Rome. We have frequently of late given in these columns instances of the way in which Ca-tholicism is absorbing Protestantism, or, rather, the way in which Protestantism is plunging headlong into Catholicism, and now ° we have another step to record. In the Christian at Work of April 12, Prof. Charles A. Briggs, D. D., of Union Theological Seminary, New York, had an article which was continued in the Christian at Work of April 19. The ar-ticle was entitled, " Is Rome an Ally, an En-emy, or Both ? " Starting out with the asser-tion that "the Roman Catholic Church and the Protestant churches are agreed in nine-tenths or more of the contents of Christianity," Doctor Briggs makes some statements concern-ing the Reformation, and then says:Š " We are agreed as to the essentials of Christianity. Our common faith is based on the so-called Apostles' Creed, and worship on the Lord's prayer, our morals upon the ten commandments and the sermon on the mount. Who will venture to say that the Roman Cath-olic Church is not as faithful to these founda-tions of our common religion as Protestants ? Taking our stand on the apostles' creed, we must add to the articles of faith on which we are agreed, all the doctrinal achievements of the church for fifteen centuries, the doctrine of the unity of God, the person and work of Jesus Christ, the holy Trinity, original sin and human depravity, salvation by divine grace, the absolute need of the atonement of Jesus Christ. On all these great doctrines of our religion Romanism and Protestantism are one. Here we are allies, and it is our common task to proclaim these doctrines to the heathen world, and to overcome by them all forms of irreligion and infidelity in Christian lands. And differences about justification by faith, and salvation by the divine grace alone, and the authority of the church as regards the determination of the canon of Scripture, and its interpretation, ought not to prevent our co-operation and alliance in the great work of indicating and proclaiming the common faith. Our conflict over the doctrines in which we differ would be more fruitful in good results if our contest should be based upon concord  and allianceŁ in the common faith. If our contest could be narrowed to the real points of difference, and that contest could be con-ducted in a brave, chivalrous, and loving man-ner, the results would be more fruitful. " Taking our stand upon the Lord's prayer, we observe that as to the greater part of Christian worship we are agreed. We worship God in common, in morning and evening as-semblies, by prayer, songs of praise, the read-ing and preaching of the Scriptures, and the celebration of the sacraments of baptism and the Lord's Supper. All this is common. Furthermore, we take the liberty of affirming that the matter of all this worship is for the most part common in both these great bodies of Christians. I have heard sermons in Roman Catholic Churches of Europe which were more evangelical and less objectionable than many sermons I have heard in leading Protestant Churches in Berlin, London, and New York. It is well known that the Protest-ant books of liturgy contain a considerable amount of material derived from the old mass-books, and they are all the more valuable for that. Roman Catholic baptism has many superstitions connected with it, but the essen-tials of baptism are there in the baptism by the minister in the name of the holy Trinity. Roman Catholic observance of the Lord's Supper is connected with the worship of the materials of the supper under the doctrine that they are really the body and blood of the divine Lord, but who can deny that pious souls by faith really partake of the body and blood of Christ in this holy sacrament, not-withstanding the errors in which it is envel-oped? If we look with eyes of Christian charity upon the Lutheran and Zwinglian views, which are regarded as serious errors by the standards of the reformed churches, and would not deny to the participants real com-munion with Christ, why should we deny such communion to pious Roman Catholics ? " In all matters of worship we are in essen-tial concord with Roman Catholics, and we ought not to hesitate to make an alliance with them so far as possible to maintain the sanc-tity of the Sabbath as a day of worship, and to proclaim to the world the necessity of wor-shiping God in his house, and of becoming members of his church by baptism, and of seeking union and communion with the Sav-iour by Christian worship, the study of the Scripture, and the observance of the Lord's Supper. With this recognition of concord, Protestants can then debate with Romanists in a friendly manner, and seek to overcome their errors, remove the excrescences they have heaped upon the simple worship in the spirit and in truth which seems to us more in accordance with the Scripture and the wishes of our Saviour. " We should also note that in the great con-stituent parts of prayer,Šinvocation, adora-tion, thanksgiving, confession of sin,Ł petition, intercession, and consecration, Roman Catho-lic and Protestant worship are agreed, and consequently the matter of prayer is essen-tinily the same, the differenceS are less than Most people imagine. In Christian song the differences are still less. If our hymn-books were stripped of hymns from the ancient and medieval church, and from modern Roman Catholics, they would be bare indeed. Look-ing now at the sphere of morals we take our common stand on the ten commandments and the sermon on the mount. As to the vast majority of all questions of morals, Romanism and Protestantism are agreed. It is true there is a great deal of immorality in the Roman Catholic Church in some countries, and we think it may be shown that as a rule Protest-antism is productive of better morals than Romanism; but this, after all, is a question of, 