456 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Personal to Our Readers. WE wish a few earnest words with you. We are nat given to sensationalism, but we want you to look at matters just as they are, and then help us to save what can be rescued from a sinking craft. The immortal Lincoln once said in the dark days of slavery, "These are bad times, and seem out of joint." This was true then, but it is doubly so now. Society is rotten to the core; politics is the very essence of corruption; murder and rapine stalk like giants through the land; the rich are growing richer and the poor poorer. Only a short time ago thirty thousand employes of the sweat shops of this city marched passed the SENTINEL office, having struck against the oppression and tyranny exercised over them, and now well nigh a quarter of a million coal miners of the country are arrayed against the greed and injustice of soulless corporations. An unrest has taken possession of the toiling masses that amounts to frenzy; their minds are filled with dreams of rebellion bordering on anarchy. Statesmen look into the future with deep fore-bodings. Men's hearts are literally failing them for fear, and the anxious inquiry on all sides is, "Whall shall the end be"? The religious world is fast imbibing the idea that the solution for this intricate problemŠthe panacea for the gigantic evils that confront us, is to be found in a recog-nition of God by legal enactment as the ruler of the na-tion. The devil never invented a greater deception. But nevertheless plans are being laid, stakes set and lines drawn to accomplish this very thing. Now, as never before, an opportunity is prisented to tell the people what all these things mean, and the only avenue of escape from the inevitable ruin that will follow. This can be done in no better way than by inducing them to become readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. Will you help us to place the paper in their hands? Now, for the purpose of introducing the SENTINEL more generally among those not now readers of it, we have determined to make the following unprecedented offer : Any such person can have the paper sent to his address until January 1st next, for only twer ty-five cents. This is but little more than the cost of the white paper on which it is printed, and it is made in the hope that every member of the SENTINEL family will lay his plans to send us at least one new subscriber under this special offer, for it is our experience that these short-time subscribers invariably become regular,  readers. Here is an opportunity to do real missionary work in a worthy cause rarely offered. Of the future of the SENTINEL, just a word. It will  endeavor to keep fully abreast with the times, and keenly alive to its mission. It will deal fearlessly and faithfully with every question within its province. It has in con-templation several substantial improvements, among them being a department called "Religious Liberty for Young People," which can hardly fail to interest hundreds of our young people who have heretofore paid little at-tention to the subject. Can we not count on our friends everywherefor a long,  pull, a strong pull and a pull altogether for at least five thousand new subscriptions/by September 1st? A WARM friend of the SENTINEL at Vancouver, B.C., writes: "Please find enclosed my subscription for the coming year. The SENTINEL is, in my opinion, the best paper of its kind published in the knOwn world to-day. I cannot do without it, nor should any thinking man." Charity the Key to Liberty. BY C. W. KENISTON. GOD is love. True love, forgetful of self, seeks to bless others, and is therefore unselfishness. Unselfishness is an attribute of God's character. Instead of seeking to gain happiness and pleasure for self, he uses his almighty power in distributing these things to his creatures. But these gifts can only be received into an unselfish heart; so one of the conditions for the reception of God's gifts is unselfishness, or a willingness that others should be favored itstead of self. God's happiness and joy are infinite because his al-mighty power is exerted in the diffusion of good to his children. Our joy will be great in proportion as we also work for the good of those around us; and while thus working our power for so doing will increase and grow continually, bringing an ever-increasing return of the very things dispensed. This is the pursuit of happiness. The chance to follow this pursuit is the broadest kind of liberty, the true province of life. God's law is the law of liberty, because the keeping of its precepts calls out the trait of unselfishness in the doer, thus opening the gate of liberty to him. Nothing but unselfish love, to God first, and then to man, can be the keeping of this law; so there must be a likeness to the character of God in the one who would keep his law be-fore it can be kept by that one. This is wherein God writes his law in the heart. Itisthis unselfishness planted in the heart that moves men to the voluntary worship of God by keeping his commandments. Without it they cannot serve him nor keep his law. This power of service is the gift of God; and the vol-untary submission and desire which make it possible for 