THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 215 NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE drug stores of Meriden, Conn., have been forbidden, by the police department, to sell cigars or soda water on Sunday. THE iron moulders of Seneca Falls, N. Y., have petitioned Congress to take no action as to Sunday closing of the World's Fair. ON July 8, Mr. Palmer, of Illinois, presented in the Senate over six hundred memorials remonstra-ting against the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. THE authorities of Middleville, Barry County, Mich., have undertaken to enforce the Sunday laws against barbers and others; several arrests have been made. THE International Convention of the Machinist's Association of North America, in a late meeting at Chicago, at which two hundred and twenty dele-gates were present, from the United States, Canada, and Mexico, representing labor organizations from these different sections, passed resolutions asking that the World's Fair be kept open on Sundays. SOME time ago a mass-meeting in favor of Sun-day observance was held in Rock Island, Ill., and the mayor petitioned for the enforcement of Sun-day laws. In response to this the players in the next Sunday base ball game were arrested and held for trial. The petitioners plume themselves ac-cordingly on the rapid advancement of the Chris-tian religion under the influence of their efforts. All this being so, what then is the Christian reli-gion ? AT the! Diocesan Convention at Pittsburg-, Bishop Whitehead, of the Protestant Episcopal diocese of that sectioh-rdeclared himself in favor of keeping the World's Fair open on Sunday. He in-sisted that it is little less than fanaticism to close the gates of more than one hundred acres of that beautiful territory which is to be devoted to the use of the Exposition, with the result that thousands of laboring men are shut out who can seek admis-sion on no other day. THE North, Minneapolis, Minn., quotes the Presi-dent of the World's Fair Commission as saying: " My religious predilections are in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday, but my common sense argues in favor of keeping it open. The result of keeping the Fair open Sundays as well as week days will be greatly beneficial to the morals of the crowd. Why, the saloons and houses of questionable repute could well afford to pay $200,000 for every Sunday that the Fair is closed." A TENNESSEE branch of the American Sabbath Union has been organized at Knoxville, Tenn., from whence they are sending out literature through the State. The first paragraph of one leaflet reads:Š Ł In view of the bitter and persistent efforts being made to break down the American Sunday, or Lord's day, it has seemed best to the various Sab-bath associations that they unite in a national society, and proceed to organize the whole country, State by State, and county by county, for the pur-pose set forth in the third article of the Constitu-tion of this Union, viz: "To preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship; and for that purpose to gather and diffuse information, to pub-lish documents, to use the press, to cause public addresses to be made, and to use such other means as shall be expedient and proper." The intent of this is to fan the flame already burning at Paris, Henry County, and incite a sim- ilar course against other inoffensive and defenseless men. The numbers of THE SENTINEL.  containing  accounts of the persecutions to which Tennessee has already lent itself, would make interesting and profitable reading in connection with these leaflets of the Tennessee Sabbath Union. REV. MR. IVES, of Stratford, Conn., has earnestly championed, from his pulpit, the enforcement of strict Sunday laws, but not all of his parishioners are of the same mind. The discussion has become so heated that some of the reverend gentleman's opponents have hung him in effigy. Where oppo-sition finds its expression in such methods it is con-clusive evidence that it does not arise from a knowledge of the true principle upon which dis-sent from religious laws and their enforcement should be based. ON June 30, Mr. Durborow, Chairman of the House Committee on the World's Fair, presented in the House of Representatives petitions from Edward Everett Hale, and seventy-nine others, Unitarian ministers of America; and from the American Unitarian Association of Boston, Mass., and the Western Unitarian Conference of Chicago, as organizations; also from Jenkin Lloyd Jones, Emil G. Hirsch, LL. D., and twenty-six other lib-eral ministers of the West, all asking that Congress should refrain from any legislation respecting Sun-day at the World's Fair. AT the semi-monthly meeting of the Ministerial Association of Syracuse, N. Y., held June 13, Rev. Charles Ferguson said " that he believed in one organic Church for the future, the great American Church, of which the President of the United States should be the acknowledged head, which Church should take hold of every phase of American life." There is nothing in the report of the meeting to indicate that this statement was criticised in the least. When men can make such statements with-out being challenged, is it not an indication of the drift of Our-  times-'toward church domination in State affairs ? THE Christian Statesman offers as a plank for a political platform the following:Š " We rejoice in the recent unanimous decision of the United States Supreme Court, whose authority is only second to that of the Constitution, that THIS IS A CHRISTIAN NATION,' and we heartily acknowledge our obligation as a political party, and as parts of a civil Government, while respecting rights of conscience and separating Church and State, to obey the laws of Christ, setting religion above revenue, justice above spoils, in all our political campaigning, and in the enact-ment and enforcement of law." THISŁ is what the Christian Statesman publishes as " Sabbath Reform ":Š " Nearly three hundred barbers recently met 4n Chicago to inaugurate an early closing and Sunday closing movement.' The employers may grant these requests if the men form a union and agree to sup-port a raise in price of shaving to fifteen cents by refusing to work for any one who charges less.ŠThe Philadelphia Press is becoming bolder in its violations of law and is sending out a special Sun-day train with its Sunday papers. Sabbath break-ing is thus spread to many a town, before quiet and law abiding. The United Presbyterian pastor of Findlay, Ohio, recently suppressed Sunday base ball in that city on the first day it was tried.ŠAll the liquor shops at Long Branch, N. J., were closed on a recent Sunday through the efforts of Rev. J. Ward Gamble and J. R. Westwood, of the Method-ist Episcopal Church. ŠOur Washington corres-pondent thinks, as do many others at Washington and many at Chicago, that the five million appropria-tion to the World's Fair will not be passed. It is there-fore important to induce the Senate to put the con-dition of Sabbath closing into the half million appro-priation now pending and likely to be voted as soon  as the Chicago convention is over.ŠCaptain J. H. Wishart and the Newark Law and Order League are at least keeping up a wholesome agitation for the enforcement of the law against Sunday sa-loons." THE World's Fair Committee of the Senate has decided to report the five million appropriation for the World's Fair as an amendment to the sundry civil appropriation bill, and attach a proviso con-ditioning the appropriation upon Sunday closing of the Fair. Senator Pettigrew, Chairman of the Senate Committee on the World's Fair, is reported by a correspondent of the Mail and Express as say-ing that he would not vote a dollar for the World's Fair unless it was closed on Sunday. It is probably mainly through his insistence that this proviso is to be incorporated into the bill. LAW and Order agent McClure is again at work in Pittsburg arresting petty dealers for selling on Sunday; his last achievement is the arrest and fining of nine Italians for dealing in ice cream on Sunday. If Agent McClure and the Pittsburg preachers are so anxious to enforce law and order they now have a good opportunity, without going far from home, or wasting their energies on news-boys and Italian ice cream venders; they should offer their services to the Carnegie Steel Company and their ex-employees as experts in the enforce-ment of law and order. What is the value of such men and such an organization if not for just such exigencies as this? IN ,the Senate, July 9, Matthew Quay, represent-ing the Sunday politics of the Nation, moved to insert in the sundry civil bill a proviso requiring the closing of the Exposition on Sunday. As a sufficient reason for its adoption he sent to the clerk, to be read to the Senate, the Bible, open at the fosartif Ei5M-HintthYltsfftr .ankgan, or Ala- bama, commented with biting sarcasm on the manner of the presentation of the proviso and the incongruity of its assumed religious character with that of its advocate; saying, also, that the Govern-ment had " acquired no jurisdiction by virtue of the aid it had given to prescribe laws to the people of Chicago on the observance of the Sabbath, or any other similar question." THE branch of the Christian Endeavor which has in charge the question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday met in the Marble Collegiate Church on the afternoon of July 9, and after some discussion and mild opposition by a few, adopted this resolu-tion:Š " Resolved, That the people assembled here to-day respectfully petition the authorities having the matter in charge to prevent the opening of the Columbian Fair on Sundays, believing that if such action is not taken a vast multitude of the American people, particularly such as hold the Biblical code of morals, would find it in conscience impossible to attend or lend countenance to the Fair, and that this action be transmitted instantly to the congressional session." THE Wisconsin State Journal has the follow-ing:Š " Through a proclamation from the mayor of Stoughton, T. C. Lund, the Sabbath was duly ob-served at that place Sunday. Business of all kinds was suspended on penalty of arrest, as well as amuse-ments of all kinds; even news agents were not al-lowed to sell the Sunday papers. People who for-got to get their bread and meat on Saturday night went hungry. The other faction, to retaliate, have circulated a numerously signed petition, which will be presented to the mayor for his action, prohibit-ing the ringing of church bells and loud and bois-terous talking in the pulpit; also the loud peal of the organ, as they. claim it disturbs the peace and dignity of the city." 