644 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  tion of rights. If polygamy were consistent with the preservation of human rights, it Ł could properly be op-posed only by the agencies God has instituted to com-bat sin. It is altogether probable that the effort to unseat Mr. Roberts in Congress will ,be successful; but more than this is desired by his opponents. They want meas-ures to be taken for the suppression of polygamy itself, and as stated, they propose a national law in the shape of a constitutional amendment "prohibiting polygamy and polygamous cohabitation in every State and Terri-tory of our Union." We are entirely in favor of the suppression of polyg-amy. But when we consider the question of the means to be employed, and especially the means that is pro-posed, we are reminded that the popular sentiment necessary to enforce even a constitutional law against polygamy in this country has become an uncertain quantity. For it is a recognized fact that the divorce evil, which by its nature is allied with polygamy as the foe of domestic virtue and happiness, has become so widespread throughout the Union as to alarm thought-ful men in the church and in the state, and has stirred them up to demand some action suited to a national emergency. The country is yet talking about the action taken at the late Episcopal diocesan convention in which Bishop Potter and others called for some stringent legislation by the church to check the increasing preva-lence of divorce. When the people themselves through-out the Union give evidence of such general moral obliquity touching the matter of the domestic relations as the records of the divorce courts show, what can seriously be expected from them in the way of support for a law against polygamy? Can one who practises or views without concern the practise of what may be termed consecutive polygamy, be expected to be seri-ously concerned over the spread of that form of polyg-amy which is unattended by divorce-court scandals? It is one thing to have a law, and another thing to have the law enforced; one thing to be against an evil outwardly, and another thing to condemn it in the heart; one thing to be a Pharisee, and another thing to be an "Israelite indeed." The latter part of the first chapter of St. Paul's epistle to the Romans depicts an anomalous condition of society illustrating this dis-tinction, and that has been only too frequent a reality in human history. The apostle describes a class of men who were "filled with all unrighteousness," guilty Of every crime against God and man, "who, knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them." And this class actually existed in Roman society and predominated in the em-pire at the time the apostle addressed this letter to the Roman church. The laws of the Roman empire forbade such acts and made them punishable with death, by which the Romans testified their knowledge "that they  which commit such things are worthy of death"; yet everywhere, from the emperor down to the peasant, these very things were done, almost as if there were no laws against them in existence. Law, even with the death penalty affixed, was no barrier then to the gross-est immorality; and civil law, in itself, has no greater power to-day. Another fact presents itself upon this side of the question; and that is that the United States Govern-ment has but lately countenanced polygamy by the treaty made with the Sultan of Sulu, who will hence-forth practise and maintain polygamy in a part of the Philippine Islands under American authority. Having given this virtual sanction to polygamy abroad, the Government has greatly weakened the hands of those who oppose it at home. This is a part of the evil heri-tage of the policy of foreign conquest. The Salt Lake Ministerial Association will not do well to oppose polygamy by the power of a constitu-tional law, in preference to the power of godliness, which it is their special mission to reveal to the world. The Spawn of Imperialism. "Springfield Republican." THE war in South Africa is the hideous product of the imperialistic system to which Great Britain, by the immense growth of her dominion, seems committed. To be entirely just to the British people in placing the responsibility for this fierce and sanguinary conflict, one should, perhaps, look beyond the wrangling and the covetousness which have been the immediate preface of the war, and regard the forces which have their play in the ebb and flow of the tide of empire. A great empire may be compared with a giant mo-nopoly, in that as it continues to grow in size it tends to grow less and less tolerant of small competitors that are obstacles to its complete ascendancy. The larger it grows the greater is the internal pressure to hold abso-kite sway. And, conversely, the greater it is the less can it endure successful opposition by smaller and less powerful rivals. To illustrate: As a railroad company extends its field the extension of itself involves the ab-sorption of more and more branch lines, "feeders," and parallel systems. As the Standard oil monopoly grew in power the impulse to grow still more powerful in-creased with each new destruction of a competitor. When a perfect monopoly exists, as in the case of the coinage of money or the control of the postal system by the United States Government, it is found necessary to make even the smallest and most insignificant competition a crime punishable by fine and imprison-ment. The Government cannot tolerate competition, because of the imperative necessity to maintain its pres-tige. And so an empire finds, as it increases in size and 