742 AMERICAN SENTINEL. not carnal, and whose kingdom is not of this world."ŠArnold's "Life of Macaulay," pp. 123, 124. This is not only good logic, but heavenirtruth as well. For a state or civil power of any rank to dictate how one may exercise his divine right of worship, is an unwarrantable infringement of that which is wholly an-other's. By doing so it assumes that the permission to worship God is dependent on a grant from the civil gov-ernment. But if the civil power can confer such a right as a mark of favor, it can withhold that right without injustice. In that case no one could claim it as his right, but must receive it, if at all, as an absolute gift from the government. Ł There is much involved here. In the first place such an assumption puts the government in the place of God to every citizen, and leads all who obey its dictates into idolatry. It also destroys the right of private judgment and makes every one subject to the religious caprices of those who, for the time, happen to hold the reins of civil power; for it follows that if at any time one set of legis-lators frame regulations for forms of religious worship, their successors may modify or change those regulations for others better suited to their ideas of fitness. Thus all would become subject to a change of religious practice with every change of government. This may be thought an extreme view of the case, but aŁs ultra as it may seem, this was exactly what was done in the reigns succeeding that of Henry VIII of England. Under the governments of Edward, Mary, and Elizabeth, Protestant and Catholic religions alternated as the spir-itual law of the realm, and all subjects were required to change their form of worship to meet the demand of the reigning sovereign, or suffer punishment by the civil au-thorities. No sane person would think of attempting so much in other matters than of religion. A man is little con-cerned about his neighbor's management of his estate. He does not legally interfere because his neighbor's methods of tilling land differ from his own. He would not think of applying to the courts for power to control the size and shape of a house, being erected by another. In all secular things man enjoys the fullest liberty of pri-vate judgment, but when he attempts to exercise this right in matters pertaining to his highest joy here, and the fullness of bliss hereafter, some would seek to restrain and control his operations by legal process, because, for-sooth, they are not just in harmony with his idea of doing such things. He himself has exercised his own judgment in deciding his religious practice, but is not willing to accord the same privilege to others. When unregenerated human nature. controls the individual, how prone is he to lose sight of the Golden Rule : "As ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise." Luke 6:31. There can be no logical reason given why men should not exercise the same right of judgment in religious, as in secular affairs. Was not man endowed of God with.  power of mind to observe, weigh, and make comparisons  from which to draw conclusions? Is it possible for the mind to be enlightened without the exercise of these fac-ulties? Can the average mind restrain such operation if it would ?ŠCertainly not. Then what folly to think that one with strong convictions of religious preference could tamely yield that consciousness to an arbitrary statute. the product of minds with no higher endowment of dis-cernment than his own. Such an one could well say with John Boyle O'Reilly:Š " I care not for the outer voice That deals out praise or blame: I could not with the World rejoice, Nor bear its doom of shame; But when the voice within me speaks. The truth to me is known; He sees himself who inward seeksŠ The riches are his own." J. 0. 0. Church-and-State Agitation in Australia. PROPOSED GOVERNMENTAL RECOGNITION OF THE DEITY. BY G. T. WILSON. THE Australian Christian World, of July 2, 1897, under the title, "Recognition of God," says:Š "The framers of the Constitution need not be irrever-ent, and the formal acknowledgment we ask for is simple and pious, and it may be simply and piously made." This paper voices the sentiments -of the Council of Churches in New South Wales, and it thus reveals the real wishes of many persons in the churches who are no doubt sincere in their desire to see God's name piouily recog-nized in the Constitution and laws of the proposed Com-monwealth. But it is more than a mere "formal acknowledgment" that is asked for, as is 'evident from the expression, "It may be simply and piously made." The word " pious " hak two definitions:Š First, "Godly; reverencing and honoring the Supreme Being in heart and in the practice of the duties he has en-joined;" second, "Practiced under the pretense of reli-gion; as, pious frauds." The recognition of God in the preamble of the Federal Constitution will give a religious coloring to the whole Constitution, and will make it possible to introduce reli-gious legislation into the Federal Parliament a little ater on after the Constitution has been adopted. The thing that is really desired by the class who appear so anxious for the acknowledgment of the Supreme Being in the Commonwealth Bill, is to enforce upon the citizens of federated Australia what they hold to be his law, or their interpretation of that law. That this statement is true, one needs but to recall what the Council of Churches did recently in Sydney, when it sent a deputation to visit the acting premier, to get all the shops closed on Sunday by governmental au-thority.' This very act on the part of the Council of 