t 10 11011111Ltup Equal and exact justice to all rrieri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JULY 17, 1890. NUMBER 28. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. MEN do not form civil societies for the maintenance of any form of religious opinions, but for purposes common to all and antecedent to all; consequently all attempts to found any civil superiority upon religious belief, are simply attempts at fraud and robbery; and are to be re-sisted, like other attempts at fraud and robbery.ŠWestminster Review. ACCORDING to the report of a special agent of the Agricultural Department, fifteen per cent. of the food sold in the country is adulterated or misbranded, causing a total loss to the consumers of about $675,000,000 a year. This would be a large and perfectly legitimate field of operation for those philanthropists who are so profoundly concerned for the pub-lic health that they are fearful that people will not take sufficient rest. They should at least combine with their demand for "civil " rest on Sunday a demand for pure food. In that case their movement would certainly be partially civil; some-thing which cannot be said of it now. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is as much opposed to lotteries as any one can be, and holds that the State should suppress them; but we cannot approve the sentiment ex-pressed recently by Mr. Foster, the leader of the anti-lottery fight in the Louisiana Senate. He declared that the side which he represented could fight $1,000 bills with twenty-five dollar shot guns. This was simply a declaration that they would meet fraud by force. The lottery which they  are fighting is bad, but, bad as it is, it is not as utterly demoralizing as is the use of the shot-gun argument in politics. Those who espouse great moral ideas 'should themselves be moral, and should confine themselves to methods that at least are not opposed to good morals. The use of the shot gun in politics, should be left for the other side in this lottery fight. A Dangerous League. EARLY in the year we noticed in THE SENTINEL the organization in this city of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, and promised at the time to tell more about it when we should find out more. We have now found out more about it, and we are going to tell it; and what we tell about it shall be simply what we know. Document No. 1 of the League, says :Š The objects of the League are to secure constitu-tional and legislative safeguards for the protection of the common school system and other American institutions, and to promote public instruction in harmony with such institutions, and to prevent all sectarian or denominational appropriations of public funds. Hon. John Jay, ex-Minister to Austria, is President, and Rev. James M. King, D. D., of the Methodist Episcopal Church, is General Secretary. Quite a large num-ber of millionaires, and other prominent men, are members of the League, among whom are Bishops Potter and Coxe, Drs. Howard Crosby and John Hall, and Rabbi Mendes. Other well-known names are those of Clinton B. Fisk, H. H. Boyesen, and E. P. Bellamy. The primary step taken, and the first work proposed to be accomplished by the League, is to secure the following amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States :Š No State shall pass any law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding,  by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. That amendment says very much, or it says very little. It says very much that is good, or it says very much that is bad. If it be taken plainly upon what it says, and interpreted according to its true meaning, it is well enough. The latter clause forbids the State to devote any of its funds, or credit, to any sectarian or de-nominational school, or any school under ecclesiastical control. That is, it forbids the appropriation of any funds for church uses or for use in any church institutions. It forbids any State money, or credit, to be given to any church schools; but that clause does not forbid in any way the teaching of religion in the public schools. It does not forbid the use of State money, property, or credit for the purposes of teaching religion in the public schools. The first clause, however, would forbid this if given its true meaning, because no religion can be taught in the public schools and at the same time leave every-body the free exercise of religion. If, therefore, this should become a part of the Constitution, and should be inter-preted and enforced according to the true meaning of the words used, it would be well enough; but this is not intended by the League which proposes the amend-ment. They do not intend by it that the teaching of religionŠof Christianity in factŠshall be excluded from the public schOols. And this is why we have said that the proposed amendment means much that is good, or much that is bad. If it be fairly interpreted, if it be interpreted according to the meaning of the words used, it is good; but if it be interpreted according to the intents of the League which framed it, then it is only bad. We have not the individual views of all the enrolled members; but we have the printed views of both the President and the General Secretary, and if the principles of the League, and the intents 