illIjI011h1111  01. ---- ri"c---; ŠŁ Ł or' - 4 .  41iPl  II Ill  Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK,' AUGUST 20, 1891. NUMBER 33. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. MISOCLiTS EDITORS, C. P. Bommoz, W. H. McKim. IF the Lord himself could have secured morality or righteousness by law, he never would have needed to send the gospel. Therefore, as the Sunday-law workers have wedded themselves to a scheme of making men moral by law, the proper and consistent thing for them to do, is to utterly repudiate the use of the gospel. No man can ever of right make his religion the basis of any plea for govern-mental favor, nor the ground of any com-plaint of governmental discrimination. If there is not enough good in the religion to pay him for professing it then there is not enough to pay the government for taking any legal notice of it in any way whatever. .4. THAT which is the Lord's, rests solely between man and God; and if any man does not render it to God, he is responsible only to God, and not to any man, nor to any assembly or organization of men, for his failure or refusal to render it to God; and any power that undertakes to punish any man for his failure or refusal to ren-der to God what is God's puts itself in the place of God. A DAY of weekly rest is in itself an in-stitution of God. Its basis is the rest of God, which was wholly spiritual. Its purpose is to cultivate the spiritual in man. Its authority is the commandment of God which is spiritual and religious, and which must be religiously and spirit-ually observed to be observed at all. As  says the seer of Patmos, " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." The whole subject, therefore, in all its bearings is entirely beyond the jurisdiction and even the reach of the power of civil government or of man. It rests wholly in the power and jurisdiction of God, and remains solely between the individual and God. Sunday Petitions. IT seems that those who circulate Sun-day-closing, and Sunday-law petitions dis-like to have them dissected. That, upon the outset, is not a recommendation for them. Truth says, " Handle me carefully, turn me over, examine me." Error says, " Hide me, roll me up in a napkin-and lay me away." No man, except a criminal, is in this country compelled by law to work. All are free to shut up shop and take a vaca-tion or a day of rest. Men of wealth can of course afford to take more time for rest and recreation. Those of thrift and mer-cenary tendencies may take less than they are able to take. The Sunday-closing petition contemplates the forcing of all, whether willing, able or not, to take one day of rest regularly each week, and upon a certain day of the week. And why ? Oh, it is said that some will not close up on Sunday unless they are compelled to do so by law, and they should be made to do so, as there are others in the same line who wish to, and unless all are required to close, those who are open will get more trade than those who close up. So one man signs a petition to force his neighbor to close up when he wishes to close, so that he will lose no money by taking his vacation or day of rest. And what is that but supreme selfishness ? What prompts to the act but a purely mercenary motive ? The former could take his rest if he chooses to, but somebody who chooses to keep at his business would be making some money, and he can't stand that, so he petitions. Who can fail to see that love of money is the ruling principle underneath the Sun-day-closing petition ? that the business man who signs it and says he will not close unless others are made to close also, virtually confesses that his love of money is stronger than his love for his religion and his Sabbath ? And what shall be said of those pro-fessors of the gospel of Jesus Christ who urge men on in this scheme of selfishness, and thus encourage them in that which in Holy Writ is declared to be " the root of all evil ?" (1 Tim. 6, 10.) The religion of Christ teaches men not to set their affections on things on the earth, but to set their affections on things above; not to love the world nor the things that are in it, but to seek first the kingdom of heaven; not to seek for the gold which perisheth, but that inheritance which en-dureth; not to hoard up treasures below, but to sell what they have, give alms and lay up treasure in heaven. That religion teaches men to deny 'themselves, take up the crosses, and let their religion cost them somethingŠthe loss of property, the loss of friends, the loss of all things, even life itself, if need be, to win Christ and eternal life through him. But what kind of moral stamina can the circulation and ad-vocacy of such petitions be creating ? We leave it to the candid reader if it is not rather an incentive to worldliness and worldly gain, and an encouragement to men to think that they must " be carried to the skies on flowery beds of ease," or else decide that they will not go there at all. The whole thing is wrong from first to last. It is not even civil to force men to stop their legitimate work, and much less religious. Idleness of itself is an evil, and that is all Sunday-closing petitions, Sun-day ordinances and Sunday laws (at least those of to-day; they may be different by and by) teachŠthat is so far as their mere wording goesŠsimply idleness. They are simply negative. They do not say what you shall do, but simply what you shall not do. But that isn't all they imply. Say what you may, while they prohibit all secular employment and recreation, they intend that you shall go to church and act religious, whether you are or not, though 