80 AMER1411111r ,SENTINEL. bodies of the land) calling for polit-ical salvation,Šfor salvation of the nation, through polticsŠmore loudly than they are calling for per-sonal salvation? And in this are they not rejecting Christ, as dad the/1  Jews? Verily they are. Jeans is noit a political Saviour, but a bavir  of individuals "from their sins." NEW YORK, FEBRUARY I, 1900. THE article which we reprint this week from the Sabbath Recorder, gives some recent history showing how Sunday laws which contain "the usual exemption" for observers of the seventh day, have worked in New Jersey. Read it. As WE note elsewhere in this issue, a great "Christian Political 'Union" is called for by representatives of the leading religious bodies in this country, and a meeting to inaugu-rate such an organization is to be held May 1, in Illinois. A national committee has been appointed, rep-resenting Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, California, Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, and Alabama; and the Woman's Temple, in Chi-cago, has been selected as the na-tional headquarters. THE "Blue-Law Sunday" has come to Baltimore, and in consequence, says a dispatch, "there is great ex-citement and worry among trades-men." The announcement has been made that "the [Sunday] law will be carried out to the letter." Only motormen and trolley-car conduct-ors will be allowed to work. "One newsdealer has prepared the follow-ing sign, which he will display on his store door Sunday: 'Closed on account of our great grandfathers' Blue Law and some fanatical hypo-crites.' " THE Jewish nation rejected Christ because they were seeking a political saviour,Ša saviour of the nation, from the Romans. Christ came as a personal Saviour and therefore they did not want him. And do we not see the same thing to-day, in the UnitedStates? Are not thereligious STATISTICS of Sunday labor'in Min-nesota furnished by Labor CoMmis-sioner McHale, show that only 9,889 persons habitually work on _Sun-days, and the amount of work done on Sundays is only about 25 per cent. of that done on week days, owing to shorter hours. In eating houses Sunday labor is 94 per cent. of week day labor, and in municipal work 96 per cent.; in drug stores, 75 per cent. newspaper offices, 42 per cent.; railways, 33 per cent. DR. PARKHURST, the foremost ad-vocate of municipal "reform" in New York City, says he favors the open-ing of saloons during certain hours on Sundays for the sale of beer. But can Dr. Parkhurst, or any other reformer of similar views, give a logical reason why it is right to open a place of business a part of the day on Sunday, but wrong to keep it open throughout the day? And can anyone tell, also, why the line upon the sale of intoxicants should be drawn so as to allow the sale of beer, and prohibit the sale of other alcoholic drinks? Do NOT skip the article published in this issue on the menace of mill_ tarism. The facts which it states ought to be in the minds of every American citizen. They are furn-ished by an intelligent Frenchman, who has had ample means of know-ing the exact truth about the things of which he writes. B. H. ROBERTS, polygamist, has been kept out of Congress, but at the cost, as many think, of "another hole in the Constitution." But an-other hole in the Constitution will hardly be noticed nowadays. THE question whether the Catholic friars are to be forced upon the peo-ple in the Philippines, says Arch-bishop Chapelle, will be settled by "the pope, General Otis, and my-self." It is easy to forecast how the question will be settled under this arrangement. RECENTLY a mass meeting under the auspices of several "patriotic orders" was held in Washington, D. C., for the purpose of considering the political encroachments of the papacy, at which resolutions were passed affirming the religious free-dom of all citizens under the Consti-tution and their right under it to be exempt from taxation for the prop-agation of religious opinions; that this is (4, Protestant nation and that the Protestant religion is necessary to the preservation of the Constitu-tion; and that no money ought to be paid out of the Treasury to Ro-man Catholic institutions, or Cath-olic chaplains appointed in the army and navy: And the Catholic Mirror points to these resolutions as being "so unique" that it gives them "for, the amusement" of its readers. There was a time in Amer-ican history when no intelligent ournal would have referred to such resolutions as being"unique" in this I, country. The resolutions do not go far enough. It is as bad to appropriate public funds for Protestant religious institutions as for those of the Cath-olics, and as bad to appoint Prot- estant chaplains for the army and navy, as to appoint Catholic chap-lains. The principle of the proceed-ing is the same in both cases,and it is a papal principle. .0 "JUDGING from present results," remarks the Baltimore American, "another Peace Conference would about embroil the universe." 