A:ME/41(JAN Vol. 8. No. 4. Jones consistentlyŠhe and his people are nothing if not consistent to the coreŠdis-claimed any desire to have his "seventh day" substituted for Sunday, declaring, with perfect correctness, that all such legislation, involved that union of Church and State which his organization is pledged to oppose with unrelenting hostility. Bub he also laid special stress on the fact that his brethren were not disturbed in any manner whatever in their " seventh-day " observances by other people's pursuit of their regular occupationsŠand therefore they did not need the law, even if they felt it right to ask its aid, in order to en-able them to observe their day according to their wish. We have among us Jews and Seventh-day Baptists, and their expe-rience is the sameŠthat no " Sunday law " is needed to protect them in the full enjoy-ment of their scriptural Sabbath. We have also Roman Catholics and Episcopa-lians who observe such fasts and feasts as Lent, Christmas, Good Friday, " saints days," etc., by holding religious assem-blies. Not one of them has ever com-plained that these assemblies are in any wise disturbed by the steady course of the world's daily work and traffic. The case is still stronger when we come to those who are specially interested in Sunday laws, to Those agency such laws and their spasmodic enforcement are due. These may be broadly grouped as "Evangel-icals." Such persons make a regular practice of holding " prayer-meetings " on week-days. The claim has never been advanced that these assemblies are dis-turbed by the ordinary labor of those who fail to attend them. So, also, with the great " revivals " to which some of them are addicted. Day after day, every day and night in the week, they assemble for religious purposes on such occasions. It has never been remarked that the week-day services are disturbed any more than those held on SundayŠthat they are any less satisfactory to those who conduct them, or less profitable in the ratio of " conversions " to attendance. Sothat we see our proposition that nothing can disturb a religious meeting which does not disturb any other kind of meeting proven by daily experience of the life around us. And we see further that, as the disturbance of religious meetings at any time will be prevented by the " police-power " of the State, no "Sunday law " is needed to prevent such disturb-ance. And we are thus brought face to face with the truth of the matterŠnamely, that the only disturbance involved in Sunday work is the disturbance of one man's right to constrain another to a cer-tain line of conduct as a religious duty; and that Sunday laws are therefore passed with a religious purpose, and designed to punish offenses against religion as such, and so constitute a " preference " by the State of one religion over another. As this true character of Sunday laws becomes more and more evident to the American people, the demand for their repeal grows stronger and stronger. Nor is this demand to be thwarted by quibbling over what constitutes a union of Church and State. Like other unions, this may be complete or partial. The only instance in history of a complete union of the two, or an absolute identity of Church and State was the polity of the Hebrews in Palestine. t But in every civilized country the union exists to a greater or less extent. It was to guard against it that all such too iIiInaan's History of the Jews. provisions as those forbidding a prefer-ence among religions have been inserted in the American constitutions. It exists in the very teeth of such provisions wher-ever a Sunday law is found. (Concluded next week.) Is Sunday Closing a Temperance Measure ? [Upon being requested to join in a memorial to Parliament praying that the sale of liquor might be stopped on Sunday, the Present Truth, pub-lished in London, Eng., made the following re-sponse in its issue of December 29, 1892 :] WE are always glad to see any advance-ment in the cause of temperance. We do not regard temperance as an aid to or a handmaid of religion, but as being a necessary part of religion. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godli-ness, brotherly kindness, charity, are the graces, the possemion of which the Apostle Peter declares will make one fruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Temperance, therefore, is not a light mat-ter. It embraces total abstinence from all intoxicating liquors; but that alone does not constitute the whole of temperance. While nominally a total abstainer from intoxicating liquor passes for a temperate man, and nothing less than that can have any claim to be called temperance, true temperance really implies the possession of all the Christian graces. In the Scrip-tures temperance is classed with right- eousness. It is the outgrowth of faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. The first question to be settled, and in-deed the only question, is whether or not the Sunday-closing movement is in reality a temperance measure. It will readily be admitted that although a movement may profess to be for the promotion of temperance, yet the most ardent temper-ance man is bound to stand aloof from it if it is evident that it will not accomplish anything for temperance. Much more is this true, if on the other hand it appears that its supporters are wholly deceived in the matter, and that it really tends to the upbuilding and strengthening of the liquor traffic. Without in the least ques-tioning the sincerity of those who are laboring so earnestly for the securing of Sunday closing of public-houses, we are bound to say that the movement is in the interest of intemperance rather than of temperance. A few points taken from the memorial and from the Reporter will make this appear. In the argument against Sunday clos-ing by local option, we find the following reason:Š It will place Sunday closing at a disadvantage in relation to other questions. If the matter could be referred to the inhabitants direct for their decision there would be less objection to it, because there are few districts, probably none, where, if the people had the power, they would not close public-houses on Sundays. But the bodies to whom it is proposed to give the necessary powers will be elected on many issues, and there will be many personal and local considerations. Amongst them, in not a few districts, Sunday closing might be lost sight of and not obtained, though the people would have welcomed it. Even if the authority were elected solely to deal with the liquor traffic, it must be remembered that Sunday closing is quite distinct from prohibition. In such a case the elec-tion would turn on prohibition, and Sunday closing might be lost to the district because its inhabitants were not prepared to vote for closing public-houses seven days in a week. ONLY A QUESTION OF DAYS. The italics in the above quotation are our own. It is clear enough that the stopping of the liquor tram is not the  object of the proposed legislation. Neither is the movement prompted by opposition to the liquor traffic in itself. The objec-tion is solely to the time when. it is carried on. It is a question of days, and not of the selling of liquor. This appears fur-ther from the statement that those who are in the liquor-selling business and are opposed to the movement for Sunday clos-ing " are in a miserable minority," and that " they are repudiated even by their own class." Now anyone who takes time for even one moment's serious thought well knows that no people will favor a movement that will curtail their own bus-iness. The drapers would not for a mo-ment listen to any proposition looking to-ward the limiting of their sales of cloth-ing, the shoemakers would never be found favoring an act of Parliament which would diminish by one-seventh the sale of shoes, and least of all will the publicans ever be found assenting to a, proposition to curtail the sale of liquor, by which they get their living. The statement that publicans are in. favor of Sunday closing is the strongest proof that Sunday closing will not in the least diminish the amount of liquor consumed. This will be still more apparent by an-other quotation from the Sunday Closing Reporter. It is said that at the last meet-ing of the West Derby Board of Guar-dians, " Mr. Beesley observed, as an old publican, that the best thing for the people would be the closing of the public-houses on Sunday. Workingmen who had only five or six shillings a week to spend with a publican, without distress-ing their families, had quite enough to do to make their money last them six days." Exactly. The people can spend all their money at the public-houses in six days, and have hard work to make it last even that long, and therefore what is the use of keeping the houses open on Sunday ? When the publicans can get all the money of their customers in six days what is the use of their working seven days to get only the same amount ? As the Reporter says, " This is candid testimony." It is indeed; but it is fatal to the idea that the Sunday-closing move-ment is to any degree whatever a temper-ance measure, or that it will in the least diminish the amount of liquor sold and consumed. On the contrary, it is in reality a move-ment to clothe the liquor traffic with greater respectability. We do not mean that the Sunday Closing Association has any such object in. view, but that will be the result. They are beyond all doubt sincere in their efforts, but the outcome, if they are successful, will be to intrench the liquor business more firmly than ever before. This is evident because the very nature of the movement recognizes the right of the traffic to exist, and .puts it on a level with "other trades." The at-tempt to stop the sale of liquor on Sun-day is a tacit admission that it is all right to sell it on any other day of the week. It puts the liquor traffic on a level with any legitimate business. AN APT ILLUSTRATION. A little illustration will make this more clear. Here are two ladies who are both very devoted observers of the Sunday. One of them sees her little boy out trun-dling his hoop on Sunday morning, and cries out to him, " Willie, you must not play with your hoop on Sunday; it is wrong." Would Willie get the idea that it is a sin to roll his hoop ? Would he, 