AMERICAN SENTINEL.  137 or be imprisoned," etc. Jacob Strubel, having been convicted and fined $5, said he had not the money to pay, and when his counsel called the attention of Justice Fitzgerald to the wording of the law, which saysnothing about the alternative of imprisonment for first offenses, the prisoner was discharged. Sunday Enforcement in Baltimore. [Ix an exchange we note the following with reference to the situation in Baltimore, Md., growing out of the recent crusade for the enforcement of Sunday observance in that place:Ñ] The ancient Sunday law of Maryland, passed in 1723 A. n., reads as follows:Ñ "No person shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord'a day, commonly called Sunday, and,n o person having children or servants shall command or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity or charity always excepted), nor shall any one suffer or permit any chil-dren or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastime or recre-ation." Urged forward by the Sunday reformers, the author-ities of Baltimore ordered the rigid enforcement of the law. An order was issued to the entire police force for Sunday, Jan. 28, 1900, to note all violations of this law. It was announced that this order included cigar dealers, grocers, meat dealers, messenger boys, hack-men, coachmen, saloon-keepers, drivers, bootblacks, fruit dealers, soda-water dealers, ice-cream dealers, newsboys, lunch-room dealers, clerks, typewriters, con-fectioners, stationers, etc., etc. Such was the program for January 28. As a result hundreds of violators and of witnesses who were regis-tered by the police, gave fictitious names, and the plans of the Grand Jury were thwarted. The movement which the friends of Sunday had urged was turned into a movement against the ancient law by inducing steps for a new statute. Hence we have the following report, through the New York Tribune, of the situation one week later. Under date, Feb. 3, 1900, its Baltimore correspondent says:Ñ "The Blue Laws will not be enforced so rigidly to-morrow, for the reason that the Grand Jury has about six thousand witnesses of violatimns of the law already on its hands, and it is not anxious to have that number doubled by the police to-morrow. At a conference of the police authorities to-day it was decided to make exceptions to-morrow in the cases of newsboys,-boot-blacks, baggage-wagon drivers, elevator boys and cab-men. It is apparent that it is impossible to enforce the laws,made 172 years ago, without stopping street-cars, newspapers, and even cooks and servants from perform-ing duties. The bill for the modification of the laws now, in the legislature \will probably be passed next week  and permit those members of the Grand Jury who in-sisted on a rigid enforcement of the old laws to get out of an embarrassing position."ÑSabbath Recorder. 4.   Religion in the Public Schools. THE controversy over religious teaching in the public schools has appeared in the public schools of Harlem, N. Y. City. An atheist, named Bitner, whose boy attends one of the schools, does not want the latter instructed about God or given other religious teaching, and on this ground takes exception to the reading of the Bible at the opening services which the boy is obliged to attend. Mr. Bitner intends to carry the case into the courts if necessary. The following statement of the case is made by the Herald, of this city:Ñ "John Jasper, Superintendent of Schools for Man-hattan, said yesterday that the Bitner case had not been brought to his official knowledge. 'The laws gov-erning the schools of this county,' he said, 'provide that no religious instruction shall be given or any teachings of a sectarian nature permitted. It is provided, how-ever, that on opening school every day a chapter of Scripture shall be read, without note or comment. We have never had a complaint, so far as I know, that these provisions were being violated.' "It was pointed out to Mr. Jasper that young Bit-ner's troubles had arisen through his refusal to copy from dictation the word 'God,' which was in the lines read. He was asked if there was anything in the in-structions to teachers that prevents them from giving as dictation exercise lines that contain religious teach-ings. " 'No instructions on this subject, so far as I know, have ever been given,' was the reply. 'Teachers are al-lowed to use their discretion in the selection of exercises, and they are supposed to know that the law forbids them to impart religious or sectarian teachings.' Mr. Jasper declined to comment on the propriety of using the verse that had led to young Bitner's recalcitrancy." Religious instruction is the highest and most neces-sary instruction that can be imparted,and for this very reason it does not belong within the domain of public school education. And as religious truth is so much in controversy, to attempt to teach religion in the public schools would only precipitate controversies in the schools, bitter as all religious controversies are, which would work only harm to the schools and to the cause of Christianity as well. But it is a queer provision of the State law on this matter that "no religious instruction shall be given," and yet that every day "a chapter of Scripture shall be read, without note or comment." Where does religious instruction come from, if not from the Bible? This part of the law would not be likely to stand a test in court. In the recent case of the Catholic children in Pier, 