THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 269 say to the grossest idolater, " We are Chris-tians, and believe the Golden Rule of Christ. Now we desire you to be a Christian. We wish you to observe the institutions of Christianity. If you do not desire to do so, we will compel you so to do." By that they say to him, " This would be just what you ought to do by usŠcompel observ-ance of your gross idolatryŠif our situa-tions were reversed, and the power were in your hands." And if the National Reform theory be correct and Christian, the Golden Rule justifies religious prosecution and persecution, in all lands, of all religions. Either Christ taught that it was right to compel religious observance, or National Reformers are not followers of Christ. Do National Reformers ever read the in-struction of Christ ? Will they follow it ? Then they will no longer be National Re-formers, seeking through civil laws and penalties to propagate the religion of Christ; for National Reformers and the Christianity of Christ are diametrically opposed the one to the other. Christ gave the Golden Rule to keep his followers from the exercise of all oppres-sion and tyranny. And those who believe more in His sayings than they do in their own selfish greed for place and power, will never seek to enforce any religion or religious institution on their followers. But perhaps National Reformers have never learned the Golden Rule. For their sakes we repeat it again : " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." M. C. WILCOX. God and Caesar. ALTHOUGH for the sake of prejudicing Christian people, many religio-political reformers stigmatize our secular form of government as " atheistical," and the sec-ularist as a " political atheist," yet it re-mains a fact that the words of Christ, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's," probably had more influence in the adoption of our secular theory of government than any other one thing. Those words were made the texts of sermons by ministers in all parts of the land; they were used by statesmen, con-ventions and legislatures; they were re-peated in political disquisitions, until Christian people everywhere thoroughly understood that the Christian theory and the secular of government were one and the same thing. Ex-President Madison had occasion to recall this fact on receiving an address at the ceremonial,of laying the corner-stone of St. Matthew's Church in New YorkŠan address which touched upon the rela-tion of religion and the State. Speaking of the address, Madison says :Š It is a pleasing and persuasive example of pious zeal, united with pure benevolence, and of cordial attachment to a particular creed, untinctured with  sectarian illiberality. It illustrates the excellence of a system [our secular theory] which, by a due distinction, to which the genius and courage of Luther led the way, between what is due to Coesar and what is due to God, best promotes the discharge of both obligations. The experience of the United States is a happy disproof of the error so long rooted in the unen-lightened minds of well-meaning Christians, as well as in the corrupt hearts of persecuting usurp-ers, that without a legal incorporation of religious and civil polity, neither could be supported. A mutual independence is found most friendly to practical religion, to social harmony, and to polit-ical prosperity. With this direct acknowledgment on the part of Madison that our secular Gov-ernment is the direct outgrowth of that great religious movementŠthe Reforma-tionŠand his reference to the words of Christ, we may give full credence to the following words from Bancroft, rather than accept the prejudiced slurs of those who would, if they could, destroy the grand political system of the American peopleŠa system which commands the admiration of the world. Bancroft says : " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new Nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal Government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of con-science, the sanctuary of the soul; and, not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power."ŠHistory of the Formation of the Constitution, book V, chapter 1. Religious LegislationŠIts Relation to the Civil Government. [This article is an abridgment of an essay by William A. Westworth, a pupil of the Buffalo High School. The essay was given honorable mention, but was not admitted to be read on ac-count of its " too radical character." The charac-ter of the paper remains unchanged. We have simply abbreviated it to accommodate it to our limited space.] " CONGRESS shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." The religious persecution which characterized the Middle Ages had shown to the founders of this Government that to the State be-longed no power of religious legislation. Well could they see the effect of a union of Church and State, and well did they know that a hierarchical form of government would soon bring as great persecution upon them as had existed in the mother countries under such form; therefore the above was adopted as the first amend-ment to our " Constitution of Liberty." From the fourth century the aim of the Church had been to gain, not only abso-lute religious, but also civil sway; this they did obtain and for many years held. Under that rule no religious tolerance  was known. Man's conscience was sub-jugated; freedom of thought was sup-pressed. But the flame at last did burst and religious liberty took the place of re-ligious persecution. From the wise thought of our fore-fathers this country has known no rup-ture on account of religion; and when, comparing the prosperity of this with other countries, no student of history can disclaim the advantages of such laws as ours. But even while we boast our su-periority over such countries, as Russia, Turkey, and others having the church represented in the government, we are not likely to notice that even in our own land of freedom there is already arising a spirit of intolerance that would enforce religious principles on all, Christian, Jew and infidel. Twenty-fiveŠyes, ten years ago, such a proposition would have been greeted as preposterous, and even now, some, unac- quainted with the agencies at work, would ridicule the idea. But notice the workings of Congress for the past few years, and the repeated at-tempts at religious enforcement stand out prominently. The last bill was intro-duced by Senator Blair, May 21, 1888, and was denominated thus, " A Bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest; and to promote its observance as a day of wor-ship." The bill was to compel all to refrain from any secular work; to prohibit carry-ing mail matter, transportation of goods, the paying or receiving of money, and all military or naval drills or parades. The bill applied to all whether they believed in a rest -day or not. No provision was made for any sect observing any other day of the week. Nor did this effort comprehend all the aims of its founders and leaders, the " Na-tional Reform Party." Not only do they wish to secure some particular day as a Sabbath, but they wish to compel every man, using their own words, " to ack-nowledge that God is sovereign, that Christ is ruler and that the Bible is the supreme law." The Christian Statesman (their mouthpiece), of October 2, 1884, says :Š Give all men to understand that this is a ChrisŁ  tian Nation, and that, believing that without Christianity we perish, we must maintain by all right means our Christian character. Inscribe this character upon our Constitution. Enforce upon all that come among us the laws of Christian morality. Ł But the National Reform Party is not alone in this movement. The Women's Christian Temperance UnionŠand I speak of them with due appreciation of their foundation principles, seen in their name, that is, the suppression of the liquor traf-ficŠhas joined hands with the National Reform Association and perhaps the truest idea of their position can be gained from 