JULY 1S, 1895. S.EN-91PINIHAF.A. 231 him to do. There is a difference between conscience and the rights of conscience. No man, however conscientious, has any right to infringe the equal rights of another; and at this point civil government has a right to take cognizance, not of any man's conscience, buCof the relation of the act to the rights of others. The principle briefly stated is this: No man should be either required or forbidden to do any act contrary to conscience, however erroneous that conscience may be, unless the doing or forbearing to do that act trenches on the equal rights of others This ruleŁwould (1) abrogate all civil laws requiring the observance of Sunday or of any other day; and (2) it would leave the courts free, not to judge men's consciences, but to protect all men against wrong in the name of _conscience. But this is only saying in other words that which we have said many times before, namely, that civil governments are instituted, not to create onto " grant" rights, but to guarantee the free and untrammeled exercise of equal, natural, God-given,, inalienable rights, and that of these the highest and most sacred is perfect freedom in matters of religious belief and practice. -0- THE ROLL OF HONOR. The Press Protests Against Persecution. THE secular press of the country, irrespective of locality or political creed, is coming to a re.-alization of the crimes perpetrked upon inof-fensive Seventh-day Adventists in several States, '''and is speaking bravely for the oppressed. Without doubt not a tenth part of those that Ł have condemned these modern persecutions has come to our notice, but through the kindness of their editors or some other friends of religious liberty, the following papers have reached us with editorial denunciations of these antichristian, un-American acts of in-tolerance. We hope the friends of religious liberty will continue to send us marked copies of these or other periodicals which discuss the subject, and we promise to add their names to this list if opposed to these persecutions, or to the list that follows this one, if they indorse the persecution:Š TENNESSEE. Nashville Banner. Nashville American. Chattanooga Times. Dayton Republican. Dayton Leader. Daily Times, Dayton, Clinton Gazette. Maynardsville Eagle. South Pittsburg Republican. Jamestown Gazette. Huntsville Chronicle. Enterprise, Deer Lodge. Dispatch, Sunbright. MINNESOTA. The Progress, Minneapolis.. Independent, Leroy. Pioneer Press, St. Paul. Red Wing Argus, Republican, Fulda. Minneapolis Journal. The McIntosh Times. Pine Island Record. The Hills Crescent. Daily Globe, St. Paul. Anaconda Standard, St. Paul. MASSACHUSETTS. Boston Traveller. Arena, Boston. BolitOri Daily Globe. spthigno.4._ Republican. Martha's Vineyard Herald. Malden City Press. ILLINOIS. Chicago Inter-Ocean. Chicago Tribune. Chicago Times. Chicago Daily Globe. South Chicago Daily Calumet. Warren Sentinel. Courier, Gibson City. Cuba Journal. IOWA. Iowa State Register, Des Moines. Lawler Dispatch. Sigourney Review. New Era, Grand Junction. Spokane Falls Review. Mills County Journal, Glenwood. Lester Record. Ithuriel, Des Moines. MICHIGAN. Battle Creek Journal. Kalamazoo Morning News. Midland Republican. Morrison's Town Talk, Bay City. Ypsilanti Commercial. Charlotte Tribune. Rockford Register. Morning Patriot, Jackson. INDIANA. Indianapolis Sentinel. Evening News, Michigan City. Noblesville Ledger. New Haven News. The Echo, Darlington. NEW YORK. New York World. New York Sun. New York Commercial Advertiser. Rome Daily Sentinel. Truth Seeker. CALIFORNIA. San Francisco Examiner. Public Opinion, San Francisco, Coast Advocate, Half Moon Bay. Dixon Tribune. Four Corners, Wheatland. Long Beach Breaker. Berkeley Herald. COLORADO. Rocky Mountain News, Denver. UTAH. Evening Press, Ogden. Herald, Salt Lake City. KENTUCKY. Louisville Courier Journal. Carrollton Commercial. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. Washington Chronicle. LOUISIANA. Times-Democrat, New Orleans. Lafayette Gazette. PENNSYLVANIA. Daily Herald, Morristown. Daily Telegraph, Sharon. KANSAS. Liberator, Norton. Wamego Times. Greeley News. NEW MEXICO. San Juan Times, Farmington. CONNECTICUT. Mystic Press. WISCONSIN. Reedsburg Free Press. OREGON. Portland Transcript. NEBRASKA. Silver Creek Times. Antelope Tribune, Neligh. Oakdale Sentinel. Missouni. St. Louis Republic. Iron County Register, Ironton. DELAWARE. Sunday Star, Wilmington. WEST VIRGINIA. Mountain State Gavel, New Martinsville. NEW JERSEY. Bayonne Democrat. Daily State Gazette. TEXAS. Weekly Star, Marshall. Sunday Gazette, Denison. OHIO. Columbus Evening Press-Post. MONTANA. The Age, Boulder. RHODE ISLAND. Pope Valley Advertiser. GEORGIA. Atlanta Constitution, June 20, 1890. Naragansett Times, Wakefield. WASHINGTON. Medical Lake Ledger. Advertiser, Sprague. Religious Press. Of the religious press, the following jour-nals have spoken against the persecution of seventh-day observers:Š Independent, New York. Examinet (Baptist), New York. Outlook (Congregational), New York. Christian Register (Unitarian), Boston. Unity (Unitarian), Chicago. Church Bulletin (Baptist), South Chicago. Watchman (Baptist), Boston. Indiana Baptist, Indianapolis. Die Rundschau (Lutheran), Chicago. Monitor (Catholic), San Francisco. Catholic Mirror, Baltimore. Hebrew World, NeW York. Chicago Israelite. American Hebrew, New York. Jewish Spectator, Nashville. Jewish Criterion, Pittsburg. American Israelite, Cincinnati. Favor The Persecution. The following papers have attempted to justify the imprisonment of the Advent-ists:Š SECULAR. Atlanta Constitution. Pulaski (Tenn.) Citizen. Heartsville (Mo.) Press. RELIGIOUS. Canadian Baptist, Toronto, Ontario. Nashville Baptist. Texas Baptist Standard. Alabama Baptist. Messenger and Visitor (Baptist), St. Johns, N. B. PUBLIC(ITIONS 0' THE SEIBRITH QUESTION. The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1, 000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature wand Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says, what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. " The Christian Sabbath.ﬂ No. 113 of the Libretry. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty 14-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 late octavo pagesŁ pike, cloth, $2.00; library binding, P.50 Catalogue of religions publications sent free. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street New Yerk City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 