AMERICAN SENTINEL. 311 THE Atlanta Constitution notes that "recent social events in New York are of such a character as to chal-lenge fears for the future of the country;" and speak-ing more particularly of one such recent social event, says:Š "When a multi-millionaire can present a new wife to the world each day, and when later they can reach the point of swapping wives, without shame and without loss of caste, it is certain that we had better employ some of our foreign missionaries at home." * Yes; some things are evidently "certain" in the light of such events, and one of them is that when high soci-ety in the leading city of the North lightly sets aside the claims of social morality, and when the "best citizens" in the leading States of the South uphold the burning of negroes at the stake, and when these features of Ameri-can civilization are rapidly growing, this civilization needs to be radically reformed before it is imposed on the Philippines or any other country. This is certain, and it ought to be plain to any observing person. * nations went to war when the sacrifice of men was cer-tain to be much greater than any modern war has in-volved; for it is a fact that when armies fought hand-to-hand, the slaughter was vastly greater than is occa-sioned by themse of the "improved" weapons of to day. War was always a most desolating scourge, but no na-tion was ever deterred from going to war by the knowl-edge of this fact. * * Just now the powerful nations are busy dividing up the territory of weaker kingdoms; but when Africa and China no longer furnish them spoils, they will be ready to fight among themselves for the spoils they have taken. Spoliation is the spirit of the age, and every-thing is sacrificed to the instinct of gain. The best and the only guarantee of peace is the love of peace that comes from the principle of unselfishness. This never failed to keep peace between individuals, and if in-dividuals would refuse to fight, there could be no wars between nations. * * It is worth while to note in connection with this sub-ject, that a peace congress has been called by the "Prince of Peace," and that He purposes to secure peace by "disarmament." There is something said on this point in the forty-sixth psalm. It would not be time lost to look up what the Prince of Peace has said on this sub-ject; for there is no uncertainty about the execution of His purposes. * * * * A CABLEGRAM dated at Berlin, May 7, states that Professor Delbrueck, the eminent German historian, has created some stir by a remarkable article in the Prussian Year Book on the subject of "War and Peace of the Future," in which he says that the czar's peace congress will not lead towards peace, but is bound to lead to war. In his view the best assurance of peace is to be had in -strong military armaments. * * * No individual's opinion on this question would be worth very much, but the testimony of history, upon which we may safely rely, is that under certain condi-tions people are always ready to fight whether they are armed or not, and we may safely conclude that disarma-ment, were it to be realized, would not give the nations any greater love for peace. * * On the other hand, the view that strong armaments constitute a guarantee of peace is without historical support and is contrary to principles which have always governed the conduct of men and of nations. Anciently RECENTLY a French missionary in China, a priest, was imprisoned by turbulent Chinese; and now the French government demands satisfaction. The demand made upon China is the surrender of mining privileges to the value of 1,200,000 taels in the province of Sze-Chuan, one of the largest in China and traversed by the Yang-tse-Kiang river. The Chinese are bold enough to say that they consider the demand exhorbitant. * * * The "Christian" nations have a great regard for mis-sionaries and their work when it offers them an oppor-tunity to gain money and territoryfrom a weaker power. The demands they make upon the heathen nations in satisfaction for injuries done to missionaries, are of course directly against the interests of missionary work. The natives sense the injustice and hypocrisy of the pro-ceeding, and identifying Christianity with the acts and pretensions of these armed powers, they are brought to hate the religion which before they regarded only with indifference. It would seem that the truly Christian mis-sionary, placing the salvation of the heathen above all else, would take pains to guard against such a possible 