304. TI E A.1\ittRioAN fact that one man does not observe Sunday, does not interfere in the least with the right of another man to keep it. The fact that one man objects to hearing the Bible read, or to having his children hear it read, does not in the least interfere with the right of another man to read it for himself, and to his children. So the opening of the Fair on Sunday will not in the least degree in-terfere with the personal rights and relig-ious convictions of those who regard Sun-day as the Sabbath, since none will be compelled to visit it on that day. On the other hand, to refuse to have it opened on that day would seriously interfere with the right of thousands who have no con-scientious scruples in regard to the day, and who cannot see the Exposition on any other day, yet who have as much right to see it as others have; and while these are being deprived of a right, those who re-gard Sunday religiously will not be having anything added to their rights and privi-leges, since the closing of the Fair will not enable them to rest or go to church any better than if it were open. In these days professed Christians have need to beware lest they confuse personal rights and selfishness, and while they deprive others of what is their right, add nothing to themselves.ŠSigns of the Times. Danger to Our Civil Institutions. THE.  common sense of the people sees very plainly that if religious instruction is introduced, the school system as it is cannot remain. It will be broken up and church schools substituted. There will be Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, and infidel schools, and each division will have to support its own. The proposition has been made that the school fund be dis-tributed among Catholics and Protest-ants according to their numbers; but the State can make no such religious discrimi-nation. A great part of the population, also, are of no religious belief and convic-tions, and the number of Jewish children in the schools is large, much larger pro-portionately than the number of. Jews in town. Neither is there any agreement among Protestants as to what is the true religion to teach. Schools that would suit Episcopalians would not suit Baptists and Methodists. If there is to be any religious instruction, each party will demand that it be after its own tenets. Each wants to hold its own children in its own fold, for on them chiefly depends the perpetuation of its strength. The only way to escape discord is to keep the instruction purely secular, and it is the only course consistent with our theory of Government. Otherwise we should have to give up the public school system altogether, and turn over educa-tion to private enterprise wholly. If there-were as much dissatisfaction with this di-vorce of religion among parents generally as there is among theologians, such a  result would be unavoidable. The people would not support the public schools. But the census every autumn shows that there is no such popular discontent. In spite of many Catholic and Protestant parish schools, the public school-houses are not large enough and numerous enough to hold the children who are sent to them. The great mass of the people seem to take no interest in the discussion which is so act-ive in many religious quarters. They are not disturbed because religion is out of the schools.--New York Sun. .*  Christian Morality. IN reply to our advice to "read the twelfth chapter of Paul's ' Epistle to the Romans,' to learn what practical Bible Christianity is," the Truth Seeker devotes nearly a page to an attempt to discredit the Scriptures, and after quoting a num-ber of texts which infidels generally re-gard- as objectionable, says :Š We trust that our religious contemporary will be kind enough to say whether it approves of the practical Bible Christianity outlined in. the passages we have quoted; and if it does not to say why. Space forbids any extended answer to the Truth Seeker's effort. It is not the mission of this paper to discuss Bible truth, further than it bears directly upon the proper relations of Church and State. Nevertheless, believing that a courteous question demands a candid reply, we will say that THE SENTINEL is a Christian paper, and that its editors heartily accept the Scriptures as the revealed will of God. We do not, however, accept the interpre-tation put by infidels upon the texts quoted by our Lafayette Place contemporary. For instance, the Truth Seeker says:Š In chapter twelve of the ' Epistle to the Romans,' Paul recommends honesty (ver. 17); but in the third chapter he says :Š For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory, why yet am I also judged as a sinner? Perhaps Paul was trying to make the truth of God abound when he recommended the providing of honest things, for he admits to the Corinthians that he caught them with guile (2 Cor. 12:16). That, we suppose, is "practical Bible Christianity," as the vote buying, slandering of opponents, and deception of the people nowadays by Christian statesmen is practical politics." We dislike to impute to anybody wrong motives, but in this case we can scarcely think that the:-editor of the Truth Seeker does not know that Paul was arguing against the very thing of which infidels accuse him, namely, of doing evil that good might come. The apostle says that this was " slanderously reported" of him then; and it seems that some are still circulating the same old slander. Of guile, Webster says : " Craft; cun-ning; artifice; duplicity; deceit ;Šusually in a bad sense." But the apostle does not use it in a bad sense; indeed, he, did not use the word " guile " at all, but a word meaning " artifice." The Diaglott renders it : " I did not burden you; but being cunning, I took you by artifice." Paul  simply used good judgment in dealing with men; he combined the wisdom Of the serpent with the harmlessness of the dove. This is well illustrated by his sermon on Mars Hill (Acts 17: 22-31); instead of preaching to them from the Jewish Script-ures, he took for his text an inscription on one of their own altars and quoted to them their own poets ; it was thus that Paul used guile. The difficulties which the Truth Seeker finds in the other texts cited are only imaginary, as we have shown them to be in Rom. 3:7 and 2 Cor. 12:16, and we must still insist that it is unjust for that paper to charge upon Christianity all the faults of much of that which to-day is called Christianity. Men professing to be Christians are guilty of " vote buying, slandering -of opponents, and deception of the people," but they are not Bible Chris-tians, and we want the Truth Seeker to recognize the fact. The Bible standard of morals is infinitely higher than is the practice of many who call themselves Christians. The Truth Seeker may deny this, but fortunately its ipse dixit does not make true that which it asserts. The idea that Christianity is immoral is nega-tived not only by the facts, but by the admission of infidels themselves; and it is too late in the history of the world for unbelievers to oppose the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ because it is immoral. The world knows better; and we think that the Truth Seeker must certainly know better too. C. P. B. . The Public Schools. IT is not the business of the public schools to give a complete education, or even an approximation thereto. The prin-ciples upon which they are founded is simply to go so far as within reasonable limitations, may be deemed necessary for the protection and safety of the State. Beyond this we have no business to go. Religion is an individual want or realiza-tion, which pertains to the individual alone, or, distinct from his rights and duties, as represented in the StateŠa part of which he is, and in all of which he bears a responsible share, over and above any allegiance which he owes to his own spiritual nature or the religious powers which represent this element in the ec-clesiastical organism which gives form and force to the outward acts of man. If there are any deficiencies they should be supplied in some other way. If relig-ion could be taught, it should be taught by the church, where each can be repre-sented in its own way, and where each can be cared-  for without interference from the other. The public school is the creature of the 1State, and the State, in this country, is inherently and distinctively republican. So that if you want to set aside or modify the school, in this respect, to suit the special religious views of any 