THE AMERICAN SI-i,'NTINEL- 307 or loan of credit ; and no such appropriation or loan of credit shall be made to any religious or anti-relig-ious sect, organisation, or denomination, or promote its interests or tenets. This article shall not be con-strued to prohibit the reading of the Bible in any school or institution ; and it shall not have the effect to impair rights of property already vested. "Sac. 2. Congress shall have power, by appro-priate legislation, to provide for the prevention or punishment of violations of this article." August 11 this substitute was accepted for the House resolution by a vote of 27 to 15. August 14 the substitute was brought to vote upon its adoption. The vote stood 28 yeas to 16 nays. But as it requires a majority of two-thirds to adopt such a resolution, and as the vote fell two short of being two-thirds, the resolution was lost. This is the Edmunds amendment, and this is its history. And that was the last effort to amend the Constitution until May 25, 1888, when Sen-ator Blair introduced his. And, as stated at the beginning, the Edmunds amendment is being ad-vocated for introduction at the next Congress as well as the Blair amendment. We have not space here to discuss the merit of the Edmunds resolution; we can only say now that it is an excellent illustration of how not to to say it, and leave the Łfuller discussion of it until our next. A. T. J. An Unimpassioned StatementŠof the Case. WE commend to our readers the following can-did and unimpassioned statement, by the Signs of the Times, of the reasons why it cannot co-operate with the Prohibition party and with the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. The rea-sons given are sound, and the second prevails with thousands of honest people in all denom-inations and in all parts of the country. The Signs says :Š This paper has from its very inception to the present time been an advocate of the prohibition of the liquor traffic; and, knowing this, some of our friends are unable to understand why we do not support the Prohibition party; and some have gone so far as to deny that we are in favor of pro-hibition at all because we do not co-operate in all things with those who have taken that name. We wish now to state our position so plainly that none can fail to understand it. There are two reasons why we cannot and do not support the Prohibition party, though we ad-vocate prohibition. The first of these reasons is, the Signs of the 'Times is not a political nor a party paper. We advocate only principles; the support of men and measures we, from the very nature of the case, leave to papers published for that purpose. In this we do not differ materially from the majority of religious papers. Our second reason for not supporting the Pro-hibition party is that, whereas it advocates pro-hibition, in which we believe, it also advocates some things in which we do not believe. A single plank from the platform recently adopted by some six hundred delegates of the party assembled in convention in Pittsburg,'Pa., will serve as an il-lustration. The plank is as follows:Š " ThirdŠThe Sabbath must be preserved by the due enforcement of existing laws and the speedy enact-ment of such additional legislation as may be neces-sary to insure its due obServance." We cannot conscientiously give our support, nor even our tacit consent, to this plank.. The Sabbath is a religious institution, and its observance is an act of worship ; its legal enforcement is, therefore,  the legal enforcement of religion, and that is foreign alike to the spirit of real Christianity and to our free institutions. In all matters of religion man is responsible alone to his God, and when the State attempts to interfere in any way in such matters it usurps the place and prerogatives of God., The tendency of Sunday laws is to destroy that sense of personal responsibility to God which is the basis of all true religion, and in the very nature of the case, under them, men learn to look not to God to know their duty toward him, but to the State. Again, Sabbath laws are unjust. All do not regard the same day as sacred, nor do all agree upon the degree of sacredness which attaches to any particular day. It is manifestly unjust to compel the man who has kept Saturday, as many do, to keep Sunday also. To say the very least, the fourth commandment gives permission to all to labor six days, and certainly the man who has observed the seventh day according to the plain letter of that commandment has a divine right to work on the other six days; and not only so but he has a right to do any sort of work, or to follow any sort of business, which it would be right and proper for a Christian to do or follow upon any other day, always remembering the golden rule, to do as he would be done by. We should always be considerate of the rights and feelings of others, but this is just as obligatory upon one as upon another. But obedience-to the golden rule would defeat all Sunday laws, unless it might be useless pro-vision requiring those to rest upon that day who want to do so. Certainly it is not doing to others as we would have them do to us, to require them to observe religious institutions in which they have no faith. If Christians, because they happen to be in the majority, have a right to require un-believers to act one day in the week as though they believed, it follows that were the majority on the other side the unbelievers would have the right to require Christians to act, at least occa-sionally, as though they were infidels. But God has never given any such authority to anybody. The words of our Saviour, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's," have for-ever separated civil and religious duties and left the State without the vestige of an excuse for in-terfering in matters of religion. The Sunday law of Pennsylvania is particularly objectionable because that under it conscientious Christian men have been, and may still be, fined and imprisoned for doing ordinary labor on the first day of the week after having religiously kept the seventh day. But the Prohibition party in that State not only favors the strict enforcement of that law, but demands the passage of still more stringent laws. Such a demand is neither Chris-tian nor patriotic, and we certainly cannot join in it nor give it our sanction in any way. But even if the law did exempt from its provisions those who observe the day specified in the fourth com-mandment, we could not indorse it nor assent that it was right. It is a question which the State has no right to touch, nor can it do so with-out establishing a precedent most dangerous to re-ligious liberty and to freedom of conscience. We have no quarrel with the Prohibition party so long as it confines itself to its legitimate work, and we stand aloof from that party, not that we love prohibition less, but that we love God and freedom to worship him according to the dictates of our own consciences more. Papal Protestantism. THE question of the Bible in the public schools has lately caused considerable discussion in De-troit. One preacher of that city, Rev. James M. Henderson, says on the subject:Š " I am in favor of introducing the Bible into the pub-lic schools. The Bible, as the standard of Protestant religion, should be retained, and Catholics whose children attend our public schools should accept our Protestant Bible. I do not believe that any Catholic is ever willing to have as the basis of the religious training of his children the Protestant Bible, but the Catholic children usually attend Catholic schools. Parents of children who do attend our public schools should accept our Protestant Bible without sectarian comment." This shows the real purpose of the effort being made all over the land, and even in the religious attack made upon the national Constitution. It is simply to have the State establish the Protest-ant religion and enforce upon everybody the dictates of the Protestant church rulers. Another preacher, Rev. Joseph W. Blanchard, sets forth the same doctrine in these words:Š "The public school should suit the majority, as this is a country where majorities rule. The majority of the people of this country are Christians, therefore the majority should rule. There ought to be Chris-tian teaching in the public schools. The Bible should be read without note or comment, and the simple fundamental principles of Christianity taught." It is true that he usesŁ only the terms Christian and Christianity to describe the religious teach-ing which they propose to force upon others; but he means only Protestant Christian teaching and Protestant Christianity. But it might not prove so in the end. Protestants might be in the mi-nority in a little while, then it is probable that the Roman Catholics would be in the majorityŠit is so already in about a dozen of the StatesŠand if the Catholic majority should force the reading of the Catholic Bible and Catholic instruction upon all the rest of the people at the public ex-pense, that would probably put another face upon' the matter. If some way could be invented by which these particular individuals could be com- pelled' to take some of their own medicine ad-ministered by Roman Catholics, it would be an excellent thing. It might be possible in that way to reach their reason. Rev. F. Grenell sees the matter in a much better light, and says:Š " Right is not decided by majorities, even though the majority be right." Yet how fast this wicked principle of majority rule in matters of religion and the conscience, is growing. But this question " is not a question of majorities or minorities, for if the conscience of the majority is to be the standard, then there is no such thing as right of conscience at all. It is against the predominance and power of majori-ties that the rights of conscience are protected, and have need to be." And those who call them-selves Protestants are not the only people in the world who have a conscience. A. T. J. God Has Drawn the Line. SECRETARIES GAULT and GRAY, of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, do not believe that as a politi-cal maxim, governments deriVe their just powers from the consent of the governed." This statement is quoted and indorsed by the Christian Statesman, official organ of the National Reform Association. We may ask, From whom do these gentlemen be-lieve that these powers are derived ? They an-swer, "From God:" Very Well; then they must be believers in the divine right of kings and rulers, 