228 THE AIVIERIC.AN SENTINEL. they have but one concern, yet having different understandings, will unavoidably sometimes have different wills too ; it there-fore being necessary that the last determi- nation, e. the rule, should be placed somewhere; it naturally falls to the man's share, as the abler and stronger. But this reaching but to the things of their common interest and property, leaves the wife in full and free posession of what by contract [or by nature] is her peculiar right, and gives the husband no more power over her life than she has over his." Again, on this very point, Mr. Locke remarks, that the power of the husband over the wife is so far from being absolute that she " has in many cases a liberty to separate from him; where natural right or their contract allows it." We do not understand by this that Mr. Locke denies that marriage is a divine institution, but that he asserts that it is entered into by agreement, and that the just powers of the husband are derived from the consent of the wife, which consent, together with compliance with whatever forms may be required 'by civil society, constitutes her his wife, and that the wife is under obligation to the husband only in that which natural right or their con-tract allows. The same he shows is true in civil society. He says : " Men being by nature all free, equal, and independent, no one can be put out of this estate and subjected to the political power of another without his own consent. The only way whereby any one divests himself of his natural liberty, and puts on the bonds of civil society, is by agreeing with other men to join and unite into a community for their comfortable, safe, and peaceable living one with another, in a secure enjoyment of their properties." But that men will and must do this is made certain by the very fact that they are created social beings with equal rights; it follows, therefore, that in creating them thus and associating them together, God ordained that they should thus organize, therefore "the powers that be," the civil powers, " are ordained of God." This view of the matter preserves the perfect harmony which exists between the teaching of the Scriptures on one hand, and the nature of man and the facts of history on the other; while the National Reform theory arrays the Bible against facts as we know them to exist, and makes the Creator responsible for a great deal of very bad and tyrannical government. C. P. B. SOME one may ask me: "If not for the good of the children, nor for the sake of religion, but for her own safety, should not the State teach religion ? " Men and women of every possible shade of belief, and, of every possible shade of non-belief down to zero of belief, make the State, and :support the State, therefore the State can haye no religion nor can she support any. If the State has no religion then how can she teach it ?ŠRev. T. D. Peake. Sunday-Law Tactics. Tim Oakland Morning Times, one of the best and cleanest dailies published in California, has this to say about the Sun-day-law contest in that State At a recent ministers' meeting in San Diego, Rev. Dr. Thompson, a representa-tive of the American Sabbath Union in this State, outlined the proposed Sunday-law campaign this fall as follows : " First, labor to secure recognition by one or both of the great political parties by Sunday-law planks in their platforms ; and, sec-ond, in case of failure to effect the point in this way, work upon the individual candidates for the Legislature. Interview the candidate of one party, and, if possi-ble, procure his private pledge to support a Sunday law. Say, ' your party is not committed either way; you are at perfect liberty to do as you please; your position need not be known during the campaign. Just privately pledge yourself to us, and we will throw our weight in the balance in your favor." In this campaign, he added, the church people must be united and agree to vote for the candidates who would give this pledge. If one candidate would not give it then go to another. The State is under great obligation to Dr. Thompson for thus showing the hand of the Sunday-law tacticians. "Fore-warned is forearmed." Candidates of a character to secretly barter principles for votes must be avoided. Neither of the great parties, we may presume, will be induced to adopt a Sunday - law plank. The Democratic party has a record on this point to maintain, and it will doubt-less prove true to it. The Republican party has had an experience with Sunday-law planks which it will probably not be in a hurry to duplicate. So the second or secret plan of operations, with individual candidates, will be fallen back upon, without doubt. But let purchasable can-didates, if such there should beŠand some such there are sure to beŠremember that though their purchasers may contract to give them the solid church vote for a Sunday law, they never will be able, to " deliver the goods." We have too high an opinion of many of our church People to believe for a moment that they will be a party to any such underhanded transactions, or allow their suffrages to be bartered in this secret way. Some will; but, unless we are greatly mistaken, not the majority, or even those who would be glad to have a Sunday law, if Ł it could be so obtained squarely, and be so sustained by public opinion as to prove effective. But they very well know that if it be not so obtained and supported it would be, if enacted, a dead-letter law, and so, worse than none. They observe the day religiously them-selves and would like to see others ob-serve it religiously. At the same time,  they are sensible that it is as difficult to enforce devotion as to command affection. They have seen also the unjust and oppressive manner in which the observ-ance of Sunday is being enforced in other States, and they have too much of the Christian spirit, of doing to others as you would be done by, to desire to see similar wrongs made possible here. And more than all, they are of too open, frank, and honest a nature to be willing to give even a tacit consent to anything which savors of concealment and bribery. On the whole, then, we have little fear of the success of these secret Sunday-law tactics. We now predict their complete and ignominious failure. How It Looks From Australia. " THE Bible Echo, a religious paper pub-lished in Melbourne, Australia, has this to say about the efforts now making to secure religious legislation in this country, and also of a similar movement in the Australian Colonies :Š The Constitution of the United States guarantees to all its citizens freedom in matters pertaining to the conscience; and declares that. Congress shall make no laws for the establishment of religion, or re-stricting the free exercise thereof. And in laying the foundation of the Govern-ment, by special effort all allusions to matters of religious belief were omitted. The law undertook only to control in matters which were purely civil and na-tional, not in those which were ecclesias-tical or religious. But of late years there has been on the part of many religionists a feeling of dis-content at this state of things, and a movement has been inaugurated to obtain an amendment to the Constitution such as will permit the enactment of certain laws concerning Scriptural education, Sunday observance, etc. This movement is opposed by a large class of citizens, and the contest waxes warm. A similar contest is probably before the people of these Colonies, as demands for stricter Sunday laws and for Script-ural education in the public schools are already being actively urged. We stand on the side of good law and order. We believe in the sanctity of the Sabbath day and in the importance of the religious training of children ; but we are wholly opposed to the State becoming an agent for enforcing and prescribing either. Parents are responsible to God rather than to the law for the religious influences which are exerted over their children. The sacred duties which we owe to God should be taught by faithful fathers and mothers, rather than perhaps ungodly and infidel teachers in the humdrum mechan-ical method of the schoolroom, where they will soon become degraded and com-monplace. If perchance a parent does 