"As for Saul, he made havoc of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison. Therefore they that were scattered abroad went everywhere preaching the word." Acts 8: 3, 4 "And when they found them not, they drew Jason and cer-tain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also ; whom Jason hath re-ceived: and these all do con-trary to the decrees of Cesar, " Acts 17 : 6, 7. "Here is the patience of the saints : here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14 : 12. "And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. " Rev. 12 :17, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20 : 8, 9. "If thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments." Matt. 19:17. " Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil," Ex, 23: 2, " Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5 : 29. WEAKLEY COUNTY has at last got 'em. The Seventh-day Adventists are upon us. A " mar-tyr" is in jail for Christ's sake, and the faithful are beginning to flock here and dis-tribute their literature and look humble and persecuted. Yes, Weakley County escaped for a long time ; but these persistent cranks at last succeeded in raising the wind, and we are destined to have a taste of what has plagued several neighboring counties for years. The great distinguish-ing doctrine of the Seventh-day Adventists is, that all Christen-dom and all civilization are entirely " off " in their selection of Sun-day as the Sabbath and the day of rest. This sect has discov-ered a sort of Baconian cipher in the Bible that says Saturday is the day. With this won-derful scoop of views in their possession, the Adventists have set about to correct an err-ing world, The concensus of uni-versal opinion might have settled upon Wednesday as the day of rest, and it would have been satisfactory to everybody but a crank. The Adventists have gained a great victory at last in Weakley County. They are un-tiring proselyters and as unremitting in their efforts to " convert " "Preach the word; be in-stant in season, out of season reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine : for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine," 2 Tim. 4: 2, 3, VOL. 0, No. 35. 274 head, the life which is by faith, so that its " faith was spoken of throughout the whole world." Rom. 1: 8. But, there came " a falling away." 2 Thess. 2: 3. The bishops and councils of the church put away Christ, the true head whom God had set, and put another, a man, in his place, as head of that church. The put-ting away of Christ, its living head, left it only a lifeless body; and the putting of another head in his place did not, and could not, give life to that lifeless body. So far as spiritual life is concernedŠthe real life of the Church of ChristŠthe church of Rome is as destitute of it as is a human body with its own head cut off and another head put on in its place. Thus the church of Rome is destitute of the life that vivifies the Church of Christ, and partakes only of the elements of death. The only hope for it, or for those that are connected 'with it, is to recognize that it is indeed spiritually dead, and have Christ the life-giver raise them from the dead, and connect them with himself as their living head, that thus they may live in-deed. WARNING was given against this very course of that church in the first days of the Church of Christ, and the same warn-ing is yet given. In the second chapter of Colossians it is written : " Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ. For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power. . . . Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshiping of angels, intruding into those things which he bath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind; and not holding the head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the increase of God. Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances after the doctrines and commandments of men ? Which things indeed have a show of wisdom in will-worship, and humility, and neglect-ing [punishing, margin] of the body; not in any honor to the satisfying of the flesh." ŠVerses 7-10, 18-23. This is the divine warning against the spirit that made the papacy, against the papacy itself, against all its workings, and against its very nature. Men, fleshly-minded men, ambi-tious men, in the church, not being dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, holding the rudiments of the world and not holding the headŠthese were the men who put away from the people Christ the true and living head, and put a man, one of their own sort, in his place. And to supply the lack of Him and his life they imposed upon the people a host of forms and ordinances, and commandments and doctrines of men, and voluntary humili-ties, and will-worshiping, and punishings of the body in penances and pilgrimages, and worshiping of angels, and saints, and dead people called saints. And this is the body of which " Leo XIII., Pope," is the head. This is the church orRome, with a man as its head, in the place of Christ. This is the Catholic Church. And this is how the bishop of Rome obtained his "regency of God on earth." THERE is another figure used in the  Scriptures that forcibly illustrates the ab-surdity and iniquity of the claim of the church of Rome in this matter of the headship of the church. It is the rela-tionship that exists between husband and wife in the marriage bond. In the fifth chapter of Ephesians, in speaking "con-cerning Christ and the Church," it is done under the figure of the marriage relation, with Christ in the place of the husband, and the church in the place of the wife. And the Word says, " The husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the Saviour of the body. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. . . . This is a great mystery : but I speak con-cerning Christ and the church."ŠVerses 23, 24, 32. The relationship of the church to Christ is thus plainly shown to be the same as that of the wife to her own hus-band. As the husband himself, and not another man, is the head of the wife; so Christ himself, and not another, is head of the church. Now, suppose another man should pro-pose to put himself in between a husband and his wife, to speak to her the senti-ments of her husband in faith and morals (?), what would the loyal wife do ?ŠEverybody knows that she would resent such an intrusion, and would promptly repudiate all such proffers. But, suppose another man should not only propose to put himself in the place of the husband to the wife, but that the wife should agree to the proposal and actually accept this other man in the place of her husband to speak to her the sentiments of her hus-band in faith and morals, then what is that but treason to her own husband, apostasy from her marriage vows, and adultery with this other man ? And what kind of faith and morAls have you in that case ?ŠEverybody knows that that would be nothing but unfaithfulness and immo-rality. Now, upon her own showing, upon ner own claim, this is precisely the case of the Catholic Church. She claims to be "the bride of Christ." She claims that she is " the spouse of Christ." And yet she has accepted another, a man, as the " repre-sentative " of her husband, as the " sub-stitute" for her husband, to occupy the place of her husband in his absence, to speak to her "his sentiments in faith and morals." She not only has accepted an-other in the place of her husband, but she openly boasts of it and actually proclaims it as the chiefest evidence of her faithful-ness, her morality, and her purity. How could the unfaithfulness, the apostasy, the immorality, and the impurity, of that church be more plainly shown than in this which is her boast ? How could the complete abandon, and the essential wantonness, of a wife, be more clearly demonstrated than in citing the confirmed fact of another man's occupying the place of her husband to her, as evidence of her faithfulness and purity ? Would not such a boast, and for such a purpose, be the strongest possible evidence that that woman's native mod-esty and moral sense had become abso-lutely deadened ? Yet this is precisely the case of the Catholic Church. She has accepted another to occupy the place of her husband to her. She constantly boasts before the world that this fact is evidence  of her faithfulness, her morality, and her purity; and insists that all the world shall. fall in with her in this course, in order' that they may all be faithful and morale  and pure How could she more clearly demonstrate that all true sense of faith-fulness, of morality, and of purity, has,  become completely obliterated from her consciousness ? That a confirmed adul-teress and harlot should boast of her in-iquity as being the only way to righteous-ness, is certainly nothing else than the,  very mystery of iniquity itself, And such is the church of Rome. Sum is the merit, all that it has, of the claim that the Catholic Church is the true church; and that the bishop of Rome, the head of that church, is the head of the Church of Christ and " holds the regency of God on earth." Consonant and Dissonant. THE editor of the Enterprise of Dresden, Tenn., the city where Mr. Capps, a Sev-enth-day Adventist is serving a sentence of nine months in jail for doing common labor on Sunday, published Aug. 3, his opinion of the case which we print below. Our apology for publishing the matter is to call attention to the character of Mr. Capp's persecutors and to furnish an op-portunity for introducing other and better opinions, which we do in the right-hand column. 