Ł THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 11 The history of Genesis is very brief, gener-ally speaking more of the better class of men than of the worst. Generations of wicked people are passed over without mention. But Abraham occupies a large place in the history, and polygamists are wont to point with great satisfaction to his unfortunate departure from the original rule of marriage. But the circum-stances are anything but helpful to their cause. God had promised that Abraham and his seed should inherit the land. Abraham was child-less, yet he believed the promise of God. Sa-rah had not the faith of Abraham, and fearing that the promise of God would fail, resorted to an expedient to effect its fulfillment! Abraham complaisantly listened to his wife, and took her Egyptian serving maid, by whom he bad a son. Bat the Lord did not sanction the expedient; he refused to accept the son of the Egyptian maid as the heir of the promise, though Abra-ham earnestly besought him to do so. He re-fused to make him joint-heir with Sarah's son. And this abuse of the marriage relation by Abraham was the cause of long-continued trouble in his family. Hagar became scornful and disobedient to her mistress, and Sarah could not endure her conduct. Too late she confessed her wrong. See Gen. 16 : 5. Ishmael was "a wild man." His descendants have been a wild, roving, predatory race. Their hands have been against every man; they have been lawless from the beginning even unto this day. Isaac was a godly man, having but one wife. And we have reason to believe that Jacob would have been a monogamist, had it not been for the wicked and cruel deception practiced upon him by his heathen father-in-law. The taking of Leah was not a matter of choice with him; but when he found that she had been imposed upon him, he submitted to the deception, and to the suggestion of Laban, and took Rachel also. Now, we ask, where is the evidence that po-lygamy was an ordinance of God, a religious duty? Nothing of the kind can be found. The thought is shocking to every one who has studied the subject in its relations. That God permitted certain things without approving them is beyond denial. Paul said: " The times of this ignorance God suffered; but now corn-mandeth all men everywhere to repent." Acts 17 : 30. When the Pharisees questioned Jesus on the subject of divorce, he said: "Moses be-cause of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives; but from the be-ginning it was not so." He removed the glosses which a hard-hearted people had thrown over the marriage institution, and gave his sanction to the arrangement which existed "from the beginning." And how was it in the beginning? God "made them mate and fe-male "Šnot male and felnales. He made a woman and gave her to Adam for a wife, not women for his wives. Jesus said: " For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and cleave unto his wife [not unto his wives], and they two shall be one flesh," not they three nor they five. If polygamy were the proper marriage rela-tion, pleasing to God, why is it that it was not instituted in " the beginning "? Why was not something said saTnawhere that it was pleasing  to God? Why was it not commanded? Why was it that the first man to practice polygamy was a self-convicted murderer? And Why did not Jesus give some place for it in his comments on the marriage law, instead of using language which positively forbids it ? It is admitted that many otherwise godly people offended in this respect, and Christ explained why it was per-mitted; but he corrected all false views of mar-riage, and restored it to its original relation-ship, of one man and one woman, or one wife. A union of twoŠnot a union of many. If it were proved to be an ordinance of God Šif it were founded upon a commandment of GodŠwe should deny the authority of the Government, and of any power on earth, to punish those who practice it. But it is a mat-ter of choice, not a matter of religious obliga-tion. It is an immorality, being contrary to the original marriage institution and law. It is an offense against society. It is a proper subject of Governmental action, and we ear-nestly hope that the Government will suppress it. But why should the structure of our Gov-ernment be changed to suppress this more than any other crime? It should not. The demand for the change is based on the false reasoning of the " National Reform Association." True reasoning does not admit the demand. J. H. W. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience. THE avowed purpose of the National Reform Party is to secure an Amendment to the Consti- tution of the United States, by which every man will be compelled to acknowledge that God is Sovereign, that Christ is Ruler, and that the Bible is the supreme law. Whether a man believes it or not, is no difference, he must be compelled to acknowledge it because they profess to believe it. The Christian Statesman of Oct. 2, 1884, says:Š "Give all men to understand that this is a Christian nation; and that, believing that with-out Christianity we perish, we must maintain by all right means our Christian character. Inscribe this character on our Constitution. . . . Enforce upon all that come among us the laws of Christian morality." "Enforce," according to Webster, is "to force; to constrain; to compel; to execute with vigor." Therefore the proposition of these National Reformers is to force, to compel, all to keep the laws of Christian morality. To exe- cute with vigor upon all, the laws of Christian morality. And what is to be the penalty for dissent? Well, they pretend to be so kind that they will not whip anybody for it; they pretend to be so liberal that they will not impose a fine upon any one for it; they pretend to be so merciful that they will not imprison any one for it; but they are neither so kind, so liberal, nor so mer-ciful but that they will disfranchise every one who will not acknowledge, and submit to, the provisions which they choose to embody in their Religious Amendment to the Constitution. Thus, for a religious opinion, however con- scientiously held, which may disagree with theirs, they deliberately propose to deprive men of their birthright to the most inestimable right of earth,Šthat for which thousands upon  thousands have laid down their lives; that for which our fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor,Šthe right t.,4 be a citizen amongst a free people, and in the instance a citizen of the best Government or the earth. Every honor to which he might otherwise aspire, every right to which he might otherwise be entitled, must be swept away at one stroke because, forsooth, he chooses to claim the right to worship God according to the dic- tates of his own conscience. That this is no fancy picture that we have drawn, that it is no fable that we have devised, in regard to what that party proposes to do, we have abundant proof; and that in their own words. Mr. W. J. Coleman is one of the principal exponents of the National Reform religion. In the Christian Statesman of Nov. 1, 1883, Mr. Coleman replied to some questions that had been put by a correspondent who signed himself " Truth Seeker." We copy the follow-ing:Š " What effect would the adoption of the Christian Amendment, together with the pro-posed changes in the Constitution, have upon those who n deny that God is the Sovereign, Christ the Ruler, and the Bible the law? This brings up the conscience question at once. . . The classes who would object are, as Truth Seeker' has said, Jews, infidels, atheists, and others. These classes are perfectly satisfied with the Constitution as it is. How would they stand toward it, if it recognized the au-thority of our Lord Jesus Christ? To be per-fectly plain, I believe ,that the existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." There we have in plain words what they propose to do with dissenters under their "Christian Constitution." But let us look into this a little further. Notice, it is only the log-ically consistent dissenter that will be disfran-chised. By the same token, then, the illogic- ally inconsistent can all bo citizens. That is, the man of honest intention, of firm convic-tion, and of real principle, who values his prin- ciples more than he does political preference, he must be disfranchised; while the time-servers, the political hacks, the men of no convictions and of no principle, they can all be acceptable citizens. In other words', the honest man, if he be a dissenter, cannot be a citizen; but every hypocrite can be a citizen. Therefore the inev-itable logic of the National Reform position is to put a premium upon hypocrisy. And such will be the value of citizenship under their so- called Christian Constitution. Such a result from such proceedings is not new. The Puritan Parliament " solemnly re-solved that no person shall be employed but such as the House shall be satisfied of his real godliness." And as the natural consequence, the realm was filled with hypocritical piety. Thus much merely in passing, as it is not so much our purpose in this article to notice the logic of their position, as it is to show their avowed purpose of outraging every principle of the rights of conscience. Mr. Coleman is not alone in thus defining the status of dissent-ers; In the Statesman of February 21, 1884, Mr. J. C. K. Milligan, in writing upon the same subject, expressed himself thus:Š The worst result will be to disfranchise them." But this is not the worst result which they 