THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 173 force can be transmitted only by the ten-der cords of sympathy and love ? Does not all experience prove that the State is incompetent to force men to love and be-lieve, by means of policemen, courts, and armies ? Physical force is available to control action only. The attempt, through phys-ical force, to make men love one another, is to make them hate and despise one an-other. Let the fashionable churches come down to the level of the working people, as the early Christians did, and show their sym-pathy for the poor and lowlyŠnot so much by alms-giving and begging as by showing them what their rights are, as well ,as their errors; by teaching them that no man has the right to acquire wealth through the power of the StateŠthat the State can have no wealth to give to some without first taking it from oth-ersŠthat the man who sells his vote for money, is selling, not only `his rights, but other people's rights; by teaching con-sistent, genuine righteousness all 'round, and, everywhere, in high places and low, "in public and private relations; let all this be proclaimed as God's law, And I venture to say more sympathy will be excited, more 'minds will be awakened and more churches will be filled, than would result from printing the word God in all the law books and school books, or by chalking his name all over creation by State au- thority. * * -Washington, 1). a ŁŁUnmerciful Mercy. AT the Protestant Episcopal House of Mercy, in this city, there is held against her wish, and the wish of her parents, a Jewish girl sixteen years old. Two years ago at her home she acted very unruly, was disobedient to her parents, and quar-relsome with her brothers and sisters, and the parents asked the police justice to commit her to a reformatory, that she might be subjected to stricter discipline than they were able to bring to bear, until she should learn better how to be-have herself. The police judge sent her to this Protestant Episcopal House of Mercy, as there is no Hebrew reformatory in this city. Now the parents desire that she shall be released. They tried to se-cure her release upon a writ of habeas corpus, but it was refused because it seems that by somebody's influence other than that of the parents, she had been regularly committed to that institution until she is twenty-one years of age. The parents have earnestly besought this in-stitution of " Mercy " to let them have their' child, but the institution still holds her, and, it seems, proposes to hold her in spite of all that the parents may wish. If such a thing as this were done by the Roman. Catholics, what a universal howl of execration would go up from Protestant  throats ! But, as it is, we have not seen mention made of this in a single paper outside of the one that made the announce-ment. We can hardly help wondering whether the managers of this institution ever heard of Christ, or of Christianity. It is certain that the name of the institu-tion should be changed; for such proceed-ing is anything but merciful. Such action is a libel upon both the name and the Author of mercy. Ł 4  Ł  Make a Note of This. Ix endeavoring to show that the en-forcement of rigid Sunday laws is not inconsistent with the liberties of the Jews, Mr. Crafts, in his " Sabbath for Man," page 258, says :Š It is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day. He can close his shop; he can refuse to work. Herein lies a principle. As long as a man has the privilege of closing his shop and refusing to work, he is free to observe a day. Question: What man has not this privilege ? Certainly all men have it, the Christian as well as the Jew. Then what Sunday-keeper is not absolutely free to observe Sunday? They all are. What consistency, then, can there be in Mr. Crafts and his party pleading for a law to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday," as they did in Wash-ington last February, at the hearing of the House Committee on the Breckinridge Sunday Bill ? In closing his shop, the Jew of course will lose trade, and in refusing to work, perhaps lose a job;, yet, says Mr. Crafts, he is left " absolutely free to observe the seventh day." The Sunday-keeper can do the same and be left just as free to observe the first day. Let us not forget to empha-size this. Law in one case is as unnec-essary as in the other.Š W. A. Colcord, in Review and Herald. Not a Christian Law. THE Christian Statesman refers to the illegal divorces granted to Hebrews in this country by Jewish Rabbis, some of whom assume the prerogative of the State in such cases, and then it says:Š These facts illustrate the necessity for maintain- ing and enforcing carefully the distinctively Chris-tian laws of the American Government. We have nothing to say against the bet-ter enforcement of the laws in such cases, or against the necessity for better and more uniform laws governing the subject of divorce, but we do object to having such laws styled " Christian laws." To say that they are Christian laws is to say that marriage is a Christian institution, and that the State has a right to enforce Christianity by legal enactment. The chief object of the Statesman, at the present time seems to be to make the peo-ple of this country believe that they have  already legislated upon Christianity, and that, since they have already enacted some " Christian laws," there is no reason why they should not now go on and legislate upon Christianity to any desired extent. This is their argument precisely, and it shows what must be the inevitable result if religious legislation is ever begun in this country. It shows the imperative necessity of watching every move of leg-islative bodies, that no false step shall be taken which will establish a precedent for legislation upon Christianity. We agree that laws regulating marriage are right; that is, that there should be such laws; but we deny that marriage is a Christian institution, or that in pass-ing such laws it is necessary to legislate upon the Christian religion. 1. Marriage is not a Christian institu-tion because it originated before Chris-tianity. It was instituted about four thousand years before the commencement of the Christian dispensation. In fact it was instituted before the fall of man, and consequently before man needed a Saviour and Christianity to redeem him 2. Christian institutions are for Chris-tians. If marriage were a Christian insti-tution, then none but Christians would have a right to marry. But people 'who are not Christians have as much right to marry as those who are; therefore,' mar-riage is not a Christian institution. 3. No one can be a Christian without observing all known Christian institu-tions. Hence, if marriage was a Christian institution, no one could be a Christian unless he was married. But that the Christian Statesman itself knows is not true. Therefore we say that laws which regu-late marriage are not Christian laws, but civil laws. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The One Object. AT the Garnett, Kansas, Sabbath-rest Convention, held in March, there was no-ticeable a general diversity of opinion on almost every point brought up except one. Some observed Sunday, because the fourth commandment is binding. Others ob-served it because of the resurrection of Christ and the completion of redemption on that day. Some believed it to be verily the seventh day from creation; while another had no less than a half dozen reasons for Ł changing to the first day. Some believed in keeping the Sabbath according to the most strict laws of the Puritans; while another believed in an entirely different manner of Sabbath ob-servance. Thus it was all through the Convention on all points except the one great object, Šthat of having a law to enforce the observance of the day. .All arguments were made for this one purpose. It mat-tered not though the reasons given were ' contrary the one.to the other, they would'  