‚j41 Vol,. 0, Mo. .11. God and a Saviour; there is none beside me. Look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else. Isa. 45: 22. What does he say to do in order to be saved ? "Look unto me and be ye saved." " Look" ! As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up, that whoso-ever believeth on him should not perish, but have eternal life. When Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, the word was, " Look and live." And whosoever looked was cured of the poisonous bites of the serpents. So he says to-day:Š Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth. If you are blind and cannot see, and therefore unable to look, then he comes to you and says :Š Hear, and your soul shall live. Isa. 55: 3. If you are both blind acid deaf, and can neither see nor hear, then he says :Š Speak ye unto the Rock, . . , and it shall give forth his water. And that Rock was Christ. Num. 20:8; 1 Cor. 10:4. If you are blind, and deaf, and dumb, and can neither see, nor hear, nor speak, then he says :- 0 taste and see that the Lord is good." Ps. 34:8. If you are blind, and deaf, and dumb, and have lost all sense of taste, and there is only one single faculty remaining, he says use that, and Feel after him, and find him. Acts 17: 27. Thus the God of Israel, the Lord Jesus Christ, has brought his glorious salvation, his eternal salvation, within the reach of every individual in this world who can either see, or hear, or speak, or feel. And that is all he asks of you. That is God's way of salvation. Will you accept this salvation and so be justified by the Lord, and thus by him be prepared to be glori-fied at his glorious appearing which is now so near, and of which there are so many signs ? Ł " Wiser if Sadder Men than Now." Christian Work, of July 12, has a couple of paragraphs in reference to Seventh-day observers, in which it refers to their pros-ecution at the present time in Maryland, and expresses itself thus :Š They chose to go to prison rather than to pay the fine imposed by the court, because they believed that thus they could make the most impressive protest against any legal interference with a doctrine of their faith. It is not the first time that believers in their form of Adventisin have suffered under the Sunday laws of Maryland. We believe that the convicted parties have always preferred imprisonment to the payment of a fine, and have felt proud that they could thus " give their testimony." On the other hand a discrimination should be made. Our Adventist friends are not called upon to work on Saturday, but only not to work on Sunday. Now their action in going to jail will undoubtedly direct public attention to them and to their denomination. But it is a question if they can claim any of the honors of martyrdom. In point of fact they insist upon breaking the Sunday law. If they can break it, so can others; and if they can transact business on Sunday why should not every oneŠincluding the proprietors of theaters and dance-houses ? and then what would become of our rest day ? In taking this course our Adventist friends are acting very foolishly, for it is no part of their faith that they must work on Sunday; if they *ere forced to work on Saturday that would be another matter ; - but they are not. When the decision of the Supreme Court is delivered these brethren will probably be wiser if sadder men than now. Of course Christian Work does not up-hold the propriety of " legal interference with a doctrine of faith." Presumably the—observance of Sunday is a doctrine of  faith with Christian Work, and conse-quently,Šand very properly,Šit would not tolerate for a moment any legal inter-ference with its observance of that day. But suppose Christian Work had God's Word on its side, and the commandment to which it appealed read, "The first day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God,"Šand it also read as it does now, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," where would Christian Work find six days in which to labor and two to observe as rest days ? The power of the press is great,Šbut not even the religious press is equal to the task of turning the wheels of time backward to creation week and there so remodeling that important epoch that it shall have eight days instead of seven, so men may keep the commandment,Šobserve six days as secular time, one day as sacred time, and still have an extra day, unclaimed and unnoticed by the Almighty, with which to play at their game of civil and religious shuttlecock and battledore, untrammeled by any divine behest. The week is an arbitrary division of time,Šit was established at creation by the fiat of Jehovah,Šit consists of but seven days, six are set apart for secular uses, and one hallowed for sacred observ-ance, therefore it inevitably follows that either the seventh day or the first day,ŠSabbath or Sunday,Šis divinely appointed sacred time, hallowed and set apart espe-cially as a religious memorial of creation and the Creator. It is certainly one or the other of these days, it cannot be both. If it cannot be both it necessarily follows that both cannot be religiously observed in obedience to the commandment. God hallowed but one day. God is a jealous God and will not permit with impunity the worship of a god other than himself, and the observance of another rest day, set up as the sign of a rival authority. The whole matter then resolves itself into the injunction : " Choose ye . . . whom ye will serve." To make this choice is the individual right of every man. Although it is a question of obedience to God, yet omnipotent power itself will not intervene to exercise any coercion whatever,Šif, then, God himself will not compel his rightful subjects,Šthe children of his hand,Što submission and obedience, how much less should man think to compel his fellows, over whom in this regard he has no ground of authority whatever ? Those who have suffered persecution for conscience' sake, of late, in Maryland, in Tennessee, and in Georgia, have made answer to just such strictures as these in this paragraph from Christian Work. Notice how their thought, sentiment, and expression, contrasts with that of their critics, when they say:Š If the law which now requires us to observe Sunday were a law requiring that we repudiate the worship of the Lord Jesus Christ, and fall down and worship some heathen idol, the principle at stake would be plain to all; and yet the position in which we are placed in these States, involves this very princi-ple. . . . After we have observed the "Sabbath day accord-ing to the commandment" (Luke 23: 56; 24:1), our persecutors attempt to compel us to observe the fol-lowing day, Sunday, which is another day, not the Sabbath, and which stands for a power hostile to the God whom we worship. To the suggestion that we observe both days, we reply, It is written, "No man can serve two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other; or else he will hold to the one and despise the other." Matt. 6:24. . . . Through hallowing the Sabbath, the seventh day, we manifest our allegiance to the only true God and Jesus Christ whom he has sent; and rather than com-promise this allegiance in which eternal life is in-volved, we can afford to suffer not only imprisonment  and the confiscation of goods, but the loss of even life itself. That by observing Sunday we compromise this alle glance, and acknowledge another master hostile to the one we serve, will appear from a study of the origin of Sunday observance and the power for which it now stands as the mark or sign. . . . Thus it is seen that the conflict between the Sab-bath, the seventh day of the week, and Sunday, the first day of the week, is not a conflict between days as such, but between institutions; between the " com-mandments of God" and the "commandments of men; " between the " God of heaven " and the "god of this world ; " befween the "Son of God " and the " son of perdition; " between the " mystery of God " and the " mystery of iniquity." And it will finally be settled in a decisive battle between the armies of heaven (Rev. 19: 14), and " the beast and the kings of the earth and their armies." Rev. 19:16. . . . Against those responsible for our persecution we bring no railing accusation. Against the honorable judges of the courts before whom our cases have been or may be tried, we speak no evil word. Against prosecuting attorneys and prosecuting witnesses we harbor no resentment. Against grand jurors who have found indictments, and trial-jurors who have returned the verdict " Guilty," we speak no word of condemnation; and for those professed Christians who have instigated these persecutions by making com-plaint against us, and who in most cases have been ashamed to allow their names to be known, we have only thoughts of pity. To these we say that by our labor on Sunday, we have not infringed the natural or constitutional right, civil or religious, of any man. "We have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man." 2 Cor. 7:2. And to all concerned we say with terrible earnestness, Count well the cost before taking upon yourselves the awful responsibility of attempting to force upon us, by pains and penalties, the sign of allegiance to Rome and the mark of her power. Beware, "lest haply ye be found even to fight against God." Acts 5:39. As to the civil duties which we owe to each other and to the State, we have rendered and will "render to all their dues; tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor " (Rom. 13: 7); submitting ourselves "to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake" (1 Peter 2:13); but when civil government oversteps its rightful jurisdiction, and attempts to force upon us the ordinance of the church, we, with Peter and John, Paul and Silas, Daniel and the three Hebrews, and the martyrs in all ages, answer, in the words of inspiration, " We ought to obey God, rather than men." Acts 5: 29. Will Christian Work and all those who are consenting to those persecutions accept the responsibility ? If they do, it may be that when the decision of the Supreme Court of heaven is rendered it will be they who will be " Wiser if sadder men than now." W. H. McKEE. There Are "Protestants" and Protest- ants. NOT everything that is called Protestant is such in reality. There are Protestants so-called, who are, unintentionally though it be, constantly strengthening the hands of Rome by their advocacy of popish methods in the interests of their religion. How this is, appears in the following, from the Catholic Review, of July 14:Š The Rev. Mr. Buffum, of the Third Baptist Church, Greenville, Norwich, Conn., unintentionally supplies an unanswerable argument hy there should be public Catholic schools. In a sermon preached in his church a few evenings ago before the anti-Catholic organiza-tion called the Order of United American Mechanics, he said concerning our public schools: " These are Protestant schools, for the nation is Protestant. These schools were made by the Bible and with the Bible. They suit seven out of eight of our people. Are they not good enough for the eighth man ? Will you pull out the prop from beneath this magnificent structure simply to suit a foreign taste for the Roman-esque ? Why not bring in an element the Romanist cannot contend againstŠthe Word of God ? No teacher dominated by priests should teach in any pub-lic school. Catholics should not be elected to school boards. There should be no compromise. The battle will be fought to a finish." If the present public schools are Protestant, why not then have enough public Catholic schools to educate the Catholic chil-dren ? There are Protestant teachers in our common schools, Protestant preachers as superintendents, Prot- * From a tract entitled. " Our Answer Why do Seventh-day Adventists Suffer Imprisonment Rather Than Keep Sunday," 