RICAN SENTIN `,11[ Is'ci111111111111 "IF ANY MAW REAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE Hill NOT." Jesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, MARCH 4, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 9. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. arAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. theretbre those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) "SELF-PRESERVATION is the first law of nature." But self-sacrifice is the first law of grace. In order to self-preservation, self-defense is essential. In order to self-sacrifice, self-surrender is essential. In self-defense, the only thing that can be employed is force. In self-surrender, the only thing that can be employed is love. In self-preservation, by self-defense, through the em-ployment of force, force meets force, and this means only war: In self-sacrifice, by self-surrender, through love, force is met by love, and this means only peace. Self-preservation, then, means only war : while self-sacrifice means only peace. But war means only death : Self-preservation, then, meaning only war, means only death. While self-sacri-fice, meaning only peace, means only life. Self-preservation being the first law of nature, nature then means only death. While self-sacrifice being the first law of grace, grace means only life. But death is only the wages of sin : nature, then, meaning only death, it is so only because nature means Sin. While life being only the reward of righteousness : grace meaning only life, it is so only because grace means righteousness. Sin and righteousness, nature and grace, are directly opposite and antagonistic elements. They occupy realms absolutely distinct. Nature, self-preservation, self-de-fense, force, war, and death, occupy only the realm of sin. Grace, self-sacrifice, self-surrender, love, peace, and life, occupy only the realm of righteousness. The realm of sin is the realm of Satan. The realm of  grace is the realm of God. All the power of the domain of grace is devoted to saving men from the dominion of sin. This in order, that " as sin bath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign, through righteousness, unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord." On which side do you stand in this great contro-versy ? -41.- 4 4 Is It a Christian Mission ? THE Christian Observer observes that "the work of the Rev. Gilbert Reid, in China, is distinctly to the higher classes. In that country Mr. Reid believes that the edu-cated and official classes must be reached before much can be accomplished for those beneath them." This work of Mr. Reid is professedly Christian work. It is a mission distinctly to the higher classes. It is pro-posed to bring these higher classes to Christianity; then by these bright examples of Christian grace and virtue accomplish much for " those beneath them." But we wonder what means is to be employed by Mr. Reid to do this. As his mission is professedly Chris-tian, the Bible is the only thing that can rightly be used for the work, to be done. But for the mission and the method of work here proposed he has no Bible; for the Bible is directly against it. The root idea of this mission is distinction of classes Šrespect of persons : while the Bible holds to the eternal truth, that "There is no respect of persons with God." How then can he use the Bible in the work of a mission whose root idea is against Bible principle? As this is professedly a Christian mission, it is fairly to be presumed that the faith of Christ is to be the all-important theme; but the faith of Christ plainly forbids that which is the fundamental proposition of the scheme. It is written, "My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of per-sons. . . . For if ye have respect of persons ye com-mit sin; and are convinced of the law as transgressors. How then can men be brought to Christ, by methods 