22 AmEntbAN VOL. 11, No. 3. or we must say that they have no authority to enact into a law the bill under consideration." For these reasons, briefly stated, but sufficient, we protest against the consideration of this bill; and respectfully submit to the careful consideration of your honorable body, this our remonstrance. ALLEN MOON, Pres. In view of the introduction of this bill in the House, and in the Senate of a joint reso-lution proposing a religious amendment to the national Constitution, the following pre-amble and resolutions have been presented to the proper congressional committees by the same association:Š Preamble and Resolutions passed by the Religious Lib-erty Association of the District of Columbia. WHEREAS, In obedience to the demands of many re-ligionists there was introduced into the Congress of the United States the following proposed legislation: In the House of Representatives on Dec. 6, 1895, by Hon. E. A. Morse, a bill providing for the enactment of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, and on Dec. 16, 1895, in the Senate by Senator W. P. Frye, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, for the recognition of Christianity as the common law of the land, and WHEREAS, The passage of such legislation would commit the government to a system of religion, in direct opposition to the Declaration of Independence and the provisions and guarantees of the Constitu-tion, and WHEREAS, Civil government has no right to enforce religion, and exists to protect all citizens in their right to be religious or not provided they do not violate the civil rights of others; and rights of citizenship cannot rightfully be made dependent upon whether the per-son is religious or not, therefore, Resolved, That the Religious Liberty Association of the District of Columbia do hereby earnestly protest against the consideration by Congress of any matter affecting the religious rights of the people, and appeal to the makers of the civil law to enact no legislation contrary to the provision of the Constitution which declares *hat " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and Resolved, That copies of this preamble and resolu-tions be transmitted to Congress and the Commission-ers of the District of Columbia. ALLEN MooN, Pres. G. C. EMERY, Sec. The Seventh-day Baptists, also, have pre-pared the following petition, and are for-warding the same, with signatures, to the committee having charge of the bill for the District of Columbia:Š To the Hon. J. W. Babcock, chairman, and to his associates, members of the Committee on the District of Columbia, to whom House Bill No. -- entitled, " A bill to protect the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest and worship in the District of Columbia," has been referred:Š Gentlemen: We, the undersigned, citizens of the United States, and voters, do hereby respectfully and earnestly petition and pray that the bill named above be " adversely reported" by your honorable body, and for the following reasons :- 1. The National Constitution debars Congress from legislating on religious questions, as proposed in the bill,mider consideration, e. g., the expressed reason for prohibiting labor, business, etc., on Sunday is purely religious, viz., that it is " the Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accordance with divine appointment as a day of rest and worship," etc. The exceptions named as " works of necessity and mercy" originate from the ancient Jewish law of the Sab-bath. Thus it is proposed to determine by statute and court what is proper to do or not to do on "a day of rest and worship," made such "by divine appointment." 2. This bill proposes " class legislation " on purely religious grounds, in that certain persons are ex- empted, providing they " religiously observe Satur-day." In case of trial, the courts must decide in what the "religious observance of Saturday" consists, and upon what grounds it rests. 3. Such a law would do grave injustice to a large number of citizens who deem all days of equal reli-gious sacredness, and also to those who do not deem it a religious duty to observe either the seventh or the first day of the week as a " day of rest and wor-ship." Your petitioners also plead that the provisions of this bill are opposed to religious liberty in general, and to that freedom of thought and action in matters religious which the Constitution guarantees to all cit-izens, and that its enactment into law would open the way for endless unjust, unchristian and un-American interference in religious faith and practice on the part of Congress. For these and many other reasons your petitioners pray that this bill be " adversely reported." We are, of course, heartily in sympathy with this petition, and with the protest and preamble and resolutions here given. Let all lovers of liberty unite in opposition to these dangerous measures now claiming the support of this Government. SUNDAY " LAWS" IN TRINIDAD, W. I. BY E. W. WEBSTER. Tins colony has had a Sunday law for some time, but it is not severe enough to suit some of the leading churchmen. It permits busi-ness places to be open until 9 o'clock Sunday mornings, so that the poor people who have no way of preserving their provisions over night in this hot climate may have opportu-nity to get what little they are able Sunday morning. And some of them are so poor that they could not get food one day ahead, so the law as it is accommodates-them some-what. But this is offensive to some who have keener senses of the way in which the day should be kept, and in 1893 they made an effort to " better " the law; but they were not success-f al,Šall honor to the governor for it. The leading ministers of Port-of-Spain assembled and drafted a bill, and induced one of the members to introduce it into the Colonial Council on the 4th of Nov., 1895. It was accepted to be finally acted upon at the next meeting of the Council. Immediately on hearing of it I sent the fol-lowing protest to the governor, and about the same thing to, three other members of the Council:Š Couva, Trinidad, Nov. 6, 1895. SIR F. N, BROOME, St, Anus, Port-of-Spain, Trinidad. Your Excellency, Governor of Trinidad and Tobago: I see by theŁ Port-of Spain Gazette of yesterday that an ordinance was introduced into the Council meeting on the 4th, by Mr. Alcazer, entitled; "Sunday Trad-ing Ordinance." I have not seen a draft of the bill, but its title indicates that it is likely to be one that will interfere in no small degree with the rights of the people. I beg not to be thought intrusive, nor to hint that your excellency is not fully able to decide such questions in the best interests of your subjects. On the contrary, your decision on a similar question in 1893 fully proves your excellent wisdom, and gives me the more boldness to address you on this issue. I take the liberty to send you a. small publication of the International Religious Liberty Association, of which I have the honor of being the colonial agent for Trinidad,Š".The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parliament,"Šwhich I earnestly hope your excellency will have the time and disposition to peruse carefully, and which I ,hope will be not only interesting but profitable to you. Please allow me also to call your, mind to a few  thoughts which, however,, your highness may have en-tertained before:- 1. This bill is introduced through the instigation of a few of the high ecclesiastics, who, for the pur-pose of gaining their own ends, of augmenting their own power, pretend to have a great interest in the welfare of the people at large. These men have money enough to purchase their Sunday's provision the previous day, also the ice and ice-chests with which to preserve it; is it then a small matter to deprive these hundreds of poor people, who must buy on Sun-day or go hungry, the privilege of purchasing enough to give them a little comfort? This course is a sure way to make the people hate the clay and the govern-ment. If the tables were turned what a protest would arise! 2. It is ostensibly to gain a better observance of the " sabbath." But can a law enforcing idleness se-cure sabbath-keeping ? Will the mass of the people who will thus be compelled to abstain from business on one day, have any better idea of sabbath-keeping ? Can spirituality be enforced by civil enactments? If a better observance of the Sunday is what is wanted, why do not these men spend some of their energies in teaching the people what true Sabbath keeping is, and get them to observe it from love to God, and not from, fear of the civil law? It seems to me, your excellency, as though it was for patronage. Keep the people from secular business on Sunday and they may be more apt to attend religious services. Or, on the part of some of the merchants, they would like to keep the Sunday, but are afraid that if they do and others do not, their business will suffer one day's trade, while their neighbor has that much the advantage of them. In other words, they would like to keep Sunday, but have not enough faith in God to do so if their trade is in danger of suffering a little; so they must make other merchants keep the day too, so they may keep it! The idea that we must compel all others to keep Sunday that we may do so, can be answered in one sentence: We cannot be Christians unless all others are too, so we must make a law to compel them to be Christians that we may enjoy that coveted privilege! I speak not against Christianity, but for it. It is higher than this. 3. It is a religious question, one upon which civil government has no authority from God to act. Where has God ever conferred upon any earthly government the right to make laws for him in things solely spir-itual, as this is? Where has he ever commissioned his representatives on earth to make such demands upon any government? To do so is a usurpation by them of undelegated powers; as it would be also on the part of the government to accede to their demands in such matters. It is true that there are some who honestly wish to do something to bring about a better state of things in this matter; but are they not sadly mistaken to think that compliance with such laws is Sabbath-keeping ? or even to think that it prepares the way and leads to it? It lowers the standard of religion, as it gives the people the idea that that is Sabbath-keeping, which is not. 4. It will work an evil to the government and prove a curse to the church. The courts would soon have their bands full of criminal cases for spiritual offenses. The subjects would be no better off with it, for they will feel that an unnecessary and unjust re-straint is placed upon them, and would stealthily strive to avoid it; and thus they would be learning disobedience, and to resist just authority. It would be to teach them hypocrisy and incivility, and per-haps insubordination, 5. There are Jews and also Christians in this island who religiously observe the seventh day, and feel bound by the same command to work six days. Ex. 20:8-11. It would work great hardships to such were this ordinance passed. It would either deprive them of one-sixth of their time and cause them to violate their consciences (thus making them bad citizens), or, if they were too true to God to disobey him, would bring upon them fierce persecution by those who would be incensed against them enough to enforce the law or enter complaint; for they would have to obey God rather than man; or, losing heart, they would soon become the most irreligions and uncivil and dan-gerous persons on the island.' And cant your excel-lency tell who would sooner enforce the law than those who could find no better arguments to, answer the 