526 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Characteristic of the Age. THE lust of gold which is so characteristic of the pres-ent age, and the lengths to which people are led by it in the pathways of delusion, have been curiously illustrated of late by an "enterprise," the incidents and develop-ments of which have furnished material for sensational reports in the daily press. We refer to the project set on foot in a seaside town of Maine, based upon the claim that fortunes in gold could be extracted from the sea. The idea was a natural successor to the delusion of the ancient alchemists, that gold could be produced by chem-ical process from some cheap metal like lead or tin. The cheapest thing about the whole undertaking was the idea upon which it was based. Doubtless there was never a time before when the rainbow of sudden and easy fortune was chased by eager multitudes as it is to day. In itself this is a convincing proof of the mental and moral degeneracy of the age. We copy from the Scientific American the following account of the gold-making enterprise referred to:Š "We have now to relate the most extraordinary story connected with the production of gold, which should be a warning to all who do not see in such affairs the spe-cious combination of science and the wily swindler. We refer to the Electrolytic Marine Salts Company, which has recently attempted to extract gold from the sea, though the resulting gold in reality came from the pock-ets of the shareholders. The sensational debacle of the principal promoters of the company has produced con-siderable comment. "In 1872 Sonstadt discovered the minute presence of gold in sea water, and this was confirmed by Professor Liversidge, of the University of Sydney, who found that in the sea water of New South Wales there was from one half to one grain of gold to one ton of sea water, or 130 to 260 tons per cubic mile. Professor Liversidge esti-mated the bulk of the oceans of the world as 308,710,-679 cubic miles, and if each ton of sea water produced one grain of gold the aggregate, amount would be $48,Ł 000,000,000,000, being 23.22 grains fine to the dollar. After this discovery, it is, of course, natural that scien-tists should have made attempts to secure the precious metal, by treating the sea water chemically and electri-cally, but it was soon discovered that such processes would be wholly impracticable, owing to the great ex-pense attending the extraction of the gold from the enor-mous bulk of liquid. The matter should have ended here, but it got to be pretty well understood by the public that sea water contained gold. This fact afforded an ideal chance for the alleged inventor to devise a process for extracting the gold. . "A few months ago the Electrolytic Marine Salts Company was formed, and the good people of New Eng-land were asked to become shareholders, and soon nearly $1,000,000 of the $10,000,000 capital stock was sub-scribed: The enterprise belongs to the class which de-pends for success upon a secret process, which is in itself often a suspicious circumstance. Moreover, the man who devised the scheme for the extraction of the gold did not belong to the class from whom we are wont of expect great things in processes which require scientific  attainments. Experiments were conducted near Provi-dence, and a New York daily paper has been enabled to give a full outline of the ingenious trick. The capitalists were allowed to see the workings of the alleged invention. They were taken to a shed built on an old dock, and they were allowed to bring their own mercury and put it into the submarine tank, which was brought up to the surface by a winch. After the tank was properly ar-ranged, it was lowered to the bottom and the current was turned on, and the investors sat around to await results. A diver, who has now fled the country, walked on the bottom of the sea at this point and substituted mercury specially prepared with gold for the mercury which the gentlemen had furnished. When the tank was brought up to the surface, the mercury was given to an assayer and $4.50 worth of gold was found, which was considered a very good sum for a single `accumulator.' "Capital now came easy after this; so that a large plant was erected at North Lubec, Maine, so as to get ' fresh ' sea water. One plant had 240 accumulators at work. They are so located that the tide water passes through them and it is treated with chemicals and electricity, that never failing aid to bolster up secret processes. It was claimed that gold and silver, one part of the former to two of the latter, were extracted from the water and that these metals were removed from time to time about once a week. It was held as a theory that a ton of sea water contained four cents worth of gold. It was claimed as a practice by the company that four mills' worth was taken from each ton of water and that each accumulator earns on an average $1 net a day. Each accumulator separated and used about twenty tons of sea water an hour for sixteen hours out of every twenty-four. It was claimed that the consumption of chemicals was very small. The machines appeared to do their work miraculously well, and each week a gold brick worth nearly $2,000 was sent to the city. The weekly gold brick was about the same weight and value, which showed that the machinery was working remark-ably well and that the amount of gold in the water was a constant quantity, and the sixteen consignments netŁ ted $23,000. "Finally the vice-president and general manager's financial operations in New York aroused the suspicions of the banks, which led to his flight and the discovery of the swindle, and both he and his diver sailed for Europe; and the deluded members of the company, who believed that the scheme was feasible and went into the business in good faith, are now going to work the plant them-selves before they decide to admit that they have been deceived by perhaps the most astonishing and pictur-esque swindle of modern times, The moral to be drawn from this is that persons should not invest in any elec-trical or chemical process which they do not understand, until they have asked the opinion of some expert and for whose opinion they can well-afford to pay." THE Catholic Review reports that " by' a recent order of Secretary of War Alger, Catholic priests who have permission from their bishops may celebrate mass, hear confessions, and visit the soldiers of any of our camps. No pay, however, will be given by the Government for such service." 