136 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of God [the identical thing which the everlasting gospel requires], and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." Such will be the situation of the people of God at this time, and the only thing that they will have to sustain them is the everlasting gospel. How necessary therefore that we get, as before remarked, God's own definition of this term. Beginning our search we turn to Rom. 1:16, and read: "For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ; for it is the power of God unto salvation," etc. Thus we see that the gospel is simply the power of God. So that when we read the message of Rev. 14:6, 7, we can law-fully substitute "power of God" for "gospel" and read it thus: "And I saw another angel . . . having the ever-lasting power of God to preach," etc. Can we doubt that the power of God will be more than a match for the power of the dragon? But there is still more to God's definition of the word "gospel." We read again (1 Cor. 1:24): "But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God." The center and circumference of the "everlasting gos-pel" then is Jesus Christ. Back of Christ there is no power. He himself is the "power of God." Some idea of this "power of God" may be obtained in beholding the work of creation. Says the prophet Isaiah, "Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who hath created these things, that bringeth out their host by number; he call-eth them all by name, by the greatness of his might; for that he is strong in power; not one faileth." (Chap. 40: 26.) What may be learned by lifting up our eyes on high is told by the Apostle Paul (Rom. 1:20): "For, ever since the creation of the world, his invisible attributes, even his eternal power and divinity, being perceived from his works, are clearly seen, so that they might be without excuse."ŠNoye's Translation. In the things that are created we have before us con-tinually an object lesson of the power of Jesus Christ. "For in him were all things created, in the heavens, and upon the earth, things visible and things invisible, whether thrones or dominions,- or principalities or pow-ers; all things have been created through him, and unto him." Col. 1:16 (R. V.) No wonder that the shepherd Psalmist as he lifted up his eyes on high, and beheld who had created all these things, was led to exclaim, "The heavens declare the glory of GOd, and the firmament showeth his handiwork." Ps. 19:1. But much as creation tells us of the power and glory of its Creator, it does not, cannot, tell us all. Very beau-tifully Job gives us the truth concerning the matter when he says, "By his Spirit he hath garnished [made beautiful] the heavens: his hand hath wounded the fly-ing serpent. Lo, these are but parts of his ways; they convey but a whisper of his glory: but the thunder of his power who can understand?" Chap. 26:13, 14. Thus the power and glory of the Creator revealed in  the things that are created as compared to the fulne,ss-of his power, is as but a faint whisper in comparison to-the loudest thunder. And it is the "thunder of his power" that is given us in the "everlasting gospel." Not simply is a portion of the power that is in Christ given to us in the preaching of the gospel: It is Christ himself, "in whom dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." Very fitting is it therefore that when this'"everlast-ing gospel" is preached, all people are called upon to,  "worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters." Is this a Christian Nation? H F. PHELPS. IT is a principle of the Word of God, which is the text-book of the Christian religion, that to every man is given, as one of his inalienable rights, the right of the exercise of the individual conscience in all matters of religion; and that he is responsible alone at the bar of God upon all questions of religion. This is a Christian principle. If to deny this principle of Christianity, as is now being done .in some of the States by dragging men and women before the courts of Cmsar, to answer at the bar of the State, because they seek to understand the word of God and conform their lives thereto, in the observance of the fourth commandmentŠif this is Chris-tian, then, without doubt, this nation is in a fair way to become a Christian nation. If to seek a combination of the religious element in the nation for the purpose of securing the influence to Cmsar by legislative enactment for the furtherance of the inter-ests of the church, and the enforcement of her institu-tions, is ChristianŠif this is ChristlikeŠthen beyond question this is a Christian nation. If it is according to Christian principles for ministers to enter the arena of politics and preach politics instead of the gospel of Jesus Christ, as is, now being done in all the States of the Union; then, again, this is a Christian nation. But the Author of Christianity gave the plain-est instructions to his.church and to the ministry that they should have nothing in common with Cmsar. One of the plainest principles of the Reformation, and the foundation principle-  of Protestantism itself, was the denial of the right of the intrusion of the magistrate in matters of conscience. But by the masses of so-called Protestants this principle is forgotten and ignored to-day. If to forget a principle of the Christian religion, and to override and ignore it, is Christian, and if it is according to the principles of Christianity for this Gov-ernment to repudiate that which stamps it as a Protes-tant and Republican Government, as this nation is now doing, then indeed may we admit that this is a Christian nation. But to do all or any of these things is not Christian in any sense of the word. 