64 A_M111-411alICA_N VoL. 10, No. 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 21, 1895. gar" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL withuot having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. EDWARD F. DuNN, who is managing the American branch of the international move-ment to restore " Papal Independence," is a Florida judge. WITH the Monitor firing on us from San Francisco, the Pilot steaming toward us from Boston, and the Catholic World engaging us at short range, there appear to be prospects of a general engagement. OUR illustrated neighbor, Puck, is the only prominent political paper in the country that has cared and dared to speak its mind about the pope's latest encyclical to America. Its double page cartoon of February 13, is inter-esting. Would that America was as positive in her refusal to come under Leo's mantle as " Miss Columbia" is there represented to be. PROP. G. W. CoLcoRD, President of the Seventh-day Adventist academy at Graysville, Tenn., is one of the twenty now under in-dictment there, charged with violating the Sunday law. The six charges against him are for permitting students to labor on the college premises on Sunday. Since the indictments were found, a strong local sentiment has devel-oped against these prosecutions, led by the editor of the Dayton (Tennessee) Leader, and the result is left in doubt. Meanwhile the accused manifest a meek and quiet, yet cour-ageous spirit. IT will be unfortunate for America and for civilization if they are allowed to have their way in New York. Our schools are essentially civil schools, maintained as the prop of civil government. If they are converted into mili-tary institutions then the American system must cease to be republican and become im-perial. This would follow with a certainty that is illustrated by the whole course of history. The military spirit cannot become dominant in the mind of any people without supplanting the republican system with the imperial.ŠThe American Magazine of Civics, for February. Tilt Christian Statesman of Feb. 9, con-tains the following editorial paragraph Popery affirms its interpretation of God's law through its so-called infallible head to be binding upon the consciences of all men. It leaves no room for dissent. It compels, so far as it has the power, acceptance of its interpretation. It denies the bless-ing of Christ to all who do not accept its interpreta-tion as the one and only sound and valid interpreta-tion of the divine law. However sure we may be that our views of truth and duty are scripturally sound, we are following in the foot-steps of Romanism the moment we assume to judge brethren in Christ in any  such way as directly affirms or indirectly implies that they have not the same right to interpret and apply God's law for themselves, and to expect his blessing in their honest and sincere endeavors to do his holy will. The element represented by the Christian Statesman interprets the law of God to mean that the first day of the week and not the seventh day is the Sabbath, and is leaving no stone unturned in the effort to force this in-terpretation on all men by means of civil law. It denies the right of men " to interpret and apply God's law for themselves" and is there-fore, according to its own definition, " fol- lowing in the footsteps of Romanism." THE New York Observer, of Jan. 24, 1895, attacks the Roman Catholic mass on this wise :Š There is not, in all the Word of God, a passage that can be quoted in support of an early and fasting com-munion. The Catholic Union and Times, of Buffalo, replies as follows :Š Neither is there a single text of Scripture to author-ize you to change the Lord's day from the seventh to the first day of the week. Why have you done so ? Because the Catholic and Apostolic Church, from ear-liest Christian days, has substituted Sunday for the Jewish Sabbath, for solid and resplendent reasons. Of course, the Observer replied to this retort by maintaining the customary silence. What a pity that Protestants should stultify themselves and destroy their ability to wield the Word of God against papal errors by tena-ciously clinging to one of the most fatal of these errors. Ł THE reason why the pope is so anxious to hitch America to his chariot is clearly stated by 0. A. Brownson, in his work, " Conversa-tions on Liberalism and the Church." The author is a convert to Romanism from Protes-tantism, and so highly is he esteemed among them that steps have been taken to erect a monument to his memory. Mr. Brownson says:Š All heresies and infidelity are disintegrating and destructive, if you will, but really hostile to progress. They interrupt the work of the church, they interpose obstacles to her influence, deny or obscure the prin-ciples of progress, and as far as their power extends, so prevent their development and practical applica-tion, and not only peril souls, but hinder or retard the progress of civilization. Heretical nations [like the United States] are running the same career the ancient Gentile nations ran, and their influence, aided by the flesh, the world and the devil, extends even to orthodox nations, and neutralizes, to a fearful extent, the power of the church to apply her principles to her own children, so that these nations became almost as unprogressive as heretical nations themselves.ŠPage 170. Yes, the religious liberty principles of the Constitution of this heretical nation have neutralized to a fearful extent the " power " of the Roman Catholic Church over her own children, so much so that she has stopped burning them for heresy. There was no United States Constitution to " interpose ob-stacles to her influence" on Huss and Jerome and the millions of others murdered by her " influence; " hence the earnest solicitude of  the pope and the papacy to capture the United States Government and obtain " the favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority." WHAT the papacy will do for all nations and all people when the scheme of the pope is realized, is to be learned from a study of the history of the Dark Ages. There are people who are just foolish enough to believe that the " infallible " church has come to re-gard her cruel, mediaeval history with becoming abhorrence. All such should read the follow-ing, quoted from Brownson's work, which the writer purchased within a week, from the Catholic publishing house of D. & J. Sadlier & Co., 31 Barclay St., New York:Š Christian nations alone are living and progressive nations. And never have Christian nations advanced in all that makes the true glory of civilization so rap-idly as they did from the downfall of Rome to the rise of what you [Protestants] call the Reformation.ŠPage 170. No real progress of civilization since the epoch of the Reformation.ŠPage 176. Always will the period from the sixth to the end of the fifteenth century stand out as the most glorious in the annals of the race.ŠPage 182. Comment is unnecessary. THE Evangelist comments quite numor-ously upon the recent papal encyclical, making in a pleasant way several good points against it; and turning each of them likewise against the assumption of papal power by the Presbyterian General Assembly. The Evan-gelist concludes its criticism with these words :Š We have no quarrel with the pope; he lives "near St. Peter's," and has authority. To Leo's credit, be it said, he uses his authority discreetly, and on the side of morality and civil order. The pope we fight is the self-made dictator of Presbyterian opinion and law, whether he be one or many ; the creature which, like self-perpetuating prosecuting committees, creates an inquisition and forges instruments of torture for the miserable "minority." This is valuable from the standpoint of the SENTINEL, chiefly because of the recognition of the fact by the Evangelist that the pope that is to be feared is not merely the pope of Rome but the popish spirit; that the man who is dominated by that spirit is a pope wherever he is or whatever position he may occupy. It is this spirit that appeals to the civil power to enforce Sunday-keeping, de-mands exemption of church property from taxation, etc. R. T. WooLwAan, 66 Emerald Street, Boston, Mass., wishes clean copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for free distribution. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1,00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per spear, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 100 to 249 " " " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 44 500 to 999 " " " " 44 '' ŁŁ 135c " 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond struiret, New York City. 