THE -AMERICAN SENTINEL. 53 still higher in my estimation by your noble reply to the writer in question. Such men as that writer exhibit very little of Christian charity, and do much to make the enemies of Christianity rejoice. "'Your words, on the contrary, serve to re-mind us all that if we cannot agree in matters of faith, we should never be wanting in the courtesy and urbanity which Christians of all denominations owe to one another. "`I am with great regard, yours faithfully in Christ, "JAMES CARD. GIBBONS, Abp. Baltimore. "`REV. H. M. FIELD, D. D.' "Could anything be more gentle than this? Can anyone detect in it the slightest tone of arrogance? The writer does not assume that the Roman Catholic Church is the only Chris-tian body on earth; on the contrary; he dis-tinctly recognizes Christians of all denomina-tions,' and asks only for the courtesy and urbanity' which all Christians `owe to one another.' The gentleness of the letter is the .best answer to the fierce intolerance which will not recognize a Christian faith or Chris-tian life anywhere but within the narrow bounds of its own sect. Comparing it with the one in which a correspondent (who did not dare even to sign his name to his own letter) undertook to call us to account, we think our readers will agree that the Cardinal may well say that 'such men as that writer,  exhibit very little of Christian charity, and do much to make the enemies of Christianity rejoice.' Are we to refuse the outstretched hand of one who signs himself, Yours faith-fully IN CHRIST'Šthat blessed name which is the bond that holds the world together?" This is a good specimen of the mawkish-ness that now passes for the best Protestant-ism; with the exception, however, that this is the first instance in which we have seen Mr. Gibbons acknowledged as a Cardinal outside of the Catholic Church. We do not know ex-actly in what sense it is that Doctor Field uses them  word " our " in calling Mr. Gibbons "our oly Cardinal." We do not know hether he uses it as a representative Presby-terian, or whether he presumes to speak for the whole nation. If he speaks as a represent-ative Presbyterian, and thus acknowledges Mr. Gibbons as the Presbyterian Cardinal, as well as a Catholic Cardinal, then we have nothing to say, it is their right to do so if they choose. Nevertheless we shall watch with considerable interest to see whether there are any Protest-ants in the Presbyterian Church, or whether they have gone bodily over to allegiance to their "only Cardinal, the head of the Roman Catholic Church in America." If Mr. Field has in this taken it upon him- self to speak for the whole Nation, and, for the Nation, to acknowledge Mr. Gibbons as our only Cardinal, then, as American citizens, we do most decidedly protest. He is not our Cardinal in any sense. The United States knows no Cardinal, it recognizes no such dig-nity as a Cardinalate. And as for Doctor Field's saying that "certainly few men in Church or State hold so high a dignity as our only Cardinal," it is utterly false. So far as the church is concerned, the humblest Chris-tian in it holds an infinitely higher dignity than does Doctor Field's "only Cardinal." And as for the State, there is not an American citizen in this Union, who appreciates what  American citizenship is, who does not hold a dignity vastly greater than that of Doctor Field's "only Cardinal," who is bound in a con-temptible vassalage to a foreign and despotic lord. But the strangest thing in this whole con-nection is to see how unquestioningly Doctor Field accepts the dignity of a disciple of Loyola, conferred upon him by his Cardinal in the words: "Had you lived in the days of Ignatius Loyola, I am sure you would have revered and cherished the man on ac-count of his burning love for Christ." Not only does the Doctor unquestioningly accept this high honor, but he shows his high appre-ciation of it by acknowledging the donor as "our only Cardinal." We believe that Cardinal Gibbons is en-tirely correct in his estimate. We do, not doubt at all that had Henry M. Field, D. D., "lived in the days of Ignatius Loyola, he would have revered and cherished the man in his burning" fanaticismŠ" burning " in more senses of the word than one, as is abundantly proved by.the dreadful history of the Jesuits in every nation. We do not doubt at all that had Doctor Field lived in the days of Ignatius Loyola, he would have stood with him and his Jesuitism against Luther and Protestant-ism. Doctor Field accepts the discipleship of Loyola which his " only Cardinal " gives him. Loyola was the founder of the Society of the Jesuits. He was a Spaniard. Spain has seen more of Jesuitism than has any other nation. Jesuitism may fairly be said to be a Spanish institution. Doctor Field spent part of a summer there, and flatters the influence of the Catholic Church there as being in har-mony with the institutions of the country. Now let us have an estimate of Jesuitism and its influence, recorded by a native Spaniard who has spent his life in that country and knows its history as he knows its language. Senor Castelar says of Jesuitism:Š " Never was there founded an institution so openly at war with the spirit of its time. The sixteenth century was the century of ren-ovation; Jesuitism a sect of relapse. The six-teenth century founded the liberty of thought; Jesuitism founded intellectual slavery. The one tended to religious reform, the other to religious reaction; the one celebrated the emancipation of the conscience, the other adored the person of the Pope; the one heard the divine voice, the Holy Spirit, in the idea of every man, the other saw God only in tra-ditional and ecclesiastical authority; the one wrenched the conscience away from Rome, the other returned to Rome the absolute do-minion over time and etenity. Never in human memory has there existed a relig-ious association, regular and secular at once, equally at home in palaces and in deserts, ly-ing in wait for the courtier, the minister, and the monarch, as well as for the savage lost in the pampas of America, or the forests of Asia; never, I repeat, was there a religious associa-tion like this, founded upon absolute author-ity and obedience, which with such sovereign command exacted the subjugation of man and his living spirit, his indomitable liberty, his unconquerable inclinations to the cold apathy of a corpse."ŠHarper's Monthly Maga-zine, October, 1873. Another writer speaking of the wounds  which turned Loyola from a soldier into a fanatic, says:Š " They were the cause of many an auto-da-fi in Italy, and of a persecution worse than that of Diocletian, in Spain. . . . They led to the massacre of St. Bartholomew's; the death of Mary, Queen of Scots, the Spanish Armada, and the Gunpowder Plot. They disturbed the New World, gave rise to many deeds of self-denial and piety, and many horrible crimes and woes. They were felt in distant Russia. They aroused the Poles against the Russians, and excited a fierce war in which Poland in-flicted injuries upon its feeble neighbors that have 'scarcely yet been expiated in seas of blood. They spread their fatal influence over China, and stirred that vast empire with a vi-olent impulse. They were felt in Ethiopia and Hindostan, in Canada and Brazil; they gave rise, in fact, to the company of the Jesu-its."ŠEugene Lawrence, Historical Studies, p. 99. Loyola himself procured the erection of the Inquisition in Portugal, in 1545-46. And yet to be commended by a Papal Cardinal, as one who " would have revered and cherished " such a man as this, the intentional founder of such a system as this, is considered by Doc-tor Field as of sufficient honor to deserve in return the grateful platitude that "certainly few men in Church or State hold so high a dignity as our only Cardinal" p We do not wonder at all that the Cardinal gave his "full consent" that the letter should be published in the editorial columns of the Evangelist. Nothing pleases "our only Cardinal" better than to see the Presbyterians recognizing in him "so high a dignity," and acknowledging as their " only Cardinal the head of the Roman Catholic Church in America." Protestants there are yet some, but Protestantism is dead. A. T. J. .1 Ł Religion in Japan. IT is well known that much missionary work has been done in Japan, and that Chris-tianity has been looked upon with favor by those high in authority; and it has been de-clared highly probable that the empire will erelong become officially "Christian." The emperor is expected, like Constantine of old, to declare Christianity to be the religion. This step has been looked for with a great deal of anxiety by those interested in foreign missions, as a wonderful victory for Christian-ity. We have before expressed our opinion on the subject, that if such a step is taken, it will be the worst thing that could possibly happen for real Christianity in Japan. The Christianity that would be adopted would be a formal religion, a matter of policy alone, and it would put an effectual stop to the growth of vital godliness. The empire would no longer be missionary ground, and the la-bors of devoted missionaries would soon cease. Those who accepted the State religion in. obedience to the imperial edict, would be forever content with the form of religion, and so the last state of the empire would be worse than the first. We have no faith in charms, and we don't think that the name of Chris-tianity will make a man or a nation any bet-ter than will the name or the reality of pa-ganism. 