70 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. "' That we shall, in like manner, endeavor the extirpation of Popery, Prelacy, superstition, heresy, schism, profaneness, and whatsoever shall be found contrary to sound doctrine and the power of godliness." As to how that should be done the following will show. In 1639 there had been passed an "Act Ordaining by Ecclesiastical Authority the Subscription of the Confession of Faith and Covenant with the Assembly's Declaration," in which this is found:Š "' And having, withal, supplicated His Maj-esty's high commissioner and the lords of His Majesty's honorable Privy Council to enjoin by act of council all the lieges in time coming to subscribe to the Confession of Faith and Cove-nant."' The way in which it was to be enjoined, was this:Š "And in all humility supplicate His 1VIajosty's high commissioner and the honorable estates of Parliament by their authority to ratify and en-join the same, under all civil pains." In compliance with these humble supplica-tions the Edinburgh Parliament, in June 1640, passed an act toŠ "' Ordain and command the said Confession and Covenant to be subscribed by all Ms Maj-esty's subjects, of what rank and quality soever, under all civil pains.'" "All civil pains" includes everything that a government can inflict, even to death itself. These were ordinances of the Scotch Parlia-ment, but the English Parliament during the Covenanter regime, was not one whit behind. Under the "Solemn League and Covenant," the Presbyterian Parliament of England dealt "the fiercest blow at religious freedom which it had ever received." "An Ordinance for the Suppression of Blas-phemies and Heresies,' which Vane and Crom-well had long held at bay, was passed by triumphant majorities. Any manŠran this terrible statuteŠdenying the doctrine of the Trinity or of the Divinity of Christ, or that the books of Scripture are the ' word of God,' or the resurrection of the body, or a future day of Judgment, and refusing on trial to abjure his heresy, 'shall suffer the pain of death.' Any man declaring (among a long list of other er-rors) 'that man by nature hath free will to turn to God,' that there is a purgatory, that images are lawful, that infant baptism is unlawful; any one denying the obligation of observing the Lord's day, or asserting 'that the church gov-ernment by presbytery is anti-Christian or un-lawful,' shall, on refusal to renounce his errors, 'be commanded to prison.' "ŠGreen's Larger His-tory of England, book VII., chap. 10, par. 11. The execution of Charles I. severed the League, and Charles II. was immediately pro-claimed in Scotland, with the proviso, however, that "before being admitted to the exercise of his royal power, he shall give satisfaction to this kingdom in the things that concern the security of religion according to the National Covenant and the Solemn League and Covenant." This was made known to Charles in Holland, but he refused to accede to it. The next year how-ever, 1650, he sailed to Scotland and before landing he accepted the terms, consented to subscribe to the Covenants, and received the test. But all the while he was devising schemes for the subversion of the Covenants and the whole Covenanter system, of which the whole history of his reign, as well as of that of his brother James II., is but a dreadful illustration. When James II. had deprived himself of all allegiance of his subjects, and William and Mary came to the English and Scotch thrones in his stead, Presbyterianism was finally estab-lished as the religion of Scotland. But it was Presbyterianism without the enforcement of the Covenants, for honest William declared in memorable words that "so long as he reigned there should be no Persecution for conscience' sake." Said he:Š " We never could be of that mind that vio-lence was suited to the advancing of true re-ligion, nor do we intend that our authority shall ever be a tool to the irregular passions of any party.'"ŠGreen's England, book VIII., chap. 3, par. 86. And when William and Mary were inaugu-rated as sovereigns of Scotland, when it came to taking the oath of office, William refused to swear to the persecuting part of it. "A splendid circle of English nobles and statesmen stood round the throne; but the sword of State was committed to a Scotch lord; and the oath of office was administered after the Scotch fashion. Argyle recited the words slowly. The royal pair, holding up their hands towards Heaven, repeated after him till they came to the last clause. There William paused. That clause contained a promise that he would root out all heretics and all enemies of the true worship of God-, and it was notorious that, in the opinion of many Scotchmen, not only all Roman Catholics, but all Protestant Episcopa-lians, all Independents, Baptists, and Quakers, all Lutherans, nay all British Presbyterians who did not hold themselves bound by the Solemn League and Covenant, were enemies of the true worship of God. The king had ap-prised the commissioners that he could not take this part of the oath without a distinct and public explanation; and they had been author-ized by the convention to give such an expla-nation as would satisfy him. I will not,' he now said, lay myself under any obligation to be a persecutor.' Neither the words of this oath,' said one of the commissioners, nor the laws of Scotland, lay any such obligation on Your Majesty.' In that sense, then, I swear,'   said William, and I desire you all, my lords and gentlemen, to witness that I do so.' ŠMa-caulay's England, chap. 18, par. 68. As the acts of settlement adopted under Will-iam; and the oaths taken by him, not only failed to adopt and enforce the Covenant, but were in express contradiction to it, the Cove-nanters, "accordingly, occupied an attitude of firm and decided protest against the principles avowed by William, and acted on by the church," that is by the great body of the Scot- tish Church, which accepted the principles of William and the acts of settlement. "They maintained that there had been a decided de-parture on the part of both " the church and the sovereign from the principles and the obli- gations of the Covenant, and, says Macaulay, many of them " would rather have been fired upon by musketeers, or tied to stakes within low water mark, than have uttered a prayer that God would bless William and Mary."ŠId., par. 64. The Covenanters then standing as dissenters from the church and the Government that would not adopt the Covenant, and as the sole defenders of the doctrines of the Covenants adopted the name of " Reformed Presbyteri- ans." Thus the Covenanters are the Reformed Presbyterians, and the Reformed Presbyterian- ism is National Reform. The principles of the  Covenants and the Covenanters, which we have here set forth, are the "distinctive principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church," and for the spread of which that church is set; and "National Reform is simply the practical appli-cation" of these principles "for the reformation of the Nation." These are the literal, solid facts in the case, and we ask the American peo-ple whether they are ready just yet to be "re-formed " by " the practical application " of such principles ? A. T. J. Civil Government and Religion. ALL civil governments act authoritatively and sustain their authority by the compulsory law of force. They grant to the subject no dis-cretion. They assume their own infallibility, as against the right of the individual practically to dispute it. They put their opinions into ex-ecution, if necessary, by the sword. Where, then; is there any proper place in things spirit-ualŠthings that have their center in God and refer mainly to the interests of the after-lifeŠfor any merely human government to exercise its authoritative power over the individual will ? Shall it adopt a creed for the people, and thus decide what creed they shall adopt ? Shall.  it regulate their Mode of worship? Shall it tax them for the support of a religion which it thinks to be true, but which some of them may think to be false? Shall it make its conscience the law for their conscience? There is no re-ligious belief and no religious duty to which it can add the civil sanction without invading the inalienable rights of the individual conscience; and, at the same time, assuming an authority which belongs to God only. It may justly re-quire that no one shall make his religion an excuse for crime against the temporal good order and safety of society, and so it may pro-tect every one in the free and peaceable exercise of his religion; but beyond these two points it cannot go without taking the fatal step which logically involves the whole principle of State religion. Concede religion to be one of the ends for the attainment of which governments exist among men, and all laws necessary and proper for carrying this end into effect follow as a matter of course, and this is in its very nature the essence of religious despotism. Every step in this direction places the religious liberty of the individual at the pleasure of the govern-ment, armed with the whole power of society to enforce that pleasure. If government may tax him to support and teach religion, then it may establish for him a religion which he must observe whether be believes it or not. The only escape from this result is that theory of civil government which limits it to things tem-poral, and denies to it any jurisdiction or any duties beyond impartial protection in the sphere of things spiritual. This, and this only, secures religious liberty, as against any oppression by the civil power. The correctness of this theory is strongly -,onfirmed by the general fact of history, that when religion and civil government are legally ,inited, neither derives any benefit from the anion, but both are seriously damaged by it. Phe most characteristic feature of such a union 