  I t %IN'IL°ILIN  Ł  Ad Ł 0    right to rule in religious things, is stating that which every one knows is not, and can-not be, true. For, in that case, no man, whoever he may be, would have any alterna-tive but to obey the mandates of the civil authority in divine as well as earthly things, without a question as to whether it was just or not. This would destroy all necessity for any one but the magistrate to read the Bible, in which is found recorded the will of God. Moreover, such a rule would make the magis-trate's conscience the rule for all under his jurisdiction, and would, therefore, destroy the relation man is supposed to sustain toward God by making him, in religious matters, wholly responsible to the magistrate rather than to God. This principle is well illustrated by the statement of Louis XIV., when, on his death-bed, he was approached in relation to his spir-itual condition. His answer was, "I have left all these matters with the church, and I expect they have attended faithfully to them." Here was a man who had been taught to de-pend wholly on the church, as an institution divinely guided, and the consequence was that, in all his wicked career, he never ac-knowledged any responsibility except to that institution upon which he had been prone to lean. The same condition of things would surely follow with those who were led to believe in the divine appointment of all the magis-trates of the land. It is well known, however, that the powers of civil authority are always obtained and reg-ulated according to the peculiar notions of those who happen to be in authority; and the way governmental authority has usually been obtained, is well stated by Macaulay, in his essay on " Gladstone on Church and State":Š A nation of barbarians pours down on a rich and unwarlike empire, enslaves the people, portions out the land, and blends the institutions which it finds in the cities with those which it has brought from the woods. A handful of daring adventurers from a civilized nation wander to some savage country, and reduce the aboriginal race to bondage. A successful general turns his arms against the State which he serves. A society, made brutal by oppres-sion, rises madly on its masters, sweeps away all old laws and usages, and when its first paroxysm of rage is over, sinks down passively under any form of pol-ity which may spring out of the chaos. A chief of a party, as at Florence, becomes imperceptibly a sov-ereign, and the founder of a dynasty. A captain of mercenaries, as at Milan, seizes on a city, and by the sword makes himself its ruler. An elective senate, as at Venice, usurps permanent and hereditary power. It is in events such as these, that govern-ments have generally originated; and we can see nothing in such events to warrant us in believing that the governments thus,  called into existence will be pe-culiarly well fitted to distinguish between religious truth and heresy. Par. 33. Yet such as these are among the "powers that be," and exist in the providence of God; not, however, to regulate religion among men, but to maintain order and the proper relations between man and man. To say more than this, would be to assert that God or-dained the powers of the East to maintain Mohammedanism and Buddhism. This could not be true, otherwise the gospel commission conferring authority to carry the gospel into all the world, was a mistake, and the labors of foreign missionaries in heathen countries, are all out of order. The truth is, that the language of Paul to the Roman Christians, was designed to state only a general truth, which was applicable to every form of government in order to ensure peace and prosperity to God's creatures every-where. Order in government may be seen even in the lower grades of creation. We have only to watch a colony of honey-bees for a short time, when it will be seen that they  have governmental order, and are controlled in all their movements, by some acknowledged head. And those proverbially enterprising insects known as ants, are said, by naturalists, also to be governed by specific laws which are rigidly carried out in each community of these little creatures. The governmental powers of these and other orders of the animal crea-tion, were just as much ordained of God as were human governments; yet it does not fol-low that their powers of government were de-signed to extend to religious things. HOW THE STATE BENEFITS () THE CHURCH IN HOLLAND. "IT is a sad picture," says the New York Observer, of the 20th ult., " which the Rev. Hermarr Vanderwart gives in the Christian Intelligencer, of the State Church of Holland. He says:Š The State Church of Holland is just about the same as of old. There is very little life to it. The major-ity of her pulpits still preach a sort of refined ration-alism, placing great stress on ethics and forms. The real religious life finds stronger expression in the Christian Reformed Church of the kingdom, which grows year by year in strength and composes the backbone of the people. It grew out of a reaction against the rationalistic teachings of the State Church, and is to-day the church of Holland's future. It has just completed, some three years ago, a union with another small body which revolted against the teach-ings of the old church, and presents a united front against the inroads of dead orthodoxy and pernicious rationalism. Its synod meets triennially at different places. This year it convenes, August 11, at Middel-burgh, in Zeeland, where I hope to go and convey the fraternal greetings of our church, in company with Dr. Bishop, of Orange, and the Rev. B. Van Ess, of Roseland. The masses which have been baptized and trained in the old State Church are more and more drifting away from all church influences. They care very little for religion, the Bible is no longer of any authority, and God's Sabbath is turned into a full holiday. That's the plain truth. It only shows the old saying that when once you begin to unravel the smallest stitches, you won't have any seams left at all. "A solemn warning, surely," says the Ob-server, "is to be found in the story here told. Alas that it is all true as others besides Mr. Vanderwart can and do testify." But will the Observer heed the warning? If we mistake not our contemporary is among those who in-sist upon State support of the Church in the matter of Sunday laws, State-paid chaplains, exemption of church property from taxation, etc. They simply carry the matter a little .farther in Holland.  -.41Ł Ł  SATOLLI'S SUCCESSOR APPOINTED. A DISPATCH from Rome, under date of August 22, says :Š The diplomatic career of Father Sebastiano Marti-nelli, second Delegate Apostolic in the United States, will begin here to morrow under unusually brilliant auspices. In the Sistine Chapel of the Vatican, the scene of so many famous and historic ceremonies, the erstwhile humble prior of the Augustinians will be raised to the archiepiscopal dignity. At the conclu-sion of this impressive rite Cardinal Rampolla, the Papal Secretary of State, will bestow on the newly consecrated prince of the church his commission as Leo's representative .in America. The text of this commission cannot fail to be inter esting to all your American readers, particularly since it departs from the usual formula to bestow warm praise on the retiring delegate, Cardinal Satolli. It reads as follows:Š " Venerable Brother: The post of Delegate Apos-tolic in the United States of North America having become vacant by the promotion to the sacred purple of His Eminence Cardinal Satolli, who, by his great work has merited this mark of our esteem, we, hold-ing you in our very especial affection and seeing in you the qualities to carry on and perfect the work  begun by our beloved son, His Eminence Cardinal Satolli, do benignly nominate you to that vacant post. " By virtue of our apostolic authority and by virtue of these present letters, we do further elect, make and declare you to be the second Delegate Apostolic to the United States of America at the good will of ourself and this Holy See. We grant you all and singular the powers necessary for the carrying on of such dele-gation. "We command all whom it concerns to recognize in you as Apostolic Delegate the supreme power of the delegating pontiff. " We command that they give you aid, concurrence and obedience in all things, that they receive with reverence your salutary admonitions and orders. Whatsoever sentence or penalty you shall declare or inflict against those who oppose your authority we will ratify, and with the authority invested in us by the Lord, will cause the same to be observed inviola-bly until condign satisfaction be made, notwithstand-ing constitutions and apostolic ordinances or any other thing to the contrary. " LEO XIII. "Given at Rome, on the twenty-third day of August, eighteen hundred and nine six, in the nineteenth year of our pontificate." It does not appear upon the face of this commission that the appointment of Martinelli has any reference to the desire of Rome to establish diplomatic relations with this Gov-ernment, but doubtless that long-cherished scheme is still dear to the heart of Leo XIII. and will be cherished in the Vatican until such time as public sentiment shall make it possible of accomplishment. Let not Amer-icans relax their vigilance. LOYAL TO LIBERTY. A TOUCHING story is told of General Marion, " the Swamp Fox," of revolutionary fame. As the story runs, a British officer was sent to the rude camp of General Marion, located in the swamps of North Carolina, for the purpose of negotiating an exchange of prisoners. When the officer came to dine with General Marion and his staff, all they sat down to was a peck of sweet potatoes, baked in the ashes and served on a log. The English officer commented on the poverty of the fare, but was told that it was better than usual. " But your pay is good ?" inquired the English officer. " I have never received a dollar for my services, nor my people," replied the General. " What motive, what stimulus, have you for fighting then?" inquired the astonished Englishman. " We fight for love of liberty," responded Marion. The story adds that the officer was so im-pressed by this devotion to the cause of American liberty that he returned to Charles-ton and resigned his commission. Such examples of devotion to the cause of political liberty have been numerous and have not been confined to one nation nor to one age. But in the cause of religious free-dom there have appeared the most striking examples of devotion to truth. Neither pri-vation, fiendish torture, nor death have been able to quench the spirit of loyalty to divine truth in the breasts of men. The early Christians were true to their convictions in the presence of the flame, and the fury of the hungry beasts. Albigenses, Waldenses, Lol-lards, Hussites, Huguenots, German Princes, Baptists and Quakers, each in turn suffered and fought the battle for liberty of conscience. To-day the Stundists of Russia and the anti-revolutionary portion of the Armenians, are choosing exile and death rather than sur-render their religious convictions. There is another class of patient, loyal 