owiliVN,15134 THE- ANIERICA_N SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No; 23. NEW YORK, JUNE 4, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no lavers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. A PHILADELPHIA Grand Jury arraigns the Sunday law of Pennsylvania as a nuis-ance, " an obsolete law which may have been right and advisable in a small town in 1791, but which is now out of place in the new Philadelphia of 1891." THE Hutchinson (Kansas) News*of May 12, states that, " the discussion of the clos-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday is likely to involve the whole Sunday ques-tion." It would seem that this subject is attracting the attention of the entire country. ŁŁ-Ł  BRADFORD, Pennsylvania, is agitated over a rigid Sunday ordinance which the City Council has been asked to pass. The matter was referred to a committee which decided that a full discussion of the measure was advisable. A hall has ac-cordingly been secured and a discussion arranged for to last two evenings. THE Grand Jury of Mercer County, New Jersey, has indicted the members of the Salvation Army for making loud noises on drums and tambourines. "This," says the Christian Advocate, "is contrary to the spirit of democratic freedom. Let the persons in this country who can not en-dure noises for a good purpose fill their ears with cotton. That Grand Jury probably never indicted a Roman Catholic proces-sion, however noisy, oven on Sunday, nor -would its members ever think of doing such a thing." THE Mail and Express has the follow-ing editorial note:Š Russia is now persecuting Methodists as well as. Jews. Our cable news to day gives the story of some of the sufferings of the poor people who, for no other crime than nonconformity with the State church, have been banished, imprisoned, robbed and tortured. How long will the civilized Christian nations allow this sort of thing to go on without a sharp and effectual protest ? Lord Salisbury's speech shows that he is almost ready, if backed by public opinion, to call the Russian bear to " come down." The barbarities continually practiced in Russia are an affront to the civilized world, and they ought to be stopped. The Mail and Express has not, how-ever, so far as we are aware, entered any' protest against the barbarities practiced in our own country upon Seventh-day Christians, merely for following upon  Sunday their ordinary vocations, after having conscientiously observed the sev-enth day. Will our contemporary, whose destinies are presided over by the Presi, dent of the American Sabbath Union, rise and explain why religious persecution is worse in Russia than in the United States ? The principle is certainly the same; the Russians simply carry it farther than the religious bigots in this country have yet been able to do. -4- A MOVEMENT is on foot in Washington to open the Smithsonian Institute, the National Museum, the Congressional Li-brary, and the Corcoran Art Gallery on Sunday. The Washington Post has been publishing the views of different leading men upon the question. " The diversity of these views and the manner in which they have been expressed," says the Post, "show that people are thinking seriously on this subject and their publication natur-ally results in more light being offered by those who were not originally approached on the subject. Even among clergymen there is no uniform opinion, as some favor the opening at least on an afternoon, while others are opposed to any kind of opening." THE Catholic Review thinks that the Christians of the country should lay aside all differ-ences of opinion and refuse to have the World's Fair .open on Sunday, even though a decorous ob-servance of the decencies should be absolutely guar-anteed. . . . To close the doors on Sunday looks extreme, but it is a war measure, and Chris-tians must submit to the inconvenience of it for the sake of defeating a hateful and unscrupulous en-emy. In Catholic countries there could not be any trouble in settling a question of this kind. That is to say that were it not that a point is to be gained for a dogma of the Church by closing the Fair on Sunday Christians might consent to its being kept open upon that day. In other words, it is not a question of Christian duty or Ł principle at all, but simply of advantage to the Church. Certainly there would not be any trouble in settling such a question in Catholic countries; the church would simply make known its will and the civil power would simply obey. We trust it is not yet so in this country. THE following is from Col. Elliott F. Shepard's paper, the Mail and Express :Š The Sunday quiet of Yonkers was disturbed yesterday. Drums were beating and flags were waving, and men were parading through its streets from shortly before noon until long after nightfall. Thousands of people were there to cheer them on. Yonkers was simply flooded by an unwelcome crowd. All this was because the corner stone of a Roman Catholic seminary, the object of which is ostensibly to train men in the ministry of holy things, was to be laid. It began with breaking the Ł Sabbath. It ended with it, too. This only shows the real animus of the, American Sabbath Union, whose.president, Colonel Shepard is : it not only demands that Sunday shall be observed but it would  assume to say how it shall- be observed. We have no more sympathy with Ro-man Catholics than has the American Sabbath Union, but we do maintain that they have a perfect right to do upon Sun-day anything that they might properly do upon any other day. THE following dispatch was published in the New York World, of May 11 :Š Five thousand men in Ansonia., Connecticut, on the other side of the Naugatuck River, could not get a cigar to smoke to-day owing to a Blue Law order issued by Prosecuting Attorney Waich. There is great indignation in consequence, and the people are determined to apply the brakes to other offenses under the Sunday laws. The order applies to con-fectionery, ice-cream and soda water stores. Bir-mingham is profiting by the order. Shelton has no license and its people also cross the river to get a supply. Although cigars were not sold in Ansonia, it was evident that whiskey was to be had, and there were many cases of intoxication. SENATOR EDMUNDS has an idea of a university, and here it is, expressed in his own words :Š We need a great national university, and we need it right here at the national capital. Not a college, but a great non-sectarian university, an institution which should make plain the liberality of Protest-ants as compared with the narrowness of the papal power. I have no objection to any one's being a Papist if he or she desires to be, but I do object to the efforts which are being made by the Papacy to combine the Church and the State. The people of the United States must and will see the necessity for taking a firm stand in this matter, and one of the results of their firmness will be a great national university. Upon this the Catholic Review re-marks The Senator then desires to erect at the common expense a great Protestant school whose avowed aim shall be to counteract the encroachments -of Catholics. It is therefore in order for the present Catholic university to get itself constituted a na-tional affair to oppose the encroachments of Prot-estants. One is as logical and useful as the other, and quite as constitutional. And the Review is quite right. Ł-Ł  Ł  COMMENCING with the paper dated July 3, 1891, Our Little Friend will be changed to eight pages, magazine form, and will contain two sets of Sabbath-school lessons, one each for th,e first and second primary grades. The price of the paper will re-main the same as heretofore, clubs of ten or more copies to one address, forty cents per year, twenty cents for six months. Single subscription, fifty cents per year. Address, Our Little Friend, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year,-post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New T9r,lx, 