one power is instantly note that men and guns are they were gold pieces, an buckle becomes at once th sion. The discovery of a new d followed by the others; ted as carefully as if e alteration of a shoe ubject of military discus-high explosive, or the in- 150 AMERICAN SENTINEL. " `Where have you seen the best sabbath observ- ance?' "To this a San Francisco clergyman respondsŠ " `Among the Christian people of California.' " Another statement in the same book isŠ " 'Both laymen and ministers say that even in Cal- ifornia the sabbath is, on the whole, better observed, and Christian services better attended than five years ago.' " ' Five years ago,' at that time was three years be- fore the repeal of the California Sunday law." Touching the proposed legislation, it says:Š "Against House Bill No. 186, entitled `An Act Amending Section 1569 of General Statutes Relat-ing to Work or Recreation on Sunday,' we most earnestly protest. " We protest against this amendment because its object is to make more stringent the Sunday laws, which are already contrary to the principles of true American-ism. For a thousand years after Sunday began to be observed as a professedly Christian institution, and for a number of centuries after ordinary work was prohib-ited on that day, no one thought of prohibiting sports and recreation. Our Puritan ancesi ors were the first to make this attempt ; and to antagonize their influence the laws regulating 'Field Sports' were passed during the reign of the Stuarts. "This is a revival of Puritanism, per se. If its object were to prevent a nuisance in the form of a disturbance of public worship, it should apply alike to all days, since what constitutes such a nuisance on one day, would con-stitute the same nuisance on any other. But there are already laws to prevent such a nuisance; and so this, if that were its intent, would be cumulative legislation, and so unnecessary. If its object is to restrain the individ-ual, and direct him for his own personal good, as to how he shall spend the day, we urge and protest that such laws are paternal, and un-American. The State is not the guardian of the individual health or welfare of its subjects." The basis of the Sabbatic institution, and the con-scientious belief of some in the Word of God, are next referred to:Š BASIS OF THE SABBATIC INSTITUTION. " The fourth commandment of the Decalogue, which is almost universally acknowledged to be the basis of the Sabbatic institution, readsŠ " `Six days SHALT THOU LABOR, and do all thy work; but the SEVENTH DAY is the SABBATH of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work.' "We conscientiously believe that this means what it says, and that it therefore requires that men shall rest on the seventh day, and habitually work on the other six, including the first." In conclusion, the pi otest defines the attitude of those for whom it speaks in the matter of compulsory Sunday legislation, and briefly summarises their objections to the same, as follows:Š " We do not wish to compel others to either think or act as we do in this matter; but we deny their right to compel us, or to in any.way molest us, on account of our religious faith and doctrine. While we are loyal support- ers of civil government in civil things, yet we can not habitually rest on Sunday, for we dare not do what to us is to disobey God, and,  to recognize a false and rival sab-bath. God has given us the right to obey Him, not as men may happen to decide we ought, but as He by His Spirit guides us into the understanding of His Word; and the Constitution of Connecticut, before quoted, recognizes this right in every citizen, so long as he does not obstruct the worship of others. " We believe, therefore, that this whole Sunday-law movement is a giant stride backward toward the Dark AgeS. " We believe it to be utterly inimical with both the principles of true Americanism, as defined by the fathers of this Republic. " We believe that it is logically a complete repudiation of the 'new order of things' to which this Government stands pledged before the world. " We believe that if it is permitted to go on, ecelesias-ticism will be revived, the chains of priestcraft will be forged anew, and the nineteenth century will darken into a night of oppression, instead of proving as it was hoped by the fathers of the Republic that it would, but the dawning of liberty. " We therefore most earnestly petition the honorable members of the Legislature of Connecticut to stand as patriots for the principles of true Americanism, that this Government may teach, as it was once believed that it would, the lesson of liberty to the world." The Rearmament of Europe. New York Observer," Jan. 14. THE European governments are again in a panic of fear, or are simulating fear in order to familiarize the minds of their subjects with the necessity for new arma-ments. In nearly every State with land frontiers to de-fend the parliaments are, or will soon be, confronted with extra military budgets, even Greece, Holland and Den-mark being occupied with projects for fresh levies or increase of armaments. The mingled jealousy and fear on the Continent is so strong that the minutest change in military organization and equipment on the part of vention of a new kind of gunpowder, creates a perfect frenzy of apprehension, and all artillery and rifles must be immediately adjusted to them or created anew, even if it takes the last dollar in the treasuries and mortgages the future. In the present instance it is France that has started the alarm with the new quick firing Canet gun, which throws a shrapnel shell loaded with 300 bullets five times a minute, with a range of nearly 7,000 metres, and her request for extra infantry battalions amounting to an increase of 70,000 men. Germany is alarmed in turn, or pretends that she is, in order to drag new credits out of 