rff9 'IL .10ŠelL-e V UL. J..L 110. NO. as mischievous as is the papal idea of the State subservient to the Church; in fact, it is in effect the same thing. The Catholic position is that the State exists for the sake of, and to serve the Church. The California Standard asserts, and evidently approves the idea, that " civil and political powers have been recog-nized as nurseries of the Church." Civil governments have been recognized as nurseries of the Church only where they have been perverted from their true purpose. Civil government is properly recognized only as the conservator of civil rights. The State can properly be the nursery of the Church only in the same sense that it is the nursery of any other institution with which it has no connection whatever any more than to guard its rights. The State should sustain no dif-ferent relation to the Church than it sustains to Oddfellowship or Freemasonry. The State guarantees to every organization and to every peaceable assemblage protection from disturb-ance. The State guarantees property rights to every properly organized association or so-ciety regardless of the object for which it is incorporated ; it does this alike for the Church and for the Liberal club. The moment the State makes any difference between the Church or between churches and other organizations not destructive of civil society, it is upon dan-gerous ground. Our contemporary says that the Church could not exist without the State; that is true only in a limited sense. The Church could exist as well or better without the State than could any other association of individuals. But of course the State is necessary for the preservation of civil order, and churches share, and are entitled to share, the benefits equally with individuals and with other asso-ciations. We think, however, that the Standard has been unfortunate in expression rather than in thought, and that the editor believes and de- Ł sires better than he has stated. SALVATIONIST ARRESTED. A SENSATION was caused in Tottenville, Staten Island, last week, by the arrest and imprisonment of a Salvation Army captain for " obstructing the streets." " The prisoner," says the Journal of the 26th inst., " is Captain James Fairbrother, who commands the English Salvation Army Corps, located at Perth Amboy. Sunday af-ternoon Captain Fairbrother, with twenty-five members of his corps, came here to hold services. The Salvationists took a position on Main Street, and with drums and tambour-ines, songs and exhortations, soon attracted a crowd numbering several hundred. They were within earshot of the principal hotels in the village. " Private Stumbles was engaged in fervent prayer when a policeman forced his way through the crowd and the ranks of the Army and tapped the soldier on the shoulder. Private Stumbles stopped and turned in sur-prise to the policeman, who quietly asked him to suspend the meeting on the public street. The only answer of the soldier was the con-tinuance of the prayer. He was brought to a stop, however, when the bluecoat informed him curtly that he was under arrest. The prisoner was taken to the station, but the meeting continued with even greater fervor than before. After a consultation the police decided that they would not hold a mere pri- vate, and released the prisoner. Private Stumbles hastened back to the meeting, followed leisurely by the policeman, who  found Captain Fairbrother making an ad-dress. " The policeman made his way again into the circle and requested the captain to desist. This the Salvationist leader refused to do, and he was arrested and the meeting was broken up. When Captain Fairbrother was arraigned in court he declined to make any defense ex-cept to declare that he was serving God. Justice Smith found him guilty and imposed a fine of $10. In default of the payment of this fine he was sentenced to ten days' impris-onment in the County Jail. He will serve out his sentence, as, he says the Army's policy is not to pay fines of those imprisoned for such offenses." HOW THE POPE REGARDED IT. SPEAKING of the recent move made by the Catholic cardinals of England, Ireland, and America, toward the establishment of a court of international arbitration, a writer in the Western Watchman, of May 14, says At the Vatican the scheme proposed has been highly applauded. It is the practical deduction from the Pope's teaching and the continuance and outcome of his aims toward universal peace. Indeed, reference is made to this in the appeal itself. "Such a court [of international arbitration] existed for centuries when the nations of Christendom were united in one faith. And have we not seen nations appeal to that same court for its judgment in our own day?" The incident referred to here was the selection of Leo XIII. by the Emperor of Germany to arbitrate between Germany and Spain regarding the right of proprietorship in the Caroline Islands. Leo XIII. did not consider it fitting, in the circumstances, that he should arbitrate between the two Powers He con-sented to be a mediator between them. His media-tion was accepted and his conclusions received as binding. When the matter was settled Leo XIII. sent to Prince Bismarck the insignia of the very distinguished Order of Christ, accompanied by a kindly letter. And so important did the Pope deem this selection of him-self as mediator that it formed the subject of the medal cast in the following year on the feast of St. Peter. The figure of the Pontiff bearing an olive branch stands between the figures of Germany and Spain; around the border of the medal are the words: "Controversia de insulis Karolinis ex aequitatis di-rempta," and beneath the feet of the figures are the words: " Pacis arbitra et conciliatrix," with the date "MDCCCLXXXV." The Pope was quite right in regarding the selection commemorated by this medal as an important one; and he now aims to give a practical character to this importance by ex-tending the idea to the formation of an inter-national papal court of arbitration. Ł PRESENT-DAY PROTESTANTISM. THE spokesmen of the Papacy have much to say at the present time, and with much apparent reason, concerning the decay of Protestantism. We say " apparent " reason, since in reality Rome has no reason whatever to congratulate herself upon the prospect of her victory over Protestantism. It is true that vast numbers of people, nom-inally Protestants, are indifferent to the dis-tinctive principles of Protestant belief. It is true that the number of such persons is in-creasing, and that Rome is rapidly gaining adherents from all classes of the people. It is true also that the Protestant churches as Buell are fast placing themselves upon papal ground by their advocacy of religious legisla-tion, and that by this course and their adhe-rence to the papal dogma of Sunday sanctity they give Rome all the advantage in the con-test for supremacy, so far as they themselves are concerned. But Protestantism has a  strength entirely above that which these hu-man elements can supply; and that strength, despite all contrary appearances, will give Protestantism the victory. Protestantism cannot be represented by an army of men, or by a creed evolved from the conceptions and deductions of original minds. Protestantism is religious truth, and as such is represented by the word of God. Over that word the Papacy will never triumph; but that word will triumph completely over the Pa-pacy. And when the Papacy and all the powers of earth which it will have drawn to its sup-port, and even the very earth itself, shall have passed away, the word of the eternal God will still remain, a sure foundation for all who shall have made that word their trust. The truth is that Protestantism is not de-clining in the earth, but rising, and the pres-ent generation is to see such a manifestation of its power as no generation ever yet beheld. For truthŠthe eternal truth of God which is given to set men free from every yokeŠis to shine forth with a brightness that will lighten all the earth. It is to be proclaimed with a voice so loud that every ear shall hear. It will be the word of GodŠ" the Scripture and the Scripture only," and will go with all the power of that word, which is the power that created all things. It will proclaim God's eternal lawŠthat law which the Papacy has thought to change. The conflict with papal error will be short, sharp, and decisive, and God's own voice will give it a fearful and glo-rious termination. The God of truth will not keep silence for ever. The same voice which spoke against sin from the flaming summit of Mount Sinai, is to be heard once more. " Whose voice then shook the earth; but now he hath promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the'earth only, but also heaven. And this word, Yet once more, signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain." Heb. 12:26, 27. Let it be ours to stand with Protestantism upon the foundation which cannot be shaken. IF NOT, WHY NOT ? [South African Sentinel, Cape Town, May, .1896.J THE Commission appointed by the Raad in the Orange Free State to draft a law for a better sabbath observance, recomend the pro hibition of th6 following, as recently pub-lished in a Free State paper: " Slaughtering, baking, catching fish, planting, sowing, and work of all kinds at public diggings, riding loaded vehicles (except passenger vehicles), races, giving or attending dancing parties, concerts, processions, cricket, tennis (except in closed grounds, at distance from churches). Penalty for contravention not exceeding £20 or two months." Such proposed legislation leads naturally to the inquiry, does not the State go beyond its rightful jurisdiction in enforcing religious observances ? The Sabbath is not an insti-tution of the Free State; it was ordained by Jehovah before the fall of man. The obser-vance of the Sabbath, therefore is a religious duty that man owes to his Creator. God has never delegated to the Raad the right to incorporate into its statutes the laws of his Government, and to enforce them by fines and penalties. If they may enforce the Sab-bath, why may they not also enforce baptism, the Lord's supper, or any other religious duty ? Sabbath-keeping is a religious duty, and as such it is rendered, not to man but to 