THE ANLERICA_N SENTINEL. 195 Jesus to his disciples after his resurrec-tion, so far as we know, were on the first day of the week;" and the Woman's Christian. Temperance Union, by Mrs. I3ateham, in Leaflet No. 31, says, " With His death the Jewish dispensation passed away, and henceforward we find him in-variably meeting with his disciples on the first day of the week." Now admitting that that is so, let us read a passage of Scripture directly upon this point. I turn to John 21:1-6, and read as follows :Š" After these things Jesus showed himself again to his disciples at the sea of Tiberias ; and on this wise showed he himself. There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two others of his disciples. Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and,entered into a ship imme-diately; and that night they caught nal-ing. But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore; but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus. Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat ? They answered him, No. And he said unto them, Cast the net on the right side .of the ship, and ye shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes."* There is an appearance of Jesus clearly recorded which these two chief Sunday-law organizations positively declare was on Sunday, the first day of the week ; and at that appearance of the Saviour, his dis-ciples were not only fishing and had fished without success up to this point, but the Saviour told them where to cast the net so that they could catch fish. They did so, and caught a multitude. Now upon the authority of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the American Sab-bath Union, that was on the first ,day of the week; and according to the word, Jesus distinctly assisted his disciples in catching a "multitude of fishes." Then I want to know by what right they pro-pose to have the city of Bradford prohibit the citizens of this place from catching fish on Sunday. (Applause.) The former speaker said that the object of the ordinance was to secure to the people rest. Is it so, then, that the people of Bradford do not know when they ought to rest ? Do they not know when they are tired enough, and need rest ? Further than this, who is to enforce this if it should be adopted ? The citizens them- * I was informed after the hearing was over, that when I read the statements of the American Sabbath Union and Wo-Man's Christian Temperance On ion that Christ invariably met with his disciples on the first day of the week, after his resurrec_ tion, and then read the Scripture about the fishing, some of the women whispered to one another that that was not the - first 'day of the week. It may be that it was not. I do not say that it was. But they say that it was. And if these organ-izations bp mistaken in such an important statement as that, then is there not a possibility that the same organizations may also be mistaken as to Sunday's being the Lord's day ? And in enforcing the observance of that day as the Lord's day, is there not danger of compelling men to act directly contrary to the Scriptures, and the commandment of God ? selves, of course. Well then, if they now will not rest, will they then compel them- selves to rest ? In other words, will you, or the business men of this place, compel yourselves by law to do what now you want to do and will not do ? Of course you will not, for everybody knows that when a person wants to do a thing, he can do it without a law to compel him to do it. Yet more than this, you have a law al-ready. The law of the State is of force in Bradford as well as anywhere else. The law of the State is of force everywhere within the bounds of the State. But that law is not obeyed, and this petition simply asks that that law, word for word so far as applicable, shall be re-enacted into an ordinance for this city. Now as the State law is neither respected nor enforced, how then do you propose to have the same thing enforced by making it a city ordi-nance ? Here is a, praptical and familiar illus-tration. I notice in your daily papers here advertisements of excursions from this city up to Buffalo and Niagara Falls next Sunday and the succeeding Sundays through the summer. Suppose this ordi-nance were adopted. Will you then draw out your police force and stop all your neighbors of this city from going on that excursion up to Niagara ? You know well enough that you will not; and if you do not enforce it upon them, will you enforce it upon your other neighbors who stay at home ? If upon some, you will have to upon all. But you know well enough that you will not enforce it upon the first class, and I know well enough that it will not be enforced upon any class except some who observe the seventh day, or upon some one against whom some other one has a grudge. Then the law will be made simply the channel through which certain ones can vent their grudge or spite. You know that the previous speaker said that if they should choose to do what they could in prosecution and persecution, they could have enforced the law of the State, but they didn't choose to do that, and therefore petitioned the council to pass this ordinance : thus simply saying that the enforcement of the law of the State would be but prosecution and persecution, and as they did not want to engage in this themselves, they kindly ask the City Coun-cil to do it for them. It was announced, however, that they propose an exemption, for observers of the seventh day. Yes, that is so; and it proposes to exempt from the requirements of this ordinance those who religiously observe another day, and who, when they shall be arrested and brought before the Mayor or any alderman, shall be able to prove by proper and satisfactory evidence that they " regularly " observe that day, and that they " have observed the day as a day of worship." Precisely. They dis-tinctly propose, therefore, that this ordi-nance shall require that those who do not  observe Sunday shall religiously observe another day as a day of worship. This does therefore propose positively to enforce a religious observance. And when the requirement is that those who do not observe Sunday shall religiously observe another day, then it is plainly argued that those who do not religiously observe an-other day shall religiously observe Sun-day. That is in the thing itself. It is re- ligious from beginning to end. It is re-ligious in every intent and purpose of its promoters, and although you have been informed that the City Council is not an ecclesiastical court, yet this exemption de-clares that those who observe another day than Sunday, when arrested and brought before the Mayor and alderman of this city, shall prove by proper evidence that they have religiously observed that day as a day of worship, and that it is a reg-ular thing with them to do so. This does distinctly and positively make the Mayor and aldermen of this city the judges of religious observances. It does make them a court before which religious questions shall be brought and by which religious questions shall be decided. But any per-son in Bradford or anywhere else has an inalienable right to observe any other day than Sunday without having such observ-ance passed upon by any body as to whether it is religious or not. No man nor set of men in Bradford or anywhere else, has any right to require, or enter into any question or inquisition upon, the religious observance of any day or anything else, by any body. (Applause.) The gentleman informed us that there are in the city those who fear God and de-sire to attend church and observe Sunday in a religious way, but in so doing they are compelled to lose the patronage that might otherwise fall to them if they were to keep their place of business open. That is to say, they fear God provided they can be assured that they lose nothing by it. And they want to turn the City Council into an insurance company to insure them against any possible loss by fearing God. Once more : the ordinance declares that all persons are hereby forbidden to per-form any worldly employment or business whatsoever within the city of Bradford " on the Lord's day." What can the City Council have to do 'with that which be-longs to the Lord ? The Saviour was once asked a question bearing directly upon this point. They said unto him, " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or not ?" He replied, " Show me the trib-ute money." And they gave him a piece of Roman money. He inquired, " Whose is this image and superscription ?" They said unto him, " Caesar's." Then answered Jesus unto them, " Render therefore unto Casar the things that are Cmsa,r's; and unto God the things which are God's." Now, this proposed ordinance says plainly that this is the Lord's day. By their own confession then it belongs to the 