386 SUMPINTIELA. VoL. 10, No. 49. the principles which prevailed in the Dark Ages, and made of civil government a reli-gious despotism, crushing liberty and arrest-ing human progress; and a like despotism will be the result in our land. But there will be some features not seen in the despotisms of those days, for great and rapid changes have taken place in the religious world, and new forces have arisen which will be heard from in the contest for supremacy. At this point let us note some predictions contained in the writings of prophecy. In the thir-teenth chapter of Revelation, beginning at verse 11, we find a prophetic outline of the work of a power which was to be prominent in the last days, as follows :Š And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth ; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great won-ders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men; and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those mira-cles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword and did live. This power is to work " great wonders" in the sight of men; and there is a modern won-der-working agency which had its origin and has attained its greatest development in the United States; namely, Spiritualism,Ša reli- gion, based upon what purport to be commu- nications between the living and the dead, and whose fundamental doctrine,Šthat of the inherent immortality of the soul,Šis held by nearly all Christendom. As the dead are sup-posed to know a great deal more and to pos-sess such greater powers than do the living, it is quite natural that intercourse with them should result in the manifestation of " won-ders,"Šof phenomena beyond our human powers and comprehension. The culmination of all this is to be reached in the visible performance of " miracles," and especially in the great wonder of bringing " fire down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men." The words take us mentally back to the days of the prophet Elijah, to that memorable occasion when he appeared before all Israel on the top of Mount Carmel. A great controversy was in progress,Ša great question was to be decided; namely, Who was the true God, Jehovah? or Baal? We quote from the narrative given in the eighteenth chapter of 1 Kings :Š And Elijah came unto all the people, and said, How long halt ye between two opinions ? if the Lord be God, follow him; but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him not a word. Then said Elijah unto the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of the Lord; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men. Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on wood, and put no fire ender: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under. And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the Lord; and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.' So the people did as Elijah said, and the prophets of Baal danced and shouted all day around the bullock on the altar of Baal, and called upon him, and cut themselves with knives; but "there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded." Then Elijah repaired the altar of the Lord, which was broken down, and arranged the sacrifice upon it. "And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, 1 Kings 18: 21-24. and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word. Hear me, 0 Lord, hear me, that this people may know that thou art the Lord God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again. Then the fire of the Lord fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench. And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces; and they said, The Lord, he is God; the Lord, he is God." Thus was decided at that time the question whether Jehovah or Baal was the true God. But that was not the final end of the contro-versy. A like controversy is agitating the religious world to-day; the same question is again before the people ; for while nothing is now heard about " Baal," the religious world is full of a false worship which is in essence the Baal worship of old. " Baal" was a title, not a specific name, and its meaning was " lord " or " possessor," in the language of the ancient idolatrous Can aanites. But there is a particular feature of that idolatry, or Baal worship, which demands our notice. We quote the words of an authority upon this point:Š Baal is, without doubt, a sun-god. . . . He is very frequently called Baal Chamman ; and Cham-man, " hot," is applied to the sun in Hebrew. So, also, Baalbek was called by the Greeks Heliopolis (city of the sun). It is also noticeable that the (-reeks and Romans identified Melkart, the Baal of Tyre, with Heracles (Hercules) the sun-god. At Beth Shemesh (the sun-temple) was there an altar to Baal: and it does not militate against this identification when Baal and the sun are distinguished as separate divinities (2 Kings 23 : 5) ; for Apollos was originally a sun-god, but afterward was distinguished from the sun.' Baal worship was " lord " worship, in the formŠprincipally at leastŠof homage paid to the sun. In other words, they worshiped a god of whom they knew only what is expressed by the title " lord," and of whom the sun was the visible representation. The sun, as chief luminary of the heavens, became natu-rally the chief objective of heathen worship. There was " the venerable day of the sun," to which the Emperor Constantine referred in his notable edict given A. D. 321, while not even professedly a Christian, enjoining rest by those in towns and cities on Sunday. As the knowledge of the true God became lost, his worship became perverted; and there is no difference between perverted or false worship and the worship of a false god. The worship of Jehovah must be " in spirit and in truth." The Saviour said, " In vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." The Israelites in the time of Elijah had in great measure lost the knowledge of the true God, and had drifted naturally into the wor-ship of Baal. There is an institution which points men to the true God, the Creator of heaven and earth. That institution is the " Sabbath of the Lord," which is enjoined upon all men by the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. That commandment says, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." And the reason is given, " for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; where-fore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." But the great majority of those who profess the Christian religion are observers not of the 4  Verses 86-39. Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia of Religious Knowledge, Art. Baal. 6  John 4:24. 7  Matt. 15:9. 8  See Ex. 20: 8-11. seventh day, but of " the venerable day of the sun," albeit they allege for it a professedly Christian reason. But " reasons" count for nothing in justification of worship unless they are given by God himself; and nowhere does his Word furnish us with a reason or command for making Sunday the Sabbath. There is now a conflict, the sound of which is everywhere heard, between the true Sabbath and the false, between the day of the Lord and the day of the sun; and this conflict is fast growing in intensity. There is a question which has been forced upon the attention of statesmen and politicians and the public gen-erally, until it is now almost the leading ques-tion of the day, and that is the question of sabbath (Sunday) observance. And this con-troversy, this question, constitute nothing else than the old issue which in Elijah's day took the form of a contest between Jehovah and Baal. For Sunday observance, while profess-edly a tribute to Christ, is in reality a tribute to that god in whose worship Sunday observ-ance had its origin. And that observance being but a commandment of men, resting only on tradition, can have no place in the worship of the true God, however worthy the motives of those who engage in it. The State is now beginning to take part in this religious controversy. Already Congress has voted (August, 1892) that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the Christian Sabbath; and while the vote was pending, Senator Quay called for and had read before the Senate the fourth commandment, and Senator Hawley and others made speeches calculated to impress the Senate with the idea that such a vote was a matter of divine obli-gation upon them. The State and the Church are fast forming an alliance, by which the Church is to give the State her vote and political influence, in return for legislation which she asks; and what she asks most loudly and persistently is legislation to secure the observance of Sun-day. The seventh-day Sabbath is stated by God himself to be his " sign " between him and his people. " And hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between Me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20: 20. The observers of God's Sabbath point to that observance as the evidence that they are worshipers of the true God. But Sunday observers also claim to be worshipers of the true God. Thus the issue is drawn, and the question of which class are worshipers of the true God is up again for settlement. But not now, as anciently, will it be decided by the miracle of bringing down fire from heaven; for miracles will be wrought in sup-port of error and for the purpose of deceiving " them that dwell on the earth" into support-ing and enforcing the first-day sabbath, and to supply the lack of evidence for the Sunday institution in the Word of God. And among other such "proofs," will be the miracle de-scribed in Rev. 13: 13. Let it be noticed also that Spiritualism is not the only religious power which claims to exhibit wonders through the agency of the dead. The papal church stands conspicuous in making a like claim. She points to many miracles claimed to have wrought by her dead " saints " and certain " relics " of the dead which she places at times on exhibition. And no reader of current news can have failed to note the marked revival of superstition and of belief in the supernatural which is taking place as the result of these exhibitions and claims, and of the work of individuals who manifest what seems to be miraculous powers of healing, and the like. With all this the State will join itself in an alliance with the forces of religion. There 