FEBRUARY 6, 1896. A-1N- 45 desires respecting others. They are perfectly willing that men should be as active as they please on Sunday, provided that activity is directed in religious channels, and for pur-poses they may specify as proper. A chart which would portray the disas-trous effects upon individuals and upon so-ciety of enforced Sunday idleness, would be a much more useful one, and would have a foundation in reality. THE AMBITION OF ROME. ACCORDING to the Catholic Universe, speak-ing of his mission to non-Catholics, "Father" Elliott said, Dec. 13, 1895:Š God has made this nation an arena of religious con-troversy. Here he has thrown a vast number of his children into civic fellowship in order that they may reestablish among themselves religious fellowship. . . . No man knows the joy of being a Catholic till he has made some one else a Catholic. . . . To be broad-minded is a characteristic trait of the one international religion, and to share our good heritage with all our brethrenŠJews and Greeks, bond and freeŠis Catholic generosity. . Ł Ł The time is ripe and the opportunity has arrived for the develop-ment of the apostolic element in the American Church, nor shall we long lack the men to do the good work of converting America. No greater thanks to God can ever be offered by hearts grateful for many favors than to extend the kingdom of his Son until it em-braces the newest and most splendid of the nations of the world, There is but one way to prevent the realiza-tion of this " dream," and that is by the power of the gospel. The same power that nearly four hundred years ago struck the popish fetters from half of Europe is sufficient to-day to withstand the assaults of Rome on this continent. Will the people give it free course? SUNDAY "LAWS" OPPOSED TO PUBLIC POLICY. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] ANYONE who has observed the recent con-tests in reference to compulsory idleness on Sunday in the various States will readily admit that it has a very disquieting effect upon the peace of the community. From the time that the Sunday question entered actively into the political arena in California fifteen years ago, until to-day, the attempted enforcement of Sunday rest has stirred up ill feelings in every place where attempts have been made to force it on the community. In California the ques-tion of the constitutionality of the Sunday statute came before the Supreme Court in 1882. By a majority of one vote the "law " was upheld, and an attempt was made through-out the State to enforce it. The decision of the majority of the court, however, was not approved by the people of the State, but in order to test the question thoroughly it was made the political issue of the elections of 1883. One of the political parties espoused the "law," while the other declared it to be unconstitutional and opposed to public policy. As a result, Sunday stat-utes orno Sunday statutes was the question of the hour. Sunday legislation was argued by the press in all its bearings, and the question probably had never been so thoroughly can-vassed and its nature so well understood by the public before. The party opposing the law on the ground that it was contrary to our constitutions and fundamental law was suc-cessful in the electionŠsuccessful, too, for the first time in many yearsŠand the opposition to Sunday legislation of any kind was victori- ous. As a consequence the Sunday statute was immediately repealed. In Arkansas, a few years later, the clause exempting observers of the seventh day from the penalties imposed upon violators of the Sunday statutes was repealed. Almost imme-diately persecution sprang up in different parts of the State, and the prosecutors went so far as to arrest a minister of the gospel,who believed in the observance of the seventh day as the Sabbath. Of these prosecutions, Judge Williams, of Little Rock, formerly a judge of the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas, said that this law was used so oppressively upon the seventh-day Sabbath Christians that "the Bar of the whole State was shocked." "The judges, as men and lawyers," he declared, "abhorred it." The Bar Association of the State of Arkansas condemned it likewise, declaring that " the system now in force, savoring as it does very much of religious persecution, is a relic of the Middle Ages when it was thought that men could be made orthodox by an act of Parlia- ment." Prominent citizens declared that the indict- ments were malicious in their character and without provocation, and were more for the purpose of religious persecution than proper enforcement of law. In moving for the repeal of the statute, Senator Crockett said :Š " Sir, I take shame to myself as a member of the General Assembly of 1885, which repealed the act of religious protection which this bill is intended to re-store. It was hasty and ill-advised legislation, and, like all such, has been only productive of oppressive persecution upon many of our best citizens, and of shame to the fair fame of our young and glorious State. Wrong in conception, it has proved infamous in execution and under it such ill deeds and foul op-pressions have been perpetrated upon an unoffensive class of free American citizens in Arkansas. for con-science' sake, as should mantel the cheek of every lover of his State and country with indignant shame." The recent persecutions in Tenne-see, Georgia and elsewhere are still fresh in the minds of the SENTINEL'S readers. With all this evidence before one, there can be no question whatever that the attempted enforce-ment of statutes designed to protect certain religious views are clearly opposed to the pub-lic good, and serve no purpose whatever ex-cept the venting of petty spite by the more narrow-minded portion of our citizens. Nor is this result at all surprising. It is only what would be expected when there is an attempt to solve religious questions by the power of the State. These very results were pointed out by Congress sixty years ago, when the national legislature refused to interfere in the question of Sunday observance at the re-quest of the numerous petitions that were sent in by that body. "From the earliest period of time," de-clared the Congress of the United States, " religious teachers have attained great as-cendency over the minds of the people; and in every nation, ancient and modern,whether pagan, Mahometan or Christian, have suc-ceeded in the incorporation of their religious tenets with the political institutions of their country. The Persian idols, the Grecian or-acles, the Roman auguries, and the modern priesthood of Europe, have all, in their turn, been the subject of popular adhlation, and the agents of political deception. If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numer-ous the train of measures which follow, in-volving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience." It would seem that these facts ought to be sufficient to convince people generally that it is better to keep religious questions out of  politics. Religious institutions, if beneficient, are abundantly able to stand upon their own foundations without any assistance of law. The power of true religion is spiritual force. The power of false religion is ph3 sieal force. Any religion or religious institution that ask the aid of the State is, to that extent at least, a false religion. All attempts, therefore, to enforce any religions doctrine or institution is opposed to the public good, and should be set aside by the courts accordingly. Any law which tends to engender strife among peaceable citizens, and to bring dik cord and controversy where order would otherwise be, is opposed to public policy. The general welfare demands that laws shall promote peace and good order in society; and when they de-feat this end they are opposed to the funda-mental principles upon which government is founded, and for that reason the courts are abundantly justified in setting them aside as opposed to good order and the general welfare of the community. These laws are clearly opposed to the well-defined constitutional pro-visions in the various states, but even in the absence of such provision, they would still be void, as tending to disrupt and disorganize the peace of the body politic. A VOICE FROM SOUTH AMERICA. BY D. FRANCISCO CORTIS. IN the AMERICAN SENTINEL of New York, under date of Nov. 28, 1895, I notice a re-quest from the Catholic Review for light upon the laws of South American countries concern-ing religious liberty. While I am not a Methodist, I am interested in religious liberty, and firmly believe that every man is responsible to God alone for his belief in matters of religion. Therefore, in the brief space allotted, I will try to let one ray of light shine upon this subject from the Republic of Colombia. The authority which I shall give is the constitution of the repub-lic, as published in the scientific commentary of Jose Maria Samper, which is used as a text book in the law schools of the republic. The comments made upon these articles of the con-stitution are the accepted ideas and teachings on the subject under consideration. In arti-cle 38 we read :Š The Apostolic Roman Catholic religion is the one of the nation. The government shall protect and cause it to be respected as the essential element of social order. It being understood that the Catholic Church is not, nor shall be, the official church ; it shall re-main independent. The understanding of this article is briefly stated thus: "The nation unquestionably de-clares its profession of the Apostolic Roman Catholic religion; and, because of this, the government shall protect and cause it to be respected. This protection and respect are inherent qualities due to that religion, it being the essential element of social order; and further, it being clearly understood that the Catholic Church is not, nor shall be, the official church, it shall retain its inde-pendence." Only a glance at the foregoing will show any candid mind that there is no room left for a single principle of civil or religious liberty. Civil government exists for the purpose of maintaining " social order." The Catholic Church is declared to be the "essential" ele-ment in the social order of the republic; therefore it follows that any doctrine, idea, or principle not in accord with the doctrines, ideas and principles of that church, are pro-ductive of social disorder, and the State must 