A, IVILL...11,T. CAIN' N Two VoL. 10. No. 3. the Sabbath was made; and the second scripture declares that the Lord Jesus, who was in the beginning with the Father, made all things that were made in the beginning Ł hence, the Lord made the Sabbath day, and is therefore, rightfully Lord of the Sabbath day or Lord's day. He it was who labored six days and rested the seventh day; "wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Now, having shown that the Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath day, I call your attention to Luke 23:56, to show which day of the seven is the Sabbath or Lord's day. Judge.ŠPlease wait a moment, Mr. Gibson. Clerk, will you bring me the Bible ? (After securing the court-room Bible, and blowing the dust from its covers) Mr. Gibson, what was your first reference ? G.ŠMark 2: 27, 28. Judge.Š(After finding the text)ŠGo on, Mr. Gibson. .G.ŠI was about to read Luke 23: 54-56. The text reads as follows : " And that day was the preparation, and the Sabbath drew on. And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid. And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the Sabbath day according to the com-mandment. Now (next verse, chap. 24, verse 1) upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them." The text first quoted states that the Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath. This text states that " the Sabbath day according to the commandment" is the day which precedes the first day of the; week. The Son of man is therefore Lord of the day which precedes the first day of the week, and that day is the Sabbath or seventh day of the week. Therefore the only day which the Son of man declares himself the Lord of, is the seventh day of the week and not the first day, hence the seventh day of the week, or the day pre-ceding the first , day of the week, is the Lord's day. Your honor,I would like to ask you if the law by which I am prosecuted, relative to the Lord's day, is not based upon the fourth precept of the Decalogue ? Judge.ŠI question your right to ask the court such a question. G.ŠYour honor, I do not insist upon your answering it, but would regard the answer as a personal favor. Judge.ŠWell, I presume that it is. G.ŠWell, then, your honor, we will presume that the law is based on the fourth commandment, which says: " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Now, your honor, all civil law, not only in tkis country, but in all countries, recognizes Sunday as the first day of the week; therefore Saturday, the world over, is the seventh day of the week. And, according to the testimony of Christ, as read from the New Testament, Satur-day, the seventh day of the civil law of the commonwealth of Massachusetts and of all the countries of the world, is the Lord's day, a memorial of the creative power of Jesus Christ. The defendant is, therefore, according to the Lord's book, not guilty of keeping open shop on the Lord's day. It is admitted that the scriptures which I have read were written thirty years of ter  the resurrection of the Lord; therefore, the Holy Spirit which the Lord promised to send, and did send, to lead men into all truth, after he ascended to his Father, and which indicted the scriptures quoted, teaches, thirty years after the ascension of the Lord, and still teaches to-day, that the seventh day of the weekŠthe day preced-ing the first day of the weekŠis the Lord's day, according to the fourth precept of the Decalogue. The command relative to the Sabbath regulates the Christian's duty every day in every weekly cycle in every year; in fact, it regulates the duty of man every day of his life : and the command, " Six days shalt thou labor," is just as explicit as the command to rest the seventh day. Civil law cannot regulate the duties en-joined by the first four precepts of the law. These precepts enjoin duties which can be rendered to God only, and defendant is accountable alone to God for the man-ner in which he observes the fourth com-mandment. Your honor, I claim the divine right of dissent, and therefore deny the right of the pope of Rome, the czar of Russia, the president of the United States, or the mayor of the city of Everett, to prescribe for me my religious duty. All I ask, as a free-born American citizen, and as a man, is the free exercise of my civil and religious right to worship God according to the dictates of my own conscience. I deny the right of the magistrate to compel me to observe the first day of the week, and thereby deprive me of one-sixth of my time in which to earn my living. I have observed the Sabbath since 1878, previous to which time I kept Sunday. I require no civil law to enable me to keep 'the seventh day, and every one around me exercises his right to keep Sunday and labor on Saturday; and no man disturbs me in keeping Saturday. I disturb no man on Sunday or on any other day, and no man thus accuses me. All I ask is the free exercise of my right to worship Him who said, " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath," and the-  right to labor six days, according to the dictates of my own conscience, so long as I domot actually disturb my neighbors. Your honor, I have not interfered with any natural or constitutional right of my neighbors, and I am not guilty of keeping open shop on the Lord's day. And I trust you will so decide. The court fined Mr. Gibson fifty dollars and costs; but remarked that he would not attempt to defend his decision except to cite a precedent of a higher court. Mr. Gibson appealed his case, and it should have been tried ere this; but for political and other reasons, the case is still pend-ing, although Mr. Gibson, who is a poor man, has repeatedly demanded a trial in the interests of himself and his business. Ł #  Ł  The. Papacy in Europe. THE prestige and power of the papacy is rapidly growing in other countries as well as in the United States, and in those very countries too that have always been supposed to be particularly Protestant. Germany and 'Switzerland are the two countries in which the Reformation worked with the greatest power and -took the strongest hold, and yet in a single number of the CathOlic Standard, Dec. 23, 1894, we find three items which show that prac- tically both of these countries are under Roman Catholic control once more. We reprint all three of them, for the situation which they present is worthy the sober consideration of all. Here is the first one:Š Once more the Center or Catholic party holds the balance of power in the German parliament, and most properly announces that in the coming struggle over the anti-Socialist bill they will use that power to a two-fold purpose. Unless the Falk laws are wholly repealed so as to allow the Jesuits to come back in full standing, they will defeat the measure in any form ; and even if this just concession be granted to them, they will not support the bill in its present drag-net form, but will insist on its bein g amended so as to make it bear at least the semblance of fair play and regard for constitutional rights. Thus once more do Catholics stand out prominently as the champions of true liberty and equal rights for all. Another one, the complement of this, is as follows :-- It would certainly be noteworthy were Prince Hohenlohe to be the instrument in wiping out the last trace of the Bismarck-Falk anti-Catholic laws Łin Germany. When they were enacted, and thus called into existence the powerful Center Party, he, though a practical Catholic, held aloof and failed to identify himself with the Catholic movement that has won such glorious fame. But now that he is chancellor, in succession to the real author of those laws, he finds himself in need of the Catholic vote in order to be able to enact the anti-Socialist bill into a law. Without it the measure is doomed to defeat, and accordingly there would be good reason for supposing the report to be well founded that the new chancellor has offered valuable inducements to the Catholics in return for their support. Time brings its revenges. With a Catholic party in the German parliament, that is able to dictate legisla-tion and force the acceptance of its will; and with a Catholic Chancellor of the empire who is one with it in spirit and ready to play into its hands politically, it is evident enough that the papacy once more has control of Germany. As to Switzerland, the pointer 'is as follows :Š The country that, over twenty years ago, most closely followed the example of, and even sometimes surpassed, Germany in waging the famous " Cultur-kampf " war against the Catholic Church, was Switz-erland; and the imitation seems to be kept up. Last month a Catholic, even though he be but a " Liberal " one, became chancellor of what Bismarck wanted to make the Protestant empire of the world; and last week a Catholic, and a staunch one, Dr. Zemp, of Lucerne, was elected president of the Swiss republic. This is truly a wondrous world. We may yet hear of Signor Crispi restoring the temporal power of the pope! Yes, this is a wondrous world indeed. And in view of the situation as thus re-vealed, it is pertinent to ask whether the Reformation was indeed a mistake. The papacy once had control of these countries. Was that control such a bless-ing that it is above all things to be desired again ? If so, Glen assuredly her claim is justified--that the Reformation was so entirely an uncalled-for thing as not to deserve in any sense the title of " Refor-mation," but, on the contrary, should be condemned as an unwarranted and mis-chievous innovation. But if, as is the fact, the control of these countries by the papacy before, was, as it always is in any country, a constant blight and a withering curse, it cannot possibly be anything else now; and therefore the Reformation was called for, and was in every sense a proper and righteous thing. And the Reformation being a proper and a righteous thing when it delivered these countries from the domination of the papacy; and now these countries being once more dominated by the papacy; it follows that the people of these countries are more imbued with the principles of the papacy than with the principles of the 