AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 153 zens of the United States; nor shall any state . . . deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal pro-tection of the laws" (Amendments, Article 14, Sec. 1); and also, "The right of the citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States, or by any State, on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude" (Article 15, Sec. 1). The full significance of this disfranchising measure can not be appreciated without remembering that negro enfranchisement was one of the important fruits of the Civil War; and that no greater single step than their disfranchisement could be taken in the direction of a return to the conditions existing before that war was fought. * * ALL this only emphasizes the fact that the white race in America is no longer disposed to deal with those of different color in the spirit of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. The news from North Car-olina harmonizes perfectly with that from Manila. While the nation is acquiring subjects abroad, it is quite con-sistently making subjects at home. * * REPUBLICANISM as it is in France, with its great bur-den of militarism, is illustrated by the following facts and figures relative to the daily mail of the French pres-ident. The average number of letters sent daily to this individual at the Elyge is 700. Of these, 250 are beg-ging letters, 150 petitions on criminal affairs, 100 peti-tions from criminals, 100 complaints against various functionaries, 80 anonymous insulting letters, and 20 containing threats of assassination. AT Buffalo, there is to be held in the year 1901 a "Pan-American Exposition," and the question has been discussed whether or not it shall be open on Sundays. This question came up recently in the State Senate at Albany, in connection with the consideration of the bill providing for an exposition incorporation and appro-priating money for a State building. Senator Raines, of Raines law-hotel fame, who announced recently an inten-tion of showing certain of the people that "there is a God in Israel," offered an amendment to the bill provid-ing for Sunday closing. But his amendment was voted down, and the bill, containing no provision against Sun-day opening, was passed by forty votes against four. Thus the New York State Senate has placed itself on record against this form of Sunday legislation. * AT a banquet in Boston not long ago Rear-Admiral Sampson gave it as his opinion without qualification, that the increase in territory subject to American au-thority outside of the Union, will increase the chances of  the United States for war at least one hundred per cent.; and asserted that the navy must be increased in the same proportion. There is no exaggeration, certainly, in this statement; for between attacking the American continent, and attacking some distant outlying Ameri-can island, the difference is more than a hundred per cent. in favor of the latter. Sooner or later the people of the United States will be made to realize the full meaning and cost of maintaining isolated possessions across the sea under the very shadow of the war clouds of Europe. A Hearing on the California Sunday Bill. A DETERMINED effort is being made by the forces that stand for compulsory Sunday observance in this coun-try, to swing the great State of California into line with other States of the Union, in the matter of Sunday legis-lation. For a number of years, as probably most of our readers know, California has had no Sunday law. This fact has been a sharp thorn in the side of the Sunday-law party, and the repairing of this breach in the legal wall they hope to build around the nation, has been a purpose constantly kept in view. After repeated efforts which have met with failure, they have this year suc-ceeded in getting a bill for a Sunday law before the State legislature, a hearing on which was granted February 10. As this effort will, if successful, have an important effect upon the Sunday-law movement in general, and as a very determined effort is being made to insure its success, the outlook in California is one of more than usual interest for the friends of religious freedom. From a California paper we copy the following report of the bearing given on this bill:Š " The principal speaker in favor of the bill, a wellclergyman of California, presented no new argu-ment, but placed particular stress upon the idea that this proposed Sunday law is in the interest of the laborer. He presented the oft-repeated statements that employers are very exacting of those they employ, requiring them in many instances to work full seven days in the week. And what is wanted, so he said, is a law that will compel these employers of labor to give their hands one day of rest in seven. "Another point he made quite prominent is the fact that California is the only State in the Union without a Sunday law, and he thought that this State should follow the example of the others. " When he was concluding his remarks the chairman asked him if it was intended that this law would stop the railroads and street-cars on Sunday. '0, no,' replied the speaker, 'it is a settled fact that the railroads, the street-cars, and many large manufacturing and mining establishments have to run seven days in the week! These things would come under the works of necessity that must be done on all days of the week alike,' "A few reflections upon the foregoing statements 