"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 2, 1899. NUMBER 43. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. laerAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit, (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) Im doesn't hurt anybody to be hit hard by the -truth. .4 .4 GOD has all might, but he never makes might the arbiter of right. .4 .4 A Sunday law cannot be separated from the idea of a religious monopoly. IN the light of the Golden Rule you will be able to see further and clearer than in any other. Im is hard to arouse conscience in even the best of men by an appeal based on nothing better than tradi-tion. .1t THE workingman ought to rest on the Sabbath; that is what God says. But God also says that he should rest from a religious motive, and that "whatso-ever is not of faith is sin." ot <it THE civil power can at most furnish the church with no better support than a crutch; and the church in call-ing for and using civil power only proclaims herself a cripple. The divine plan is that the church, through faith shall be strengthed within herself so that she will be as strong as -God himself to resist and overcome spiritual foes. As AN evil principle is the deadly enemy of the man who holds to it, to attack such a principle is no evidence of an unfriendly feeling toward the man, or of lack of charity, but quite the reverse. IF force can properly take the place of individual preference in religion, it can properly do the same in all secular affairs; since temporal affairs are of far less moment in any case than are those of eternity and of the soul. But arbitrary force in secular affairs is every-where recognized as despotic and opposed to the rights of the people. To compel the conscience in any matter, thereforeŠas in the matter of Sabbath restŠis an act of despotism, and he who upholds it should be ready to apologize for or to justify despotism in all its other forms. Moral Reform Not Political. Im is a fact made plain in many ways at the present time that the churches of the land are aiming to secure moral reforms through politics. They think by this means to advance the cause of the kingdom of Christ, and have visions of an approaching millennium of right-eousness and peace which these moral reforms are to usher in. But it ought to be plain from a brief survey of the situation and of the principles involved, that no such reform, by such means, is possible. The political field is occupied by two leading parties. These parties hold the political power of the nation, and they are in the nature of things permanent parties. There are and have been many smaller parties, but these have been short-lived and have accomplished nothing beyond an occasional turning of the tide of success from one of the two leading parties to the other. They have made no impression at all in the direction of transfer-ring the political power of the country to a new party. It is a foregone conclusion to-day, and has been for gen- 