70 A1k/E11111EC.A.N SIMNT9r9IN11-4.1-4. Von. 10, No. 9. heaven and earth are repeating His sweet words: Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you-  rest.' Matt. 11:28: "" Whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.' John 14:13. " If ye shall ask anything in my name, I will do it.' John 14: 11. " If a man love me, he will keep my words : and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.' John 14: 23. " I am the vine, ye are the branches.' 'Abide in me, and I in you.' John 15:4, 5. " And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.' John 12:32. "From the day I gave up the pope to follow Christ I have found more and more every day that the greatest joys, the greatest happiness in this world were to love and serve him. I have kept myself, then, united to him with all the faculties of my heart and my soul, as being my only light, my only strength, my only wisdom, and I have always found him true to his promises. "But when I found that it was good to be united to that mighty and merciful Friend in the days of prosperity, I have found that. it was still more my interest to be united to him in the days of trial through which I had to pass. He was my shield when I was at-tacked by the thousands of assassins whom you, or your priests, have so often sent to take away my life, either with their pistols, or with their murderous sticks, or with their sharp stones. " When these stones were falling upon me as hail on a stormy day, in the streets of Mont-real, Quebec, Halifax, Charlottetown, Anti-gonish, Ottawa, etc., I was throwing myself into the arms of that mighty and loving Friend, I was pressing myself on his heartŠand I felt secure as a little child when in his loving mother's arms. I was invoking his all mighty name, and it seemed I was seeing his merciful arms around me to protect me. I was hearing his sweet voice telling me, 'Fear not, for I am with thee!' And when I was escaping from my would-be murderers' hands, bruised, wounded, bleeding, I felt happy for having suffered something for the sake of that beloved Saviour who, on the cross, had shed his blood for me. " But it was when I was attacked by the last terrible sickness that I felt the necessity of having that mighty and merciful Friend near me as my physician. With Peter I cried, Lord, save me.' And you can come and see with what merciful and mighty hand he has come to my help and cured me! " You may imagine my surprise and my sadness when, in that very time, I saw your priests and priestesses coming to tell me that I was out of the way of salvation, and that I was to be damned if I would not come back to the church of Rome of which you are a bishop. " For, what had these priests of Rome to give me to take the place of that divine Friend and Physician, Jesus the Son of God, that I might forget that he was my only hope, my only life, my only Saviour, my only refuge ? What did they offer me to prevent me from saying with Paul, I do not want to know any other but Jesus and Him crucified' ? They had nothing but a few rags, called scap-ulars, and some small idols of copper, iron and silver, probably found in the crumbling re-mains of the temples of Venus, Minerva, Bac-chus and Jupiter! " Yes! what had your priests to give me that I might forget and forsake that dear 'Saviour Jesus, whose presence in my heart was, very often, making me so happy that I  was not only forgetting my terrible sufferings, but was changing those sufferings into feelings of unspeakable joy ? They had to offer me a little god, only about an inch in diameter, made with a little flour baked by their servant girls between two heated irons. " Be not surprised, then, if I have ordered those ambassadors of Rome out of doors with the utmost indignation! " C. CHINIQuic." ŠConverted Catholic for February. SILENCING THE ECHO OF THE REFORMATION. THE Protestant bishops seem to be far superior men to the clergy under their charge. A few weeks ago we Chronicled the rebuke administered by Bishop Potter, of New York, to the Churchman. In another place in this issue we quote Bishop Hurst's opinion on immigration. Both of these statements were from Americans, but we notice that in Edin-burgh another Protestant bishop has repri-manded one of his diocesans for intemperate statements concerning Catholics. The Rev. Dr. Teape, incumbent of St. Andrew's Epis-copal Church, Edinburgh, a member of the extreme Evangelical Party, at a recent meeting of the Irish Society, assured his hearers that " the Roman Catholic has no Saviour, no Bible, no heaven." The bishop at once took Dr. Teape to task, and the reverend gentleman in reply made a lame and impotent attempt to defend his assertion, with the result that the bishop again wrote to him as follows: " The words, as they appeared in the report, seemed to me so monstrous an outrage upon truthŠnot to say charityŠthat it was impossible for me to pass over in silence such a statement made by a clergyman holding a responsible position as an incumbent in the diocese. Some correspondence has since passed between us, but the upshot (and I deeply regret it) is only that you acknowledge the accuracy of the re-port, and attempt by argument to justify your words. I cannot enter into discussion but must content myself with simply, as your bishop, severely censuring the employment of such language, and expressing my sorrow that you could have allowed yourself to be betrayed into making a public charge so base and so offensive." By this manly letter Dr. Dowden not only gives proof of his love of honesty in controversy, but does honor to himself and to his church.ŠThe Monitor (Roman Catholic), February 2. SIGNIFICANT PARAGRAPHS. [We publish under this heading news items bearing on the subjects discussed in the SENTINEL, and para-graphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the perti-nent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] The Latest Sunday Bill. THERE is an epidemic of reform legislation sweeping over the legislatures of the several States. It assumes all the symptoms of a deep-seated malady in some of them and the out-come of it threatens to be the resurrection and rehabilitation of many of the Blue Laws which have made Connecticut a byword and reproach among the enlightened people of the country. The most virulent outbreak of the epidemic occurred in Missouri last week when a mem-ber from one of the lower counties gave notice that he would introduce a bill abolishing tall theater hats, prohibiting barter and sale of every kind and forbidding the playing of base-ball, football, and cards on the first day of the  week. This aroused a storm among the mem-bers of the legislature from-St. Louis and Se7  dalia arid they severally noticed as Many billg forbidding the playing of marbles, leap-frog, and other nursery, games, and proscribing rid-ing, driving, smiling and kissing on Sunday: One of the members of the upper house, to add to the absurdity of the situation, gave notice of this bill and moved its adoption as a substitute for all pending billg :Š SECTION 1. It is a sin To steal a pin,' Or shave a chin, on Sunday. SECTION 2. l\To one shall smile, Or think of guile, Or wicked wile, On Sunday. SECTION 3. 1V'o one shall kiss, A Wife or miss, Or taste of bliss, On Sunday. He thinks that this , cover everything desired by 'the reformers and check the Spread of the Opidemic.-Detreit Journal, Feb. 18. Good News for Cotton Mather. Now that the government of the great State of New York has brought its power to bear for the punishment of a wretch who was de-tected in the heinous crime of selling, ear-muffs on Sunday with the thermometer at zero, word ought to be got to Cotton Mather that the millennium is coming at last in what was once Stuyvesant's ungodly village.ŠThe World, Feb. 18. France Clings to the Chilreh; Deputies Reject Measures to Suppress the Public Worship Ministry and Separate Church and State. PARIS, Feb. 16.ŠIn the Chamber of Depu-ties this afternoon M. Chauvin offered a reso-lution to abolish the public worship budget. It was defeated by a vote of 379 to 111. The object of the resolution, of course, was to do away with the Ministry of Public Wor-ship by cutting off the appropriation for its support. M. Faure then introduced a bill for the separation of Church and State. M. Ribot, the Premier, declared that the enactment of such a measure would threaten the peace of the country. The bill was rejected by a vote of 305 to 205ŠThe World, Feb. 17. Personal Liberty in Chicago. ON the fifteenth day of December, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-four, and of the Independence of the United States the one hundred and nineteenth, there was legally organized in the county of Cook, Illinois, a corporation entitled the " Chicago Personal Liberty Association," its object being to promote the cause of personal liberty and to defend this cause from attacks from all sources. The management of this association is vested in a board of five directors, to be elected annually. Is it extraordinary that after one hundred and nineteen years of national independence, five earnest men meet to organize for self-preservation ? Is it still more extraordinary that this league is gaining membership so fast as to warrant the belief that in a few months fifty thousand names will be enrolled ? The 