AMERICAN SENTINEL. 483 an reader a vast own art director, 237 octavo pages, 00 25 6o HELPS TO THE STUDY OF THE -41BOOK : OF : GENESIS. -44m5-4Q-cafrcioŁciteGJQ'cit. ckca.- TDB following publications are invaluable as HELPS to the STUDY of the BOOK OF GENESIS, and should be in the library of every home:Š International Sabbath School Quarteriy No. 13ŠLessons on the Book of Genesis. Price 5 cents. Patriarchs and Prophets; or the Great Conflict between Good and Evil, as illustrated in the Lives of Holy Men of Old. By Mrs. E. G. White. This book treats upon the themes of Bible historyŠthemes not in themselves new, but so presented here as to give them a new significance. Beginning with the re-bellion in heaven, the author shows why sin was permitted, why Satan was not destroyed, and why man was tested, gives ,a thrill-ing description of man's temptation and fall. and rehearses the plan of redemption devised for his salvation. The life of each of the patriarchs, from Adam to Ring David is carefully scanned, and from each a lesson is drawn. English cloth, emblematical design in jet and gold, marbled edges, $2.25 Fine English cloth. emblematical design in jet and gold, gold edges  2.75 Library style, full sheep, combed marbled edges,  3.00 Half morocco, gilt edges  3.50 Full turkey morocco. gold side and back, gold edges, extra finish, 4.50 Also published in Danish, Swedish, German, Dutch, and Spanish at same prices. Foreign editions are not bound in half morocco. The Gospel in Creation. Cloth,  $0.40 Board,    0.25 Thoughts from the Mount of Blessing. Cloth, gold side stamp,  0.75 Half calf,  1.00 Sacred Chronology and Peopling of the Earth. By S. Bliss. A new and revised edition of a little work published about forty years ago, giving the chronology from creation to the death of the Apostle. John. Also "The Peopling of the Earth; or Historical Notes on the 10th Chapter of Genesis," by A. T. Jones. A valuable reference book. 12mo, 298 pages. Cloth,  1.00 Sheep,  1.50 Morocco,  L75 You cannot afford to lose the help these books can give. De-  During the time the Sabbath Schools are studying the Book of Genesis, we will make a reduction on these books of one fourth, sending them postpaid on receipt of three fourths of the above prices. For complete list of our publications, send to us for our 1898 Catalogue. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. The Story of Redemption By ELDER wILLIAri COVERT Now Ready We have just issued a subscription book which we believe will be of general interest to our readers. Its title is " The Story of Re-demption." The author has dealt with the subject of redemp-  tion through Christ in original way, which invites the closest attention. The chapters on the Giving of the Law, and the Sanctuary and its Services, open to the storehouse of precious truth. The illustrations have been prepared under the supervision of our and form an appropriate setting for the riches of the text. It contains exclusive of four full-page color engravings, and is bound in Cloth, with emblematical cover design, colored edges - $1 Cloth, with emblematical cover design, aluminum title, gold edges, Canvassing outfit Liberal terms to good representatives. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co. 1059 CASTRO STREET 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY 18 WEST 5m STREET OAKLAND, CAL. KANSAS QTY, MO. 