332 AMERICAN SENTINEL.. Breaking the " Sabbath " to Stop " Sabbath Breaking." New York "World," May 18. JOSEPH FINK, of Nanuet, was on his way to church last Sunday, when he saw Farmer Farrell ploughing in his field. "Why, Brother Farrell," he said, "working on the sabbath ?" "Yes," said the worker, "been delayed by the pesky rains, and got to get things under ground, you know." Brother Fink forgot about church, and ran off to Justice Haerle's to get a warrant. Justice Haerle issued it and Constable Snyder served, it, all on the sabbath. Brother Farrell was fined $5 for breaking Section 263 of the Penal Code, and Brother Fink felt as good as if he had heard a bushel of sermons. Miss B., a bright young lady of Šville, had become convinced that Scripture requires the observance of the seventh day of the week, instead of the first day, as the Sabbath; but the Rev. Mr. C., pastor of the Church of the Venerable Tradition, very lucidly showed her that not any specific day, but only a seventh part of time,Šany one day in sevenŠwas all the commandment requires to be observed. Meeting her one day shortly after, he said:Š "Good morning, Mary; I hear you are married now." "Yes; I married one of Mr. Brown's sons," was the reply. "Mr. Brown has a fine family of sonsŠseven of them, I believe. Which one did you marry?" ' "Oh, no one in particular; I just married one seventh of them," said Mary, while her eyes twinkled. "OhŠahŠyesŠI see, I see," gasped the discomfited pastor, as he resumed his walk.ŠGospel Sickle. The Strength of a Nation. "New York Observer," May 13. THE true strength of a nation, or of a society, is never determinable by rough mass measurements, or long in-surable against lapse and loss if, after the manner of Asiatic despotisms, the few are allowed to treat the many as though they were their natural born or accidentally subjugated serfs. Power in the last analysis is personal rather than popular. That nation alone can survive in history where the individual factor stands out sharp and clear. . . . Virtue in bulk, and piety by proxy, will not do. Not any number of serfs, howsoever many they be, make nations, make fames, make histories, but only intelligent, self-assertive freemen. We cannot calculate from any amount of corraled cattle. The real unit is the man, not the mass. Historic totals are footed up begin_ fling with the lowest-written integers, and if any ciphers are admitted to Time's enduring columns, it is not the  ciphers which take precedence of, but those which follow after the human units. The man is the measure of man-kind. Keeping God's Commandments, BY C. H. KESLAKE. To know God and Jesus Christ is to keep the corn-commandments That this is true will be evident by reading John 17:3: "And this is life eternal that they might know thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent;" and Matt. 19:16, 17: "And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life? And he said unto him . . . If thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments." Not only is this true, but the keeping of the com-mandments is evidence that one knows God. Proof. 1 John 2:3: "And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments." Not that one knows God as the result of keeping the commandments, but that he keep the commandments as the result of knowing God. It is the bounden duty, apart from the idea of its being a blessed privilege, of every man to "fear God, and keep his commandments." It is because of failure to do this that sin and iniquity abound on every hand and in every conceivable form. Jesus Christ came into this world with the boundless love of God in his heart, to so reveal the Father that He might bring people to recognize Him and render a willing obedience to His will. Every word and act on the part of Jesus was with this supreme end in view. In doing this he went forth relying wholly upon God, and trusting in the arm of the Infinite. In the hearts of all who should yield themselves to Christ there would be implanted that which would not only enable them to, love God with all their heart, but also love their neighbors as themselves. This would not only make them good Christians, but would also make them good citizens, rendering honor to whom honor is due, tribute to whom tribute, always remembering that the "powers that be are ordained of God." Christ worked always and only in harmony with prin-ciples, the recognition of which would contribute to the stability of any governmentŠeven the principles of the government of God. It is because these principles are not recognized that the governments of earth are not enduring,Šor rather, had these principles alway been recognized, there never would have been but one governmentŠthat of God, ex-tending throughout all creation. As the principles taught and preached by Jesus Christ are not recognized by the governments of earth, and only through these can the stability of any government be 