"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, AU-GUST 2, 1894. NUMBER 31.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY I3Y THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. TONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. A. F. BALLENGER, - - THERE is just one more scripture, in the same line discussed last week, that we will notice in connection with the present order of things in this country and the world. THIS is the word spoken by the Lord himself, when he was upon the earth, in answer to the question by his disciples as to what should be the sign of his coming and the end of the world. He answered as follows : " There shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." Luke 21:25, 26. THE signs in the sun, and in the moon, and the stars, have long been in the past. The sun was to be darkened, and the moon to be turned to blood, and the stars were to fall from heaven, before the great and terrible day of the Lord should come. Joel 2:31; 32; Rev. 6: 12-17. These signs in the sun and moon were fulfilled in the wonderful dark day of 1780.* In Novem-ber, 1833, the word was fulfilled which said the stars should fall from heaven, " even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs when she is shaken of a mighty wind."f THESE signs are then long in the past, and from them it is evident that we aro nearing the coming of the Lord. But there: are other signs mentioned which are * Dark Day, The, May 10, 1780, so called on account of a re-markable darkness on that day, extending over all New Eng-land. In some places p rsons could not see to lead common print in the open air for several hours together. The true cause of this remarkable phenomenon is not known.ŠWeb-ster's Unabridged Dictionary, in Explanatory and Pro-nouncing Vocaulary, art., Dark Day. The night succeeding that clay (May 19, 1780) was of such pitchy darkness that in some instances horses could not be com-pelled to leave the stable when wanted for service.ŠStone's History of Beverly (Mass). t But the most sublime phenomenon of shooting stars, of which the world has furnished any record, was witnessed throughout the United States on the morning of the 13th of November 1833. The entire extent of this astonishing exhibi-tion has not been precisely ascertained; but it covered no in-considrrable portion of the earth's surface.ŠBurritt's Geog-raphy of the Heavens, p. Ad, ed. .185k. nearer to us than thoseŠsigns that are even right around us, and so persistently thrust before our eyes and upon our atten-tion that it is impossible not to see them. There is upon the earth to-day such dis-tress of nations with perplexity as never has been before. Nations have been distressed before, but not so greatly dis-tressed, nor with perplexity. An indi-vidual of a nation may be distressed and may be able to see and find a way of escape; but when either an individul or a nation is not only distressed but per-plexed, then there is no knowing which way to turn. Each thing that is resorted to, to relieve the distress, only increases the perplexity. And this is precisely the condition in which the nations, as nations, and as governments, are to-dayŠthrough fear of war, through financial distress, through socialistic threats, and anarchistic explosions. IN view of all these things, and others which have been mentioned, men's hearts are now, as never before, failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming upon the earth. All these things are before us and around us. They have all come to pass and are here, and the very next thing that the Saviour mentions is this, " The powers of heaven shall be shaken. And then, shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory." Luke 21 : 26, 27. So- that after these there is no other sign given us of the coming of the Lord. For the shaking of the powers of heaven occurs in immediate connection with the coming of the Lord, so that this is not, in itself, a sign of the coming of the Lord, but is the convulsion of nature itself at the coming of the Lord. So that it is a literal truth that every sign which the Saviour gave in this list of signs of his coming, is either far in the past or is now passing before the eyes of all the people upon the earth. The next thing is the coming of the Lord himself. THE Saviour comments upon this and says: " And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh." Luke 21:28. " So likewise ye when ye shall see all these things, know that it [margin "he "] is near, even at the  doors." Matt. 24 : 33. So that when the signs in the sun, and in the moon, and stars began to appear, then redemption drew nigh. Now, when we see not only that the signs in the sun, moon, and stars are all long in the past, but that the distress of nations with perplexity, the sea and waves roaring, and men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things that are coming upon the earth, are passing in the presence of all the peopleŠnow, we know that he is near, even at the doors. Ł AND this is the answer which the Lord has given to that question which every man is asking his neighbor,ŠWhat do these things mean ? The word of God says that these things mean that the har-vest is ripe, that the end is near, that the coming of the Lord draweth nigh. And his counsel to all the people is, therefore, " Get ready ! get ready ! get ready ! " " Stablish your hearts," " Sanctify the Lord of hosts himself ; . . . and he shall be for a sanctuary ; " " Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning; and ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will re-turn from the wedding; that when be cometh, and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately." Luke 12: 35, 36. " For the Son of man is as a man taking a far journey, who left his house, and gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work, and commanded the porter to watch. Watch ye therefore: for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or in the morning: lest com-ing suddenly he find you sleeping. And what I say unto you I say unto all, WATCH." Mark 13 : 34-37. NOR does the Lord leave men to them-selves in this all-important matter of getting ready for his coming. He himSelf will fully prepare every soul for this great and glorious event, who will surrender himself to the Lord and to the working of his divine will. He has predestinated man to be conformed to the image of his Son. To this end he has called all men. Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together ; who hath declared this from ancient time ? who hath told it from that time ? have not I the Lord? and there is no God else beside me; a just - EDITORS. , ASSISTANT EDITOR. 