A. LITERARY WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket library. 45,800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand words. More than thisŠthe same covers contain Four Other Com- plete ,Books  A GAZETEERŠPARLIAMENTARY MANUALŠEXPERT CALCULATORŠLITERARY GUIDE. Condensation without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ Ł,COLUMBIAN WORD BUILDER." Bound in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, Ł . .50 WITH SENTINEL, one year, . $1.25 The Gospel Primers A BOOK FOR THE CHILDREN. Contains 160 pages of matter, which will interest the old as well as the young. There are thirty-three full-page illustra-tions, which, in themselves, teach many gospel truths. The book has been re-written, and such additions have been made as it was thought would be of profit to its readers. Con-siderable prominence and much thought have been given the WORD-METHOD DEPARTMENT. It is not only desirable that the child should learn to read well in as few lessons as possible, but it is of greater import-ance that the mind should be developed spiritually while thus engaged. In the twenty-two pages devoted to this method, the child may learn to revere its Maker, and to love all for whom the Saviour gave his life. Such lessons, so early learned, are not easily forgotten. With the words which have been taught in the word-method, a short story has been written on the Creation. A few new words are introduced in this account of God's work in the be-ginning, and a practical lesson is taught of the power, wisdom, and stability of God's word. The same style and purpose is carried out in writing on other subjects. The aim is to keep the mind upon the things of Cod while teaching the child to read, and thus lead him to remem-ber his Creator in the days of his youth. The book has been enlarged by the addition of thirty-two pages of valuable matter. It is a most desirable book for teaching, as well as a pleasant and attractive feature of the home. It is beautifully illustrated, printed on fine paper, and bound in heavy board, with handsome design in colors. Ł REGULAR PRICE OF BOOK, - - - .35 WITH SENTINEL, one year, - - $1.15 His Glorious Appearing. An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full-page illustrations. The work takes rip Christ's great prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, - .25 With Sentinel, one year, Š $ 1 Ł 10 In the Heart of the Sierras By Col. J. M. Hutchings. The most authentic and intensely interesting description of the Yosemite Valley and Big Tree Groves of California ever written. It contains nearly 500 pages of text, with over 150 il-lustrations, 28 of which are beauti ful full-page arto'ypes. It portrays by aid of the artist's genius and the author's facile pen the lofty mountains and charming valleys, the placid lakes and thundering cataracts, of the world renowned Yosemite. The mission of this work is to make the best possible represen-tation of the marvelous scenery and sublim natural wonders of this unique region. The original price of this book was = = = $3.25 We now offer It with the Sentinel, one year, for = 2.55 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. MARCH 19, 1896. A.IVJEJHAEfl CA.N 95 personal relation of faith and obedience to God," the scripture responds, " Hast thou faith ? have it to thyself before God." Rom. 14: 22. And to the word that religion is " the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it," the scripture still responds, "For we must all appear before the jugdment seat of Christ; that everyone may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad." 2 Cor. 5: 10. No government can ever account to God for any individual. No man nor any set of men can ever have faith for another. No government will ever stand before the judg- Ł ment seat of Christ to answer even for itself, much less for the people or for any individual. Therefore no government can ever of right assume any responsibility in any way in any matter of religion. A DANGER SIGNAL. WHAT WILL THE END BE ? BY H. F. PHELPS. DEMANDS for religious legislation have been very urgent for some years. When these are seen to be futile, threats of political boy-cott follow. And now demands are being made for open declaration as to the religious faith and standing of officials and political aspirants. Governor Mc Kinley, although acknowl-edged as " a staunch Methodist and an active worker in the Methodist Church," is denounced as " a shouting Methodist on Sunday and a political wire-pulling demagogue the rest of the week," because he gave a position of trust to a Roman Catholic, which certain religio-political schemers thought should have been given to a Protestant. And some are also demanding that Mr. Reed shall publicly avow his religious proclivities, and thus in effect bid for political support on the strength of his religion, as though religion were a thing for barter, a thing of the head and not of the heart. But the latest in this line is that which occurred in St. Paul, Minn., recently. A meeting was held in the interests of better Sunday observance, led by Mrs. W. W. Nicholas, State President of the W. C. T. U. Representatives were present from several organizatians and denominations: the Street Mission; Christian Endeavor Mission School; the Baptist Young People; the Christian Citizenship and Law and Order Leagues; the Epworth League; the Woman's Christian Temperance Unions; with several ministers, some of whom advocated " a strictly Puritan sabbath." It seems that Senator Nelson, of Minnesota, has been receiving protests from some of tis constituents against the passage of certain bills now pending in Congress, involving re-ligious legislation. And as the servant and representative of his constituency he has pre-sented  these protests in Congress, to which act these latter day " reformers" take excep-tion. The report says:Š A protest was made by all present against the action of Senator Nelson, March 2, when he presented peti-tions at Washington of citizens of Minnesota against Sunday observance legislation. It was decided to appoint a committee to write to Senator Nelson, ask-ing him to state more clearly his views, the union giving him the benefit of the doubt. It is one of the rights of the American citizen to petition or protest against any  measure presented in our legislative halls; and it is the duty, and often the pleasure of their representatives to receive and present such. But these religious zealots would deny this right of protest. But do not these people know, can they not see, that all these demands that public officials and political aspirants shall define themselves upon religious matters are violations of the spirit of the National Constitution, which says, "No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or position of trust under the United States" ? Do they not know that they are requiring a religious test ? And do not these people know that such a course is only opening the way for even the most contemptible, time-serving politician to declare himself religiously and enter the churches ? And are they ready and willing to extend the right hand of fellowship to such a3 these ? It is encouraging to know that all of our representatives are not time-serving politi-cians, but that some would mother return to private life than yield the principles of relig-ious liberty under such class legislation as is constantly being urged forward. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS SweepingEverything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: 0.2 Milwaukee, Wis., Jan. 1. 1896. I feel qualified to give my hearty indorse- ment  to the Coon Bros. Cyclone Washer. I believe it to be the best washer ever invented. It works easily, washing the clothes clean without wearing them and without the use of the washboard. It is a great labor-saving machine, and if you once use it you cannot get along without it. MRS. J. DAVIE, 599 Washington. Large Type E3 I 13 F-4;  S For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column book like most Bibles, the full size of page being in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The bwrnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type in Bible No. 173o. this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is painted from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. PRIG ; No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co. 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City. Mo. 