64 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 26, 1899. A RECENT Sunday law decision at Newark, N. J., by Judge McCarter, affirms the legality of Sunday fines. IN his speech in Congress from which we quote in this issue, Senator Mason correctly defined the advo-cates of American-  imperialism as men who "cannot tell the difference between expansion and explosion." See page 57. THIS issue of the SENTINEL contains two articles of unusual length. They are given space because they are of unusual interest and value. Don't skip them. They treat on a subject concerning which you positively can-not afford to be ignorant.  THE lightest and most volatile of all substancesŠhydrogenŠhas been forced at the dictate of modern sci-ence to assume liquid form, at a tern-perature the lowest ever measured by man. The air in a closed tube dipped into the liquid is immediately frozen, securing a more perfect vacuum than is possible by any other means. THE plea that a people cannot gov-ern themselves is the tyrant's justifi-cation of his usurpation of power. Christianity affirms the right and the duty of every man to govern himself; and to say that a people cannot gov-ern themselves is therefore to deny the truth of Christianity. A people who have had little contact with civ-ilization may not be able to govern themselves in the complex fashion of "highly civilized" nations, but their government will be no less self-gov-ernment because it must needs be simple. Very much that pertains to "advanced" civilization might be dis-pensed with vastly to the profit of the losers. Even the beasts and birds of the forest have the capacity  to govern themselves according to their natures, and are a good deal happier and better off in doing so than when under the control of man. SCARCELY a day passes without the announcement of the consolidation of business enterprises in a certain line of industry, into a "trust;" the object in every case being, of course, to control the output of the goods, and through that to dictate the price to the people. All restrict the sphere of individual enterprise, and by this interfere with individual independ-ence. All are essentially bad; but the worst one of all is the religious trust, which aims to freeze out and stamp out by legislation every reli-gion except its own. By a decision of Attorney-General Van Deventer;  of the Department of the Interior, Washington, D. C., Archbishop Ireland has secured title to 20,000 acres of land along the line of the St. Paul, Minneapolis, and Manitoba railway. The archbishop claimed 34,000 acres, llut the set-tlers on the land were in some cases able to prove a better title thereto than that of the Catholic official; hence will not be molested. Other settlers will contest the archbishop's claim. WHAT difference does it make to me," some one may ask, "what pol-icy is pursued by the Government in dealing with the Philippines or other islands taken from Spain? What has that to do with American gov-ernment at home ? " This question is answered by American history, and quite recent history, too There was a time not very far back when the American Government denied the rights of a semi-civilized class in this country, as it is now disposed to deny the rights of a like class under its authority across the sea. That was something which for a long time didn't seem to concern the interests of white men particularly, but a time came when white men saw that it did concern them personally, and that in the most serious way. The prin- ciples of free government were denied, and because of it hundreds of thou-sands of white men in America laid down their lives on the battle-field and in military hospitals and pris-ons. That was what national re-pudiation of republican principles meant to American citizens forty years ago; and we may be assured the like thing has no less serious im-port for American people to-day. WE have failed as a nation to live up to the high ideal of government set forth in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, as shown by various prac-tices, institutions, laws, and court decisions contrary to this ideal, which mark the nation's history from 1776 to 1899. Therefore let us throw that ideal aside altogether and set up a different one with which these failings can be harmonized(!) This is the sum and substance of one of the main arguments put forth in favor of im-perialism. ,At WE do not know that the language which we quote in this issue from the New York Sun, on the meaning of the Declaration of Independence, was written by a Jesuit. But we do know that the papacy has a controlling hand upon the press almost every-where in this country, and that the sentiments in question are just such as a Jesuit would express. ACCORDING to statements made by Rev. Mr. Diaz, recently, before a com-mittee of the U. S. Senate, Cuba was taxed between $1,500,000 and $2,-000,000 annually under Spanish rule for the support of the Catholic Church. No wonder Archbishop Ire-land and the papal hierarchy in gen-eral do not relish the idea of a Cuban republic. WE have still a supply of Nos. 1, 2, and 3 on hand. These are excel-lent papers for missionary work, and can be had in bulk at the rate of one cent per copy. We will address wrap-pers and mail to individuals at the rate of one and a quarter cents per copy. Send in your orders. 