Amhitidk" 89 A CABLE dispatch from London: to, the New York Sun under date of February 5, gives the following: "The French authorities have decided to abandon the inscrip-tion on coins, which, since the days of the Consulate, has been Dieu protb:ge La France [France, the, favored of God]. Sacrilegious English, journals suggest that the Czar will do as well." Of course, France is not the only nation that is the protbge of God; that could not seri-ously be, claimed. Each of the "Christian nations" is, in its own view and upon its own authorityŠthe favored one of Heaven. And in fairness, the claim must be al-lowed to all alike. BUT it sometimes happens that two of these govern-ments come to a point in their relations with each other where they decide to settle their differences by an appeal to arms; in which event the idea that it is the favored one of Heaven is quite certain, in the case of one of them at least, to receive a severe shock. And as this very thing has happened in the recent history of France, it is not surprising that the French government should have discerned the prepriety of removing the inscription from the national currency. * * SOME one has asked; with considerable point, why it is that the U. S. Government has inscribed on a part of its currency the sentence, "In God We Trust." The circum-stances of the origin of the inscription we do not know, but the words must be taken as showing someconnection between the Government and religion; and as such, they are worthy of note. * * THEY are worthy of note as illustrating the worthless character of a profession of religion by the Government. For they do amount to a profession 'of religion. To trust in God is to be religious in the fullest sense of the word; and the inscription is a governmental declaration of trust in God; It might be asked, In what god? and this notbeing specified, room is left for the suggestion which some persons have made that, if we may judge from the practice of the great majority of the people, the real meaning isŠor should beŠ"Iii [this] gdd we tract.'" The people'do trust in something; and if theniajority do not trust in money more than in anything else, the ob-servations'nf :tmany Odd-Minds-  are certainly at fault. However we may look at it, we can find nothing to dem- Onstratethepropriety of this bit of governmental pro-cedure. IT is to be observed, also, that the government has now repudiated the very money upon whichthis Lion is placed. It is a fitting coincidence that this repu-diated metal should have been chosen to bear a religious inscription, which is equally worthless, as regards any purpose which civil government is designed;  to serve. NOTWITHSTANDING a very unfavorable report sent back by an agent of the Government commissioned to investigate the situation in the Klondike country as re, gards the prospects for success in, fortune seeking, it is apparent that thousands from all parts of the country — will soon be joined in a great rush to the reputed land of gold. There is something in this which illustrates a strange quality of human nature. Why is it that people are willing to work so hard and face such difficulties and dangers to get gold in this particular way? It.has been said by those who spoke from experience, that the hard-est way in the world to get gold is to dig it; and it is no doubt true that if the average person would expend the same amount of hard thought and active effort and per-severence in seeking wealth through some of the ordinary channels of business enterprise, that is expended in fortune seeking in the soil of a desolate and inhospitable coun-try, his success would be much more certain. * WITHOUT life, gold' is of no possible value; yet men will risk life in the most reckless fashion to get possession of this metal. There is something about the love of money which tends to warp the judgment as well as the,  conscience, and that to a most dangerous degree. Car-ried to the extreme, it presents to us the, sad and incom-prehensible picture of the miser who, for fear of experienc-ing want and hunger through deprivation of money, voluntarily put himself in that very condition and, keeps himself there till death results. Certainly is is not hard to see, in the light of many circumstances, the wisdom of the Scripture which mentions the love of money as a thing of which we are to beware. * * * WE have beenasked if we would object to the "flag salute" provided the word "God" were left out of it. This is a question that is too indefinite to be answered definitely. As has been said, however, we do not object to a flag salute, in itself; buf we 'do object to Łthe salute in its present form, and it might be objectionable without containing the word "God." A. salute which, embodied nothing more than a recognition of the, principles of lib:-erty and justice upon Which this Government was estab-: lished and for whiCh the flag is Supposed.to stands might be proper enough; and certainly the flag can claim no 