190 A.MIRMIC..AN SENTIINIML, Vol.. 11, No. 24 ment of religion and put a stop to this un-constitutional appropriation of public funds to pay for sectarian teaching and sectarian religious ceremonies. I will go as far as any of these gentlemen in supporting the spirit of our institutions as embodied in that provision of the Federal Constitution; but let us com-mence where no harm and no wrong can be done. If principle be the sole motive of the objection to these appropriations, and I assume that it is, here is a grand and conspicuous field for patriotic effort. Let our national church establishment be disestablished and leave these minor violations of principle until the Gov-ernment is better prepared to substitute pub-lic care for private care of its charges. " I make these suggestions in no spirit of hostility to the churches nor to any 'church. I recognize their great power for good among men. I believe they will be stronger and greater when they shall be entirely separated from the State, and I believe the State will be likewise made stronger and better and purer by such separation. " This is a civil government, deriving noth-ing from the church and capable of giving nothing to it. It should be strictly nonsec-tarianŠprofessing no religion, but respecting and equally protecting all." Ł * Ł  PROHIBITIONISTS AND THEIR PLATFORMS. THE Prohibitionists of the country held their national convention in Pittsburg, Pa., on the 27th and 28th ult. The result must certainly have been a dissapointment to all in sympathy with the Prohibition movement. The convention resulted in a division of the party, two tickets being placed in nomi-nation, and two platforms adopted. The candidates of the regular Prohibition Party are: Hon. Joshua Levering, of Maryland, for President, and Hon. Hale Johnson, of Illinois, for Vice-President. The " bolters " organized what they call the " National Party," their candidates being Rev. C. E. Bentley, of Nebraska, for Presi-dent, and J. H. Southgate, of North Carolina, for Vice-President. The regular Prohibition platform as printed in the Voice of June 4, is as, follows: Š THE PROHIBITION PLATFORM. We, the members of the Prohibition Party, in na-tional convention assembled, renewing our declaration of allegiance to Almighty God as the rightful tiller of the universe, lay down the following as our declar-ation of political purpose:-- The Prohibition Party, in national convention as-sembled, declares its firm conviction that the manu-facture, exportation, importation, and sale of alcoholic beverages has produced such social, commercial, in-dustrial, and political wrongs, and is now so threat-ening the perpetuity of all our social and politiCal institutions, that the suppression of the same by a national party organized therefor, is the greatest ob-ject to be accomplished by the voters of our country, and is of such importance that it, of right, ought to control the political actions of all our patriotic citizens until such suppression is accomplished. The urgency of this course demands the union without further delay of all citizens who desire the prohibition of the liquor traffic; therefore be it Resolved, That we favor the legal prohibition by State and national legislation of the manufacture, im-portation, and sale of alcoholic beverages. That we declare our puipose to organize and unite all the friends of Prohibition into one party, and in order to accomplish this end we deem it of right to leave every Prohibitionist the freedom of his own convictions upon all other political questions, and trust our representa-tives to take such action upon other political questions as the changes occasioned by Prohibition and the wel-fare of the whole people shall demand. To this was subsequently added this plank on motion of Mrs. Ella A. Boole of this city:Š " Resolved, That the right of suffrage ought not to be abridged on account of sex." The platform of the National Party, as published in the Voice of the same date pre-viously referred to, reads as follows:Š The National Party, recognizing God as the author of all just pOwer in government, presents the follow- ing declaration of principles which it pledges itself to enact into effective legislation when given the power to do so:Š The suppression of the manufacture and sale, im-portation, exportation, and transportation of intoxi-cating liquors for beverage purposes. We utterly re-ject all plans for regulating or compromising with this traffic, whether such plans be called local option, tax-ation, license, or public control. The sale of liquors for medicinal and other legitimate uses should be con-ducted by the State without profit and with such regu-lations as will prevent fraud or evasion. No citizen should be denied the right to vote on ac-count of sex. All money should be issued by the General Govern-ment only and without the intervention of any private citizen, corporation, or banking institution. It should be based upon the wealth, stability, and integrity of the nation. It should be a full, legal tender for all debts public and private, and should be of sufficient volume to meet the demands of the legitimate business interests of the country. For the purpose of honestly liquidating our outstanding coin obligations we favor the free and unlimited coinage of both silver and gold at the ratio 10 to 1 without consulting any other nation. The National Constitution should be so amended as to allow the national revenues to be raised by equit-able adjustment of taxation on the properties and in-comes of the people, and import duties should be lev-ied as a means of securing equitable commercial rela-tions with other nations. The initiative and referendum and proportional representation should be adopted. Having herein presented our principles and pur-poses we invite the cooperation and support of all cit-izens who are with us substantially agreed. The original report on the Committee on Platform before the " bolt " made no men-tion of Sunday or of Sunday " laws." The minority report,, however, contained this:Š Eighth: All citizens should be protected in their right to one day's rest without opposing anyone who conscientiously observes any other day than the first day of the week. The ininority report was, by vote of 492 to 310, made a part of the report of the Com-mittee on Platform. But this Sunday plank does not appear in either platform, as pub- lished in the Voice. Mr. G. H. Lyon, of Sistersville, W. Va., a member of the onvention, writes us, how-ever, under date of June 3, that this plank was retained by the " bolters," in which case it is a part of the platform of the National Party. We have stated these facts without comment simply for the information of our readers, and shall discuss those planks of the two platforms bearing upon religious liberty, at another time. Ł -*  .  A CLERGYMAN'S DAY. [The Journal (New York), June 8, 1896.] AN idea of the present state of the evolu-tion of the clergyman, from a mere adviser in spiritual matters to an active participant in the affairs of the world, is furnished by the following leaf from a chapter of the Rev. Dr. Parkhurst's daily life, published in yesterday's Evening Post:Š The Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, so it happened, had come down to the criminal courts to attend the trial of Roundsman Redner for bribery before Judge New-burger, a case in which the Society for the Prevention of Crime, of which Dr. Parkhurst is the president, figures as complainant. Instead of attending that trial, however, Dr. Parkhurst went into the Recorder's Court and witnessed the trial of Mrs. Fleming for murder. According to his own explanation the cler-gyman became so interested in this trial that he for- got all about the other and remained there until re-cess, when he and Recorder Goff went out to luncheon together. After that he went to witness the police parade, as a specially invited guest. Perhaps if, as we are told, the pulpit is los-ing its influence, it is just as well that the clergy should find a field of usefulness outside of the church; and there is far more excite-ment, anyway, in prosecuting criminals, at-tending murder trials, lunching with judges, and reviewing police parades than in writing sermons, visiting the sick andŁ merely warning sinners, as was the early notion of a clergy-man's duties. THE SCHOOL QUESTION IN CANADA. [The Outlook.] THE campaign of the Canadian general elections is now in progress. Parliament has been dissolved, and poling takes place on June 23. The main issues are tariff reform and the Manitoba school question. The former involves either the retention or the overthrow of the present protection system; the latter, remedial legislation compelling Manitoba to restore the system of separate schools abolished by the legislature of that Province in 1890. In regard to the latter issue, a recent re-statement of opposing attitudes and intentions by the leaders on both sides has deepened the interest of the contest. The policy of the Conservative party, which favors remedial legislation, is now directed by the new Pre-mier;  Sir ,..Charles Tupper, whose speeches on opening the campaign give no uncertain sound, and are without the faintest tinge of compromise. The Hon. Wilfrid Laurier, the Liberal leader, advocates the appointment of a commission whose impartial investigation of facts may be expected to point a way out of the difficulty and facilitate the removal of the vexatious question from politics. Sir Charles . Tupper insists vigorously that the question is really not one of separate schools so much as the carrying into effect of the provisions of the Constitution under which the educational rights of Roman Catholic minorities weBe guar-anteed protection. Mr. Laurier's position is that, according to the judgment of the Imperial Privy Council in 1892, no educational right or privilege was taken away by the Manitoba Public Schools Act.  of 1890, and that the subsequent judg-ment of the same tribunal in 1895 did not touch that point, but gave the Dominion Government the right of interfering, if it should choose to do so, upon an appeal to it by the Catholic minorityŠthe judgment not indicating any particular line of action, in fact not recommending any action at all. There was no necessity of bringing the ques-tion into Dominion politics, and it might have been referred back to Manitoba for settlement with quite as well founded a hope of peace and satisfaction as may be based on any threat of coercion. A significant feature of -the contest is the direct intervention of the Roman Church. Archbishop Langevin has been making vigor-ous efforts to influence the voters, and pre-sumptively under his influence, a " Bishops' Mandate," signed by all the Roman Catholic bishops in the Province of Quebec, has been issued instructing Roman Catholics that it is their duty to vote for the Conservative gov-ernment which is pledged to restore to the hierarchy` heir separate schools. It remains to be seen whether clerical interference like this will be effective. Not long ago, in the county of Charlevoix, 