THE SENTINEL, OF ,LIBERTY. made for the purpose of attacking a doctrine uni-versally believed by Christian peoples, and which is a cornerstone in civilization." This is the same ground upon which the will of Stephen Girard was attacked in. Pennsylvania seventy years ago, but without avail. The result in the present case will be awaited with interest by lovers of religious liberty everywhere. Besides the principle involved in this Hartford case, it is a mistake to assume that the belief in natural immortality is universal among Christians. Besides individuals in nearly all denominations who do not believe this dyctrine, it is rejected not only by the Advent Christians who number about 25,000 in this country, but by other bodies of Adventists numbering all told probably in the neighborhood of roo,000 souls. IN an article in, the October Century, Bishop Potter expresses the opinion that there could not be a more stupid or shameless policy than the par-tioning of China among the great Powers. A na-tion, like a man, the bishop says, has a right to be until she has demonstrated her incompetence to ad-minister her own affairs with equal justice to all; and this China has not yet done, in spite of the stained record of her dishonored and corrupted officials. IT is stated that " over ten thousand persons visi-ted the French Catholic Church of St. John the Baptist in New York in a single day to view what purports to be a bone from the arm of. St. Anne." Most of these persons were there seeking relief from ills of various sorts and of course there were many so-called wonderful " cures." Commenting upon these facts the Christian Advocate says: " But a great many Protestants are unable to point the finger of scorn at this perforamce. There is Simpson, a past master in this kind of quackery, and Dowie, the difference between the two being that the former has magnetic persuasiveness and the latter overwhelming bumptious domination; and Schlatter, with his head, hair, and face resembling theŁ traditional portraits of Christ, and Sanford, of Maine, and the Mormons, all curing diseases and all having the same limitations and relapses, and all their performances perfectly explicable upon natural principles. And there are the- Christian Scientists, the Most superstition's of all. That God may heal  diseases in answer to prayer can not be successfully disproved by any one, but to reject the use of means is an insult to the God who established the relation of cause and effect." THE HAND OF ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE IN THE PHILIPPINES. From the Michigan Christian Advocate. THE Philippine Commission has been giving a final hearing to the Filipino Catholics, on the one hand, and Archbishops Nogaleda and Chapelle and the Catholic friars, on the other, on the vexed ques-tion of title to properties held by the friars and their future status in the islands. The findings of the commission have not at this writing been given out. Harold Martin, the representative of the Associated Press at Manila, gives some valuable testimony in a letter to the Independent. Twelve months' residence and touring in the islands has not brought him in contact with a single native who does not wish the friars expelled. " They do not ask for the curtail-ment of the friars' power, nor for their regulation, but always emphatically for their expulsion," he says. Yet Mr. Martin admits that under the treaty of Paris, which he says Archbishop Chapelle claims that he shaped, -the United States can not bodily ex-pel the friars; but he claims that it can prevent their return to their former parishes and limit their work to the larger cities of the' islands. He reports that the natives, though as loyal Catholics as ever, look upon Archbishop Chapelle as " one friar more," so ardent an advocate of the friars' claims has he be-come. In this connection an extract from a letter in the New York Evening Post is valuable, as showing the spirit and course of ArchbishoP Chapelle. Says the correspondent: ," Archbishop Chapelle is taking an active hand in affairs, and now claims that he se-cured the recall of Otis. He has warmly cham-pioned the side of the friars, but church matters have not progressed except for several decrees from Otis depriving the priests of immunities and privi- leges they had, enjoyed under Spanish laws. He and Chapelle had an animated correspondence,. Chapelle reminding Otis that it was most important to Presi- dent McKinley that matters be adjusted satisfactorily to the Catholics before election, and Otis replying (the best thing he ever did): ' You are a priest and I am a soldier. I did not know that it was the busi- 