266 THE AlVIERICA_N SENTINEL. convicted them upon their own testimony as conspirators against religious liberty. But because of a denial which has recently been entered by the Christian Statesman we revert to the subject again. In the 844,0897?,a,0 of August 13, of the present year of grace, we find the follow-ing "eloquent words," as the Statesman puts it " of 'the lately deceased Dr. Jona-than Edwards, spoken at the National Reform Convention in Cooper Institute, in New York, in 1873: Our objectors; then, may learn that they are merely a body of men who are in their turn feeling the inconvenience of dissent. And they, may be reminded that under our proposed amendment all the essentials of their citizenship will be none the less secure to them than they are now. The atheist is a man who denies the being of a God and a future life. To him mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and the end-all of consciousness and of character. The deist admits God, but denies that he has any such personal control over human affairs as we call providence, or that he ever manifests himself and his will in a revelation. The Jew admits God, providence, and revelation, but rejects the entire scheme of gospel redemption by Jesus Christ as sheer imagination, or, worse, sheer imposture. The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other members of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. These are all, for the, occasion, and so tar as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we can not help. . . . They must be named from him [the atheist]; they must be treated, for this question, as one party. Ł Whit are the rights of the atheist ? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a 'conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. . . . Tolerate atheism, sir ? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist may live, as I said, but, God helping us, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of- all this fair land! Let us repeat, atheism and Christianity are contradictory. terms. They are incompatible systems. They can not dwell together on the same continent. In the light of the plain distinction al-ready noted between toleration and rights,- the words of Dr. Edwards are utterly in-defensible, except from the standpoint of the bigot; yet the Christian Statesman quotes them for the express purpose of,  defending them. It says :Š The .bloody Nero dressed the Christians who were condemned to death in the skins of wild beasts, and gave:thein to dogs to be devoured. 'THE SEE-TiNEL imputes to friends of National Reform senti-ments and purposes as foreign to their real spirit and designs as those skins were to the hapless vic-tims; enshrouded by- them, and then summons the watch-dogs of human freedom to make an end of thein. The Statesman, has placed THE SENTINEL upon the right side. Such sentiments ought to be destroyed by the " watch-dogs of human freedom," and THE SENTINEL is proud to, summon them to the work. Nor  do we impute to National Reformers sen-timents and purposes foreign to their real spirit. Of the truth of this the States-man itself furnishes the evidence in the very article under review. In its defense of the sentiment uttered by Dr. Edwards, it says He said expressly, " The atheist may live, as I said ; " and again: "They [our objectors] may be reminded that under our proposed amendment all the essentials of their citizenship will be no less se-cure to them than they are now." Though there was "nothing out of hell" which he would not tolerate as soon, yet he expressly declared he would toler-ate even the atheist. But he did not propose to surrender to the atheist the Government of the United States. This is not a -disavowal of the mischiev-ous sentiment voiced by Dr. Edwards; it is simply a defense of it; a declaration that National Reform proposes to substi-tute toleration in this country for rights; they will tolerate the atheist, i. e., all who oppose them, including the Seventh-day Baptists, just as they would tolerate lunatics and conspirators. And this they tell us is the best possible safeguard of religious liberty! Believe it, ye who can ! As for THE SENTINEL, it will ever insist that all men are entitled to full and per-fect religious liberty, not as a favor to be granted them by government, but as an inalienable right with which they have been endowed by their Creator. The time has come when toleration is spurned as an insult. In this country only cravens would think of accepting it; only bigots would propose it. C. P. B. " The Sentinel's Slip." UNDER this heading, Freethought of July 25, published a criticism on an article of the writer's, in THE SENTINEL. The " SENTINEL'S slip " consisted,. according , to Freethought, in saying of a true theoc-racy.: " This is, and must ever remain, the perfect ideal government." The reasons given in THE SENTINEL for this statement are as follows. " God is infinite in goodness and in wisdom. Be-cause he is infinite in goodness, he always desires what is best for ,the people, and what is best for them is always the best for his own honor and glory. Because he is infinite in wisdom, he always knows what is bestŠknows it better than any one man in the nation, and better than the majority of men in the nation. There-fore a true theocracy to every devout -be-liever in God, must ever remain the ideal of government, far in advance of mon-archy or republicanism." Now, even Freethought, if it will for a-moment lay aside the sectarian prejudice of agnosticism enough to think freely, can not deny one of those propositions. To deny them is to, deny the goodness and,  wisdom of God, and to deny God's good-ness and wisdom, is to deny his existence as God. This is atheism, and not agnos-ticism. Freethought may deny that God  ever did or ever will reveal himself to humanity for the purpose of such govern-ment, but that does not affect the ideal. It still would be something to dream over and long' for. The %We sorts that God will thus rev.* himself to' humanity, and that he will not only give them his perfect law of liberty, but that he will write that law not on Statute books merely, but in the hearts of his subjects; so that they will keep it, not from fear of punishment, but because they love it and want to keep it. Thus will all restraint of law be changed to restraint of love, and the perfect ideal be realized in a redeemed world. Now Freethought inay deny that all this will ever be, but it cannot deny the idealŠit can not deny that if a perfect God saw fit to thus write a perfect law in the hearts of his subjects, it would be the only per-fect liberty of which intelligent beings are capable. Now a perfect ideal is never perfectly realized in an imperfect world, and the writer did not assert that the theocratic ideal was even on the start, perfectly realized by Israel. The fact is it was never realized at all, for from the very foot of the smoking mountain they rebelled against God. The Israelites were a barbarous, ignorant race, from which the shackles of slavery had just been broken. They were utterly in-capable of true liberty, till right ideas of truth and justice had been implanted in their hearts; and yet they were the only people who had preserved, even though imperfectly, the sublime truth of the unity of Deity. That one God sought to reveal himself to them in such a manner as to make them capable of liberty. He first gave them his perfect law, a law that even Freethought can not improve upon. The design of that law summed up, was to bring all men to the worship of this one God, as father; thus uniting them in one family of brothers and sis-ters, so making them capable of true liberty. It was necessary to the realiiation of the ideal of liberty, that this law should be more than written on tables of stone; it must: be written in the heart, so that men of their own free will will want to do the things it requires. God was revealed in infinite love, by the gospel of his promised Son, to do this very work; but this gospel " did not profit them not being% mixed with faith in them that heard it." Even as Freethought does to-day, "they stumbled at this stumbling stone," Christ, so rejecting him, the law could not be written in- their hearts. Therefore to re-strain their . brutal passions, and prevent complete anarchy, it was necessary that the motive of fear be brought in play by severe penalties. All those imperfections in the government of Israel, which Free-thought points out, and which the writer 