4 Amin nICA_NT gimkTfrrmrt,.. Vot. 8, No. 1. liament representing in legislation the sentiment of the British nation, as prece-dents, and as a testimony in favor of a legislative regulation of the Sabbath." In reference to Sunday amusements the New York court again said : " The legis-lature had the right to assume that the law was reasonably well settled, and suf-ficiently declared by competent judicial and legislative authority, that such repre-sentations on the first day of the week were a breach of the public peace and good order. The legislature was there-fore right in conceiving that the title which expressed the purpose of legislat-ing to preserve that peace and good order gave notice that such representations might be affected by it. It is not to be forgotten that the title does not point to legislation on the subject of the public peace and good order in general, that is on any and every day, but only on the first day of the week. So that the title is fitted to call particular attention to what-ever is likely to disturb that peace and order on that day." The act to which the court referred was entitled, " To pre-serve the public peace and order on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." In Tennessee, the court has held that the right of the State to prescribe penal-ties for the violation of Sunday is " too well settled to admit of question or re-quire discussion." The Pennsylvania court declared : " We do not feel called upon to give any opin-ion as to the policy, the propriety, or the justice of the law itself; that stands settled by authority, so far as authority can settle it, and that authority is not to be overlooked by individual sentiments, or by private opinion, whatever that may be." Both the Ohio and the Missouri courts, and those of Tennessee as well, have de-cided that the legislatures of those States have authority from the Constitutions of their States to pass laws prohibiting la-bor and amusement on Sunday, and com-pelling its observance as a day of rest. In several States, where the question has been before the courts, New York, Virginia, Tennessee, Pennsylvania, Mis-souri, etc., it has been held that the Sun-day laws of the States were not in con-flict with the Constitution of the United States. All other religious laws, such as per-tain to " Offences against God and Re-ligion," and such as continue the prece-dent set in the cabin of the Mayflower, and are for the furtherance of religion by law, " for the glory of God and the main-tenance of the Christian faith," are in a similar state of advancement proportion-ately to the amount of attention which has been turned upon them. This great body of religious law now stands in the statute books and law re-ports of the different States. In some instances certain phases of religious law have found their way directly into State constitutions, where they stand as a strange anomaly in immediate contradic-tion of constitutional bills of rights. The great mass, however, of this branch of the law comes through judicial decrees, which owe their existence in the first place to a slavish adherence to foreign precedents which have been followed and multiplied until they have finally sub-verted constitutional principle. The law-yers and judges in this country, and the legislators as well, both State and na- tional, who refer to constitutional prin-ciples rather than to precedent, to guide their legal and legislative action, are few. To this fact, more than to any other, this great body of religious law owes its ex-istence; and through this fatal intellectual weakness and lack of moral stamina and independence it will continue to grow. W. H. M. Present Status of Religious Law in the United States. THE weight of authority in a number of different States has given its sanction to the constitutionality of Sunday lawsŠmore than that, it has been held that laws prohibiting Sunday labor are not in vio-lation of the Constitution of the United States. Judge Hammond, of the United States Court, in his dictum given as a part of the decision in the appealed case of R. M. King, who was convicted in the Tennessee courts for Sunday work on his farm, virtually upheld this erroneous theory. It was understood at the time this decision was rendered that Judge Hammond had been in consultation upon the matter with the Supreme Bench, and that his decision was in harmony with the views of at least a portion of the member-ship of that highest judicial authority. This was shown to have been so by the decision of the United States Supreme Court in the case of the rector of the Church of the Holy Trinity, of New York City, vs. the United States, delivered by Justice Brewer, and from which there was no dissent. The opinion of Justice Brewer in this decision was couched in such broad and general terms that it may be quoted as authority for the upholding of any measure whatever which may be held to be for the promotion and mainte-nance of the Christian religion. Thus the advocates of religious legislation and the enforcement of religious laws now claim boldly, without fear of being successfully contradicted, that the Constitutions of the States and of the United States are power-less to prevent the progress of their pur-poses. That Congress has recognized this has been shown by its passage of the pro-viso to close the World's Fair on Sunday. Nothing can undo this which has been done except the unconditional repeal by Congress of the Sunday closing proviso, embodied in the express statement that it is a matter entirely outside the sphere of civil legislation, and the repudiation by the Supreme Bench of the religious dicta to which it has given the weight of its acquiescence in the opinion of Justice Brewer. If Sunday laws infringe upon property rights, or upon religious liberty, or give preference to one religion over another, they are unconstitutional. It necessarily followed, therefore, that to hold them constitutional it must be decided that they do not deprive of property rights, or infringe religious liberty, or impair values. These decisions have been had. That Sunday laws do not infringe reli-gious liberty and give preference to one form of religion above another, it would seem impossible to argue, but it has been argued, and the validity of the argument judicially accepted in the majority of cases where the question has been brought to an issue. It is true the argument refutes itself, but that has made no difference with the holdings of the courts, and does not detract in the least from the authori-tative value of precedents in these cases. For instance, it was said in the famous case of Lindenmuller vs. the People, which has long been quoted as a prece-dent, thatŠ it would be strange that a people, Christian in doc-trine and worship, many of whom or whose fore-fathers had sought these shores for the privilege of worshiping God in simplicity and purity of faith, and who regarded religion as the basis of their civil liberty and the foundation of their rights, should in their zeal to secure to all the freedom of conscience which they valued so highly, solemnly repudiate and put beyond the pale of the law the religion which was dear to them as life, and de-throne the God who they openly and avowedly professed to believe had been their protector and guide as a people. . . . Different denomina-tions of Christians are recognized, but this does not detract from the force of the recognition of God as the proper object of religious worship, and the Christian religion as the religion of the people, which it was not intended to destroy but to main-tain. . . . The framers of it [the Constitution] did not suppose they had abolished the Sabbath as a day of rest for all, and of Christian worship for those who were disposed to engage in it, or had deprived themselves of the power to protect their God from blasphemy and revilings. It would scarcely have been possible to put in words a better argument than this Judge unwittingly made for his opponent, but it is not on record that the opponent has yet appeared. On the contrary this reductio ad absurdum has been referred to as good precedent and of binding au-thority time and again. In several States, and in the District of Columbia, blasphemy and profanity are punishable, and in those States where the question has been brought to an issue the courts have taken the position that such statutes and the common law doctrine of blasphemy are neither of them repugnant to the constitutions of the States. It has been generally held that in those States where there are statutes against Sunday labor they would apply to the invalidation of contracts made on Sun-day, though not without frequent dissent far more vigorous and able in character than the prevailing opinion. The late decision of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, excluding the Bible from use in the public schools, is correctly de-clared by those who desire its compul-sory reading to be made part of the school exercises, to be contrary to the judicial decisions in several other States where the matter has been brought up for adju-dication. In many of the States, incompetency to testify as witness in court for lack of religious belief has been done away with, but this can not be implicitly relied upon, as, for example, the code of Tennessee reads, " Every person of sufficient capac-ity to understand the obligation of an oath is competent to be a witness," yet every adjudicated case on this point in the Tennessee reports, after the adoption of this code as well as before, holds that a witness who disbelieves in God and in a future state of rewards and punishments is incompetent to testify. In those States where office holding is subject to a religious test no protest is heard. It is a most interesting fact that all of these religious laws are upheld, in the great majority of instances, avowedly because they are religious, and for the purpose of maintaining and enforcing re-ligious precepts. The present status of religious law in the United States is that of almost uni- versal judicial acceptance. W. H. M. "MEN are never improved in the mass." 