70 THE AIVIRI4ICAN SENTINVI, day, it is clear that this appeal is made with an altogether different object in view than that of securing religious privileges. Is n't this about it : they want to enjoy the privileges of 'a weekly holiday with-out the annoyance of thinking that their customers are being shaved by their neigh-bor barbers. In Łother words, they want to enjoy what they are pleased to call so- Ł racial and religious privileges at some one's else expense. They would have us to understand that it is impossible for them to enjoy, their co-called social and religious privileges, unless those who forego these privileges, for a Inisiness profit, are re-quired to enjoy them too. How would it be if our barber friends should desire to attend a religious meeting, or go on an excursion on some other day of the week than Sunday ? Must they needs make an appeal to the preachers to help them in securing a right which they already pos-sess ? Again, should they take a day out of the week for recreation or religion, they expect to be at the expense of that day's work; and whatever profit would accrue to them from the business of the day, were they at their places of business, they expect to go into the hands of their com-petitors. Why, then, are they not willing to grant to their competitors the same privileges on Sunday that they grant to them on other days of the week under similar circumstances ? The plea is often made that the work-man cannot retain his place without work-ing on Sunday. But if he thinks his eternal salvation depends on his keeping Sunday, and yet he labors on that day for fear of losing his situation; it shows that he thinks, more of his situation than he does of his salvation. So far as this world's goods are concerned, religion is the most expensive thing in the world; for it requires all that a man has, and any man who is not willing to give all that he possesses for his religion, even to his life if necessary, ought to be ashamed to ask assistance in securing what he calls re-ligious privileges at some one's else ex-pense. And further, the preacher who would render any such assistance is un-worthy of his calling. But how do the preachers regard the appeal ? Rev. C. R. Henderson of the Woodward, Avenue Baptist Church, on Sunday evening, December 22, took .a very strong stand in favor of assisting the barbers to secure the object of their appeal. He said the law of the State very properly prohibited it (Sunday shav-ing), and he believed that the glory and advancement of our people was due more " to the legal recognition of the Sabbath than to -anything else." The State does indeed prohibit Sunday shaving, but' very improperly as we think. We had sup-posed that the one object of the State was to protect men in their belief, whatever that belief may be, even if it consists in  unbelief of some of, the practices of the Christian religion. And there is no good reason why they should not be protected in the honorable discharge of their busi-ness on any day of the week. But when the State takes upon itself to say that one day of the week is more sacred than the rest, and to dictate which day of the seven that is, and how it shall be ob-served, it has taken upon itself a work that does not belong to it. Dr. Henderson says he believes the glory and advancement of our people is due more to legal recognition of the Sabbath than to anything else. We had supposed that glory and advancement in an individ-ual or a nation, so far as this world is concerned, are seenin the stand which they take in defense of human rights. But any State that requires the recognition of Sunday, or of any other religious institution, is performing an inglorious action and is taking a long step backward toward the superstition of the Dark Ages. It is taking its stand in defense of human wrongs. If these barbers think that the observ-ance of Sunday is essential to their salva-tion, what an opportunity is here presented for them to gain glory and honor by vol-untarily refusing to labor on that day even at the risk of losing their situation! What an opportunity is presented for re-buking " those who lay claim to a certain amount of goodness," as Mr. Henderson expresses it. He says : " If those who lay claim to a certain amount of goodness would do this (cease to patronize the shop on Sunday), Sunday work would be made unprofitable, and when that condition is reached the evil will be corrected." It would seem from this that the profits aris-ing from keeping the shops open on Sun-day, comes from " those who lay claim to a certain amount of goodness ;" because if their patronage is withdrawn, the business will "be made unprofitable." The sin then of keeping the barber shops open seven days in the week, lies at the door of those who lay claim to a certain amount of goodness (whoever may be meant by that term), for they ere the ones who create the demand. In suggesting how the object of the bar-bers might be secured, Mr. Henderson proposes not to preach to them the exceed-ing sinfulness of the thing, but instead, to make their business unprofitable, and so compel them to be righteous by making it unprofitable to sin. But the only reason why they keep their shops open on any day of the week is because it is profitable. No doubt they would close them altogether if it did n't pay to keep them open; con-sequently if the barber shops should all be closed on Sunday the only conclusion we can, draw would be that it does n't pay to keep it open, and not that the owner is a Christian. A. E. LELAND. " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are alwas danger-ous. "ŠUnited States Senate, Sunday Rest Leagues. THE Pearl of Days, official organ of the American Sabbath Union, makes the fol-lowing announcement in its issue of Feb-ruary 7, 1890:Š The Sunday Closing Association, of Chicago, acting upon the Roman military principle of " carrying the war into Af-rica," has prepared "a plan for the organ-ization of the Sunday-rest people in each ward " into Sunday-rest leagues. The con-stitution thus defines the purposes and terms of membership :Š ART. 2.ŠThe object of this league shall be to co-operate with the Chicago Sunday Closing Associa-tion in securing, by all proper means, freedom from unnecessary Sunday labor, and especially the 'clos-ing of factories, shops, stores, and saloons on Sun-day. ART. 3.ŠThis league shall be composed of repre-sentatives of the whole population of the -- ward, independent of sectarian control or party dictation. Any citizen who is in favor of the object of this association and desires to aid in the furtherance of the same may become a member by signing this constitution. Ward organizers will be appointed to carry out these provisions. Efforts will be made to secure the selection of aldermen at the coming city election who favor the closing of saloons on Sundays and the ces-sation of all unnecessary work on that day. No sect, faction, or special influence will control the ward leagues. The men who want to rest on Sunday will control the ward organizations, and they will have the opportunity of making their influence felt at the ballot-box, whether of independ-ent candidates or for nominees of either political party who will favor Sunday rest. By this method of working the city, which is substantially after the long-established ways of the old political organizations,'  the Sunday Closing Association expects to develop, direct, and establish public opin-ion for practical advances upon the en-emy's works. It is "bearding the lion in. his den." The idea is novel, inspiring, and bold. Its results will be watched with in-terest, and the example, if even partially successful in the great city of the West, will be followed in more favorable local-ities. It means much more than mass meetings and strings of resolutions. Ł The Colorado Graphic remarks that "the renewal of the Blair Educational Amend-ment Resolution and Sunday-rest Bill before the Fifty-first Congress is causing many thoughtful men to reflect seriously as to the proper relation of the Church and the State, and religion and the public schools." The Graphic also says that " Sunday special laws are religious laws and uncon-stitutional. To ask for' religious legis-lation is to degrade religion and weaken its influence. Christ taught this. The word of God teaches it from Genesis to the Revelation." 