278 .461.1%1IlaatIC A.N VoL. 8. No. 35. an active salaried secretary on guard " is nothing when conscience is dead. " This horrible disemboweling" of the laws of Massachusetts has come because the majority of the people have ceased to have conscientious regard for Sunday. Religious teachers who have taught the destruction of the "Jewish Sabbath" and the fourth commandment in order to for-tify Sunday against the claims of God's Sabbath, must now see that instead of for-tifying Sunday, they have undermined all Sabbathism; and yet they delay returning to the bed rock of Sinai, and propose by organized societies and "paid secretaries"  set to guard the ruins, to rebuild, by re-laying the rubbish of false assumptions on the sand which their inconsistencies have so effectually created. There is no blindness greater than that which comes to good men, who persist in clinging to error because it is gray-haired, and no cowardice greater than that which over-takes those who hesitate to leave the sink-ing sand which sifts under their uneasy feet, because a threatening surf breaks around the base of the rock on which God calls them to build. Nay, brethren; strike out and swim, if need be, for solid Sinai and the true Sabbath of Jehovah. According to the Congregationalist the appeals made to the railroad commission-ers of Massachusetts in behalf of Sunday observance have not met with encouraging results. The answer of these commission-ers indicates that " public opinion " in Massachusetts holds the balance of power against Sunday. The Congregationalist says:Š The commissioners replied that the only author-ized Sunday trains were those of the Boston & Maine winter schedule. They said that the rail-roads seemed to ignore the commission, believing that no effort would be made to enforce the law. The commissioners expressed doubt whether public sentiment would sustain any restrictions of Sunday travel. The friends of Sunday have slumbered, or, knowing how little ground they have in the Bible for Sunday observance, have delayed protest until the tide has set sea-ward, toward no Sabbathism, with un-checked sweep.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Chicago Correspondence. The Religious Congresses Begin. THE Parliament of Religions, which is to occupy in its sessions the greater por-tion of the month of September, at the Art Institute, is to be prefaced by several denominational congresses, the first of which has already been had in the Jewish Denominational Congress. The sessions of this congress have not been largely attended, but have shown from the begin-ning a werl balanced earnestness and sub-stantial ability superior to most of the different congresses which have yet been held this summer. In making the address of welcome, C. C. Bonney, President of the Auxiliary, said :Š The providence of the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, who created man in his own image, and gave him from Sinai's glory-crowned summit the law of a righteous life, has so ordered the arrange-ments for the Religious Congresses to be held under the auspices of the World's Congress Auxiliary of the World's Columbian Exposition, and without any plan to that end, that this congress of the Jewish Church is the first of the series. Thus the mother church, from which all the Christian de-nominations trace their lineage, and which stands in the history of mankind as the especial exponent of august and triumphant theism, has been called upon to open the Religious Congresses of 1893. The highest liberty is the freedom to worship God ac- cording to the dictates of conscience, and this is the right of all men. I desire respect for my re-ligious convictions, and must give the same to you as Jews. Our differences are between ourselves and God, the Judge and Father of us all. The supreme significance of this congress and all the others is that they herald the death of persecution throughout the world, and proclaim the coming reign of civil and religious liberty. This is a remarkable expression to come from Mr. Bonny, who is president of the International Law and Order League, the purpose of which is, in the main, to en-force religious laws, and under the legal lash of whose society, already, many have suffered for their failure to religiously ob- serve the first day of the week; the day to which no conscientious Israelite could properly give reverence. It is not the creed of the Law and Order Society, of which Mr. Bonney i§ president, that " our differences are between our- selves and God." It is both the creed and the practice,Šindeed it is the life and rea- son for the existence of that society,Šthat differences of this kind are not between ourselves and God, but between the Law and Order Society and dissenters. That Mr. Bonney and the society desire respect for their religious convictions, is certain, but that they are not desirous of giving the same respect to others, is just as cer- tain. Mr. Bonney must either reconsider his opinions as expressed here and adapt his thoughts and expression to the intent and purpose of his society, or he should resign the presidency of such an organiza-tion. Those to whom he spoke, and the citizens of this country at large, will learn that the supreme significance of this series of congresses and the Parliament of Reli-gions, which is its crowning gathering, is not to herald the death of persecution throughout the world, or to proclaim the coming reign of civil and religious liberty; but, to herald the growing progress of persecution for conscience' sake in this country; and proclaim the end, under this Government, of the reign of civil and reli-gious liberty. That the Jewish people of this country in general do not realize the insincerity of such expressions as these, or the shallow basis upon which they now stand, or the evidence of the times as shown in the rapid progress of the union of Church and State in late legal and judicial decisions, and legislative action, as well as the sys-tematic persecution in different parts of the country of those who observe the Sab-bath of the commandment as do the Jews themselves, is clear. This was also shown by the unstinted adulation showered upon this country and Government by the dif-ferent speakers, who eulogized its civil and religious liberty without, apparently, the least realization of the fact that there exists already, organized and ready for use, as complete a system of possible persecu-tion as any hierarchy has any need of, for the enforcement of a State religion, and a most efficient discrimination against those who may dissent. A pitiful evidence of the insufficiency of Judaism in its failure to comprehend the plan of salvation and the gospel, was shown over and over again, but more especially in the opening remarks of Rabbi Silverman, of New York, who said :Š We are constantly groping in the dark. Every doctrine which to-day is a fact, becomes merely a theory to-morrow; the next day, a myth. All is mystery. There is scarcely any truth save the false, any right save the wrong. Knowledge is only opinion about facts, and most opinions are errors or will be to-morrow. It is indeed suggestive that the Congress of Religions should have been opened in this manner and by this people; but al though in the opening session the God of Israel has been preached, the 'congresses before they have ended, will travel far from him and his Word, and come no nearer the teachings of his Son than do they who deny him. W. H. M. THAT men are still willing to go to prison for their faith has been recently demonstrated in our own land, in the cases of Seventh-day Adventists in Ten-nessee and Maryland; and that death it-self has no terrors to the true Christian is evidenced by the following, from a recent number of the Independent:Š News has just reached us from Persia of the death of Mirza Ibrahim, imprisoned for more than a year in Tabriz, for abandoning Mohammedanism, and accepting Christ as his Saviour. During this period, jailer and guards have heaped upon him shameful indignities and brutal outrages. How he has survived so long is a matter of wonder. He has borne it all with the utmost patience, and in unfaltering loyalty to Christ. Boldly and yet ten-derly has he preached Jesus 'to his cruel jailer and his fellow-prisoners, some of whom have been won by him to better ways. But he died at last from the violence of the baser prisoners, who, throttling him again and again, demanded, "Is it Esa [Jesus] or Ali," and every time the answer came back, " It is Esa." His throat was so injured that he died shortly after, as much a martyr to the faith of Jesus as any on the record of the Christian Church. The whole story has great significance for the future of the gospel in Persia. Religious bigotry and intolerance is as cruel as the grave wherever it exists. The spirit that simply imprisons men in this country and works them in the chain-gang for practical dissent from the popu-lar faith, is the same that persecuted to the death in Persia. THE Minister of Railways, Telegraphs and Posts of Belgium, is an extremely religious man, and wishing to secure the suspension of Sunday mails, he has adopted a Sunday or non-Sunday stamp, with a tag separated from the main part of the stamp by the usual perforations, and announcing in two languagesŠin French and in DutchŠthe fact that the letter is not to be delivered on Sunday. The inscription in French reads: " Ne pas livrer le Dimanche; " in Dutch : " Niet bestellen op Zondag." If the persons using these stamps have no religious scru-ples against their letters being delivered on Sunday, all they have to do is to tear off the tag containing the order and place the upper portion of the stamp upon the envelope. It will be observed that all stamps have the non-Sunday tag, and that those who have no scruples are required to tear the tag off or else be counted as desiring the suspension of Sunday mails. Tho careless, the indifferent and the ig-norant will, in this way, all be reckoned as opposed to Sunday mails. The scheme is quite worthy of the Sunday cause. A NEW YORK clergyman makes the following statement : " Our duty is to be American even before we are Christians." This is absurd. The United States inter-feres with no man's creed or belief, and at the present time no church shows any signs of making any demands upon its members calculated to put them in a po-sition of antagonism to the laws of ad-ministration of the country. There is no possibility in a constitutional way of re-ligious conduct and civil conduct being brought into antagonism.ŠEvening Sun. 