equal and •xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or cersuaion, religious or 'Political,ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JUNE 2, 1892. NUMBER 22. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALorrzo T. JONES, ASSOCIATE BVITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. A PITTSBURG paper asserts that On a recent Sunday, Law and Order spies tried to keep the employes of a circus, that hap-pened to be in the city, from feeding the animals. " Nothing," it remarks, "is too mean for the emissaries of Mr. McClure." IT is stated that Rev. Anna Shaw was asked to speak at the temperance conven-tion in Boston on the question of opening the World's Fair on Sunday. But the lady had a mind of her own, and promptly replied : " you had better not call on me, for I don't believe in playing into the devil's hands by making Sunday a dull day. I am in favor of opening the Fair on the people's chief holiday." -0- TN a speech in a meeting, in Omaha, recently held in the interest of Sunday observance, Bishop Ninde expressed the opinion that there is little use to expect the people to keep the Sabbath holy until the church has won the masses to Chris-tianity. He wanted to see the ministers get hold of the masses. There are people who make light of popular preachers, but he is ready at all times to take off his hat to the man who can draw the masses to hear the word of God. The church should go after the millions, no matter what their condition is. The churches of the present day have gotten into the habit of shifting along to keep up with the rich, instead of going after the masses everywhere and under all circumstances. He believes that if the churches would take hold in earnest and work for the sal-vation and conversion of every rank and  class of humanity, the great Sabbath question would soon solve itself. The Bishop was loudly applauded, but just the same the usual appeal was made to the arm of flesh in the shape of a demand for enforced Sunday rest. " THE approaching summer," says the Congregationalist (Boston), "will find hun-dreds of trains running over the railroads of our State every Sunday. Some of these trains will be used wholly for business purposes, but most will be filled with pleasure seekers, and will be arranged to secure this patronage. It is only just to say that on these trains will be some re-ligious people bound on distinctly reli-gious errands. If our Sunday trains ex-isted only to accommodate notoriously wicked people they would hardly be called a problem." That is to say rg religious people did not use Sunday trains for religious pur-poses they would not 'be tolerated ! And that is only to say that Sunday belongs so wholly to religion and to religious people that it ought to be controlled wholly in their interests. It is a good thing that such papers as the Congregationalist speak out plainly upon this question. It will do much to clear away the "civil Sab-bath" fog which the American Sabbath Union has caused to settle around the Sun-day question. _0._ IN giving a history of Plymouth Col-ony, Mass., Governor Bradford concludes the record of 1621, thus:Š And here I shall end this year; only I shall re-member one passage more, rather of mirth than of weight. On the day called Christmas Day, the governor called them out to work (as was used), but the most of this new cc mpany excused them-selves, and said it went against their conscience to work on that day. So the governor told them that if they made it a matter of conscience, he would spare them until they were better informed. So he led away the rest and left them; but when they came home at noon from their work he found them in the streets at play openlyŠsome pitching the bar and some at stool-ball and such like sports. So he went to them, and took away their imple-ments, and told them that it was against his con- science that they should play and others work. If they made the keeping of it a matter of devotion, let them keep their houses, but there should be no gaming or reveling in the streets. If the ultra Sunday law advocates could be treated in a similar fashion so as to bring down upon their own pates the full force of the logic of their movement, they might see the injustice and tyranny there is in it. If those whose consciences are disturbed by open picture galleries and moving cars on Sunday, were forbidden to look at their own pictures, or to ride in their own carriages, or to require their servants to wait upon them on that day, they might discover that other people have rights that ought to be respected. -0- SPEAKING to the resolution before the Methodist General Conference, in Omaha, in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, Dr. F. D. Blakeslee, a delegate from the New England Southern Confer-ence, said :Š I represent that little spot on the map of this great continent, a little speck which men call Rhode Island. It is, as I am accustomed to say, the pluck-iest State in the Union. Many facts in our history are explanatory of my last remark. One particu-larly relates to this subject. Many of us remember that colossal engine at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, the product of Rhode Island skill and industry. It was proposed there to open those gates on Sunday. George H. Corliss, the maker of that engine, said: "Gentlemen, you have it in your power to vote to open the doors of this Exposition, and I suppose I can not prevent it; but, gentlemen, that engine is mine, and it shall do no work on God's holy day," and it did no work, and the gates were closed; thanks to the Rhode Island man. I have the honor, also, to represent the Conference which has within its bounds "Old Plymouth Rock,' so suggestive of the action of our Pilgrim fore-fathers, who laid in righteousness the broad foun-dation of this Christian Republic. Representing as I do Rhode Island and New England Southern Con-ference, I do hope that this General Conference will unanimously, and by a rising vote, pass the resolu-tion that is now presented to us. Of course Mr. Corliss had a perfect right to say that his engine should not be run on Sunday, although he should have so stipulated in the first place and not have waited until the Exposition was 