698 AMERICAN SENTINEL. which bears upon the question of the disposition to be made of church property in those islands:Š "I have now seen much of the country and the peo-ple in that part of Luzon for about fifty miles north of Manila. In every town there is a magnificent stone church and a convent or monastery. The insurgents have a great antipathy to the priesthood or friars and they have dismantled many of the churches. The value of the church and monastery of a town seems to be equal in many cases to the value of all the other build-ings in the town. The more I talk to the people the more I am convinced that the insurgents are actuated, in a measure, by a spirit of communism, and in their talks, their most serious objection to the church seems to be the fact that ecclesiastical organizations own so much of the property, and one of Aguinaldo's most 'earnest demands is that the church's property be confis-cated." WHILE the nation is bestowing so much honor on Admiral Dewey, it is interesting by way of contrast to note that the first man who ever became conspicuous in American naval history, John Paul Jones,lies in a grave the location of which the American nation does not even know. In capturing the British ship "Serapis" with his ship the "Bon Homme Richard," which was in every way inferior to that of his adversary, and which was so much damaged in the fight that it sank down after the engagement, John Paul Jones achieved a much greater feat than did Dewey at Manila,Šgreater probably than any other mentioned in American naval annals. Yet not only is his grave unknown, but it appears probable that actual dishonor is joined with oblivion over his re-mains. A leading journal of this city says:Š "The place of his burial cannot now be determined, although a thorough investigation of the records has been made. It was thought that he was buried in Picpus Cemetery, Paris, where the remains of Lafayette lie, but it has been determined positively that such was not the case. A more likely supposition is that advanced by Mr. Henry Vignaud, of the American Embassy at Paris, who investigated the case, that, owing to the custom prevailing at the time of Jones's burial, the remains were deposited in a rented grave for a term of years,and upon the expiration of the lease the bones were thrown into the potter's field."  adopt heroic measures to establish American authority. Archbishop Chapelle, the Vatican's delegate to the isl-ands, says the World, "is understood to view the action of Captain Leary with great disfavor," and "expressed the opinion that it was an outrage;" as no doubt it was from the Catholic point of view. * "Is IT not surprising," asks the Ram's Horn, that "if, as the Secretary of War says, 9,999,000 of the sup-positious 10,000,000 population of the Philippines are our true and good friends," "they do not show their appreciation of our civilizing administration of their affairs, by purchasing our goods to a greater extent than $404,171 during a whole half year?" * * * "In other words, while we have been supporting an army in the Philippines for the chief purpose of opening trade (and securing the Roman Catholic Church in its ownership of lands in jeopardy) at a cost of four or five million dollars a month, our enterprising merchants have only been able to sell goods at the rate of $65,000, on which the monthlyprofit could scarcelybe more than $10,000. In other words, while we are making a little over $100,000 a year in our export trade in the Philip-pines, which is an annual income of about a tenth of a cent for each of our population, we are spending, safely, $50,000,000 a year for the purpose of proving to those obtuse heathen that we are determined to civilize them." * It further appears from the Treasury Report, says the Ram's Horn, that "of the total merchandise shipped there by us in a single month, nearly one fourth of it, measured by money value, consisted of Alcoholic liquors." * * ONE question that is before the Vatican for settle-ment, says an English Catholic authority, is whether "absolution" given by telephone, is valid. As the pope recently decided that his blessing received by biograph was as potent as when received in the accustomed way, it would seem that absolution by telephone might be allowed. * * * * * CAPTAIN LEARY, naval governor of Guam, the larg-est island of the Ladione group, has found it necessary to the establishment of his authority in the island, to expel from it all but one of the seven Catholic friars who had practical control of affairs under the Spanish re-gime. In a report to Washington Captain Leary states that the friars resisted every decree and effort at reform, mo matter of what character, and he was forced to SPEAKING of the question whether the "open door" policy of England or the "shut door" policy of Russia is to prevail in China, Mr. William Durban, who has trav-eled extensively in Asia, says in The Outlook:Š "The English mind is wedded to the doctrine of the `opendoor,' and the Russian to that of the 'closed door;' but these doctrines, unfortunately, cannot be carried into practise without interference with the people who happen to live behind the door. England can keep the 