AMERICAN SENTINEL. 187 of church-and state controversy in Australia. A sudden revolution has taken place in the sentiment which seemed to be prevailing in the Federal Assembly against any union of church and state, and it came about on this wise. A motion was before the Assembly which was to incorporate in the fundamental law a provision that no state should enact any law interfering with the free exer-cise of religion. An amendment was offered to this, to the effect that no law of this kind should be passed by either a state or the Federal Government. Immediately an objection was raised, and the objection was that if such a provision were incorporated in the fundamental law, it would shut off any legislation for the observance of Sun-day. But this was not all; the objector said further that the Seventh-day Adventists were there as the advocates of the principle of no state interference with religion, and that if this principle should be put into the Constitution, it would be a surrender to the Adventists. The result was that both the proposed amendment and the original proposition were swept aside altogether, and both state and federal governments are left wholly free to enact as much religious legislation as they may choose; and with a strong hint thus handed down to them that they are expected to enact some legislation of this kind, and espe-cially some against the Seventh-day Adventists. So much for the effect of clerical lobbying in shaping the for-tunesŠor the misfortunes rather of the new-born Austra-lian Federation. The Papal Church-and-State Program in France. IN the light of facts which are given full publicity in lands where passing events are open to the view of all the civilized world, it is strange that intelligent people in this country should believe that the purpose of the pa-pacy is not a union of church and state. Note the testi-mony upon this point which is furnished by the clerical program in France, as set forth by a clerical organ in that country. We quote this with accompanying com-ments from the Independent (N. Y.), of March 10:Š "Just how French clericalism proposes to make use of the present state of affairs in that republic is indi-cated by the official party election program as pub-lished in the Revue des Clergo Francais. It begins as follows:Š " 'The church has the recognized right to govern not only individuals and families, but also nations. In other words, the state is not independent of the church; it is the state's duty to accept, confess, and protect the Cath-olic religion. It is the object of the state to protect the secular welfare Ł of the people; but it is the sphere of the church to guard their eternal happiness. The sphere of the church is accordingly infinitely higher than that of the state, and the latter sphere is sub-ordinate to the former. This subordination of ends brings with it, also, the subordination of means, and, as a result of this, it is apparent that the state is subor-dinate to the church. Nothing can overthrow this ar-gument' "As a consequence of this position the program main-tain§ that it is the duty of the state to render all possible service.  to the church. The church is both a divine and a human association, and possesses power to teach, to make laws and to inflict punishment; she has the right to punish heretics -with 'material' punishments, i. e., fines, etc.; she further has the right to ask of the state to use the powers at her command for carrying out the spiritual interest which it is the function of the church to preserve and protect. The program concludes with these words:Š " By divine right the pope is the head of the church, the authority as the exponent of the highest morality which has the right of prescribing to the princes the direc-tions and rules which they are in duty bound to observe in the government of their states.' "The official election program of the 'Catholic Repub-lican Election Federation of 1898,' which has its head-quarters in Paris, and has been making an active canvass since November, is somewhat milder in tone and tendency. This program laments the fact that hitherto the republic has been antagonistic to the highest interests of religion, and makes the following demands: (1) honest acceptance of the republican principle of government; (2) reforms of the laws which have been enacted against the Catholic Church; (3) harmonious cooperation with all those who are striving for a reign of peace and freedom and jus-tice. In spite of this peaceful program, it is generally thought that the aim of Federation is just as much a theocracy as that of the Catholic party proper, namely, the clericalization of the republic, including the army. At any rate, this is the view of leading European church papers." An Episcopalian Protest. AN Episcopalian who writes to the Washington Post, under date of March 4, takes his church to task for en-gaging in the movement for a Sunday law, which he truthfully declares is and must remain a political ques-tion. He says: "Editor Post: I am very sorry, as a member of the Protestant Episcopal Church, to read in the Post the question that has been raised as to the Sunday law in this district, in which the Protestant Episcopal Church is interesting itself in a question which, in my humble opin-ion, should be left to persons outside of the church of any denomination. I have always loved the Episcopal Church for the reason that it has never meddled in politics. And the Sunday law must always be a political question. "No greater evidence can be shown, of this fact than the result of the election in New York City last fallŠVan Wyck's election was aided in a great measure by the fail-ure of the Sunday laws in New York City. . . . Leave the Sunday laws alone, particularly in this city. Let any unprejudiced person walk the streets of this city any Sun-day and see if it is as quiet as any country village in any locality where any decent person is ever seen. . . . Please let it be known, once for all, that the Episcopal Church is out of political questions, and that Sunday observance must always be a political question. "S. E. GITTINGS " 