2$6 AMMEtlICA.N sENT'INTR7r4. VOL. 8, No. Se, Whatever may be the case with individ-uals, it is certain that the majority of men find an extreme difficulty in long resisting constant temptation. And when the temptation comes to them in the shape of honor and emolument, they are too often ready to profess the dominant opinions, and abandon, not indeed their belief, but the external marks by which that belief is made public. Every man " who takes this step is a hypocrite; and every gov-ernment which encourages this step to be taken, is an abettor of hypocrisy and a creator of hypocrites. Well, therefore, may we say, that when a government holds out as a bait, that those who profess certain opinions shall enjoy certain privi-leges, it plays the part of the tempter of old, and, like the evil one, basely offers the good things of this world to him who will change his worship and deny his faith."ŠBuckle's History of Civilization. San Francisco's Midwinter Fair. AUGUST 24 was the occasion of an en-thusiastic demonstration in San Francisco, when ground was broken for the contem-plated buildings and other improvements connected with the Midwinter Fair. A large number of invitations were sent out by the Executive Committee, the ministers of the city being amongst the number thus honored. One of these, Rev. E. B. Stew-art, of the Second United Presbyterian Church, sent a letter in reply, in which was this statement :Š As one who entered emphatic protest against attendance upon the World's Fair at Chicago because of the violation both of national and of di-vine laws, duty is clearly setting before me the necessity of avoiding even so much complicity in this enterprise until assurance is had that its gates shall be closed on the Sabbath. Such assurance I do not have at present, and therefore must beg leave to decline with regret the invitation so cour-teously given. The committee did not take any formal action on the letter, but Gen. W. H. L. Barnes, of the committee, returned a some-what caustic response, in which occurred these sentiments :Š In common with all other clergymen of all reli-gious denominations of San Francisco, you were in-vited to be present at the inauguration of an enter-prise whose importance to the State, to the general education, and to the highest expression of Chris-tianityŠcharity to the poor and labor to the labor-lessŠcannot at this time be exaggerated. We regret that, as a teacher of the people, you withhold your sanction and presence on such an occasion. The celebration will, nevertheless, take place. It will be opened with prayer and finished with a benediction, implored of that Divine Power whose aid in our work we seek. We hope he will be present, if you are not, and we believe he will. This is what the Examiner calls Execu-tive Committee's " first brush with the Sunday-closing idea. " But the "Sunday-closing idea" has been preparing for an extended " brush " with the management of the Fair if the latter does not uncondi-tionally make the desired concession. The Presbyterian ministers of San Francisco and Oakland have taken their stand for closing; the Christian Endeavor Society has also spoken, and other religious asso-ciations, temperance societies, and some industrial organizations are also expected to join the crusade. Inasmuch as the leading counties and principal cities of the State will take a deep interest in the Fair, we may expect to see a determined trial of strength on the part of all the forces usu-ally conspicuous in the advocacy of Sun-day laws. Nearly all classes of men are predicting an approachicg time of trouble and dis- aster. We believe there is an hour of spiritual darkness even now upon the world, and nothing more forcibly portends this prophetic fact than the intolerant spirit now being manifested in the increas-ing clamor for Sunday laws and their rigid enforcement.ŠSigns of the Times. Character Revealed. THE following from the New York Christian Advocate of the 24th ult., will be of interest, especially to those of our readers who remember the controversy of some four years ago between the gentle-man referred to and the editors of the SENTINEL :Š The Rev. W. F. Crafts sends this note:Š Editor Christian Advocate: Please publish the statements made in your editorial of July 20, page 1, third column, from, "Nor do we" to the end, in parallel columns with your edito-rial of Aug. 10, two paragraphs, same part of page 1, beginning, " We observe," and let our readers judge whether the state-ment in the telegram of the World's Fair Sabbath-closing Committee that you believe or suspected that the Stein injunc-tion would be used as "a trick" was warranted by your words. In the above Mr. Crafts misquotes his telegram. It was this:Š Many, including the editor of the Christian Advocate, Dr. Buckley, think the Stein injunction is passively used as a trick. On that telegram we said:Š We observe a telegram in the Tribune stating that the editor of this paper is of the opinion that that is a trick, a collusion between the directory and the local courts, and they may get the benefits of endeavoring to closeŠthe sympathy of Christian people, increased attendance on week days, and still under the appearance of being compelled to do so, keep open on Sunday. There is no authority for that statement. Nat we have said is that there is nothing in the past conduct of the directory to afford a guarantee that they would not do this, and that nothing they do affords a guarantee that the Fair will be closed so long as this injunction case is unsettled. What Mr. Crafts wishes us to reprint is from the Christian Advocate of July 20 :Š Nor do we know now that there is not a secret understanding that local courts shall prevent closing, and thus the directory shirk responsibility. Both the movements of the evil one have been illustrated; he has gone about "roaring," and now he may be trying the role of an " angel of light." When it is settled that the Fair is to be closed, then, and not till then, can those whose consciences would compel them to remain away be justified in attending. It is dangerous to do business with a person who will transform "Nor do we know" and "may be" into "think." "We do not know" but this transaction " may" reveal the elements of his character which have developed the genius for misunderstandings with which we " think " he and his acquaintances have to contend. Like the locusts of Rev. 9 : 10, the sting of the Advocate's reply is in its tail; but it is eminently deserved. But it is not at all likely that any reformation will be effected in the case in hand. When a man has once acquired the unfortunate habit of stating things not as they are but as he would have them, he is seldom able to break away from it. Constitu-tional diseases are well-nigh hopeless. The Jury Understands It. The Soldier, It National Reform paper published in South Carolina, publishes the following report by a Texas grand jury:Š To Hon. S. P. Green, Judge of the Forty-eighth District of Tarrant County, Texas. DEAR SIR : We, the undersigned grand jury, would respectfully report that we have made dili-gent inquiry into all crimes and misdemeanors that have come to our knowledge ; that we have found 333 bills of indictment, a large portion of them being for violations of the Sabbath law. The dis-position of a great many business men to disregard the Sabbath seems to be growing to an alarming extent. While this does not apply to all lines of business, yet it does exist, and unless there is a united effort on the part of all law-abiding citizens to enforce the law, no one can foretell the result, as all the larger crimes are a result of disregard for law in minor offenses. It is urged that Sunday laws are only civil, and that they are not designed to enforce Sabbath observance, but this is  negatived by this report. The law of Texas uses the word " Sabbath " only once, to which we shall recur later; but the jury evidently understand its intent, as the report deals only with "the Sab-bath law." It is not the law which is disregarded, but " the disposition of a great many business men to disregard the Sabbath seems to be growing." And the jury seem to have regarded it as their duty to compel these business men to regard "the Sabbath." In esteeming it to be their duty under the law to compel men to regard " the Sabbath," the grand jury of Tarrant County, Texas, were in perfect accord with the law. The statute under which they were acting, as before remarked, uses the term " Sabbath" only once, and that not to forbid labor or business upon it, but it none the less does show plainly that it is the purpose of the law to compel men to regard the " Sabbath," or the day which is popularly supposed to be the Sabbath ; for after forbidding common labor and business on Sunday the law makes certain exemptions, and among others, this : " Nor to any person who conscientiously believes that the seventh or any other day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually rsfrains from business and labor on that day for religious reasons." This fully justifies the Tarrant County grand jury in the interpretation which they put upon the law : its intent is to compel Sabbath observance, and that for religious reasons. It simply gives the people of Texas oppor-tunity to choose the day upon which they will practice such observance. THE Home Rule bill provides that " the powers of the Irish legislature shall not extend to the making of any law respect-ing the establishment or endowment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or imposing any disability, or con-ferring any privilege on account of reli-gious belief, or abrogating or prejudi-cially affecting the right to establish or maintain any place of denominational edu-cation or any denominational institution or charity, or prejudicially affecting the right of any child to attend a school re-ceiving public money without attending the religious instruction at the school; or whereby any person will be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due proc-ess of law, or may be denied the equal protection of the laws, or whereby private property may be taken without just com-pensation." A similar prohibition on the British Parliament would be a good thing; or are such things supposed to be wrong only in Roman Catholics ? REV. CHRISTIAN ADOLF STOECKER, ex-chaplain of the Court of Berlin, arrived in New York from Europe on Friday last. It is stated that he intends to deliver a series of lectures on Christian socialism, and also on anti-Semitism. It is as a Jew-baiter that the ex-chaplain is best known in his native land. He will find sympathizers on "the East Side," the " tough quarter " of this city. If the doctor would only transfer the scene of his operations to Maryland or Tennessee, and make Adventists instead of Jews the objects of his wrath, he would doubtless be warmly welcomed by the American Sabbath Union and its allies. It would require no change of principle. 