108 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. petual memorial, of his resurrection, and that it was confirmed by apostolic precept and example. Now this convention evidently met to organize for the purpose of securing stricter Sunday legislation. We would like to inquire what that resolution has to do with -the securing of so-called - civil Sunday laws in harmony, as they say, with our Federal Constitution ? No one doubts their civil right to believe that, or to believe anything else they choose; but the right to force others by law to believe it, or to force them to act as though they believed it, is a very different thing. If they really had a good reason for their belief, they would be content to show that reason to others, and then trust to the awakening of their moral sense for stricter Sunday observance. Truth has always been willing to stand on its own foundation, trusting to its own inherent strength. The' early Christian Church while it remained true to the sim-ple and beautiful principles that Jesus and, the apostles taught, needed not the support of the civil power. Strong in the power- of truth, which is the power of God, it went forth conquering and to con-qner, and in spite of the civil power, in spite of an established and venerable, pa-ganism, in spite of the-  world, the flesh, and the devil, it did conquer till the gos-pel was preached to the civilized world. It was only- after, according to Gavazzi, " a pagan flood, flowing into the Church, had carried with it its customs, practices, and ftill 'the teaching of the Church was false instead of true, that the Church sought the support of the civil power. Then an unholy alliance was made with the unholy State, and Christianity and the world darkened down into a night of a thousand years. We repeat, in history it has not been the true but the false in religion that has ever sought the .support of the civil power, and it has sought such support that it might force for a little longer upon the minds and consciences of men :dogmas that they were outgrowing. Thisis ,the :philosophy f religious leg, islation. and Of persecution. f-Wiev(e& :in this light it. is,:easy,,,to-  see what relation that. resolution lias,,-to-  the :effort -of - the _Sabbath, :UnionAck seciire Sunday claws. Chamber: ncyclOPedia;" article " Sab-bath., ":13,aathe following AkWhat.date the- Sunday; or the first day of the weelr, began-to be generally used by Christians as a stated time for religious worship, we have no definite information either in the New Testament or in the writings of the fathers of the Church: By none.  f the fathers before the fourth century was it identified with the Sabbath, nor is the duty of ob-serving it grounded by them either on the fourth commandment, or on the precept or example of Jesus or his apostles. Kitto, in. his "Encyclopedia of Biblical Literature," article " Lord's Day," says:Š we will merely remark that though in latr times we find considerable reference to a sort of consecra-tion of the day,- it does not seem at any period of the ancient ChUrch to have assumed the form of such an observance as some modern yeligious com- munities have contended for. Nor do these writers in any instance pretend to allege any divine coin-mend or even apostolic practice in support of it. So we see that, though such a doctrine was never taught by Christ, or the apos-tles, or by the Christian Church for the first four centuries, the American Sabbath Union now declares that Christ and the apostles changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week; and as in the case of all past religious legisla-tion, because they have no better evidence for their belief than mere assertion, they seek to force it upon the world by the civil power. This is the only relation that resolution can have to the object of their convention to secure stricter Sunday laws. Not that they would have any more right to enforce that belief by law, if it; were true; but that if it were true, and they could show it to be true by undis-puted evidence, that .would -suffice, and they would not be, found trying to compel such belief and practice by law. One more resolution I will notice. It is the third, and reads as follows.:Š Resolved, That we will resist all attempts to divest the Christian Sabbath, as a day of rest and worship of the sacredness of the divine law. N with e e vjt a bl e result of all attempts to enfottee the, divine law by the civil power, iCtO " that law of the stt-Ł credness:of divinityjhrel,to lower it to the standard of human civility. The divine law reaches -to the thoughts =arid intents of- the heart. The civil power, though backed by all the -infernal machinery of an Inquisition; can only occasionally reach the thoughts and enforce that law. It follows that in the great majority of cases its greatest attempts to enforce religion and divine morality result only in the en- forcing of human civility, that is, it takes cognizance- of the -act only and not of the thought, or if -it occasionally does reach the thoughts through torture, even then it fails- to bring them to submission, As the State-comes to be acknowledged as the authorized teacher and enforcer of religion and morals, and it only punishes the-.-outward act,. the conception  of the divine law in the public mind is soon. low-ered to the -mere-  human standard of Out- ward-sin; - Evemin the theocracy of Israel; after it ceased -to be a true theocracy., by re-jecting God as king, and neglecting the warnings of his prophets, this was the inevitable result. They came to think that unless a man broke the law of the State againSt murder, however much he Might hate his brother and wish :-to kill him, he had not broken the divine law, which says, " Thou shalt not kill;" Mid however lustful they -might be, r ufileSs they committed the open act they Were -not adulterers. Jesus had to teach theixi otherwiSei and magnified the law by lift-ing it to its high position in the heart. So while the American Sabbath Union resolves that they will resist all attemptS  to divest the Christian Sabbath -of the sacredness of the divine law, if what they call the "-Christian Sabbath" ever had any such sacredness,- they themselves -by seeking to enforce it by the civil power, upon all, whether they recognize its divine sacredness or not, are doing more than all others combined to lower it to a mere civil institution. Verily consistency is a jewel. G. E. FIFIELD. Despotism of One or ManyŠWhich? MANY people seem to think that the majority should always have their own way; that it is only necessary to ascertain What is the will of the majority, and then to carry out - that will at- whatever cost;  If somebody's rights are in the wayŠwhy, so much the worse for the rights, thats all. If some one objects to such high-handed interference With- that which is most sacred and dear, and without which life itself -has no charmŠhe is confronted with the reply, "The majority has rights as well -as you," and then he is treated all -the Worse. for his-  insolence. Thus it has ever been since power has been with the people. Vox populi, Vox Dei, is the cry, and they indeavor to carry out that voice, private rights to the contrary notwith-standing. It was intended, however, when the American Government was established, to give this theoryŠaa well as the theory of the divine right of kingsŠits death-blow -- in this country. In nearly every State paper, notably the Declaration of Independence, and the Constitution of the United States,Šthe inalienable rights -of manor the existence of - the eternal law of justice was asserted, and the framers of these immortal documents were not at all careful abotit concealing the meaning of the words used. They asserted, and they meant to assert, that there are certain in-herent and inalienable rights in man, given by his Creator, that no :power on earth, whether it be a- Solomon in all his glory- Or a majority of ;teeming millions, has a right to molest Or in any way inter-fere with. .GOerxiinents may be estab-lished for the protection- of these rights, but any ;encroachment --Upon such rights is .an illegitimate Use :of. the power en-7  trusted, tyranny; and should be so stigmatized, " The - rulers who are guilty of 'Such-  an endroaeliMent;" says Madison in-hig fanieus Virginia-Memorial,' exceed the ConimissioiCfrem Which they derive their .tiutliority,-: and are tyrants. The people-irheistibmit to it are governed by law& inede: neither by themselves nor by an 'authority.derived fibru them, and are Slaves:".. Jefferson likewise asserted that "-our legislatorg 'are _not sufficiently ap-prised of the -rightfill 'limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce' only our `natural rights and &tities, and to take none of them from us." This principle not only laid down 