450 AMERICAN SENTINEL. worldly men, equally with those who profess religion, participate in the government, and any scheme for a less worldly government must contemplate withdrawing the franchise from worldly people. This could not be done, and if it could, by that very act would the government proclaim itself to be more hopelessly unchristian than before. The right of self-government is proclaimed by Christianity for every -man, whether good or bad. Without self-government, no man can be fit for the king-dom of God. Politics cannot be separated from the world; and the attempt to purify politics and to cleanse the temples of civil government, is an attempt to purify the world. In the Christian sense of purification, it cannot be done. The world cannot be purified. Whatever is of the world must be destroyed, and is reserved unto destruction, against the future day so vaphically portrayed in the second epistle of Peter. The attempt, therefore, to purify politics, Congress, and the legislatures, in the name of Christianity, is a tre-mendous mistake and can only end in complete failure and disappointment. It aims at governmental rather than individual salvation, and rejects the individuals who mobt need saving. Christianity seeks out the most sinful and erring, not to cast them out but to save them. It brings to them not condemnation, but par-don and hope. It knows no salvation that is not of the individual. "A Strange Fourth of July." THE New York Sun comments upon a "Strange Fourth of July in Hawaii," saying that an orator deliv-ering an address might speak of "the President," the "Constitution," or "the flag," without having it under-stood by- his audience whether he meant President McKinley or President Dole, the Constitution of the United States or that of Hawaii, the flag of the one country or that of the other. It appears that Mr. Dole is still acting in the capacity of President of the Island government, the Constitution of the Hawaiian republic is still in many respects the fundamental law, and the Hawaiian flag is still officially recognized. "No wonder," says the Sun, "that at an enormous mass-meeting in Honolulu on the Fourth of July, the American or rather Americanoid citizens there assem-bled . . . should adopt a preamble setting forth their weariness of the present state of uncertainty and confusion, and a resolution as follows:Š "`That this assemblage earnestly and respectfully asks of President McKinley and his advisers and the Congress of the United States to take such action as will cause the speedy extension of American territorial laws to Hawaii." But in the way of their hopes stands the decision reached by the United States Government, that the  island possessions recently acquired are merely the prop-erty, and not a part, of the United States. Considering that these islands are populated mostly by people of inferior and uncivilized races, it is much more convenient for the Government to treat them as its property than as territories entitled to enter the American Union. So while it was a "strange Fourth of July" that was celebrated at Honolulu, it was a perfectly natural one under the new policy of imperialism. Indeed, under that policy a fourth-of-July celebration is logically a strange thing anywhere. Would Christianity Lose Anything? A GREAT outcry is raised over the growing desecra-tion of the "American Sabbath," and the breaking down of all barriers which restrain it is set before us as a pos-sible stupendous calamity, to avert which proper legis-lation must be earnestly invoked. Suppose all barriers were removed; suppose every-body in every State were left perfectly free to observe Sunday or not, to rest or to work or to play, just as he might feel inclined: would the church lose anything by it? Would Christianity lose anything? Would not every Christian in the land keep the Sabbath just the same as before? Yes; every church member who is a Christian would be true to his convictions of duty; and the world, whether in the church or out of it, would sim-ply act as it is in their hearts to act, as regards Sab-bath observance. And as the church has nothing to gain from worldly people in her fold, and as such people only do her harm, it is plain that the removal and com-plete breaking down of all man-made barriers about the Sabbath would not only do no harm to the Christian Church, but would be much to her advantage. The line of demarcation between the true church and the world would only be more sharply drawn, and that would al-ways be to the advantage of the church. Reform Should Begin at Home. THE actors' society of America has published the following resolution as a declaration of its attitude to ward Sunday theaters:Š "Whereas, the usages of Christian civilization and the customs of our forefathers have ever observed one day in the week as a day of rest; and whereas, we believe that one day in the week may be with advantage to the actor always respected as a day of rest and of moral culture; therefore, resolved, that as a society, we object to theatrical performances at any hour of the day on Sunday, and will always use whatever legal influence we may have to suppress the same." It may be inferred, though it is not declared, that the actors will use their moral as well as their legal in- 