THE SENTINEL OF'LIIE$ERTY. 653 humanity's sake. We must be faithful to our trust to civilize and Christianize these new possessions. We are not to be turned aside by the cry of impe-rialism,' but, standing with the sword in one hand and the olive branch of peace in the other, we say to all concerned: We are doing a great work and can not be downed.' * * * God means that the American Government shall shine out as a light-house among the nations." He is turning and over-turning that he, whose right it is, may reign King of nations as he is King of saints. No nation 'lives to itself; we are our brother's keeper. America has been in training long enough. The clock strikes the hour and we must marshal our host for the great battle. * * * We deprecate the,-saloon curse which is 'blighting our new possessions, but under the conquering reign of our Emmanuel, rum, Romanism, and idolatry are doomed and the final victory as-sured." The closing words of this paragraph have given great offense to Catholics, The Standard and Times of Philadelphia says: " Rum, Romanism, and Rebellion ' was the slogan at a time when a crisis like the present was at hand, and the cry had a boomerang effect upon the fools who resorted to it. Those who paraphrase it now ought to be left to the tender mercy of the Prohibi-tionists and the Women's Christian'Temperance Union. But here we see the most barefaced merg-ing of religion and politics and no Babbits standing up in their pulpits to denounce the howling der-vishes who seek to place Christianity on the same plane as the hideous doctrines of the impostor of Arabia." It is probably true that the Catholics, if united, would hold the balance of power as between the two great parties in this country, and that they haVe the power to defeat any man or party particularly obnox-ious' to them. It remains to be seen whether" rum, Romanism, and idolatry " will have as great an in-fluence on the present campaign as did Mr. Burch-ard's " Rum, Romanism, and Rebellion " sixteen years ago. .4 .0 MARQUIS ITO, premier of Japan and a statesman of acknowledged ability, says Peking should be evacuated, the empress and court Perri-fitted to re-turn, and negotiations should come afterward. Otherwise, he says, further aggressive meaSures will plunge the whole empire into war 'and chaos will reign for years. It is thought that this view of the situation will _prevail. .4 .4 GENERAL ANDERSON, who commanded the first military expeditionŁsent to the Philippine Islands, in discussing the standing of the mendicant orders in those islands, says: " I think our Catholic fellow-citizens make a mistake in giving their sympathies to the friars and not to their simple-minded yet sin-cere coreligionists who have been badly treated by them.. There are some good men among them, but many, I fear very many, have not led edifying lives." General Anderson makes an exception, how-ever, of the Jesuits, whose conduct, he says, com-mands respect. - IT was Thomas Jefferson who, in a letter to Francis W. Gilmer, said: "Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightfUl limits of their power; that their true office 'is to declare and en-force only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us." .4 .4 A GOOD BOOK. Ł Do you want to read a thoroughly good book, one that will:b&immeasurably helpful to you in your Christian life? If so, get the " Power for Witness-ing," by A. F. Ballenger, published by the Pacific Press Publishing Company, Oakland, Cal. " PoWer for Witnessing " is, a handsomly bound cloth book of over two hundred pages; price, 7.5 cents. .0 .4 . OUR MAP OF CHINA. We have mailed several hundred of these maps CONSIDERABLE alarm continues to be eXpreSsed becauSe of the triumph in the late elections in Cuba of the Nationalists, who are stigmatized even by such to patrons of THE SENTINEL during the, past few papers as the Independent as "revolutionists." And weeks and have received only words of cominenda-why "revolutionists"? Simply because they demand tion therefor. Our limited supply now, remaining we _absolute independeUee of 'theUnited States. It is shall continue to mail to all purchasers 'at the nomi- Orrereded,—hoWeverithat:-a.,-lhajoritY of:the:delegates . price of fifteen cents,. Order .your copy of -this to the convention are' men O.0114y.'Ł'‚.. map of China before it is too late. 