460 AMERICAN SENTINEL. development, the original concept remains, time-honored and revered, because of its antiquity and family, tribal or national associations. So natural is the tendency in the human family to follow in the wake of established precedent. So by the influence of earliest associations and by the power of con-firmed habit do the tides of human thought, feeling and belief flow on in the old traditionary ruts, enlarging, deepening, broadening, accumulating influence, prestige and power, as they flow down the ages. Ł Now and then a reformer, moved by the abuses and corruptions of the traditional path, and fired with zeal and eloquence for a new theory, cuts out a new channel of thought and becomes a founder of a new system, sect or government. He, the "father" of that thought, wins "children" to his idea, and they in turn bequeath it to their children, who grow up in the path of that thought, system or creed, and so it is inherited from generation to genera-tion, and winning new adherents from the old traditional path, it grows into a broad and beaten thoroughfare of intellectual life. THE CROOKEDNESS OF HUMAN CONCEPTS. That it is impossible for the path of human tradition to be anything but a "crooked" one is clearly set forth in the Scriptures of truth:Š "If any man think that he knoweth anything, he knoWeth nothing yet as he ought to know." 1 Cor. 8:2. "The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise that they are vain." 1 Cor. 3:20. Again, the Word says:Š "Let no man deceive himself. If any man among -jou seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise. For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness." 1 Cor. 3:18, 19. And again in 1 Cor. 1:19, 20: "For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and I will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent. Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? " In 1 Cor. 2:6, 7, 8. the apostle declares, "Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect : yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought: But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God or-dained before the world unto our glory. Which none of the princes of this world knew : for had they known it they would not have crucified the Lord of glory." "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the ru-diments of the world, and not after Christ." "Which all are to perish with the using, after the commandments and doctrines of men." Col. 2:8, 22. How terrible was Christ's rebuke -to the hypocrite Jews because they had "made the commandments of God of none effect" by their traditions! and he declared unto  them, " But in vain do ye worship me, teaching for doc-trines the commandments of men." Matt. 15 :1-9. From the precedent of Eve's error down to this pres-ent day, all history witnesses to the Lord's testimony that this is "a crooked and perverse generation" (Dent. 32:5; Ps. 125:5; Phil. 2:15). Since, then, it is impossible for us with our natural powers and inclinations to form true right concepts (Prov. 20:24; 21:2; 16:9, 25); since "the world by wisdom have not known God;" since all 'osophies and 'isms of men are "in vain" to teach us the way of truth and right, and without it we shall perish; to whom, then, shall we look for truth and righteousness and life? Where is the source, the fountain-head, of truth and life (for they are inseparable) that we may "seek" and "find" right con-cepts, true judgments and understanding, by which we may "make straight paths for our feet?" The words of Jesus are our answer: "I am the way (Matt. 7:13,14), the truth (John 17:7), and the life (1 John 5:11, 12): no man cometh unto the Father but by me" (John 14:6 also Acts 4:12). "For with thee is the fountain of life; in thy light shall we see light." Ps. 36:9. "In whom (Christ) are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." "For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the godhead bodily." Col. 2:3,9. Here, then, is the Source of all true wisdom, and knowledge, and life; and without Him we "shall not see life." John 3:35, 36. But how is He revealed to us? Jesus has answered that too. "For it is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God." Luke 4:4. " The words°  that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." John 6:63. Paul admonishes the Colossians, "Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom." Col. 3:16. David testified by the Spirit of God, "Thy word is, true from the beginning, and every one of thy righteous judgments endureth forever." "Therefore I esteem all things to be right; and I hate every false way." Ps. 119: 160, 128. " The Word of God is quick and powerful, and sharper than any two edged sword, piercing even to the dividing assunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and the marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Heb. 4:12. Ah, when the Word of God comes into our soul it breaks down all partition walls of "caste" and "set," and ploughs straight through the elegantly-paved thorough-fares of false etiquette, false creed, false sophistries and philosophies of men; for it is "no respecter of persons," titles, nor traditions, though they be hoary with age, and can number their worshipers by millions. It cuts straight through the crookedness of our old accustomed channels of thought, and it seems verily like the "divid-ing asunder of soul and' spirit," "joints and marrow," to surrender to that. Word our life-long habits of thought and action; to step out of the beaten path of custom, and walk alone with God in the "straight and narrow way 