AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 109 seeks it for its profitableness will not find it profitable in the life to come. In answer to "We have cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful work," they will receive " de-part from me, I never knew you." Honesty is the best policy, but he who is honest be-cause it is the best policy is not honest at all. The crying need of the hour is for men of principle: men who are what they are because of principle; men who will stand by their principles and defend them; men who would rather starve than surrender them, rather die than depart from them. " God give us men! a time like this demands Strong minds, great hearts, true faith, and ready hands; Men whom the lusts of offide do not kill; Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy ; Men who possess opinions and a will; Men who have honorŠmen who will not lie; Men who can stand before a demagogue, And condemn his treacherous flatteries without winking; Tall men, sun-crowned, who live above the fog, In public duty and in private thinking; For while the rabble, with their thumb-worn creeds, Their large profession and their little deeds, Mingle in selfish strife, lo ! Goodness weeps, Wrong rules the land, and waiting Justice sleeps." 5- 4-4 -4-- Two events of recent date which were in no way re-lated to each other, yet which have a bearing on the same subject, were, the meeting of the Woman's National Sabbath Alliance at the house of one of New York City's millionaires, January 28, and the Bradley-Martin fancy dress ball at the Hotel Waldorf, February 11. The meaning of the Woman's National Sabbath Alliance is that Woman has come to the "rescue of the sabbath,"Šnot the women of the lower or ordinary walks of life, but those of wealth and high standing in " society," such as figure in the homes of millionaires and in the functions of Washington social life. The meaning of the Bradley-Martin ball,Šwell, that can be left to the judg-ment of the reader. But the question which naturally arises is, Might not these ladies in "high society," who have arisen to "rescue the sabbath," properly begin their reform work a little nearer home? 4.-1 Ł -4 -4 NOTHING worthy of mention took place at the Brad ley-Martin ball at the Hotel Waldorf the evening of the 11th, but several things worthy of note took place just outside of it. One of these was the barricading of a public street leading past the hotel entrance, so that no one could pass along that portion of it unless he was so outlandishly attired as to look like a fool, in which case it was presumed heŠor sheŠwas to be a participant in the ball. The reason this is worthy of note is that there is not a very long step between the barricading of a public thoroughfare by the city's "four hundred" for their own selfish pleasure, and the barricading of public streets by the four hundred thousand at the other end of the social scale, for a purpose not in any way designed to promote the happiness of the rich. SPEAKING of the Senate's amendments to the pro-posed arbitration treaty, the New York Herald of Febru-ary 4, says:Š " We all remember the instantaneous and decisive ef-fect of Mr. Olney's manifesto on the question of recogniz-ing belligerency or independence. He told the Senate they had nothing to do with it; that recognition was a purely Executive function, and that the Executive would not relinquish it. There was some senatorial spluttering for a few days. Then it was clearly seen and universally admitted that Mr. Olney was right, and the swagger about his `defiance of Congress' subsided. In the matter of ratification, the constitutional right of the Senate is, of course, beyond dispute, and nobody disputes it. But what the President and Secretary of State can do is to compel the Senate to choose between ratification and re-jection." This is the language of that monarchial spirit whose growth in the United States constitutes a significant sign of the times. Ł I ŁŁ ONE of the first official acts of the President-elect, after his inauguration, will be, it is said, to call a special session of Congress, to convene about the middle of March. The "reform" lobbyists which infest the halls of the Capitol may be expected to seize upon the earliest possible opportunity to introduce their measures for the subversion of American principles of government, and the friends of liberty everywhere must manifest increased vigilance in discovering and resisting the encroachments of the enemy. -4 A BILL is before the Wisconsin Legislature to repeal-the Sunday law of that State. On the other hand, an agitation for stricter Sunday observance has been begun by the Christian Endeavor forces, who are pledging themselves to abstain from all Sunday trading, reading of Sunday papers, bicycle riding for business or pleasure, and also to call for the closing of post-offices on Sunday,  and for a more rigid enforcement of the Sunday law. THE sale of newspapers by vocal announcement, in the manner customary with newsboys, is now prohibited on Sundays in the District of Columbia. The first Sun-day on which the law went into effect, four newsboys were arrested for its violation, and were held for trial under bonds of $100 each. Friends of liberty in Washington have provided for their defense. ARGUMENT on a bill to repeal the Sunday law of North Carolina was heard by the Legislature of that State, February 9. We have not learned the result. THE Pastors' Association of Dallas, Texas, have pe-titioned the Legislature of that State to pass a law pro-hibiting ball playing in the State on Sundays. 