THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 363 joists and floor as far as the side of cells and replace same with new joists. Replace cells with new iron as before, cut doorway through wall and put in new door and frame. Also to furnish and put up an iron stairway. The hall is to be covered with No. 12 iron. The work began November 1. Is this the shadow of the fulfillment of the threat of Attorney-General Lewis that he will " prosecute every man, woman, and child of them [the Adventists] until they stop" their private work on Sunday? The Springville Seventh-day Adventist Church has a membership of about fifty, if we mistake not. Fourteen of the num-ber are understood to be under indictment now for the heinous offense of doing pri-vate work on their own farms on Sunday Šwork seen only by members of their own families or by their brethren in the church. Is it for the accommodation of these Adventists that Henry County is enlarging its jail ? The Mormon Question Again. THE result of the recent election which placed the Democratic Party in possession of every branch of the Government, ex-cept the Supreme Court, has revived to same extent the agitation for the admis-sion of Utah to the family of States. The Mormons are largely Democrats, and it is thought by some that the lead-ers of that party will seek to entrench themselves in power by speedily admit-ting Arizona, New Mexico, and Utah, regardless of their fitness to become sov-ereign States. Each of these Territories has in it a con-siderable Mormon population, though it is very doubtful if either Arizona or New Mexico has enough Mormons to even hold the balance of power between the two great parties, to say nothing of themselves becoming a party powerful enough to seize the reins of local government. But be the case as it may with the other Territories seeking admission to the Union, the " Mormon question " is cer-tainly a live issue in Utah; and Congress would do well to move very slowly in the matter of conferring Statehood on a peo-ple who have shown themselves so out of harmony with republican institutions, and so wedded to two hateful relics of barbarism, namely, polygamy and a union of Church and State. The right of the Government to pro-hibit polygamy can not Ł be successfully disputed; and yet, strange to say, it has seldom been defended on correct grounds. The right of the State to forbid the prac-tice of plural marriages has been asserted almost entirely on moral grounds, rather than for civil reasonsŠbecause polygamy is immoral rather than because it invades and destroys inalienable human rights, and is of necessity a negation of the equality of the sexes and the equal rights of man and woman. It is very true, as has been maintained, that polygamy is in violation of the moral lawŠthe law of GodŠbut that is not the reason that the Government should pro-hibit it; it should be prohibited because it is destructive of natural human rights. The Government is not the judge of the divine law, and can never become such except by usurpationŠthe sure forerunner of tyranny. Congress should see to it that polygamy does not become entrenched be-hind the Constitution and statutes of a sovereign State; but it should also see to it that this question is not, made the oc-casion of further committing the Govern- ment to an attempt to define and admin-ister the law of God. But while civil government has no right to prohibit any thing simply because it is unchristian, Christianity has nevertheless a very marked and a perfectly legitimate influence upon legislation. It is true that the State may not forbid anything simply because it is morally wrong; but it by no means follows that it may not forbid that which in the light of Christian civiliza-tion is seen to be an invasion of inalien-able rights. Christianity has had an in-fluence in the world such as no other religion has ever had; its influence is to civilize and to Christianize; it civilizes all with which it comes in contact; it Chris-tianizes all who accept it, and who from the heart obey its teaching. As a nation becomes civilized through the influence of Christianity upon the people who compose that nation, its laws become more humane and the rights of the people are more fully recognized and adequately protected. As men become imbued with the princi-ples of Christianity they will the more readily perceive and acknowledge the rights of their fellows; and this change will be speedily manifested by more lib-eral laws and by a more equitable admin-istration of justice. But true Christianity never leads to a disregard of the rights of others. Those who are made free by Christ never seek to enslave their fellows. C. P. B. .A Stupid Forgery. WE have received several copies of what purports to be a letter from the Pope of Rome to the Jesuits of the United States, or rather of two separate letters similar in character, and doubtless of common origin. Copies of these " let-ters" are being widely circulated through-out the United States, though for what purpose it is difficult to say since they are evidently clumsy forgeries. A sample paragraph from one of these " letters " runs thus :Š Moreover, we proclaim the people of the United States of America to have forfeited all right to rule said republic, and also all dominion, dignity and priv-ileges appertaining to it. We likewise declare, that all subjects of every rank and condition in the United States, and every individual who has taken any oath of loyalty to the United States, in any way whatever, may be absolved from said oath, as also from all duty, fidelity or obedience, on or about September 5, 1893, at the convening of the Roman Catholic Congress at Chicago, Illinois. This is enough to brand the production as a forgery, but the next paragraph con-tains a literary blunder which at once shows that it never came from the Pope, or from any authorized to speak for him; for the Pontiff and all who are associated with him in the management of the church are masters of language, while the author of this production is a blunderer of the first order. The paragraph runs thus When the feast of Ignatus Loyola occurs in the year of Our Lord 1893, as we shall exonerate them (or our successor) from all engagements, as we ex-pect to deprive Protestants of all pretended claims in the United States. No modern Pope ever wrote, " We shall exonerate them (or our successor) from all engagements," etc., meaning thereby, " We (or our successor) shall exonerate them," etc. Nor is this the only glaring structural error in the Pope's (?) letter. The other and longer " letter ' contains even more extraordinary things than the one from which we have quoted. It is addressed, " To our beloved children in  the faith," and among other absurd things contains this paragraph We are opposed to any system of schools that teaches the youth more than the Roman catechism, or that teaches the young to thinkŠit is unneces-sary, a waste of time and money, when the holy father has been deputed by God to do the thinking for this world. Therefore we call upon our sub-jects to do all possible to break down and destroy the free public schools of this heretical Nation, which have compelled us to set up and maintain at great expense parochial schools to defend our faith, thus greatly lessening the income of the clergy. Anybody who can believe that the crafty Leo XIII. ever sent out such stuff is quite capable of believing anything. Rome is the foe of civil and religious lib-erty, but her Pope and her bishops are not fools in worldly things, as they must have been had they sent out such letters as those attributed to them. Our object in referring to these'so-called "letters " is not to defend the Catholic Church] nor the Catholio faith; we have no sympathy with either ; but to warn our readers against that false Protestantism, so-called, which, to unprincipled Jesuitical trickery and falsehood (doing evil that good (?) may come), adds such monumen-tal stupidity as that exhibited in these forged " letters " from the Pope. B. Religious Persecution in Austria. THE London Daily News seems sur-prised that there should be violent reli-gious persecution in this day of enlight-enment and liberality, even in a city like Vienna. Then the surprise is increased by the fact that the particular religious denomination made to suffer in this case is that of the Methodists, with all their primitive plainness and patience. It was not until as late as 1869 that the first pioneer Methodist preacher arrived in Vienna. He began his work under the auspices of the Stuttgart Wesleyans, and soon collected a body of about one hun-dred Austrian and German coreligionists, who at once responded to the " higher spirituality" quality of the new move-ment. From the very start, however, they were subjected to the most offensive forms of government interference and re-striction. A persistent and systematic persecution of this small body of earnest seekers after the " higher life " was inaugurated by the police authorities, amounting practically to the prohibition of all their religious rights. Their congregations were broken up, their more private prayer services were interrupted and finally interdicted, and even their Sunday schools were closed. One instance is given in this connection, as follows :Š A little girl who attended these Sunday classes on one occasion quoted a text of Scripture in the hearing of a priest. " Where did you learn that?" he sharply inquired. The child returned a truth-ful answer, and the result was that very shortly afterward the school was summarily shut up by the police, acting under the instructions of the Ro-man Catholic authorities. When the police authorities are asked for the reason of this forcible suppression of these Methodist churches, schools, and missions, their only answer is that the Methodist religion is not recognized in Austria. The courts of appeal, when re-sorted to by these persecuted people, de-clared that the meetings of the Methodists were too large to be tolerated under the right of private worship. Baron Gautsch, the Austrian Minister of Education, when appealed to, decided, on the other hand, that the Methodist body was too small to entitle it to State recognition. 