Hirjr-ti! Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 9, 1890. NUMBER 2. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YOKEL. EDITORS, B. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE Sunday-law workers are quite accom-modating. If in any of their conventions there are not enough of those who openly favor religious legislation to carry their plans and resolutions on a religious basis, they will very obligingly declare the whole thing to be civil only and secure the in-dorsement upon that basis. Very accom-modating indeed they are; but calling a religious or ecclesiastical thing "civil " does not make it any the less religious. Sunday legislation is religious legislation under whatever name it may be proposed. And religious legislation is forbidden by the Word of God. Ł Ł  WITH the view of raising the "standard of morality of both sexes, and stimulating the fervor of their religious belief," the young emperor of Germany has, it is stated, issued an edict intended to put down dancing among the youth. Under the now order dancing is not to begin until after noon, is not to be kept up after 8 in the evening, and none except school chil-dren are to be allowed to join in the giddy. round.or the solemn square. Young people who are being prepared for confirmation are absolutely forbidden to appear at dances or to dance; and all parents and guardians of the young are called upon to use every means in their power to keep their children or pupils from dancing, and they 'are advised to substitute games for the popular ferra of recreation. Bismarck, it is said, opposed the ukase, saying :Š " That p'oli'cy will be sure to Make the young people dance aft the harder. Who knows but it may come to pass that dances will be held in secret, like politioal, agitatory exercises, and that the devotees of Terpsichore will have their heads turned with seditious "politics as well "as with the comparatively harmless dizziness of the waltz ?" Germany, it might be well to remember, is a church and State country. Religion is taught in the public schools, and in various ways God is recognized as the source of all power; yet with the single exception of France, no so-called Christian country equals it in infidelity. It requires something more than imperial edicts, legis-lative action, and official red-tape to make Christians. We do think that professed Christians should not desire to dance; but if they do, no amount of governmental interference will make the matter one whit better. There is no merit in not doing a thing when there is no opportunity to do it. Hot-house Christians have never been a success. The New Blair Sunday Bill. DECEMBER 9, 1889, Senator Blair of New Hampshire, re-introduced his bill for a na-tional Sunday law.. The first thing to be noticed about this bill is the title and the important modifica-tion of it as compared with the title of the original bill introduced in the Fiftieth Congress, and as compared with the title proposed by the American Sabbath Union a year ago last December. The title in the original bill read :Š " A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its ob-servance as a day of religious worship." This title threw the bill so open to criti-cism on account of its religious aspect that the American Sabbath Union asked that it should be made to read as follows :Š " A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the Lord's day, commonly known as Sunday, as a day of rest, and to protect its observance as a day of religious worship." This however was pronounced by Sen-ator Blair as stronger and more interfering than the other. By the experience of the past summer, the advocates of the Sunday law have themselves learned that this has a stronger religious cast than can well be defended in legislation, and therefore, the title of the  bill as now introduced, is stripped of its religious cast and is made to read simply thus :Š " A bill to secure to the people the privileges of rest and of religious worship, free from disturbance by others, on the first day of the week." If this title described the real object of the bill it would be a very innocent meas-ure, provided it were true that the people have not already secured to them the privileges of rest and religious worship free from the disturbance of others, not only on the first day of the week, but at all other times. It is a fact, however, that there are no people in all this land who have not the privileges of rest and religious worship free from disturbance by anybody on the first day of the week, and all other days and nights of the week. The workers for Sunday law know this full well. The field secretary of the American Sabbath Union made a tour of all the States and Territories the past summer in the inter-ests of Sunday laws. In Portland, Or., and in San Francisco, he complained es-pecially of the loose way in which Sunday was observed. The writer of this article was present at the field secretary's Sunday meeting in Portland and twice in San Fran-cisco, and Mr. Crafts knows that the wor-ship of the congregations to which he preached in those cities, and to whom he complained of the sorry manner of Sunday observance in those citiesŠwere not dis-turbed in the slightest degree, nor was there any disposition on the part of any-body to disturb them. This he knows as well as we know it, and this they all know. This being the title of the bill let us in- quire how the object of the bill, as declared in the title, is proposed to be accomplished. Section 1 reads as follows :Š "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That no person or corporation, or agent, servant, or employee of any person or corporation, or in the service of the United States in time of peace, except in the necessary enforce-ment of the laws, shall perform, or authorize to be performed, any secular work, labor, or business to the disturbance of others, works of necessity and 