364 AMERICAN SENTINEL settled for the whole world,Šsince the emancipation of slaves has gone on in every land, save in some portions of Africa. But, in a higher sense, men are not free, and when I say this, I have not Russia, the land of intoler ance, in mind; nor Germany and England, with their union of Church and State, but this Union, the dissolu-tion of which you have prevented and rendered for all time indissoluble, let us hope. Here men are not free, and in connection with this assertion, I shall bring to your attention the burning shame of the nineteenth cen-tury. Do you know that within the last three years men have been imprisoned in our southern States for con-science' sakeŠbecause they could not conform their con-duct to certain laws, conformity to which meant to them violation of conscience? I have the reprint of a photo-graph taken of a chain-gang at work in Tennessee. Seven of its numberŠfine, stalwart-looking men, with their long flowing beards, gentle countenances and pa-triarchial appearanceŠworking in the same gang with despicable criminals ! It makes my blood boil to think of it. I tremble with excitement; it is a wonder that the inanimate stones do not cry out against these atroci-ties; and yet, while preachers vehemently denounce prize-fights, and temperance advocates become frenzied in damning the rum-seller, while with telescopic sympathy our hearts bleed for the famine-stricken of India, the massacred of Armenia, the fool-hardy Greeks, and the struggling Cuban patriots; while to-day we pardonably pride ourselves upon having freed 4,000,000 of slaves,Šit is only in a few spasmodic instances that voices are heard in exposure and condemnation of the outrages upon those who have their natural, God-given, inalien-able rights to freedom in matters of faith trampled upon. To the disgrace of my own denomination, I must say itŠmy denomination, the first always in its advocacy of religious libertyŠwhen there was in session in the State of Georgia a convention of its young people, one of  our leading and highly honored preachers and authors attempted to have that body pass resolutions condemn_ ing those outrages, and failed. Must every prominent religious body, which once fought for religious rights,  when such rights are gained, austerely' deny them to others? Great combinations are forming for the perpet-uation of the laws and for more legislation that will make such outrages still more possible. The Christian Endeav-orers, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the American Sabbath Union, the National Reform party and kindred organizations are all clamoring for more legislation to enslave the human conscience. You cannot have a law without a penalty; and the enforcement of any religious law, and the infliction of its penalty when violated, cannot be anything less than religious persecution. The State must inevitably again lapse to those barbaric times, when it was the all-power-ful agency at the beck and call of religious fanatics to carry out their hell-conceived schemes. Keep the Church and State, even to the last degree,  forever separate. Baptists should ever be mindful of the words of our leading organ, The Examiner and National Baptist, which in its issue of Feb. 15, 1894, said:Š "We wonder that the very stones do not cry out against such travesties of justice, that Christian men do not lift up their voices in protest against this wicked per-version of religion, this insult to the name of Christ. And, in particular, why do not Baptists, whose fathers stood against the world for soul liberty, make themselves heard when these relics of medieval bigotry and persecut-ing intolerance are found in our free country? Sunday laws like those found in Tennessee and Maryland are a disgrace to a Christian commonwealth in this nineteenth century, and should be repealed at the earliest possible moment." And they should be mindful of this clarion note of warning of that paragon among our preachers, C. H. Spurgeon:Š should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on the arm of flesh, in-stead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means; and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by force of conviction and not by force of policemen; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts and not by the power of fines and punishments." ŠQuoted in the Australian Sentinel, March, 1895. SPEAKING of the humiliation of the Greeks and the rehabilitating of Turkey which has been the result of the war between them, an antichristian journal says: "There is a lesson in this, we hope. After the experience of Greece nobody should be deluded into a belief that the Christian God will help those who fight in His name; no people should depend upon the powers of Europe for defense; none should be misled by the fanatical jingoism of Chris-tians; none should raise the question of religious differ-ences between nations, nor go to war to settle them." The Word of the Christian's God says plainly that His servants must not fight, because His kingdom is not of this world; hence it should not need the experience through which Greece has passed to convince people that.  God will not help those who fight in His name. The fact that some nations and individuals do fight in His name does not constitute an indictment of Godl any more than the many crimes committed in the name of Liberty consti-tute an indictment of Liberty. HAVING failed in her effort for reunion with Rome, the Anglican Church has engaged in a movement for union with the Greek Church, in the interests of which the Arch-bishop of York has recently made a visit to Russia. Of this the Moscow correspondent of the London Standard says:Š "The visit of Dr. Maclagan has aroused among all classes of society in Moscow an interest amounting to en-thusiasm. One of the most popular local papers remarks that, rightly understood, the visit means more for the Orthodox Russians than even the Greco-Turkish warŁ. 