104 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 13. An2eFicaq Beltir2el. OAKLAND, CALIF ORNIA, APRIL 17, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE authorities of Baltimore forbade any Sun-day parade on St. Patrick's day, and also pre-vented Forepaugh's circus from entering the city on that day. THE Committee on Criminal Jurisprudence in the Missouri Legislature, March 12, reported fa-vorably a bill introduced by Mr. Moore, of La-clede, prohibiting the playing of base-ball on Sun-day. A BILL is now before the Massachusetts Legis-lature to abolish Sunday towing, and it is said that a large majority of the tow-boat engineers of Boston are in favor of its passage. What puzzles us is why in the world they don't stop towing on Sunday, if they don't want to do it. If a large majority of Boston's tow-boat engineers refused to work on Sunday, it is certain that very little tow-ing would be done. It seems that they don't want to stop towing on Sunday enough to stop without a law compelling them to stop. A FEW weeks ago we stated that the Arkansas Legislature had passed a memorial asking Con-gress not to pass the Blair Sunday-Rest bill. We are now informed that this was a mistake. We wondered at the time how so great a change could be effected in so short a time, but seeing the state-ment in two good Eastern papers, and no contra-diction, we supposed it must be true. We are sorry to be obliged to make this correction, not on our own account, as the mistake was no fault of ours,.butove are sorry to be obliged to take back the good opinion which we expressed con-cerning the Arkansas Legislature. 0I.  SAYS the Christian Statesman of March 21 :Š " Either the Sabbath must be redeemed, or the battle is lost. What with card playing, dancing, Sunday newspaper reading, and using the Sunday train for business and pleasure, you cannot tell the difference between the church and the world." Consequently it wants rigid Sunday laws en-acted and enforced. That is, the State must pass laws to compel church-members, professed Chris-tians, to live up to their profession, outwardly at least. But then those laws will bear equally upon church-members and the world, compelling all to rest on Sunday, so that there will be as little difference between the church and the world as there was before. Then the church will be a bright and shining light, made so by civil enact-ment ; and the world will by the same power be made Christian. How easily the world may be convertedŠnominally. Ł THE Chicago Standard's Washington corre-spofident says: "The fact that the two great di-visions of Christians, Protestants and Catholics, are substantially mutual in support of a national enactment making the Sabbath a day of rest to the whole people, and of religious observance, gives the subject an importance Congress can.  scarcely dare to disregard." Such significant  statements as this are quite common. Notice the admission that it is "Christian" union that is expected to be so powerful in behalf of Sun-day that Congress will not dare disregard it. Notice also that " the Sabbath" is to be made for "the whole people" a day of rest "and of relig-ious observance." Such statements do not sur-prise us any, for we have known from the begin-ning what the Sunday-law people were after; but they serve to enable others to rate at their true value their assertions that "this movement is wholly in the interest of the workingman." .4 . Ł MR. DEPEW is quoted as saying that' nothing in nature or art goes to pieces so fast as a man in idleness," and making the application to the proposition of the State of New York to keep its criminals in idleness, " with the certain result of greater moral degeneration." Upon this, the Moral and Scientific Companion, published at Florence, A. T., very aptly comments as follows: " And yet the Sunday-law advocates propose to keep the entire population of the United States in idleness during the first day of every week. If this will not result in greater moral degeneration' and mischief making, then human nature must be wonderfully changed. When a man's conscience tells him to sanctify the Sabbath, that conscience will lead him to reverence the time that belongs to his God ; but when a man of worldly ideas is forced into idleness it is time to expect mischief." ao r Š THE Christian Union is an advocate of Sunday laws, and is opposed to the Sunday newspaper, yet it pricks some of the sophistical bubbles which Sunday-law zealots have blown for their own amusement, and for the beguilement of the unwary. It says that the objection to the Sunday news-paper "is not that it entails Sabbath work, for it does not entail as much work as the Monday newspaper; nor is it because it sets the newsboys at selling papers, for Sunday labor is no more demoralizing than Sunday loafing, and the news-boys do not attend worshiping assemblies on Sab-bath morning in any very great numbers; nor is it because worshipers sometimes stay at home from church to read their Sunday paper, for itŁ will do the ministry no harm to be subjected to a little healthful competition, and the church which depends for its congregation on the fact that they have nothing else to do than to come to church would better stir about and get some other and better dependence." Good. As noticed elsewhere, the Christian Statesman says that," what with card-playing, Sunday news-paper reading, and using the Sunday trains for business and pleasures, you cannot tell the differ-ence between the church and the world." Which church does it mean ? Is it the Re-formed Presbyterian, or the Methodist, or the Baptist? Everybody will know at once that it has no reference to any sect, but to the great body of professed Christians. Now we hope, since it uses the word " church " in that sense, =the most common use of all,Šthat it will cease beating about the bush when we talk about the union of Church and State. It has always dodged the point by insisting that such union must neces-sarily be the selection and support of one sect by the, State, and that it did not favor that. Of course not. But it favors State legislation in favor of all professed Christians ; and since it classes these under the general head, " the church," why can it not come out squarely and acknowl-edge that it is in favor of Church and State? Will the Statesman please answer? "FACTS FOR THE Tams" is the name of a useful work for sale at this office. It is made up of extracts from ancient and modern writers bearing  upon a wide range of Bible subjects. It is not designed to detract from the authority of the Bible in any way, but to show what good and great men of the past believed, or were compelled by force of evidence to admit, concerning some of the greaedoctrines of the Bible. It clearly shows that many of what are called "new doctrines" are old, and have been held by respected men of other generations. It also shows the difference between the religious teaching of to-day and that of previous times. Extracts and comments from different writ-ers to the number of nearly one thousand are given on remark-able fulfillments of prophecy, difficult Scripture texts, natural phenomena, facts connected with our country's history, statis-tics of population, intemperance war, and crime, condition of the religious, political, and physical world, and many other sub-jects of interest. The book is also of assistance many times in helping the reader to come to correct conclusions on many important subjects, and to lead him to the "old paths" of truth. It contains nearly three hundred octavo pages, well bound in cloth. Price, post-paid, 50 cents. Address the Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. PE WITT C. DAVIS, attorney-at-law in Texas, says:Š "I have read the AMERICAN SENTINEL for, two years, and the more I read it the better I am pleased with it. I am entirely with you in opposition to changing our United States Constitu-tion so as to turn Congress looseŠbacked up by all the clergymen or the preachers of the UnionŠto legislate on religion and Sun-day questions. When this shall be done, the `Pandora's box' of American troubles will be opened. If the pious regard for Sunday and religion has to be enforced by law, then the liberty of conscience in such matters, granted to us by the Constitution, will be destroyed. Then whose conscience shall we obey? I send you a postal note for $1.00. Please send me the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL for one year." Rev. P. Raether, of Ohio, writes:Š " Inclosed I send you $1.00, for which you will please send me your paper. I learned to know the SENTINEL of late, and I like its manly, candid tone in opposing  any movement subversive to the free institutions of our republic." J. R. Brooks, of Texas, says:Š "The petition work as a remonstrance against the Blair bill meets great favor in the country. I have been taking signa-tures. Have filled and returned four petitions in a very short time. Gentlemen and ladies sign the petitions without hesita-tion. They are Catholics and all classes. The people here are generally opposed to the Blair bill in tote. While working up signatures I am often congratulated with expressions like these: `Go ahead, you are doing a -good work." The Constitution is good enough as it is.' We are living  in a free country and want it to remain so,' etc." From the law office of S. P. Romans, of Deadwood, Dak., we received the following:Š "GENTLEMEN: For some months past I have been receiving your paper from some friend who thought my ideas concurred with the AMERICAN SENTINEL. For many years I have been quite a searcher for Bible truths, but have failed to find the truth as expressed by the Catholic Church or her daughters. Hence I have looked in another direction, i. e.,the Bible. I find the SENTINEL is just right in its ideas of secular or governmental affairs. I herewith inclose postal note for $1.00,for which please send to my address the AMERICAN SENTINEL for one year, also fifty cents, for which send extra copies of your own selection for distribution in my town, and I will see that they are placed where they will do the most good, and bear fruit." A lady in Auburn, Cal., writes:Š "I am an American woman, and in favor of American insti-tutions, American principles and patriotism, and strongly opposed to alien influences in politics and the control of our public institutionsŠespecially our schoolsŠand just as strongly to church influences in those places. Send me the AMERICAN SENTINEL." Rev. C. F. W. Meyer, of Missouri, says:Š "I fully indorse your views. I sincerely hope that your noble efforts will be successful in keeping Church and State severely separate." B. Hillens, of Kansas, writes:Š " I am heartily in sympathy with the principles which the SENTINEL advocates, and always have been. I have loaned my papers to several persons, and solicited their subscriptions, and shall continue getting subscribers for it, believing it is calling loudly for something to be done in appreciation of the value of religious liberty which has caused others before us such sacri-fice and labor that Heaven could grant this great boon to after generations. Send me what free reading you can and I will distribute it." A lady in Alpena, Mich., sending in six yearly subscriptions to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, at $1.00 each, says:Š " I wish our people would raise money to put the SENTINEL in every Protestant minister's family in the United States. It would open the eyes of all who are now honest but blind in their work." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 