0030. AND SOOT JU87708 142 Art4E AM1iEtCAN bath," or as he puts it, by showing that "the Sabbath has a civil side;" by which he means, that men must be shown that by the civil law they can be required to treat Sunday as though it were the di-vinely ordained Sabbath. BUT it is in his fifth that Mr. Wylie plainly implies that he would quicken the conscience by civil law. He says : "It must be shown that the Sabbath law can not be violated with impunity." True he does not directly refer to civil penalties, but as they are inseparable from a " civil Sab-bath," they are strongly implied. BUT it is left to Rev. Henry Ostrum, Methodist, of Milwaukee, to depart wholly from the question and appeal wholly to the civil power. His answer in full is:- 1. Enforce existing State laws. Slighted laws in factories, schools, and homes destroy regard and create anarchy. The Sabbath is in danger of pas-sing into the hands of just such anarchy. 2. Organize. But organization without a body-guard of conviction will be a bird's egg without a nest; therefore, let the organizer thoroughly start the campaign. Church work must not be counted on. as an organization in this enterprise. The foe is definitely organized. 3. Greatly increase the number of organizers in the field. 4. Multiply short selections of literature on the subject. 5. Introduce a strong hymn, to be sung to a widely known air, and thus get the thousands sing-ing about the Sabbath. Let this be a specialty in many languages at the World's Fair. 6. The laboring men are hoodwinked by their leaders. Let us meet them on their own ground. 7. And, finally,, the great multitude of Church people " reading up " on the subject, and praying the in wrought prayer, will electrify the whole movement. " Enforce existing State laws." How in the name of common sense could that quicken the conscience ? It might make more people profess regard for Sunday, that is, it might, and certainly would, make hypocrites, but to say that it could reach the conscience is to assert that civil law stands on a par with divine law, and " is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." MR. OSTRUM'S reply amounts to about this: Coerce people by civil law; secure convictions in the courts; get up an excite-ment; appeal to feeling; excite a frenzy; and finally the great multitude of church people will become alive to their duty, and, presto ! the thing is done ! BUT Mr. Ostrum's " 6 " deserves special notice. If we are to believe Mr. Crafts and the American Sabbath Union, the la-boring men are now very largely'demand-ing the preservation of the " American Sabbath." Is this what Mr. Ostrum means by saying that they "are hoodwinked by their leaders " ? Does he mean that they have been deceived into a support of Sun-day observance ? Probably not; he would hardly make such an admission. He must then wish to be understood as imply-ing that the mass of the laboring men are opposed to Sunday laws, and that they have assumed this hostile attitude because they have been deceived by their leaders. But what then becomes of the gauzy struc-ture reared upon the claim that the work-ingmen are demanding Sunday laws and Sunday-closing of about everything in order that they may not be forced to la-bor ? It is thus that this Milwaukee preacher ruthlessly sweeps away some of Mr. Crafts' strongest reasons for the "civil Sabbath," namely, the demands of the "toiling masses," the cry of the tired  workingmen, the moan of the weary over-worked shop girl. The advocates of en-forced Sunday observance should get to-gether and agree upon their "indisputable facts " before they expect everybody to flock to their standard. C. P. B. Ł Ł Ł  Sunday Closing. THERE are very few broadminded people in Chicago who will not receive with pleasure Director General Palmer's state-ment that the World's Fair must be opened on Sunday. Of course it must. The World's Fair must be a world's fair, not a parochial enterprise. It is for Pres-byterian and Catholic, high church and low church, Jew and Gentile, Moham-medan and fireworshiper, Buddhist and Parsee, orthodox and heterodox, and people without any doxes at all. We narrow the great work at once when we permit any class in the community, no matter how numerous and respectable, to dictate their system of Sabbath observ-ance to people just as numerous and quite as respectable who differ with them on the God-ordained manner in which the good people should pass " the first day of the week commonly called Sunday." It is not a question of who is right or who is wrong either in the interpretation of the Bible or in one's belief in the purpose of the God behind the Bible; but it is a ques-tion as to whether, when there is a differ-ence of opinion among honest men, one side should dominate, control, and annoy the other. Were it at issue that by holding the Fair open on Sundays the people who favored Sunday closing would be forced to attend the exhibition and thus do violence to their convictions, the Mail would demand Sunday closing. But there is no such necessity. It is open to every visitor to go or not to go, as seems best to him ac-cording to his private belief ; but it is not open to him to say to another, " You must not go to the Fair to-day, because I do not approve of your going." Those who think it wrong to open their exhibits or to look at the exhibits of others on Sunday are under no compulsion to commit what they deem sin; but neither are they to be permitted to interfere with him or her who does not think it sin to go to Jackson Park on Sunday. It is a curious, almost a sad fact that a problem so simple and so self-evident should need serious discussion in these closing watches of the nineteenth century. Still it requires time and teaching to bring home the fact to the egotism of each of us that a man's mind must be a law unto himself. Still there should be one plat-form on which all could meetŠlet each visitor to the World's Fair be his own Sunday closer.ŠChicago Mail. Tun gathering of petitions for laws with reference to Sunday with which the last two Congresses have been so incessantly besieged has been credited mainly to the Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. It seems that the Union has, until within the last few Sundays, made an object lesson of itself as to the necessity which it claims exists for these laws and their enforcement. It is said that work has been regularly prosecuted upon the Woman's Temple, in Chicago, on Sundays, but, In view of the public comment created, Sunday work has been discontin-ued. This destroys the force of the example that they might have made of the case; others may now think that they also can work or stop work as they choose without legal compulsion. ROMs Libutll lissoGiatiou KEEP -91461.41k AND ViD. ntOthrORiVgli5trAŠitt9  DEGLIIRFITION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f flow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. AT Nashville, Tennessee, Warren, Pennsylvania, and Findlay, Ohio, efforts have lately been made for compulsory Sunday observance. FORT WAYNE, Indiana, has organized a Rest-day League and appointed its leading ministers as officers. The avowed intention is here, as else-where to secure the enforcement of Sunday laws. IT is reported as an item of current news that Judge Clark, of Georgia, has declared Sunday ad-vertising illegal. In New York, a special enactment, in the year 1891, made Sunday advertising legal, and pay for such advertising by Sunday papers collectable. A CONSIDERABLE number of petitions are now being presented daily, in both the Senate and the House, " remonstrating against the commitment of the United States Government to a union of religion and the State by the passage of any bill or resolu-tion to close the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday, or in any other way committing the Gov-ernment to a course of religious legislation." It is quite .time that intelligent and really patriotic citi-zens, who see the danger in this legislation which is being almost forced upon Congress, should be heard. As they more fully realize the situation they will continue to remonstrate in increasing numbers. THE new broom of the New York police depart-ment seems to be devoting its attention almost en-tirely to sweeping out Sunday saloons. That is an evidence of insincerity to begin with. Sunday laws are themselves a hypocritical cloak, and their enforcement is everywhere made a false show of zeal in the interests of good order in a community. The Sun very truly says:Š Perhaps more liquor saloons than usual were really closed last Sunday, and the number of arrests for the violation of the Sunday-closing law was somewhat greater than the average. If such was the case, the experience of the past has simply been repeated. When Mr. Hewitt was Mayor the law was enforced for several successive Sundays with even more rigor, and under every municipal administration for a long time past there have been comparatively dry Sundays, when the station houses received many bar-keepers who had been caught in dispensing beer and whiskey, or decoyed by detectives into violation of the law. For years past the Grand Jury has spent a large part of its time in investigating these cases, and thousands of indictments have been brought against the accused. Meanwhile the business of Sunday liquor selling and liquor drinking has gone on the same as ever. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 