69$ THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Forty days and nights in the wilderness with naught but spiritual sustenance to uphold the brave hearts who thus devote their lives to the service of those miserable 'wards of the nation 'Šthe most pitiless guardian that was ever se,t over brother as his keeper. Ł "We can add nothing to the pathos of this story. It must go straight home to every noble heart, Cath-olic or Protestant, and waken the generous impulses of the better part of the people. But for Catholics it can have but one message. It must rouse them to instant effort for the relief of the stricken Cath-olic Indians and their teachers." 44 ROME AND THE BIBLE. From the Lutheran Witness. THE bold statement has lately been `made that the Romish Church fostered the circulation and study of the Bible in the vernacular even before the Reformation, and that she has not opposed the spreading of the Scriptures. In searching for his-torical truth in this matter it is necessary to bear in mind that the Romish Church has not always been and is not always in harmony with herself. Her his-tory is notoriously of such composition as to admit of being' adduced either in the affirmative or in the negative of many questions. All that is needed is to know what is to be proved or disproved, and the "painstaking" Romish historian will find the history to ' fit the case. Besides, Rome is very shrewd in accommodating herself to surroundings, and is never worse, from an evangelical viewpoint, than 'the times and other cir-cumstances will permit. To judge of her position on any point it is necessary, to know her express doctrine in connection with her practice when she felt free to carry out her will. The Testimony of History. The testimony of trustworthy history proves that Rome regards the Bible as a dangerous book for Christians, especially when read by laymen in their --own language. The rule is that laymen are not per-mitted to read the Scriptures. In exceptional cases laymen may have the Word in a Romish translation if the respective bishops will give written permission,; but the bishop must give this permission only when the father confessor certifies that the respective ap-plicant is sufficiently grounded in papistical doctrine. Whoever, without such permission, is found in pos-session of a Bible in the vernacular lays himself  open to the suspicion of heresy, commits a great sin, and can not recieve absolution until he has sur-rendered the book. The book dealer who sells a Bible to a Romish layman who has not the permis-sion to read the same, is taken under discipline. This, we find, is the attitude in which history, past and present, finds Rome against the general reading of the Bible. The Bible Placed on the s Index." In proof, a few references. The great Pope, Gregory VII., wrote in 108o that God was pleased to have the Word remain unknown in some localities in order to save the people from error. The Coun-cil of Toulouse, in 1229, prohibited laymen from possessing the two Testaments, and even from read-ing the Psalter in the vernacular. Similar action was taken by the Council of Tarracona, 1234. In 1564 Pope Pius IV. approved the following decree of the Council of Trent: " Whereas experience has taught us that the reading of the Bible in the vernac-ular has done more harm than good, be ,it resolved that the permission of the bishop or of the inquisi-tion must be procured by, the priest for such person as desires to read the Scriptures in the vernacular and is known to be sound in faith and in piety. This permission shall be given in writing. On the other hand, if any, one desires' to possess and to read the Bible without such permission; he shall not receive absolution from sins until he has placed the Bible in the hands of the officer sent by the bishop." Sixtus V. (1585-159o) amended this rule by ordering that even a bishop is not allowed to grant such per-mission to a layman, while Urban VIII. decreed in 1631 that not even a bishop himself is allowed to read a vernacular Bible without permission from the Pope. It is said that in the " Jesuits' Confession," called the " Hungarian Formulary of Damnations," is contained the blasphemous expression, " We con-fess that the reading of the Holy Scriptures is the origin of all heresies and sects and a source of blas-phemy." In the beginning of the nineteenth century Dr. Leander Van Ness, a Romish professor of the-ology in the University of Marburg, finished a trans-lation of the Bible which was at first received with approbation by the Romish authorities; but when it began to be distributed too generally among the people it was placed on the " Index" or list of books with which faithful Romanists must have nothing to do. 