114 THE AlVIERIGAN SENTINEL. as though they were; it is to compel every man who is not a Christian either to be-conie :a hypocrite or a violator of the laW. And every man who has the real Manliness of a freeman will violate the law rather than to act the hypocrite by law. Every man in violating-such a law, only exercises his inalienable and God-given right. Let us make this plain. It is the in-alienable right of every man in this world, to worship whom he pleases and when he pleases. It. is every man's right to be a Christian or not, as he chooses. He is responsible to God alone for the exercise of this right. Every man in this world has the inalienable right to dissent from any church doctrine, and to refuse to con-form to any church discipline. Every man has the right utterly to disregard every church ordinance, rite, and institu-tion. Church ordinances, church rites, and church institutions, are of obligation only upon those who voluntarily assume the place of membership in the church. Now, when the State attempts to enforce the observance of church ordinances, rites, or institutions, it simply proposes to rob men of their inalienable right to think and to choose for themselves in matters of religion, and of church order. Men, are therefore, compelled either to submit to be robbed of their inalienable right of freedom of thought in religions things, or to disregard the authority of the State. The State by thus stepping out of its place and becoming the supporter of, the Church, attempts to rob men of their in-alienable right of dissent, and forces them, in the exercise of their inalienable right, to be rebels. Now, Sunday is acknowledged to be a church institution only. As we have lately shown in THE SENTINEL, the American Sabbath Union itself says so. But the Union is not alone in this; all the authori-ties on the subject of Sunday observance agree that the custom was adopted by the early Church without a divine command. That the observance belongs only to the Church is admitted in this very statement of,  the object of the American Sabbath Union : that is, that it is to preserve the Christian Sabbath. Now Christian institutions and Chris-tian observance belong only to confessed Christians. And not only has neither Church nor State. any right to require any others to observe them, but no others have any right to observe them. Bap-tism is a Christian ordinance; none but believers:in Christ have any right to cel-ebrate it or conforth to it; The Lord's supper is a - Christian Ordinance ; none but Christians have any right to approach the Lord's table, or partake of the Lord's supper. Not Only every preacher, but every Christian in the American Sabbath Union.; the National. Reform ASsociation, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, will acknowledge that this is cor- rect, and would refuse to 'allow any one, who is not a professed believer- in Christ, to -partake of this ordinance. If any such non-profeSsor, while still holding his un-belief, should presume to celebrate this ordinance, there is not a Clirastian in any one of these organizations, who would not -count such a thing as gross sacrilege. Now, these same peOple insist that Sun-day is the Christian Sabbath, and the Ł Lord's day; and at the same time demand that the civil power shall compel men to observe it who aro not Christians, and have no respect whatever for the Lord. Thus in their arrogance, they stultify themselves by compelling men to observe in one instance, what they count these same men only as blasphemers for obserV-ing in other similar instances. To be consistent, nay, to deal even in common fairness, the - people and s  the or-ganizations who demand Sunday laws, should confess that the observance of the Christian Sabbath, or the Lord's day be-longs only to Christians, to those who respect the Lord ; or else demand laws that shall compel all alike to observe bap-. tism and celebrate the Lord's supper. Upon what principles of right or of com-mon fairness can men be refused Christian baptism, and compelled to observe the Christian Sabbath ? Upon what principles of right or common fairness can men be shut away from the _observance of the Lord's supper, and be compelled to ob-serve the Lord's day ? Oh, the depths of the hypocrisy and the meanness of the whole Sunday-law system are unfathom-able! The utter baselessness of the claims of the American Sabbath Union is further expressed in the statement of its declared basis. Here it is The basis of the American Sabbath Union is the divine authority and universal and perpetual obliga-tion of the Sabbath, as manifested in the order and constitution of nature, declared in the revealed will of God, formulated in the fourth commandment of the moral law, interpreted and applied by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, transferred to the Chris-tian Sabbath, or Lord's day, by Christ and his apostles, and approved by its beneficent influence upon personal and national life. Neither the divine authority nor the obligation, either universal or perpetual, of the Sabbath, is manifested at all in the order and constitution of nature: There is nothing whatever in nature that marks the Sabbath. The week is not a natural division of . time. The day, the month, and the year, are all natural, but in nature there is nothing to mark the week. This they themselves well know, HerrickJohn-sOn, D. D., is one of the vice-presidents of the American Sabbath Union. He spoke for the Union before the Senate committee in 1888, and in his speech he Said:Š This appointmentof one day in seven is arbitrary. There is nothing in-nature to indicate that division of Ł time. . There is the day of . twenty-four hours, there, is the month, there-is the year, all these are natural divisions; but there is nothing in nature to indicate the weekly division ; the observance of one — Š  day in seven. It is arbitrary, and we regard that as an evidence of its divine origin. Thus again the American Sabbath Union 'knowingly contradicts itself. The second element in this basis is as knowingly self-contradictory as the one already shown. ﬂ The Sabbath as declared in the revealed will of God, formulated in the fourth commandment of the moral law, interpreted and applied by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ," is the seventh day and not Sunday. In the revealed will of God, in the fourth commandment, and in the teaching of ChristŠfrom the begin-ning to the end of revelationŠthe only day that is ever referred to as the weekly Sabbath, is the seventh day, and not the first day of the week. Ł This is admitted in, the publications of the American Sabbath Union, and even in this basis itself, for the very next element in the :basis of the Union, is, that the Sabbath of the revealed will of God, of the fourth commandment, and of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, "was trans-ferred to the Christian Sabbath or Lord's day." What the Union -means by the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day is the first day of the week ; and for the Sabbath to be transferred to this, necessarily it had to be transferred from something else. That is from another day to this. That other day, the only one from which it could possibly have been transferred, according to the fourth commandment and all the rest of the Scriptures, is the seventh day. More than this, the first day of the week is not the Lord's day according to the Scriptures. This is as plain and logical as anything needs to be. The Lord him-self said : " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Mark 2: 28. The same Lord said " The seventh day is the Sab-bath." Here are two plain. Scripture state-ments which put in logical formula, stand thus :Š Major : The Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath. Minor : The seventh day is the Sabbath. The only conclusion that can ever be drawn from these premises is,Š Therefore, the Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. That conclusion is just as sound as these two statements of Scripture are; and the two statements of Scripture are as plain and positive on that subject as -any two statements ever can be made. Form-ing from this another syllogism, we have this :Š Major : Whatever day it is of which the Son of man is Lord, that is the Lord's day. Minor : The Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. Therefore, the Lord's day is the seventh day. This logic is unquestionable; and the conclusion -is just as true as the Scripture itself. 