THE AMERICAN SNTINEL,. 140 .law question use arguments in a single speech that were quite as contradictory as the positions taken by these California gentlemen. Yet they go on with these so-called arguments, and advocating these so-called reforms, and seem to feel hurt if the people do not at once fall in with their ideas. The minister who spoke on the previous Sunday, and also called the meeting at Santa Rosa, was asked to speak, but de-clined, saying that he had said all he had to say two days before; but that he felt chagrined that in that city of five or six thousand inhabitants, with ten or twelve churches, and from twelve to thirteen hundred church members, they could get but fifty people out to such a meeting. He said: "I hope that our Congressman, and World's Fair Commissioner, who re-side here, will not learn anything about this meeting." When Christian ministers, and the Christian people of this country learn that their power for good does not lie in secur-ing laws for Sunday observance, or for any other tenet of the faith, it will prove a great benefit to thecause they are labor-ing to advance. God has told us that "it is not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord " that his work is to be done. Nothing is plainer in the teach-ings of Christ and the apostles than that Christianity is to be carried forward purely by persuasion, presenting the love of God to draw men, and never, in any instance, are individuals to be forced by civil law, to observe any tenet of religious faith. We trust that the understanding of many of these good people may be so enlightened that they will learn to turn away from the civil power entirely in their efforts to advance the cause of Christ, and trust solely in his almighty power. A. 0. TAIT. Ł 4-*  "Excellent" Sunday Laws. THE Christian Advocate of this city, congratulates Tennessee on its " excellent" Sunday law. One of the provisions of that law is :Š If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life, or of caus-ing or permitting the same to be done by his chil-dren or servants, acts of real necessity or charity excepted, on Sunday, he shall, on due conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the county, forfeit and pay three dollars, one-half to - the person who will sue for the same, and the other half for the use of the county. The premium which the law put upon espionage is, we suppose, specially pleas-ing to the Advocate. It was on this very provision however that a Justice of the Peace at Springville, Tennessee, came to grief a few years ago. This officer in his zeal to maintain the dignity of the law, and incidentally, of course, to earn fees, induced an impecunious individual in the - neighborhood to enter a complaint for Sunday labor against five of his neighbors who were Seventh-day Adventists. The impecunious citizen who had probably not seen seven dollars and a half since be-fore the war, was told that the aggregate fine would be fifteen dollars, and that half of it should be paid to him. The war-rants were accordingly issued and served, and in due time the prisoners were brought into court. But the Justice was as indiscreet as he was avaricious and allowed it to become known that he had instigated the whole matter. The five defendants of course  demanded a change of venue. This occa-sioned delay and the case was not called in the court to which it was taken by the change until after the expiration of the ten days allowed for filing information in such cases. Having made sure that new warrants could not issue in the same case, the attorney for the dei endants made the point, that the information upon which the arrests had been ordered had not been reduced to writing and sworn to as the statute required. This the Justice who issued the warrants was compelled to ad-mit was the case. The prisoners were at once discharged, and the costs, which amounted to just fifteen dollars, were charged up to the Justice who had insti-gated the arrests. That gentleman still lives in Springville, but he is no longer an officer, and if Sunday work by others, out of his sight and hearing, now outrages his fine sensibilities he gives no sign. C. P. B. Should the State Teach Religion? REV. DR. NELSON MILLARD, of the First Presbyterian Church of Rochester, is re-ported by the Democrat, of that city, as saying in a recent sermon :Š "The question I propose to-day is' Ought the State to regard itself as a religious agency ? ' In other words, has it any proper function in propagating distinc-tively religious teaching ? The position that I take is that the State has no right to re- gard itself as an agency for furthering religious ideas. In saying this I do not wish to be understood as underrating, in the least, the inestimable importance of religion. On the contrary I take the po-sition I do, wholly in the interest of re-ligion. I wish religion were universally disseminated. But I do not think that the State is either the rightful, or can be the successful, agency for accomplishing this object. All Christians want religion spread far and wide, but we may honestly differ as to the proper agencies for doing it. When our lawns here in Rochester are being parched under the midsummer sun we all agree that the city needs an additional water supply, but suppose it were proposed to commit the work of se-curing and introducing a new water sup-ply to the hack drivers and the barbers of the city, would any one who objected to the agency proposed be rightfully con-sidered as objecting to the water supply ? "I object, not to the diffusion of reli-gion, but only to the employment of State agency thereof, believing that it is the proper work of those divinely instituted agencies, the family and the Church. Now I maintain that the State has no proper function for propagating religion; that its whole relationship to any and all religions is exhausted in furnishing them equal and impartial protection. Religion lies outside the province of the State. Human gov-ernments, being of men and by men, are restricted in the exercise of their functions to the relations that exist between man and his fellow-men. Religion, as distinct from morality, has to do with the relations between man and God. When, therefore, human governments undertake to exercise jurisdiction in religion they usurp the di-vine authority and province. They auda-ciously attempt to snatch the scepter from the divine hand. No human government can arrogate to itself jurisdiction in reli-gion, unless it can show an indisputable charter and commission direct from the Most High, in which he appoints it his  vicegerent on earth, and delegates to it his own authority. No government can show that. " I therefore maintain not only that human government has no rightful juris-diction in religion, but that it commits a heinous and blasphemous usurpation of divine authority if it attempts such juris-diction. I also maintain that the position which I take is the only one that is scrip-tural. Christ deliberately, explicitly, and repeatedly pronounced divorce between the Church and State. This he did in his famous words, `Render unto Csesar, the things that are Caesar's; and unto God, the things that are God's.' He did it again in his declaration before Pilate : ' My kingdom is not of this world,'Ša declara-tion which, would to God, the Papacy, so avid for temporal power, would hear and heed. Christ forbade his servants to take up the sword, the emblem of temporal power for the propagation of religion, saying, ' They that take the sword shall perish by the sword.' He paid tribute to the existing civil authorities. He refused to interfere with their prerogatives by de-ciding a business matter between two liti-gants, saying, ' Who made me a judge or divider over you ? ' When in his tempta-tion in the wilderness Satan offered him the temporal power over all the world, he refused the devil's gift saying, ' Get thee hence, Satan.' " The apostles obeyed even Nero, ruling in temporal affairs, but when his govern-ment attempted to interfere with their rights of worship, and of religion, they stubbornly refused obedience, bidding Caesar not to interfere with the rights of God. I maintain still further that any and every alliance of Church and State is not only wrong and unscriptural ' but disas-trously inexpedient. Scarcely any other thing has been such a prolific source of woe as this unhallowed alliance, resulting in religious persecutions, the record of which is one of the darkest and saddest pages of the annals of history. I believe that if Christ, who wept on earth, has ever wept in heaven it has been over his Church employing the horrors of religious perse-cution. It is objected to the position that I have taken that religion is absolutely necessary to good citizenship; that even more than morality is it indispensable, I affirm that this assertion is directly in the teeth of the facts. There are millions of men in this land, some of whom are ag-nostic, some indifferent, and some unbeliev-ing in respect to religion, who are, never-theless, patriotic, excellent, faithful citi-zens, law-abiding and law-upholding. That they lose very much of the highest good of life by not being religious I believe, but their excellent citizenship it is absurd to deny. "Another objection made to the entire divorce of Church and State is, that it will make the State a godless institution, and we hear it often said that the schools in which religion is not inculcated are god-less institutions, and are from the devil. The sophism here is in assuming that everything that is not positively good is positively bad, which is assuming that whatever is godless is ungodly; that what- ever is unreligious is irreligious. It is to say that because a man has not put sugar into water and made it sweet, therefore he has put acids into it and rendered it sour, because God has not been put in the school the devil has. " Ours, I trust, is a nation of Christians, but it is not a Christian Government. Our 