I I I J 1.1.4 .11.111,  Ł 156 AMERICAN SENTINEL. schools distinct from the public school system or as a supplement to the secular instruction which alone can be furnished by general taxation. Nor is this as great a hardship as it appears at first glance. It simply im-poses on parents a religious duty which they ought willingly to bear if they feel that its performance is requisite to the salvation of the souls of their young. They do not expect the state to assist in the provision of such instruction in their churches, and why have they any more reason to ask for it in the case of schools for their children? As the public schools are a prime necessity to our civilization, the maintenance of our popular government, nothing which will interfere with their essential service can be allowed to enter into them, and there is no con-ceivable plan for the restriction of religious education which would not constitute such a disturbance or which could counterbalance by any possible advantage the disastrous consequences of the controversies which would inevitably result from it. One of the most beneficent offices performed by our public school system is in assimilating our great multi-tude of immigrants. It gives their children the English speech and rapidly transforms them into Americans in thought and feeling. That is a public duty, a necessity of popular government, and whatever interferes with it, even if it was the honest desire to impart religious in-struction, would be no less than a great national calam-ity. The field for religious effort is outside of these schools and it is in no way restricted by them. If a church deems education without religion a terrible evil it must supply the omission in schools of its own, as the Roman Catholics are now doing on so large a scale, or by inculcating the obligation of parental religious train-ing at home. A National "Christian" Political Ticket. THE  "United Christian Party," mentioned recently in these columns as having been developed from a reli-gious conference or convention held in Willard Hall, Chicago, intend to put a political ticket in the field for the coming national campaign, and the following is re-ported as the idea of one of their leaders:Š NATIONAL CHRISTIAN TICKET. "RIGHTEOUSNESS." For President, A CHRISTIAN. For Vice-President, A CHRISTIAN. For United States Senators, CHRISTIANS. For Representatives in Congress, CHRISTIANS. "Wouldn't you nominate any infidels or atheists?" was asked him. "Not one. I would appoint them to consulates in Turkey and darkest Africa, with instruc-tions to argue the religious question out with Satan, the sultan, and the chimpanzees." There is righteousness and "righteousness," and there are Christians and "Christians." And there are Christians who know very little about the business of running civil government, and non Christians who are well qualified in this respect. The only result of the success of this "United Christian" political scheme would be that politicians would have forced upon them a strong inducement to profess Christianity and stand well with the church. Hypocrisy would flourish and the church would be more and more leavened with the spirit of worldliness. The ideal state of the church is that de-scribed in the Book of Acts where the hypocritical class were all afraid to join the church, having the fate of Ananias before their eyes, and only the sincere believers were added to it, and these in great numbers. 04. What They Think of The Sentinel. A FEW EXTRACTS FROM LETTERS OFPEOPLE WHO APPRE-CIATE THE WORK OF THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. I CONSIDER  the AMERICAN SENTINEL the one true ex ponent of popular government in this country. No republic can long exist where church and state are blended, or where religion interferes in politics. The Catholic Church is using the many so-called Christian political organizations with which to draw first blood. This is the expressed sentiment of one who belongs to no church, but will never endorse the encroachments of religious organizations upon religious liberty. May the SENTINEL long continue in the good cause. I am ever ready to lend a helping hand so far as my ability will permit. J. D. HAMMONDS, M.D. La Mesa, Cal., February 17, 1900. I SHALL not stop giving support to the SENTINEL SO long as I am able to pay for it. I feel a deep interest in its work for liberty and justice. In working for our fellow-men we are working for the Master. May right prevail. WESLEY PULVER. Stoddard, Wis., February 22, 1900. I WITH pleasure renew my subscription for the AMERICAN SENTINEL. I think I never saw a paper that voices my sentiments in every particular like this wonderful little paper. May it always dare to speak the truth, and uphold the foundation of American prin-ciples in both church and state, is the sincere prayer of the writer. A. E. FRANK. Canton, N. F., December 26, 1899. 