42  o ut 294 TIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. What Need of Sunday Laws? HON. H. SCOTT HOWELL, in the June Evangel of Rest, says:Š The Divine, with infinite wisdom, requires us to "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ; " and every citizen, however humble he may be, whether rich or poor, whether black or white, who in obe-dience to this divine law, engages in acts of devotion and worship, in his own home or in the public as-sembly, may do so in this free country " with none to molest or make him afraid." Referring to Mr. Howell's words, a Des Moines, Iowa, paper asks the following pertinent questions :Š If the above is true, what force is there in the pathetic appeals of the American Sabbath Union to Congress for laws to give the poor laboring man a chance to rest, and go to church ? And if all, rich or poor, black or white, may, if they will, obey the divine law of the Sabbath, " with none to molest or make them afraid," what is the object of all this clamor for Sabbath legislation ? WHATEVER may be true of Protestants in other lands, the Protestants of the United States are unqualifiedly opposed to any union of Church and State, even such a union as is involved when the State undertakes to give the simplest instruction in religion. But it becomes evident that, if the State is going to undertake to give complete education to all its citizens, one of two things must follow : either there must be no religious instruction and we must rear generations of agnostics and atheists, or else it must teach doctrines against which a considerable portion of the citizens protest. Neither of these things ought to be. It is the business of the Christian people of this land, and of any land, to see to it that the atmosphere breathed by their children, while acquiring the education which is to fit them for the present life, be such as shall conduce to their religious as well as to their mental growth, that heart and mind be cultivated at the same time.ŠJournal and Messen-ger (Baptist), Cincinnati. THE Rev. Frank Dixon, pastor of the Tenth Avenue Baptist Church, Oakland, in a recent sermon on " The Sabbath," touched the heart of the greater part of the fancied devotion to Sunday, in the following words:Š Was our religion so inseparable from the Sunday of our fathers that it vanished with the desecration of that day ? Going down to the bottom of the matter, have we been worshiping a day or Jesus Christ ? Then, too, we cannot help asking our-selves if a large part of- the reverence with which we have viewed Sunday has not been rendered to our fathers who bequeathed us the day, rather than to any sanctity which we discovered in the day. It is ancestor-worship instead of devo-tion to the day for its own sake, in a large degree. Mr. Dixon does not believe that Sunday is any more sacred than any other day, but that all days are alike; but yet he finds ground for State Sunday laws. Great is consistency, but greater yet is custom.--Signs of the Times. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting  the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according  to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religions legislation by the- civil government;  that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. A LONDON despatch says that Cardinal Manning has written a letter to the-  Social Science Congress, in session at Liege, Belgium, urging among other things, that the observance of Sunday be enforced. Ł At every public gathering, both in this country and Europe, where it is possible to present and advocate the claims of Sun-day for legal acknowledgment and en-forced observance, ministers and prelates of ability and eminence, in church cir-cles, are found ready to press the subject with all their power and subtilty. It cannot be long before the result of this will become so evident that even the way-faring men, who are absorbed in running the world's race, will be able to read the signs of the times. AN Iowa paper, favorable to the objects of the National Religious Liberty Associ-ation, has the following note Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts gave three lectures in Des Moines, Sunday, and one, Monday evening. His coming was a surprise, his announcements not be-ing made till within a few hours before he delivered his first address. Our readers, understand the ob-ject of such a course, but they may be assured that Rev. Crafts's hearers will be bountifully supplied with National Religious Liberty reading-matter, even if the distribution has to follow the lectures. It i.5 hard for Mr. Crafts to kick against the pricks, but he may as well make up his mind that he cannot have a monopoly of teaching upon the Sunday-law question. If he believes his cause just, he should not fear full and free discussion. AT a regular meeting of the Board of Managers of the National Temperance Society, held recently in New York, the following resolution was passed, and the Secretary directed to transmit a copy -to the Commissioners of the World's Fair, at Chicago :Š Resolved, That the Board of Managers of the Na-tional Temperance Society, in behalf of its mem-bership throughout the Nation, earnestly protests against the opening of the World's Fair on the Sabbath day, Is the National Temperance Society about to swing into line with the National Reform Party ? The Sunday Union, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the King's Daughters, the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, are already bound in the political compact. If the National Temperance Society joins the great conspiracy against religious freedom and Christianity undefiled, the only or-ganizations still remaining- neutral will be the Young Men's Christian Association, the Salvation Army, the Labor Unions, and the secret s,ocieties. It may be said that this resolution is intended to be in the interest of temper-ance. It is not so worded. But if so, it is time the National Temperance Society learned that it cannot associate itself with the movement to enforce religious form-ality by civil measures, and establish, in any degree, an enforced political religion, and at- the same time expect to serve acceptably, either God or the cause of temperance. MR. B. L. DIFFENBACHER, 1201 Market Street, Sioux City, Icwa, wishes Religious Liberty reading matter for free distribu-tion during the Corn Palace Carnival, in that city, September 25, to October 11. Unsoiled copies of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL or numbers of the "Sentinel Library," will be thankfully received, and judi-ciously used. Send by mail or express, prepaid, to the above address. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. MoKEE, President. Secretary. 