632 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AFTER morethan a century of existence of a "govern-ment of the people, by the people, and for the people," based upon the principle that all men are created equal in respect of certain unalienable rights, which it is the business of governments to preserve, the American peo-ple are to-day as anxiously engaged in the quest for "good government" as they were before any government had been instituted upon that principle. * PROBABLY there was never a time when so much was heard about "good government" as is heard to-day. It is the leading cry of each one of the political parties in its appeal for the support of the people. It is the subject of their loudest promises. When once it is in power, says each one, there will be no more of this, that, or the other obnoxious features which have prevailed under the pre-ceding regime. Some force is generally lent to these as-sertions by the fact that the people are verygenerally suf-fering from bad government. In their ardent hope for something better, the people continue to put faith in these promises, as a drowning man clutches at a straw. OCCASIONALLY the new'party, or the old party, that has been for some time "out of a job," gets into power, and the people wait for it to put its prorates into effect. And after they have waited awhile, and the promised re-forms and other benefits do not materialize, they learn with indignation and grief that the party has "shame-fully betrayed the people's trust" (or words to that effect) and there must be another "turning out" of the "rascals" before good government can be attained. This has been the record of every party that has been in power in Amer-ican politics for many years. * * THIS condition of things prevails in spite of the fact that it is very easy to discover a "sure remedy." For you can find such a remedy set forth in the columns of every newspaper. It Łis amusing to note, the air of assur-ance with which our political journals set forth just what mistakes were made by the people in the last election, just where the successful party has been recreant to its duty, and just what is needed to realize that condition of things for which the country has long been looking. It is related of the Confederate General Lee that having his attention called at one time, to the way in which the  Southern journals criticised the campaigns of the armies and pointed out the mistakes of his generals and just what ought to be done to insure great victories in the immediate future, he remarked: "I had thought that we had the best men to command our armies that could be chosen for the place; but I now see that we have only second-rate men for the army, and that our ablest gen-erals have been left at home to edit the newspapers." It is not recorded, however, that he found occasion to call for the services of any of these "ablest generals" in the field. * THE people are assured that the only thing necessary to the realization of "good government" is the election of the proper persons to office,. But it seems very hard to discover the proper persons, or, when discovered, to get them installed into the coveted positions of public trust. It is no longerleft to the old parties to select these individuals. "Faith" in the old parties is on the wane, but not faith in the magic power of the ballot. Still be-lieving in the potency of the latter to evolve all the nec-essary conditions of thelong-sought "good government," new parties are entering the arena of political contention, and even the forces of religion are joining in the struggle for the control of the ballot box. It would seem that the more failures are made to secure "reform" and good government by the ballot, the firmer does the "faith" of the people grow in the effectiveness of the ballot for that very end. FOR instance, we now have the "National Christian Citizenship League" out with a "proclamation," that the league, "having declared a national crusade for the purification of public life, the dethronement of evil and the enthronement of the principles of Jesus Christ in these United States, . . . appeals -to the pure-minded, true-hearted men and women of the Republic who believe with Charles Sumner that 'righteousness is preservation,' and calls for a million volunteers to enlist for the war and report at once to the national headquarters." The Christian EndeavOr forces are marshaling for a like pur-pose. They expect to succeed where the old parties have failed, because of the fact that they will do their work on a "Christian" basis! WHAT is the matter, anyway? Does the trouble lie in the principles upon which the government is estab-lished? Were the statesmen wrong in their political views who wrote the Declaration of Independence and drafted the Constitution?ŠNo; these documents are just as good to-day, in themselves, as they ever were. The failure has not been in them, but in that very fallible thing through 'which they were to be applied; namely, human nature. And in this the failure has been 'very great. 