738 THE SENTINEL,  LIBERTY. The one system recognizes that man came into being through the act of a Creator, to whose author-ity the individual must be always amenable; the other system makes the individual amenable always to a human authority, either that of a monarch or that expressed by the will of the majority. The one, system is based on Christian principles; the other system is atheistic. To admit that all men have " certain unalienable rights," is to admit, as did the founders of this Re-public, that there is a Creator from whom all men derive their existence. To deny that all men have such rights, on the other hand, is to assert that all men derive their existence from some other-source. The National Reform scheme of government, by denying that' all men have " certain unalienable rights," represents political atheism; and those who confess themselves to be atheists, by denying the existence of a Creator, likewise deny that men have,  unalienable rights. Both these parties belong, po-litically, in the same class. They uphold the same general system of government. One party, repre-sented by the National Reformers, claim that the government is from God through themselves as his chosen servants, and they ignore the rights of such as differ from them upon -the plea that all must be subject to the will of God. The other party, who openly deny the existence of a Creator, have nothing to say about the will of God, but hold that the will of the people must alwys prevail over that of the individual. These two parties assume different premises, but arrive, at the same conclusion; their schemes of government amount to the same thing in the end; starting from different points of belief they ultimately come together on a common politi-cal platformŠthey find themselves united in main-taining that an individual must be governed in all things by the will of the majorityŠunited,  in doing 'away with the individual conscience, the one party by affirming that it must, be subservient to the state conscience, and the other by denying the religious foundation upon which conscience rests. The sole foundation of the other system of gov-ernment, which exalts the individual by recognizing -that it,  exists to serve the individual and not to be served by him, is Christianity. Men may scoff at individualism as an outgrown theory, but Chris-tianity upholds it. Christianity represents self-government in its perfect form, government in which individual freedom attains its acme. While  God endures Christianity must endure; and while Christianity' endures individualism Łhas a sure support. It may stand discredited among the ephemeral systems of time, but it is the chosen government for eternity. s. HAVE PROTESTANTS A RIGHT TO MAKE SUN-' DAY LAWS ? To this question THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY gives, as it has ever given, a negative answer. It denies that any class of people, Protestant or other-wise, have the right to use compulsion upon others in the sphere of religious observances. But it is interesting to note the fact that the right of Prot-estants to say how Sunday shall be observed is boldly denied 13y the Church of Rome. That this-is a fact is plainly stated in the following from the Cagrolic Press, the leading organ of the Papacy in Australia, the occasion of its utterance being an agitation which has been going on in New South Wales regarding " Sunday desecration:" " But there is something still wanting to a full statement of the untenable position taken up by those sticklers for " Sabbath " observance. What right, anyhow, have these gentlemen as Protestants -to lay down the law as to what is to be done or not done on Sunday? Sunday is a Catholic institution, and it's claims to observance can be defended only on Catholic principles. If the Bible and the Bible only is the religion of Protestants,' if whatever is not read therein nor may be proved thereby' has no claim on their faith or observance, what scrap of title can they show for all their dogmatic insistence as to the requirements of the Lord's Day? From beginning -to end of Scripture there is not a single passage that Warrants the transfer of weekly public worship from the last day of the week to the first. Thus Sunday observance is an incongruous adjunct of the Protestant faith, utterly out of keeping with its fundamental principle, and strongly suggests a religion that suffered sadly rrom too much hurry in the making. " If any Sabbatarian wants to know the proper method of spending the Sunday, the Catholic Church is the natural source to apply to for infor-mation. Under her direction the Sunday supplanted the Jewish Sabbath, and she is, therefore, the Łbest fitted to settle any dispute as to its claims." These are statements which should cause Prot-estants to do some serious thinking before proceed-ing further with the enforcement of Sunday observ-ance; Does not the Church of Rome know what. 