ANdrictit0A_N NT1t 7 it VOL. 9, Xo. 20. for legislation, which in any way, to the least degree, proposes to touch the con- scientious beliefs or observances of a soli-tary individual in all the land; give no heed to this bill, which, in its very terms, proposes to commit Congress to the super-) vision of conscientious beliefs, and proposes to drive the national power into a field where the makers of the national power forbade it to go, and to compel it to assume jurisdiction of questions which they have forbidden it even to consider. Now as to the petitionŠthat petition shows what this bill means. Both this bill and the Senate bill, "which includes this," were framed and introduced upon this petition. If we know what the petition asks for, we shall know also what the bills are intended to give. Here is the petition ŠI read the one for the national law, " which includes this : "Š To the House of Representatives of the United StatesŠ The undersigned organizations and adult residents (21 years of age or more) of the United States hereby earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbidding in the United States mail and military serv-ice, and in interstate commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of religion. That is the petition which they are cir-culating. That is the petition which they present to you. That is the petition upon which these bills were framed. They ask you to stop everything on SundayŠ" all Sunday traffic and work," all " work, la-bor, or business," "except works of reli-gion." And yet they have the face to plead before the public, and in the pres-ence of this committee, that this question " has nothing to do with religion.' Noth-ing, to do with religion when it prohibits everything " except works of religion " ? If this is not a religious petition, why do they " except " only " works of religion " ? Except works of religion, and works of real neces-sity and mercy, and such private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week by abstaining from labor and business, as will neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship. Of traffic, work, labor, or business', the exception is works of religion; of the peo-ple, the exception is only of those who religiously and regularly observe another day. Those who are to observe the day named must be religious that day; those who do not observe the day named must be religious, and regularly so, some other day of the week. Now, gentlemen, these bills were framed upon this petition. The intention of the petition is the intention of the bills. Therefore it is as plain as the day that the object of both this bill and the Senate bill is the enforced conscien-tious belief in, and religious observance of, a rest-day. The question then which would inevit-able arise upon this is, What religion is it whose works of religion only shall be ex-cepted ? That question would have to be answered. It would have to be answered by the United States courts or by Congress. But whenever, or by whichever, it shall be answered, when it is answered, that moment you have an established religionŠa union of Church and State. You can-not go back if you take the first step. The last step is in the first one, and we beg of you, gentlemen of the committee, and of these men themselves, for their own sakes as well as ours, do not take the first step. We all know that the most wickedly cruel and most mercilessly inconsiderate of all governments is that in which the ecclesiastics control the civil power. And  how are you going to escape it under such laws as here proposed ? Who is to enforce these Sunday laws? Who, indeed, but those who are working for them ? Cer-tainly those who are opposed to them, or indifferent about them, will not enforce them. Who then are they who are work-ing for the enactment of these laws? Who organize the conventions and count out the opposite votes ? Who appeared here before your committee to argue in favor of it? Who, indeed, but the Church managers? for you saw how summarily the Knights of Labor part of the delega-tion was squelched. Well, then, if it is the Church which secures the enactment of the law, it will be the Church that will have to see to the enforcement of the law. In order to do this she will have to have police and courts which will do her bidding. This is her great difficulty now. There is now no lack of Sunday laws, either in the States or the Territories, but the laws are not enforced. In order to get executives and police and courts who will enforce the law to her sat-isfaction, the Church will have to elect them. Then, as said Mr. Crafts in this city the other day, they will form " Law and Order Leagues to enforce" the Sunday laws. Here then is the system : The Church combines to get the law, enacted; the' Church secures the election of officers who will do her bidding; the Church forms " Law and Order League s" to make sure that the officers do her bidding and enforce the law. Where, then, will the State appear, but in the subordinate posi-tion to formulate and execute the will of the Church? Then you have the Church above the State, the ecclesiastical superior to the civil power. This is just what is in this national Sunday-law movement; and this is what will certainly come out of it. It is inherent there. But when George III. undertook to make the military superior to the civil power, our liberty-loving fathers declared it tyranny and avowed such things should not be in this land. And now when a movement reaches the national capitol which bears in itself an attempt to make the ecclesiastical superior to the civil power, it is time for the American people to declare that this is tyranny also, and resolve that no such thing shall be in this land. That attempt one hundred and fourteen years ago grew out of the "divine right of kings" to govern, and the doctrine that governments do not, derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. This attempt now grows out of the divine right of the ecclesiastics to govern, and likewise that governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. The president of the American Sabbath Union, which is the originator of this national Sunday-law scheme, has definitely declared in so many words that "governments do not derive, their just powers from the consent of the governed;" and one of the secretaries of an auxiliary union has as definitely stated that " this movement is an effort to change that fea-ture of our fundamental law." Gentlemen, when such doctrines as these are openly avowed, and when such an attempt as this is made by those who avow them, to embody them in national law, it is time for all the people to declare, as the Seventh-day Adventists decidedly do, that this nation is, and of right ought to be, FREE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL ECCLESIASTICAL OR RELIGIOUS CONNEC-TION, INTERFERENCE)  OR CONTROL. Fanatical and Unconstitutional. SENATOR GALLINGER has introduced a bill " to protect the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest and worship in the District of Columbia." As this bill was presented "by request," he is not responsible for its conception, which can be readily traced to its authors. Is it incumbent upon congressmen to waste time and exasperate freemen by presenting bills that are absolutely uncon-stitutional ? Ought not the result of their last attempt to throttle liberty of con-science to suffice as an object lesson for at least two years ? What good came of at-tempting to shut up the World's Fair on Sunday? The law was defied and Con-gress was slapped in the face, as it ever will be when fanaticism overrides reason and demands that we return to the intoler-ance of the Puritans. " Congress shall make no laws respect-ing an establishment of religion or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof," is the very First Amendment to a Constitution upon which this Republic is based; yet cranks in trousers and in petticoats ever and anon do demand now that God be put into the Constitution, and now that the District of Columbia, which is at the mercy of men who pay taxes elsewhere, shall be sub-jected to religious legislation. Have we no Hebrews among us ? No second Ad-ventists ? No agnostics ? So long as public. peace is preserved, what business has Congress to mind the business of the people of this District ? Listening to fanatics, legislators have driven cabs from their stands on Sunday against the wishes of both drivers and the public, the latter of whom are sadly inconvenienced. Pursued to its logical end this tyranny would stop horse and cable cars as well. Why should cabs be more impious than cars ? Senator Gallinger's Senate bill 1628 has been referred to the District Commission-ers. In the name of liberty and the Con-stitution, I protest against the bill that insults both. Let the commissioners open their Bibles, and, turning to the second chapter and sixteenth verse of Colossians, read Paul's excellent advice: "Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of a holy day, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath days." Behold the tolerance of a Christianity that its bigoted professors refuse to follow. Are these bigots disciples of Calvin ? Then let me tell them that Calvin would repudiate such unworthy followers. What was his counsel to his students ? " Ob-serve the Sabbath day, but if any man says to you, you must keep it, then break it as a token of your Christian liberty." I commend St. Paul and Calvin to the attention of the three Commissioners of the District of Columbia.ŠKate Field's Washington. The Stundists in Russia. FOR many years the Russian authorities have been banishing Stundists and other Protestants to the Caucasus. As might have been foreseen, this has made that province a stronghold of Protestantism; and now at a meeting of the Holy Synod, soon to be held, the head of the Greek Church in the Caucasus is to submit a plan for breaking up the communities of believers and isolating the individual members in villages where they may be under closer surveillance. But wherever the real Protestant goes he carries the 