540 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE war is ended; but the slaughter of the troops continues. There are some things that seems to be even more fatal to the troops than the guns of the enemy. ALL accounts of army movements are full of tales of sickness and death from disease, exposure, and improper food, and the general impression is that there has been gross if not criminal incompetence displayed in the man-agement of affairs relating to the health of the soldiers. Where the blame properly rests is of course a disputed question. No one has yet been found who is willing to shoulder the blame which, like Noah's dove, is seeking a resting place. * THE situation, however, has become too serious, and public indignation too strongly aroused, to be passed over in silence. The highest commanding officer, General Miles, is understood to have made serious charges against the Secretary of War and his assistants, and an investi-gation by court martial is expected to result. This is a phase of the war that does not seem to have been antici-pated at the start. * THAT scores and perhaps hundreds of lives should have been sacrificed to official incompetence and military red tape is certainly a fact which reflects seriously upon the men in charge of the campaign. It has been affirmed that the United States was waging a Christian warfare; but the spirit of Christian helpfulness which was to be manifested toward the Cubans seems to have been quite absent in the treatment accorded the American troops themselves by the military authorities. And this only goes to show, with many other things, the hollowness of the claim that Christianity was exemplified in this carnal warfare. * * ANOTHER thing about which much has been said, and which has a bearing in this direction, is the army "can-teen." This word stands for a system by which intoxi-cating drinks is served to the soldiers in camp, who both drink the liquor and are obliged to furnish bar tenders. Imagine a Christian young man forced to serve as bar tender in one of these drinking places, or be disciplined for insubordination. It is a very plain truth that a Christian who would go to war must either make a god  of his superior officers, or expect to be subjected to mili-tary discipline. The military code provides no place for conscience in the life of the so dier. * How MUCH of the disease that is making greater rav-ages among the troops than was made on the battle field, is due to this army "canteen"? The close relation between spirituous, drink and bodily disease is well enough established to warrant the conclusion that the canteen is by no means guiltless as regards this dreadful loss of life. And as the canteen system is permitted by the Gov-ernment, we have the strange spectacle of the Govern-ment joining hands with the enemies of its own troops, to destroy their lives. We believe it is no stretch of the truth to say that strong drink is the greatest and most dangerous foe of the American Government. It is the deadly enemy of all government. It is anarchy in liquid form. * * THE papacy has, it is said, asked and obtained of the President the assurance that there will be no interference with the Catholic religion in the Spanish territories which have been surrendered to the United States. And now the papal Secretary of State, Cardinal Rampolla, sends word to Archbishop Ireland instructing him to call on the President and thank him for this declaration. In view of which a leading daily of this city observes, quite truthfully, that this "is doubtless gratifying to the Pres-ident, but unnecessary. The President can do nothing to call for thanks. He can simply do his duty under the Constitution, which is to give every religion a fair show. If he did more he would be usurping authority; if he did less he would be guilty of neglect of duty. When he ob-serves the principles of the Constitution he is entitled to recognition as a faithful servant, but not to thanks." * * THERE is something a little singular howeverŠsus-piciously soŠabout this asking for a "fair show" for the Catholic religion and this show of thanks for the Presi-dent's assurance. Why should it be thought necessary to ask merely for a fair show? The Catholic Church has that here, and has always had it; she has boasted of her freedom and opportunities under the American Govern-ment. Why then should it be feared that she will not enjoy that freedomŠwhy necessary to ask that it be as-suredŠunder American rule elsewhere? Why, unless it is something a little more than a "fair show" for which the Catholic Church is really asking? But anything more than this will be in violation of fundamental American law. * * ANOTHER way in which the papaCy is reported to be bidding for recognition from the American Government is through a proposal to the latter to join with it in ap-pointing a new hierarchy in the captured islands. This 