tis la41L-LIC_A_INT VoL. 9, No. 15. to have tickets distributed at the churches Sunday, on which will be presented the question, " Are you regis-tered ? " Is it that these organizations fear no one will be elected at the spring elections if they do not bestir themselves and see that some one is ? Oh, no! Some one is sure to be elected. What then ? The wrong person might go into office.. It is " for the cause of good government " that these " Christian " organizations have en-tered the political arena. But He with whose name these organizations link their own said that his government or " king-dom is not of this world." So upon what principle have these organizations left the cause of Him whose name they bear ? Can it be other than that of Rome, that politics properly " is a matter of their holy religion" ? But when some members of these organizations, as well as those who are not members, do not desire to support the candidates which their organ-ization wishes them to, wh'at then ? When once the principle is adopted, it inevitably leads to the logical result. Some of its workings have just been shown in the Irish election case. But now that the Christian (?) societies have stepped " in the ring," as the En-quirer puts it, which society will place its nominees in office, and finally bring poli-tics and politicians under its control ? Why, the one numerically and politically the strongest, to be sure. And as every one knows, or may know, that organiza-tion is the Catholic Church. And it is for this very thing that this church is most earnestly striving. But when the political offices are to be doled out from the hands of the strongest religio-politi-cal organization, those who receive them will have to shape their legislation to suit the dictates of that organization. No one can do that so well as its own members. Then will there not very soon be seen in this country the very thing that is now seen in Ireland, the candidates place themselves and leave themselves in the hands of the clergy, and of the same clergy as in Ire-land, that their election may be procured ? In view of this who cannot plainly see the evil of the whole principle of the mixing of those two elements which should be forever kept separate, politics and reli- gion ? C. G. HOWELL. Putting God Into the National Constitu- tion. RABBI E. N. CALISCH, of Richmond, Va., as reported by the American Hebrew, has lately uttered some most appropriate and truthful criticisms upon the move-ment of the National Reformers, for the amendment of the Constitution so as to make this legally " a Christian nation." What ever may be the purposes of these reformers, the success of their scheme, would be the beginning of such evils, as have always attended the union of Church and State. It is of no account that they protest, " We do not favor the union of Church and State; we seek simply the union of Christianity and the State." But the execution of their scheme would be more than mere union; it would be the subordination of the State to some form of organized Christianity, and, unless the tendency which is now strongest is rapidly and radically changed, Roman Catholicism would be that representative of Christian-ity. The papal power can well afford to wait if this movement, which is urged  mainly by " Reformed Presbyterians," can be carried to a successful issue. No movement could be made by the rep-. resentatives of the pope, which would be more favorable to the genius and purposes of the Papal Church, than this which these most protesting Protestants have under-taken. Rabbi Calisch said :Š They forget that religion is a thing of the heart, and not of legislation. You cannot enact belief, or place faith within a man's bosom by putting  it on the statute book. Law cannot control the struggles of the soul, or legislation check or restrain its flight. There may be a thousand constitutions, with a thousand pream-bles to each, and, a thousand mentionings of the Deity in each, yet they will never turn the atheistic heart or place God within a bosom where he is not already enthroned and acknowledged. For this reason, the union of Church and State is wrong; for this reason, that union, wherever it has been, has been dangerous and pernicious ; and for this reason, this resolution, which seeks to re-establish this union, is a threat to the safety of the country, whose greatest blessing has been in the separation of these two great factors of human civilization. It is probable that this bill will not become a law. It must pass the House and the Senate with two thirds majority in each;  it must be ratified and concurred in by the conventions or legislatures of three-fourths of the States of the Union. But it is in every degree pos-sible. The sense of justice in some of the followers of the creed favored therein may be strong enough for them to admit that this resolution is an infringement on the rights and privileges of many citizens, but it will not be strong enough, in all instances, to produce any opposition to it. Its advocates will be tireless and ubiquitous. Though many of them will, doubtless, be ministers of the gospel and pronounced professors of religion, yet we know, from experience, that not, in all cases, will they hesitate to use means unscrupu-lous and dishonest: With them the end justifies the means. To have it formally and constitutionally de-clared that this is a "Christian country and that its glory and grandeur are due to the name of Christ," will be sufficient to set in motion all the machination of politics. All the tricks, methods and media, known and yet to be invented, will be resorted to. Appeals will be made to cupidity, fear, superstition, social ambition, to the love of gain and distinction, and, like Esau's mess of pottage, the birthright of the dear-est privilege of American citizenship will be bartered for a vote for a hangman's office or the janitorship of a public building. It will be well if the public mind can be aroused to understand the possible, and the actual evils which lie underneath this seemingly devout attempt to re-introduce a state of affairs which would give the death-blow to religious freedom, if the proposed amendment should become opera-tive.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Religion in the London Schools. THE question of religious education in the publid schools, so long a bone of con-tention here, has given rise to violent con-troversy in the London School Board also, extending over months of stormy agita-tion. It was settled for the moment a few weeks ago by the adoption by the board of a scheme for such instruction, but as the vote was close, 27 against 21, and as the strong opposition is bitter in the ex-treme, and regards itself as unjustly beaten, the decision is by no means final. Doubtless the contest will be carried into the election of a new board when it oc-curs, and thus the field of battle will be greatly enlarged. The plan of religious education adopted by a majority so narrow is defined in a circular addressed to the teachers of the schools. In brief, it directs that the Bible shall be used as a " text book," from which the teacher " should give such ex-planations in the Christian religion and morality as are suited to the capacities of children of various ages attending the schools of the board." This instruction must not " diverge from the presentation of the Christian religion which is revealed in the Bible ; " and the teacher is at liberty  to elucidate and enforce Christian princi-ples by referring to any part of the Bible. These principles the circular defines as including "a belief in God the Father as our Creator, in God the Son as our Re-deemer, and in God the Holy Ghost as our Sanctifier." It says, further, that the " Board cannot approve of any teaching which denies either the divine or the hu-man nature of the Lord Jesus Christ, or that leaves on the minds of the children any other impression than that they are bound to trust and serve him as their God and Lord." It also gives liberty to the teacher to use hymns in the religious exercises, concluding with the doxology or prayers other than the Lord's prayer. Finally, it forbids any "attempt whatever to attach the children to any particular religious denomination," and declares that the religious opinions of candidates will influence neither their appointment nor their promotion, and that they will not be subjected to any questions as to their reli-gious belief. Very naturally and reasonably the oppo-sition to such a scheme was powerful and intense. Neither did it come wholly nor in chief part from members of the board who might be accused of religious infidel-ity. Included in the minority of twenty-one were seven ministers, who opposed the circular on the ground that it justified dogmatic teaching, or at least opened the door for it. Of course the objection is well founded, for the teachers will be al-most irresistibly tempted to give such a bias to their religious instruction, accord-ing to their own belief, owing to the large liberty allowed them in the interpretation of the Bible; and it is the difference in such interpretation that causes the differ-ence in the dogmatic teachings of the churches. It is this irreconcilable controversy which makes impossible religious instruc-tion in schools which are supported by the public, and in which children of all reli-, gious beliefs are pupils. The opposition, too, comes from parents of a firm religious belief rather than those who are infidels. The agnosticism of this day is indifferent to dogmatic religion, rather than hostile to it. Very many parents, more especially the fathers, who are usually the agnostics, make no objection to the religious educa-tion of their children, deeming it generally useful to them because of its moral culti-vation, by reason of which, desirable rev-erence and elevation of sentiment are encouraged. Where the parents are reli-gious believers, with a definite creed, they are fearful of any religious instruction by which a dogmatic tinge offensive to them may be imparted. It is obvious that the fight over religious education in London is not decided by the adoption of this report in the School Board. That result is rather the signal for renewed hostilities in the board itself, which will arouse public agitation when a new board is to be elected.ŠN. Y. Sun. Massachusetts Abolishes Its Legal Fast Day. " THE abolition of Fast Day in Massa-chusetts, legally accomplished on Friday, is personally a triumph for ex-Governor Russell, who first, though unsuccessfully, urged it upon the legislature. The day had come to be only a pious mockery, in reality nothing but a general holiday masquerading as a time of fasting and 