OU2K. FISHERMAN'S OUTFIT We can't begin to describe contents of our 1898 BONANZA for fishermen. Contains a patentPOLISILED BRASS REEL worth price of whole outfit; 1 LinenTROUT LINE; 1 Linen BASS or SALIION LINE; 1 Long COTTON LINE on block; 1 FUR-NISHED LINE with BOB, SINK-ER 86 11005; 1 dos. Best Ass'd FISH. HOOKS; A large assort-ment °MIES for Trout, Bass A Salmon; 2 SNELL HOOKS CUTS. All complete in neat Box ; Every article is FIRST CLASS; No cheap Job Lots; The whole makes the CHEAPEST nd HOST PRACTICAL OUTFIT ever sold at even double the price. Price post paid with large Catalogue CENTS of MOO new and necessary articles. ONLY®  1  RUT. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., 05 CORTLANDT ST., N. 1. TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek  Sanitarium Health Foods, manufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, ale not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods " in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods" are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- bach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. DR. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenoda, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Wm. M. MEnwnsi. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies "by hand." D. W. McCountr. MAY 4, 1893. AluiH,TELICA.N 143 THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM HEALTH FOODS. Sundays. The newspapers, in retaliation, propose to have all the Sunday laws enforced, and if the undertaking is successful some of the law and order people will be hit in financially tender spots. That is a kind of reciprocity that they do not look upon with admiration. ŠRochester Democrat. Enforce the Law to the Letter. The people of Pittsburg evidently do not propose to let the Sabbatarians have a monopoly of the business of enforcing the Blue Laws of Pennsyl-vania. If it is wrong to issue Sunday newspapers, it is also wrong to do any work on the Lord's day, and so the authorities will see to it that the statutes that were enacted over a century ago to meet the stern Quaker sentiment of those times are enforced to the letter. That is the way to do away with them forever.ŠBoston Herald. The agitation of this subject is not to cease with the Sunday closing, or open-ing, of the World's Fair, but it will con-tinue until every municipality, from the least to the greatest, shall have had its decisive contests over the question,Šuntil every court shall have made its author-itative precedent; and until every in-dividual citizen has taken his stand upon the question, either for or against. Some Deep Irony. REV. REED STUART, of Detroit, Mich., lately expressed himself in the following language of deep irony in reference to the part which the religious element of this country has taken in securing the action of Congress to close the World's Fair on Sunday:Š We have shown that we have great influence. We have made Congress do an unconstitutional thing. We have succeeded in compelling our law-makers to do for us what, if it were done for the Catholics, all of us would denounce, and some would take up arms to oppose; that is, deciding a religious question, and voting money for a national purpose with qualifications to fit the opinions of certain religious sects. Some of our methods have not been of the high-est the human mind could conceive. We have paid agents to lobby for us. We have indulged in some denunciation, which is never very just, even when a cause is just. We have mistaken the word Sunday for religion, and have permitted our zeal for the former to make us say some things which the latter would forbid. Idolatry is the worship of that which is seen ; of the thing rather than the principle; of the symbol rather than that which is symbolized. The insti-tution is not a means but a finality. The temple is holier than the religion which built it. A rite or ordinance is esteemed of more value than the soul. Humanity is often sacrificed to a mere cus-tom. We say the Sabbath was not made for manŠfor humanityŠbut for some men and women; namely, for those who think as we do about it and will observe it as we do. These paragraphs contain facts. It would be well if those who have suc-ceeded in securing such undesirable and contradictory results, would give them some consideration. The arraignment of the course taken towards the World's Fair in Sunday closing as unconstitu-tional, unjust, and idolatrous is merited by the facts. SMITH'S CONPREHENSIVE DICTIONARY OF THE BIBLE WITH MANY IMPORTANT ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS. Designed to be a complete guide in regard to the pro-nunciation and signification of Scriptural names; THE SOLUTION OF DIFFICULTI S respecting the interpretation, authority, and harmony of the Old and New Testaments; the history and description of Bib-lical customs, events, places, persons, animals, plants, miner-als, and other things concerning which information is needed by an intelligent and thorough student of the Holy Scriptures, and of the books of the Apocrypha. Over 1,200 royal 8vo. pages. Cloth, $5.00; library, $6.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th do Castro Streets, 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW Yost. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. I, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., - The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINE THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately oide hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. T. A. C. (It G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY.  - BATTLE CREEK, MICH. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories; letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions Of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- da. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; ft is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can he dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or fag; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business-forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 anti $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, 