Von,. 9, O. 8/. instead of the people. In this case that other thing was the combined churches of the country threatening political rilin and the boycott, if their will was not con-formed to in the doing of a confessedly unconstitutional thing. This, therefore, was only to recognize the principle that the caprice and arbitrary will of a clam-orous and threatening few shall be the guide in legislation and governmental affairs, intead of the deliberate judgment of the majority as expressed in the Con-stitution. Ł NOR is it in Congress alone that this principle has been recognized. It has been given a place in the judicial proce-dure of the United States courts. In 1891, the United States Circuit Court for the western district of Tennessee, in giving legal sanction to the practice of persecu- tion- to secure the recognition of Sunday, said :Š By a sort of factitious advantage,. the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and.  adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom and the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State. . . . And the efforts to extir-pate the advantage above-mentioned, by judicial deci-sion in favor of a civil right to disregard the change, seem to me quite useless. The court was composed of Circuit Judge Howell E. Jackson, now a member of the Supreme Court of the United States, and District Judge E. S. Hammond. The opinion was written by Judge Hammond, and was filed August 1, 1891. Then in the Memphis Appeal-Avalanche of August 30, there was published a four-column article by Judge Hammond, dated August 12, and entitled "The SundayHabit," which is little if anything else than a defense of the decision- that had been rendered on this subject August 1. In this article the Judge confesses that "the logic of this [his] position may lead to a union of Church and State undoubtedly; " but that the support of Sunday by the civil power, and by persecution, "is a necessity of statesmanship " upon " the policy of se-curing the public peace." The danger to the public peace, and the source of it, if Sunday laws were disregarded by those who have a " distaste for, or a disbelief in, the custom ; " or if they were attacked by a proposal to abolish them, is set forth as follows :Š We have lived so free of it in modern days that we forget the force of religious fanaticism, and he who supposes that its fury cannot be again aroused may be mistaken, . . . Christians would become alarmed, and they might substitute for the stars and other symbols of civil free-dom upon the banners of their armed hosts, the sym-bol of the cross of Christ, and fight for their religion at the expense of their civil government. They have done this in times that are passed, and they could do it again. And he is not a wise statesman who over-looks a possibility like this, and endangers the public peace. . . . The civilian, as contradistinguished from the church-man, though united in the same person, may find in the principle of preserving the public order a satisfactory warrant for yielding to religious prejudice and fanat-icism the support of those laws, when the demand for such a support may become a force that would disturb the public order. It may be a constantly diminishing force, but if it be yet strong enough to create dis-turbance, statesmanship takes account of it as a factor in the problem. This statement and those of representa-tives Reilly and Houk, are the deliberate opinions of representative men, and offi-cials in official place : men who were in position not only to know, but in which they were obliged to consider the question in all its bearings. And when, having so considered the question, they set forth this as their deliberate conclusion, then noth- ing more is needed to demonstrate that the church element, that is managing and supporting the Sunday cause in the United States, is one of the most dangerous ele-ments in the United States. THIS thought was so well presented before the House Committee on the Colum-bian Exposition, January 12, 1893, by Mrs. Marion Foster Washburne, of Chi-cago, that her earnest and weighty words are worthy to ring in the ears of all the people in the nation. In referring to the .speeches and the representations of the clergy before the same committee the day before, she said :Š Moreover, they threatenedŠand of all things, the boycott! The very tactics they preach against from their pulpits. And one man said that the " religious boycott was justified by the deep prejudices of the people." I have a profound respect and reverence, as all fair-minded people must have, for the man who believes in his religion and stands upon it against the world; but I have precious little respect for the clergyman, who, when he wants to win a worldly advantage, uses ,.a worldly argument, making the admission that the heavenly one is insufficient for practical purposes. The man who claims to have faith in prayer, and yet descends to the boycott! . . . I know that we cannot possibly make as good a showing as some church societies, and the reason is that we are not organized as they are. The great mass of liberal and thoughtful people all over the country are not so organized that they can act as one, before such a committee, but their numbers may beŠnay areŠeven greater than those contained in the societies here represented. They are simply quiet and tolerant private citizens, who, for the most part, are rather amused that any one should be intolerant. But while this organization of the evangelical churches gives them an advantage in being able to present peti-tions and speakers, it is, gentlemen, a danger! Our forefathers foresaw the danger of an organized minor-ity coercing an unorganized majority, and forbade this country a standing army; there is as much dan-ger, or, as the history of religious persecution shows, more danger, in the interference of an organized body of churches in the affairs of the State, than in a stand-ing army. Yet in the face of the indubitable evi-dence that the element that manages the Sunday cause is of such dangerous pro-clivities that the Government of the United States must be surrendered to it in order " to preserve the public peace," these same ones take great pride in adver-tising and exalting themselves as " the best people of the land," and the " law-abiding people of the country "! THE truth is, however, that this claim, like the claim of their Sunday-Sabbath, is absolutely fraudulent. The undeniable fact is that these very ones are of the least law-abiding people in the United St ates. They have demonstrated that they have no respect for any law but such as their own arbitrary will approves.: For with-out the slightest hesitation, yea, rather with open persistence, they have know-ingly disregarded and overridden the supreme lawŠthe ConstitutionŠof the United States. They have set the exam-ple, and established the principle, of abso-lute lawlessness. THESE facts demonstrate that, instead of their being truly the law-abiding portion of the people, these men are among the chiefest law breakers in the landŠthe most lawless of all the nation. Nor is this at all to be wondered at. For, in order to accomplish this their bad purpose, they "gladly joined hands" and hearts with the papacyŠthat power which the Lord designates as the " lawless one " and as the very "mystery of lawlessness " itself. 2 Thess. 2 : 3, 7 (R. V.). Ł IN view of such an example as this,  should it be thought surprising that law-lessness should be manifested by others throughout the whole country as never before, and that violence should cover the land from ocean to ocean ? In view of such an example as this set by " the best people " of the land, should it be thought strange that the example should be followed by the " Industrials," " Commonwealers," " Coxeyites," the " Debsites," or the " worst " people of the land ? If it is proper for the preachers and churches of the country to threaten Con-gress till their confessedly unconstitutional demands are complied with, why is it not equally proper for the "Commonwealers," Debs and his followers, and everybody else, also to threaten Congress or anybody else, till their demands are complied with ? If Congress can guarantee to the people religion, even on Sunday, why shall it not also guarantee to the people money, or work, or whatever else may be demanded, on every day of the week ? When the principle of petition by threat, and legislation by clamor, and the surren-der of governmental prerogative to pre-serve the public peace, has been once rec-ognized in favor of one class, then why shall not the principle be applied in behalf of any and every other class, on demand ? Why should Coxey, Browne, Kelly, Frye, and company, be denounced, prose-cuted, fined, and imprisoned, while simply following the example of Crafts, Cook, Shepard, George, and company, in which these latter were listened to, and honored by the preference of Congress and the United States Circuit Court ? IT was because of this evil example of "the best people of the land," this princi-ple of violence and lawlessness, forced upon the Government by the combined churches of the countryŠit was because of this that we have expected nothing else than that violence and lawlessness would spread through the land, and that we still expect it to become universal. This is not to say that the particular phases of law-lessness that have of late been manifested in so many parts of the country, have been carried on by the human actors therein in conscious and intentional pur-suance of the example of lawlessness set by the churches; but it is to say that there is a spirit of things that must ever be taken into account. There is the Spirit of order, and there is the spirit of disor-der. And when the Spirit of order has been so outraged, and the spirit of disor-der chosen and persistently followed in-stead, as it has been in this caseŠand that too by the very ones who profess to be the representatives of the Spirit of order in the earthŠthen things are given over to the spirit of disorder and lawlessness, and nothing remains but that this spirit shall prevail and increase until it becomes uni-versal. And we have no hesitation in saying that every man and woman who took part in this movement of the church-combine upon the Government is respon-sible for the consequences, violent and lawless as those consequences may be. No Longer Astonished. THE worst phase of the present situation. is that nothing surprises any one. Sena-tors are examined as the pupils in a school when a pocket-book is stolen, every one called up and searched! All departments are being investigated and evidences of 