.76 AMCIRIELICA.N Vol,. 10, No. 10.- greater tyranny than the one which the con-qUeror conquered. Americans and laymen, beware of the church militant in the sphere of politics, and yet more of the church triumphant in the sphere of government. Its powerful organization and influence make conquest comparatively easy; the same weapons make victory mightily oppressive. Add to the present numerical strength of the church yet the power of polit-ical victory, and how long before we shall have a reenactment of the tyrannies and out-rages and cruelties of the dominating church of former times! How long before it will set its foot upon the neck of the crouching State, as it, at one time, did at Canosa! How long before it will either seize the reigns of govern-ment into its own hands, or name the rulers and enact the laws for them to enforce! How long before the mighty citadel of our liberties, erected by the genius of Jefferson and his confreres, that has hitherto kept Church and State apart, will be stormed' and razed to the ground, and the old flag of religious liberty torn down, and a new one raised, inscribed with the words: " Our religion, the religion of all; our church, the church of all; our law, the law of all!" Has it not already, without that 'immensity of power which I fear, attacked the outposts and destroyed the breastworks of that citadel ? Does it not now, though not yet in the zenith of its power, trample upon constitutionally-granted rights of minorities.? . . . Has not the politician good grounds for say-ing to the preacher: " Physician, heal thy-self," preacher, go and cure the plague-spots and leprosies, the falsities and hypocrisies of the church, before you attempt to administer your nostrums to our politics ? To be sure, our politics are corrupt, but are not the men who corrupt them, for the most part, mem-bers of the church, and the voters who are led and corrupted, or who fail to discharge their duties as loyal citizens, are they not sheep of your flock ? Have you cured them ? Have you made your blind to see, and your crooked to walk straight, and your deaf to hear, and your ignorant to know ? To be sure many of our politicians are stricken with a moral blindness that unfits them for a proper regard for the eighth commandment, but does not that disease rage as violently in your pews as in our offices ? Do you not count among your deacons, stock-gamblers, or other gamblers, whose rich contributions stand for so much ruin of once happy homes ? Do you not count among your front pew-owners cut-throat landlords who, for miserable accommodations, extort usurious rentals from the starvation wages of their tenants ? Do you not count among your most prominent members the creators and supporters of the sweatshops, the modern taskmasters, who drive and work their laboring men as if they were so' many beasts of burden ? Do you not make your deepest bow, and smile your sweet-, est smile to the men who live in palatial man-sions, and drive dashing teams, who regale themselves in $5 or $10 opera seats, and in-dulge their appetites with the costliest viands the market affords, and quench their thirsts with the most expensive beverages the vineries produce, who deck their precious persons with the choicest silks and satins, furs and woolens, and say their prayers from golden-clasped and velvet-bound prayer books, while those who have helped to provide these luxuries and fineries at the cost of their hearts' blood, starve and waste away in the miserable hovels of the filthy slums ? Does it not happen that you deliver your most eloquent eulogies and most fulsome obituaries over those whose only vir-tue' was wealth and a liberal bestowal of it to the church or to charity, and whose crimes  ought, to your knowledge; to have landed them in some penitentiary, and but for their hypocritical piety and showy liberality, might have done so ? And you, with so much pick-ness of your own to cure, now come to us to be our physician. Verily we say to you in the words of the Israelites of old: "Physician, heal thyself;" and in the words of the Nazarene Rabbi : " Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned." " Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch? . . . Why beholdest thou the 'mote that is in thy brother's eye, but perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye? " . . . It is the church that is sick. It is the church that needs healing first. 'To it, brother preacher, devote all your skill and all your zeal. It will take all the time you have, and will leave you none to spare for the cure of political corruption. Attend faithfully to your own patients and you will find that by the time you have them restored to vigorous health the other patients will also have been restored without any attendance on your part. It is the sickness of the pew-I-4older that cre-ates' the disease of the office-holder. It is the hypocrisy in the church that infects the poli-tics of our land. The Chinese have a prov-erb, saying: " Let every man sweep the snow from before his own doors, and not busy him-self about the frost on his neighbor's tiles," which, for better remembrance, I shall para-phrase into : Before your own door sweep, and, as far as corrupt politics are concerned, your tongues you'll keep.ŠRabbi Joseph Xrauskoff, in the Jewish Criterion, Feb. 8. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN NORTH CAROLINA. IN Vol. 2 of the code of North Carolina, p. 679, Declaration of Rights, Sec. 1, we find it declared,Šand this declares the truth,=that " All men are created equal " and " are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalien-able rights; " including " the enjoyments of the fruits of their own labors." Sec. 26, p. 685, declares that " All men have a natural and unalienable right to 'worship God accord-ing to the dictates of their own consciences, and no human authority should, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience." This, then, leaves to each person the right to follow his own conscience in his relation to his Creator, and allows the civil government the right to rdgulate only man's relation to his fellow-men. It is not toleration merely, but asserting as unalienable the rights of men's consciences, not only to worship, but also at the same time their right to enjoy the fruits of their labor,Šnot of five-sixths only, but of all their own labor. In other words, it declares that all men have an unalienable right to work all of the time their own con-sciences permit them. Now there are in North Carolina, as well as in most other States, evangelical Christians, as well as Jews, whose consciences lead them to keep as holy the seventh day of the week, Saturday, and hence to work the other six, including Sunday, the first day. In harmony with the said Declaration of Rights of North Carolina, and in harmony with the Scriptures, no human authority has any right to interfere. But Sec. 3782 of the code (Vol. 2, p. 573) does interfere and forbid every man exercising that right under a penalty of one dollar for each offense. Thus conscientious, law-abiding citizens are left the choice of losing one-sixth of the fruits of their labor, or be considered criminals in the eyes of this law. Are men enjoying the " enjoyments " of the Constitu-tion while being branded as criminals by the statutes of the State ? Now the sentiment among the best people in North Carolina is strong in favor of "equal rights to all men, and special favors to none;" yet there stands this law forbidding equal rights to all and granting special favors to some. There it has stood since 1641, an un-repealed part of the. Church and State system of colonial days, and can be used to bring un-just pressure to bear against one class of citi-zens, to force them to conform to the con-sciences of another class. It can be used as a tool for religious persecution, as similar laws have been used before, and are now being used in Tennessee, Maryland, Massachusetts; and other of the States of this country and in other countries. How long shall it stand thus a menace to liberty ? Let the good people of North Carolina answer. Ł BOLL A. ALVARO. CHURCH AND STATE IN ENGLAND. ONE of the measures the liberal govern-ment proposes passing in the coming session is a bill to disestablish the church in Wales, and this is naturally exciting a good deal of discussion in political and religious circles; but it is to be 'deplored that so few of those who are calling for disestablishment are doing so from right principles. It is not because it is impossible for the church to be united to a worldly power and still be the Church of Christ; not because it is subverting the teach-ing of Him who said: " Ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world; " but because that under the existing establishment my church is not having an equal share of State help. It would do some of those pious people good who are longing for State aid, if they would consider a few statements made by Lord Rosebery, the Prime Minister, in a recent speech. He said: " If a State is in reality Christian, it certainly does not need the outward symbol of an establish-ment to prove it; and if a State is not Chris-tian, an establishment is merely a hypocrisy and a sham." And after referring to the Irish Church being more vigorous and pros-perous now than when established, he con-tinued: " But, gentlemen, to my mind to contend that these material supplies, or the privilege of seats in the House of Lords are necessary to the life and vigor of a church, is to make a fatal confusion between the essence and incident of a church. The essence of a church is spiritual; the inspiration, the tra-dition, the gracious message, the divine mis-sion, the faith that guides us through the mystery of life to the mystery of death,Šall were produced in poverty, in the cot of the carpenter. They flourished under persecu-tion. Nothing can be so remote from their essence or spirit, as wealth or dignity in this world." It seems strange that a man who has been condemned by the religious teachers for his horse-racing propensities, should know more about the principles of Christianity than the so-called doctor of divinity. In the January number of the Contempo-rary Review, there is a long article in de-fense of the establishment, by Canon Knox Little, one of the leading lights of the church party. He has a great deal to say about the past history of the church, "from the earliest dawn of history." He says: " The Church of England established the State of England, and not the State the church. . . . The church converted, civilized and helped to or-ganize the nation." This is the old claim of the papacy echoing from one of her daugh-ters, that the State owes its existence and prosperity to the Church, and consequently, should be her servant. The following, from the same article, shows 