%ROI{ it, 1804. .AntIAIOA_N Łart4W  that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. . . . Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' s;ke. Governments being of God, and their authority being ordained of God, Christians in respecting God will necessarily respect in its place, the exercise of the authority ordained by him; but this authority, according to the words of Christ, is to be exercised only in those things which are Ccesar's and not in things which pertain to God. Accord-ingly, the letter to the Romans proceeds, " For this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers, attending con-tinually upon this very thing." This con-nects Paul's argument directly with that of Christ above referred to, and shows that this is but a comment on that state-ment, and an extension of the argument therein contained. The scripture proceeds : " Render there-fore to all their dues : tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom /ear ; honor to whom honor. Owe no man anything, but to love one another; for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Let it be borne in mind that the apostle is here writing to Christians concerning the respect and duty which they are to render to the powers that be, that is, to the St ate in fact. He knew full well, and so did those to whom he wrote, that there are other commandments in the very law of which a part is here quoted. But he and they likewise knew that these other commandments do not in any way relate to any man's duty or respect to the powers that be. Those other commandments of the law which is here partly quoted, relate to God and to man's duty to him. One of them is, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me; " another, " Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image," etc. ; another, " Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain ' Ł " and another, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God," etc.: and these are briefly comprehended in that saying, namely, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength." According to the words of Christ, all these obligations, per-taining solely to God, are to be rendered to him only, and with man in this realm, Caesar can never of right have anything to do in any way whatever. As, therefore, the instruction in Romans 13:1-10 is given to Christians concerning their duty and respect to the powers that be; and as this instruction is confined ab-solutely to man's relationship to his fellow-men, it is evident that when Christians have paid their taxes, and have shown proper respect to their fellow-men, then their obligation, their duty, and their re-spect, to the powers that be, have been fully discharged, and those powers never can rightly have any further jurisdiction over their conduct. This is not to say that the State has jurisdiction of the last six commandments as such. It is only to say that the jurisdiction of the State is confined solely to man's conduct toward  man, and never can touch his relationship to God, even under the second table of the law. This doctrine asserts the right of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, as he pleases, and when he pleases. Just this, however, was the subject of the whole controversy be-tween Christianity and the Roman empire. There was never any honest charge made that the Christians did violence to any man, or refused to pay tribute. There-fore, as a matter of fact the whole contro-versy between Christianity and the Ro-man empire was upon the simple question of the rights of conscience,Šthe question whether it is the right of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, or whether it is his duty to worship according to the dictates of the State. Ł Ł No Practical Difference. Ł IN the account of the informal hearing on the so-called Christian amendment to the national Constitution, the Christian Reformer says :Š A free and easy and somewhat general conversation on certain aspects of the resolution occupied the time while waiting for one of the members of the commit-tee, and prepared the way for a more formal presenta-tion of the argument. The chief subject of this con-versation was the difference between the Roman Cath-olic idea of the ultimate standard of right and wrong for a nation, and the idea of Protestant denominations. It was brought out by different speakers that Roman-ism makes the pope the final authoritative interpreter of moral law for nations as well as for individuals. Nations must accept moral law as interpreted by the infallible pope as final. Protestants hold that the nation must interpret moral law in its own sphere of action for itself, taking help from advice and counsel from churches or other bodies or individuals that may address it by petitions or memorials or public meet-ings. None are so blind as those who will not see. This seems to be the case of Dr. McAllister. It ought not to require any great amount of discernment to see that Rome is just as likely to advise as that Dr. McAllister will do so; and as Rome has in this country a much larger follow-ing than has the doctor, or any other "Protestant," and as that following is in shape to be wielded politically much more effectively than is even the small sect represented by Dr. McAllister, Rome has all the advantage. And she will use it too. But as between the two is not the Ro-man Catholic idea the better one ? If the moral law must be interpreted for the nation, surely the Church must do it for God has never committed instruction in morals to any other organization on earth. The true Protestant idea is the right of private judgment. This the McAllister idea denies as surely as does the Roman Catholic idea. Moreover, the National Reform idea makes moral questions a foot-ball for contending parties. That which is moral to-day under a Democratic admin-istration might be immoral to-morrow under Republican rule, and vice versa. The fact is that governments as such have nothing to do with the divine law as such. Each individual not only in the govern-ment but in the nation is individually responsible to God and under the juris-diction of the divine law; and just in pro-portion as this responsibility is recognized and this obligation respected will men be honest and administer the affairs of gov-ernment honestly. But when the govern-ment as such interprets the divine law it interprets it not only for the individuals, who as the government make that inter-pretation, but for all others in the nation  as well, and the power of the government is exercised to force upon the people that interpretation, which at best is not divine law, but only that which some man or set of men think is in the divine law. An illustration of this is furnished by the Sunday laws of our States, The di-vine law says : " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Most of the States have interpreted this law to mean Sunday, and the prohibition against work they have interpreted to mean except works of necessity and charity, etc., in-cluding often the running of railroad trains, the operating of ferries, the selling of meat, etc. Would it not be much bet-ter to leave the whole matter of interpret-ing not only this divine law of the Sab-bath, but of every other divine law, to the individual ? and the government give its undivided attention to defining and protecting inherent natural rights ? In short would it not be better for govern-ment to confine itself to the sphere de-scribed in the Declaration of Independ-ence, namely : " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." The interpret-ing of moral law was not, in the opinion of the founders of our Government, any part of the duty of civil government; and in this opinion they were clearly right. The right of private judgment may be invaded by the National Reform regime, as it has been already, but that right be-ing God-given cannot cease to be, and some men will continue to exercise it even if it costs them life itself. " Nothing," says Dr. McAllister, "could so effectually guard against all uniting of Church and State and all dictatorial in-terference of ecclesiastical powers with the conduct of national life than this prin-ciple which it is proposed to acknowledge here. Let the nation itself recognize its own obligations in its propher sphere of law and rights, as distinct from that of the Church, to take the law of God as the rule of its conduct, and then let it interpret and apply that law for itself, and there will be embodied in our fundamental law the most effectual barrier possible against all intermingling and confounding of the relations and functions and duties of Church and State." That is to say, let the State voluntarily give its power into the hands of the Church, or of a combination of churches, and accept as its rule of action the moral law as interpreted by them, and there can be no possible conflict! Certainly not. There is never any conflict between the obedient slave and his master. The doctor proposes to prevent "all intermingling and confounding of the relations and functions and duties of Church and State," by mak-ing it perfectly clear that it is the function and duty of the State to be the obedient slave of the Church. A fine scheme truly ! C. P. B. AN Irish gentleman, by way of compli-menting the king, said that " The only difference he knew between the pope and his majesty was, that the first was infalli-ble and the second could do no wrong."ŠChristian at Work. 