  a IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ.   VOL. 13. No. 21. NEW YORK, MAY 26, 1898. Single copy 3 cents.       The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for It ( Entered at the New York Poet-office.) THE cross of Christ is sent to all countries, but against none. HE who is at peace with God will naturally be at peace with his fellowmen. -a. a4.  THE battle ground of Christian warfare is not Cuba or the Philippines, but the human heart. - 44_ THE greatness of a nation depends upon the number of its men who are great as individuals. BIGOTRY defines the unpardonable sin as being the expression of dissent from its opinions. POLITICS comes as near to being Christianity as fed-eration comes to being the "unity of the Spirit." ALL history shows that it is better that the state should dominate religion, than that religion shouldIdom-inate the state. IN the Christian warfare every soldier is sure to get killed; for be cannot be of any use as a soldier of Christ until he has been crucified with him. THE greatest victory that was ever gained since time began was announced in these words: "I have overcome the world:" And this victory is for every Christian. THE only thing for which God gives an individual superhuman power, is to resist temptation. 1 Ł 11. ŁIIŁ14  CHRISTIANITY says that Spaniards and Americans should stop fighting, and be brethren. "Patriotism" says that they should fight to the bitter end, because such is the call of country. .1 114 .N MANY people scoff at the idea of creating money by governmental fiat, who seem to think it quite proper that there should be laws to make people good. But it is just as easy to create money by law, as to create char-acter. TAKE four individualsŠWashington, Jefferson, Jack-son, and Lincoln; only these fourŠout of American his-tory, and the reputation of this nation would suffer an incalculable loss. Any one familiar with United States history must admit this. These four individuals were great men. But the na-tion did not make them great; they, on the contrary, added much to the greatness of the nation. They became great as individuals, and it was only the recognition of this greatness which gave them na-tional reputation. They were not great because they were put at the head of the nation; they were put at the head of the nation because they were great. Having the same opportunities and advantages which hundreds or thousands of others about them had, they rose to positions of pre-eminence by virtue of the inherent power that was in them,Šthe power of charac-ter. And by the same power they acquitted themselves well at the head of public affairs. A small manŠsmall as an individualŠwould look a good deal smaller at the head of a nation than he looks as a private character. These are truths, and plain truths; yet in spite of them the notion is getting to be prevalent that individ-ualism is a dead issue, and a doctrine of no value to 