Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE 12, 1889. NUMBER 20. .111-2e otinrricar2 PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, 3. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. America remarks that Elizabeth Stuart Phelps has contributed an able article to the Forum, entitled, "The Christianity of Christ," and adds: "This subject is little studied in the present generation, yet it is the only Christianity which should engage our thoughts or our devo-tion." America is evidently not well indoctrinated in the principles of National Reform, else it would understand that the Christianity of Christ is get-ting to be somewhat out of date, and is, according to that program, to be shortly superseded by Na-tional Christianity. Nevertheless, the words of America are true; the Christianity of Christ "is the only Christianity which should engage our thoughts or our devotion." Ł 1- THE Christian Union of May 9 notes the action of Vanderbilt iu reducing Sunday travel on his railroads, and says : The thanks of the re-ligious community are especially due to Mr. Corne-lius Vanderbilt, whose persistent urgency in this matter has at length borne fruit." Why the thanks of the religious community ? They tell us that this Sunday-rest movement is not a religious affair at all, but that it was started by the work-. ingmen, and is solely in the interest of the work-ingmen. Then why should religious people feel specially thankful, since, according to Mr. Crafts, they only reluctantly took part in the crusade at .the urgent request of the laboring classes ? It doesn't require very much discernment to tell why the religious community alone are mentioned as feeling thankful. The religious (not necessarily Christian) community alone are interested in it. The majority of the laboring men are indifferent or opposed. Ł  SOMEBODY has sent us a Chicago paper con-taining the following marked paragraph "The gentleman named Schweinfurth, who is pos- ing as the Beekrnanite Christ down about Rockford, is in a very pretty fix. The White Caps have served notice on him to leave that neck of woods. The fetching part of the ukase, however, lies in the alter-native which they present. If he doesn't decamp by a certain time the gentlemanly White Caps prom-ise to take Mr. Schweinfurth into the near-by woods, plaster the tar on him as long as it will stick, and then set him on fire. That's all. Only just that. And still Schweinfurth hesitates to skedaddle." We have read of this man before, but never thought him worthy of any mention, and do not now; certain it is that we have no sympathy with his blasphemous pretensions, but we wish to say, now that the matter is up, that we think that bad as he may be he is not half as dangerous to the community as are the lawless scamps that threaten dire vengeance against him ; neither are his doctrines likely to do a tithe of the harm that will surely rise from the idea that seems to be gaining ground quite rapidly, that the majority of a community have a right to dictate to a minor-ity in matters of religion. If the Illinois pre-tender has violated the civil or criminal law of the State, then let the State deal with him as with other offenders ; but if his only offense has been to teach erroneous doctrines, whereby he has drawn away disciples after him, he should be pro-tected from violence even if the Governor has to order out the militia to de it. This White Cap business should be promptly stamped out. A Misleading PetitionŠWhich One Is It? IN the February number of Our Day, the magazine edited by Joseph Cook, in an editorial notice of the presentation of the Sunday-law petition to Congress, we find the following :Š " The Seventh-day Adventists, whose chief aim in life seems to be to break down the American Sabbath, are circulating a misleading counter-petition, which gives the impression that it is the religious observance of the Sabbath which the great petition asks Congress to promote, whereas nothing is asked beyond pro-tection of Sunday rest and public worship in the do-main of the National Government, as has been afforded in nearly all the States from the beginning to citizens in the domain of State governments." About the same time Mr. Crafts published a circular letter in which he said :Š " Prompt action on the petition is the more im-portant from the fact that the enemies of the Sunday-Rest law, a curious combination of Saturdarians, saloonists, and a few papers, are becoming very active in the circulation of misrepresentations and mislead-ing counter-petitions, the latter so worded as to give the false impression that we are asking for a law to promote the religious observance of the Sabbath, whereas our petition seeks only protection for Sunday rest and worship." Since so much is said about this counter-petition, it may be well to publish it, that all the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL may know what it does ask for. The petition reads as fol-lows:Š " To the Honorable, the Senate of the United StatesŠ " We, the undersigned, adult residents of the United States, 21 years of age or more, hereby respectfully, but earnestly, petition your Honorable Body not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, or any other religious or ecclesiastical institution or rite ; nor to favor in any way the adop-tion of any resolution for the amendment of the Na- tional Constitution that would in any way tend, either directly or indirectly, to give preference to the prin-ciples of any religion or of any religious body above another, or that will in any way sanction legislation upon the subject of religion; but that the total sep-aration between religion and State, assured by the National Constitution as it now is, may forever remain as our fathers established it." Now we can compare the statements with the petition. Mr. Cook and Mr. Crafts say that this counter-petition is misleading, in that it gives the false impression that the Sunday-law people are asking for the promotion or protection of the re-ligious observance of Sunday. But the most careful reader of the counter-petition will fail to find in it any reference whatever to the Ameri-can Sunday Union, or to a petition for a Sunday law, or to the Blair bill, or to anything whatever that has been done. It simply asks that Congress shall not pass a bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath, or in regard to any other relig-ious institution ; nor to favor any amendment that would tend to give preference to any relig-ion, or to any religious body, above another, but to keep Church and State entirely separate, as they were designed to be by the fathers of our country. In short, the sum of the petition is that Congress will not interfere in religious con-troversies, and in matters purely religious. Our Sunday-law friends claim that this is just what they want ; they claim that they do not want re-ligious legislation ; they claim that they want Church and State kept entirely separate. Now if they are sincere in their protestations, why do they object so strongly to this counter-petition? Indeed, if they mean what they say when they deny the charge that they are laboring for a un-ion of Church and State, and are so bitterly op-posed to civil interference in matters purely re-ligious, they ought to sign the petition. Indeed, they should be intensely anxious to sign it. If their protestations are of any value, then this so-called counter-petition is not a counter-petition at all, but is exactly in harmony with their peti-tion and their line of work, and they ought to adopt it. But they do not indorse it; they most bitterly denounce it. Then what shall we con-clude ? We can form no other conclusion than that they are not sincere when they say that they do not desire a union of Church and State; when they say that what their petition calls for is not religious legislation. It is the wounded bird that flutters. The hatred which they manifest to this petition, and their evident chagrin at the large number of signatures of the best people that have been secured for it, show that the petition strikes directly against their work. They show that the counter-petition asks Congress not to do'the very thing that their petition desires it to do. And what is that? It asks them not to legislate upon the subject of religion, and not to do anything that tends to Church and State union. By op- 