10 C.A_N  -VOL. 10, No. 2. with truth. Truth has ever caused an outcry." ROME dreads true Protestants, however few in number. She could not endure the Waldenses, though few and hidden by the rugged Alps. They were a Mordecai in the gate, and refusing to bow to papal dogma tkey were tortured and burned. ROME sees in Seventh-day Adventists a Mordecai in the gate. Consistent Protes-tants are dreaded by the papacy as much now as of old; hence " Father ' Elliott, whom the papacy has sent out to gather up the fragments of collapsed Protestant-ism, has come in contact with this people whom the Catholic Mirror terms the only consistent Protestants, and in writing of his experience with them in Michigan in the August number of the Catholic World, says : " The sect is the most venom-ous enemy of Catholicity in these parts." " Seventh-day Adventists . . . are making a propaganda of much energyŠand not without results." Again he terms them " the narrowest of sects, shown by their literature to be the most bitterly anti-Catholic," and concludes by saying, "I thank God that ' consistent Protestantism,' is narrowing down into this concentrated essence of bigotry." Again, writing from Ohio, in the December number of the Catholic World, he says " These new sectarians are making converts in many places full of deadly hatred of the Catholic Church." " In the question box our only abundant matter was furnished by the Seventh-day Adventists." " I dread their fanaticism.' THANK God that there is a remnant of consistent Protestantism which the papacy dreads. But what a responsibility rests upon this remnant before God and the world ! Rome Attempts to "Corner" Secret Societies. IT is the policy of Rome to destroy what she cannot control. Especially is this true of any factor which effects the control of the masses. When the secret labor or-ganizations came into being it was a ques-tion with her whether she should attempt to kill or control them. She decided to control. And in persuance of this plan the Catholic priest, Dr. Buntsell, has been commissioned by the pope to promulgate papal princi-ples within labor organizations, gather statistics and report to headquarters. Other secret organizations have fared differently. The society of Odd Fellows, Knights of Pythias, and Sons of Temper-ance have been condemned, as the follow-ing letters from Rome and Washington indicate :Š Most Reverend and Illustrious Sir: Your excellency cannot fail to know that the archbishops set over the various ecclesiastical provinces of the Republic of the United States of America have, in more than one of their assemblies, taken counsel with respect to three societies which have grown up in the aforesaid Repub-lic ; namely, the Odd Fellows, the Sons of Temperance and the Knights of Pythias. And you must be also aware that the foresaid archbishops unanimously de-cided that the whole question as to these societies should be submitted to the judgment of the Apostolic See. His holiness therefore committed this question to eminent and most reverend cardinals of the Holy Roman Church and to the inquisitors generally. These, then, in general congregation, had on Wednesday, June 20, 1894, confirming a decision previously made as to the aforementioned societies, decreed that all the ordinaries throughout the United States must in every  way strive to keep the faithful from becoming mem-bers of any of the said societies and must not fail to admonish their people to that effect, and that any thus' admonished must be debarred from the sacraments should they fail to abandon or keep aloof from the-same societies. This decree his holiness fully confirmed and gave it complete effect. It is therefore communicated to your Excellency that through you it may be transmitted to all the archbishops, bishops and other ordinaries of the United States, and for the due custody of the souls of the faithful may be by these ordinaries carried into effect. In the meantime I beseech Almighty God to be-stow upon you all benefits and blessings. R. CARDINAL MONACO. Rome, Aug 20, 1894, To the Illustrious and Most Rev. Francis Satolli, Delegate Apostolic. Washington, D. C., Dec. 4, 1894. Your Eminence Illustrious and Most Reverend : By letter transmitted to me on the 20th of Novem-ber last, through Cardinal Rampolla, his holiness urges that the decree of the holy office, sent to me by Cardinal Monaco, and herewith delivered to you, shall be made public. The sovereign pontiff, therefore, wills that the decree in question shall be communicated by the archbishops to the respective suffragans and by them it may be promulgated. With all reverence and affection, I remain, Your Eminence Illustrious and Most Reverend, your faithŁ ful servant in Christ, FRANCIS (Archbishop) SATOLLI, Delegate Apostolic, To His Eminence, Illustrious and Most Reverend James Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop of Baltimore. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is not the champion of secret societies, but points to this condemnation as one of the signs of the times. The church of Rome condemns secret societies, while at the same time it is itself the most secret of all secret societies. The very same day that the press pub-lished the condemnation of those secret societies, it published an official announce-ment of a Roman Catholic synod for the diocese of Brooklyn, which contained this paragraph :Š The proceedings will open with a pontifical high mass, which will be celebrated by the bishop, and immediately afterward the synod will go into session. Members of the laity may attend the mass, but the proceedings of the synod will be secret. This is a part of the grand policy of the church to control the masses. She pro-poses to get a " corner " on the whole secret society business and control it to accom-plish her grand scheme for the supremacy of the world. On Their Knees to the Pope. ONE of the significant signs of the times is the way non-Catholic American citizens tumble over each other in their efforts to get on their knees to the pope. The offi-cers of the United States cruiser Detroit, which returned the Vatican relics exhibited at the World's Fair, requested all audience with the pope which was granted Dec. 26. The spokesman imformed the pope that no American citizen considered a visit to Rome complete without an audience with his holiness. The cabled report of the audience which appeared in the World of Dec. 27, quotes the following from the address of the pope:Š I feel a lively satisfaction to see the progress Amer-ica makes steadily among civilized nations, which it outstrips, although younger. While I am happy to see your nation advance in numerous branches of civiliza-tion, I am particularly pleased to observe her religious progress. The Catholic Church flourishes there and I desire to see it still more flourishing. Though I express a special, paternal solicitude for American Catholics, I receive you with peculiar plead-lire because you are Americans.  I hope to publish in a few weeks an encyclical to the episcopacy of the United States and Montreal, conveying the sentiments of my special affection for your country Meantime I bless you all, and' when  you return to your Fatherland tell your families that ,the pope blesses them with the paternal affection whielv4411 accompany you in the midst of the fatigues of the long voyage you are about to undertake. The itepprt adds,:Š AlthonWthere was only one Catholic among them all the cruiser's officers received the papal benediction kneeling. Shame on such truckling to the repre-sentative or that system that has murdered millions of men and women because they wereloyal to an enlightened conscience. At one time this act of non-Catholics kneeling before Pope Leo XIII. would have mis-represented America, but not so now. They have fairly represented the fawning and truckling of American Protestantism and statesmanship to the arch-enemy of Protestantism and liberty..  The National Reform Association and the Pennsylvania Sunday Law. ACCORDING to Dr. H. H. George, the one " really practical " theme discussed at the recent National Reform Convention in New Castle, Pa., was " The Present Crisis of the Pennsylvania Sabbath Law." This discussion was opened by Mr. J. W. Houston, of Pittsburg, a gentleman who has been very prominent in enforcing the Sunday law in Pittsburg and Alle-gheny. Mr. Houston explained the nature of the present Sunday law of the State and the manner of its enforcement, its penalty, etc. The law was passed in 1794, and provides a penalty of four dollars (one-half to go to the informer), to be recov-ered before any justice of the peace or other magistrate having concurrent juris-diction with a justice of the peace, such as police justices, mayors, etc. Some years ago the penalty was, by a special act, increased to twenty-five dollars in Allegheny County. At the laSt session of the Pennsylvania legislature an effort was made to so modify the law as to permit the publication and sale of Sunday paperTs and the sale of cigars, soda water, etc. The bill also pro-vided for a uniform fine of four dollars throughout the State, repealing the special act making the fine twenty-five dollars in Allegheny County. This bill passed both houses of the legislature, but was vetoed by Governor Pattison, who has shown himself the pliant tool of the. National Reform forces. At the recent election a new governor was elected, and the manŠMr. Walter LyonŠwho, above all others, was instru-mental in securing the passage of the amendment which the Governor vetoed, was elected Lieutenant-Governor. Mr. Lyon was pledged to use his influence to secure certain modifications of the act of 1794, and for this cause the Sunday forces opposed his election. His ticket was how-ever successful] by an overwhelming ma-jority, but owing to the religious boycott declared against him, Mr. Lyon ran be-hind his ticket about ten thousand votes. This would represent ten thousand voters in Pennsylvania who cared more for the maintenance of the Sunday law of 1794 than for the success of their party. These ten thousand voters are now styling themselves the " best people of the State,"  the "law-abiding people of the common-wealth," etc., and are demanding that instead' of being modified in any degree the law of 1794 shall be 'so amended as to increase the penalty to twenty-five dollars throughout the State. To this end peti- 