560 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899. A RELIGIOUS government must be a government in which one person is religious for anotherŠthe major-ity for the minority. And as Chris-tianity demands that each person be religious for himself, and denies that one person can represent an-other in religion, it follows that a religious government cannot possi-bly be a Christian government. READ what is said on another page about the work being done in South Carolina to develop public sentiment favorable to the enforcement of Sun-day. This is a part of the campaign of education that is being conducted all over the land by the advocates of Sunday laws, and which is fast molding public sentiment into har-mony with their ideas. Never before was such a campaign in progress in this land. Never before, therefore, did religious despotism in this form menace the country as it does to-day. But what is being done to educate the people on the "other side" of this questionŠthe side of truth and justice? What are you doing to this end?ŠAnything? THE liberty to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of conscience, without molestation, is a part of the civil liberty which is every individ-ual's right by creation. And when civil liberty is denied an individual, religious liberty, in this sense, is de-nied with it. To deny the principle of government by consent of the governed, is to deny religious liberty, in the sense in which the SENTINEL has considered it. Religious liberty in its truer sense, as meaning liberty in Christ, cannot be taken away from any person without his con-sent; it is enjoyed inside the prison cell as well as in the house of wor- ship. But freedom from state inter-ference in religious belief and prac-tise, is a freedom which rests directly on the principle that just govern-ment is by the consent of the gov-erned. Deny that principle, take away from an individual the liberty of self-government, and you take Ł away that person's religious free-dom. He cannot possibly be free to act as he sees fit in matters pertain-ing to religion, and at the same time not be free to so act in the sec-ular concerns of life. There was never in all history an instance where one person was governed by another in civil affairs, where he was not also governed in religion by that other Łperson, or at least the right to govern him in religion was assumed by the governing individ-ual. In all governments which have not been by the consent of the gov-erned, church and state have been united, laws for governing the people in religion have been in force, and people who asserted their religious freedom have had to do so in defi-ance of the government, and at the cost of the penalty which the state saw fit to inflict. Now, the Government of the United States is denying the principle of government by consent of the gov-erned in the case of the Filipinos. In doing this it is denying to that people the right of religious freedom. And as religious freedom is the right of every person, black as well as white, savage as well as civilized, and as the SENTINEL stands for this principle, and:has stood for it from the first, it cannot but declare itself against the governmental policy of imperialism; and in so doing it is not departing from the stand it has always taken, and is not going into politics. THE mere presence of the American flag floating over a body of armed men, does not consecrate the cause in which those men may be enlisted. If the sultan of Turkey should come with a band of assassins under that flag, resistance to him would not be treason to the American Govern- ment. If a band of robbers in this country should come flying the American flag and attack the citi-zens of a town, no principle of Joy-alty to the United States would oblige those citizens to submit. The question of treason cannot be settled by the mere fact of resistance to a party bearing the flag, or to a policy that party may be carrying out. For as the poet says,Š "Knaves have stolen thee, Old Glory, For their Babylonian bowers." Adherence to the Declaration of Independence can never be treason to the United States Government while that Government remains true to its mission among mankind. THE fact that a revolution is in progress in San Domingo, recalls the comment oft made in this country upon Latin-American republics, that revolution is their normal state. This is naturally taken as reflecting unfavorably upon the republic n form of government. But it should be remembered that in those re-publics two opposing forces are continually at work, which would produce unrest and revolution under any form of government. Those countries have long been strong-holds of the papacy. The desire for freedom, on the one hand, moves the people to throw off the shackles of Rome from the government; and on the other hand, the papal party never rests satisfied with any gov-ernment which cannot be dominated by the church; and against such governments they are continually plotting revolution. Take away the influence of Rome, and revolution would largely cease. THE charge that American soldiers in Luzon were committing acts of a nature contrary to "civilized war-fare," has been vigorously denied by apologists for the war; but it is ad-mitted that at one place five hun-dred Filipino prisoneis were put on a diet of "embalmed beef," as a re-sult of which about half of them died of "beH beri" in a short time. 