Equal and exact justice to all men, of wIlatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 31, 1889. NUMBER 27. Ti2_e An2eFiear2 BerMel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, By THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TII & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. "ALL religious despotism commences by com-bination and influence, and when 'that influence begins to operate on the political institutions of a country the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence."Š U. S. Sen-ate Report, 1829. IT is ridiculous for any one to say that the fathers of the Constitution had any idea of estab-lishing an atheistic nation. Almost all of them were professing Christians, but they felt that their business was to construct a civil governmentŠa republic, not a theocracy. To have introduced the name of God into the Constitution as the head of the Nation, and then to have left his rela-tions and his honors undefined, nor provisions made for his worship and his support on the part of the Nation, would have introduced a subject of perpetual contention in the body politic, be-cause it would have stood as an anomaly in the great instrument. The logical sequence must have been the establishment of a State religion of some sort as a legacy of perpetual strife.ŠRev. Dr. Armitage, Pastor of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church, New York. Ł Ł  4. IN a recent article in the Union Signal, Mrs. J. C. Bateham says of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill: "All our arguments for the bill are based upon the civil Sabbath, not because we do not appreci-ate the religious aspect of the case, but because we think that it has nothing to do with a bill be-fore Congress which must be sustained by other than religious considerations." Commenting on this the Christian Statesman severely asks :Š " Does the writer mean to say that the obligation of the fourth commandment is not binding on nations and governments as well as individuals? . . . In other words, have nations nothing to do with the Christ who is Lord of the Sabbath? One chief pur-pose of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill is to set the Gov-ernment itself, in its Post-office Department and at other points, in a right attitude toward the Sabbath. Are there no religious considerations which bear on the question of the adoption or rejection of that meas--Te ? " We are surprised at the native simplicity of the Statesman. Of course all the arguments for the bill are fi om a civil standpoint simply and only because its friends know full well that the Amer-ican people are afraid of religious legislation. But this policy, makes it none the less true that the underlying motive is the exaltation of Sunday as a religious institution. The work of the Amer-ican Sabbath 'Union and its various auxiliaries is identical with that of the National Reform Asso-ciation, namely, as stated without challenge by Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Missouri Sab-balh Association, to change that feature of our fundamental law which accords with the Declara-tion of Independence when it declares that " Gov-ernments derive their just powers from the consent - of the governed." To state the matter in the fewest possible words, Mr. Gray might have said : " The object of this movement is to destroy relig-ious liberty in the United States." ., . Is To Crush The Liquor Traffic? ON Sunday evening, June 30, the Pennsyl-vania Sabbath Association held a meeting in the Salem M. E. Church, Philadelphia, at which sev-eral active workers for a Sunday law were pres-ent. One of the principal speakers was Lewis D. Vail, the attorney for the Law and Order So-ciety. After speaking of the continental Sunday, and arguing that the working men would be great sufferers, by its introduction into this country, Mr. Vail spent the greater portion of his time talking about saloons and licenses. Speaking of a recent Supreme Court decision, he said :Š " The Supreme Court says that their location is not a matter of public convenience, and they can all be located in a solid block, if they so elect. These so-called wholesalers can sell at any time on a week day, and eventually they will sell on Sunday. They will send their own men to the Legislature, and will work to control every branch of the Government. What you and I have to do is to fight for this control of the Government, and vote only for men who are pledged to work for good laws and for a better observance of the Sabbath. You may rest assured that God will look out for his Sunday, but we must do our work. God will grind this glorious country into powder if we dis-obey his laws. If a so-called Christian man votes for a man opposed to God's law, even if he belongs to a dozen churches, the devil will get him at last." One need not take long to determine from the above what the Law and Order Society regards as the greater evil, the liquor traffic or Sunday work. Mr. Vail seems to feel very bad to think that the liquor-sellers are in danger of controlling every branch of the Government, and that they will locate their saloons anywhere they please. But the only remedy he and his Law and Order So-ciety have in mind is, to fight for the control of the Government, and when they get this control toŠdo what ? To crush out the liquor traffic ? Oh no ; to stop the sale of liquor on- Sunday. The Law and Order Society has not yet got educated to the idea that selling liquor on any other day of the week than Sunday is disorderly. If Mr. Vail really thinks that Sunday belongs to the Lord, he would do well to leave it with him and trust him to take care of it'; but we can-not avoid the suspicion that the reason why he and the other leaders in the Sunday-law move are working so zealously for Sunday laws is, that they do not believe that God has any regard for Sun-day any more than for any other day ; and they are afraid that if they leave it with him the law will not be enforced, and they are determined to make people keep Sunday whether or no. Rev. Mr. Redner, speaking of the prevailing disregard for Sunday, said the trouble was not so much with the chief justice and the other jus-tices as with Christians, and professed Christians. That is exactly the point. Sunday is. a church day; it is one of the days which "the church," according to the catechism, commands to be kept holy along with Christmas, New Years, Easter, St. Patrick's day, etc. But a large majority of professed Christians do not carry out the com-mands of the church. They disregard the obliga-tions which they took upon themselves when they joined the church; and because of this disregard of church law, by those who belong to the church, the Sunday is not kept as a holy day. And now certain leaders in the church are knocking at the door of Congress with all their might to induce that body to pass a law to enforce the observance of Sunday. In other words, they are asking Congress to come to the help of the churches, and compel church members to obey its laws. This is the sole object of Sunday legislation, and stamps the movement for Sunday laws to be purely a step toward the securing of Church and State. E. J. W.,  `Religion and the State. [WE take this article from the Journal and Messen-ger of May 23, a Baptist paper published in Cincin-nati, Ohio. Our readers will understand that it is an editorial review of a contributed article written in ad-vocacy of National Reform. The arguments pre-sented by the Messenger will not be, lost upon candid, thinking men.] On our second page will be found an article entitled National Reform, written by the Rev. J. M. Foster, secretary of the National Reform Association. It is an effort to justify the purpose of some of our fellow-citizens to bring about such a union between the Church and the State that the latter may become the executive of the for-mer. It is the result of adherence to the old idea of the theocracy as it existed in Israel and per-tained to the Hebrews, previous to the appoint-ment of their king, and even subsequently. It is the result of a failure to distinguish between the nation Israel and the true spiritual Israel, between the "seed" and the " children " of Abraham. It is an effort to apply the principles governing the 