316 VoL. 9, No. 39. priations for only a few parochial schools that appear upon the surface, beginning on page 51 with St. Boniface's School, in California, and the Holy Family School, in Montana, et al; but the " milk of the cocoanut" is found in the statement with which I have been furnished from the office of Indian Affairs, and I wish to say right here in this connection, that when I first asked for this information relative to denominational schools, my clerk was in-formed by the assistant commissioner, who I am told is a zealous member of the church which has its headquarters upon the Tiber, that it could not be supplied. I of course was astonished to receive this message indicating that the bureau was in ignorance of the facts, or that the request of a member of Congress for in-formation had been refused by a depart-ment, but upon sending a second time for a reply in writing to my letter, I received the following remarkable statement that I wish read and printed as abbreviated in the Record as a portion of my remarks, showing the number and' class of schools under the office of Indian Affairs, and to which the people of this country have been contributing millions of dollars. Now, that a large majority of ecclesias-tical bodies, realizing the wrong, have severed the bond of Church and State, we should take action here to-day that will prevent subsidizing the schools of Mother DeChantal, Gerhard Terhorst, Pius Boehm, Balthasar Feusi, S. J. Sister Kunigunda, Rev. Aloysius M. Folchi, and others whose euphonious names have not been hereto-fore called to the attention of American people. I ask the clerk to read this state-ment. The clerk read as follows :- Contract schools, giving the total amounts required for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1894. School, location, and contractor.-Catholic. Avoca Boarding, Minnesota, Mother de Chantal $ 3,780 Baraga Boarding, Michigan, Gerhard Terhorst  5,400 Bayfield Boarding, Wisconsin, Casimir Vogt  3,750 Bayfield Day, Wisconsin, Casimir Vogt 90J Bernalillo Boarding, New Mexico, Sister Margaret Mary  7,500 Colville Agency, Washington: Colville Boarding, Joseph M. Carauna  7,020 .Ł Coeur D'Alene Boarding, Charles Mackin  7,560 Crow Creek Reservation Boarding, Pius Boehm  10,260 St. Xavier Boarding, Crow Reservation, Montana, Leo- pold Van Corp  11,340 St. Mary's Boarding, Devils Lake Reservation, Sister Genevieve  14,040 St. Paul's Boarding. Fort Belknap Reservation, Montana, Balthasar Feusi, S. J  16,200 Graceville Boarding, Minnesota, Mother Cecelia  5,400 Harbor Springs Boarding, Michigan, Norbert Wilhelm  10,260 St. Joseph's Boarding, Green Bay Agency, Wisconsin  Odoric Derenthal  14,040 La Pointe Agency, Wisconsin: Red Cliff Day, Cassindr Vogt 900 Bad River Day, Sister Kunigunda 600 Lac Court d'Oreilles Day, Sister M. Tabiola Oswald  1,200 St. Mary's Boarding, Sister Kunigunda  5,400 Morris Boarding, Minnesota, Mother Mary Joseph Lynch 9,720 North Yakima Boarding, Washington, Aloysius M  Folchi  5,400 Osage Agency, Oklahoma (paid from Osage money); St. Louis Boarding, Sister M. Acquinata  6,250 St. John's Boarding, Sisters Mary Paul  6,000 Holy R 'nary Boarding, Pine Ridge Agency South Da- kota, P. Florentin Digmann  18,900 Pueblo Agency, New Mexico: A.coma. Day, Placidas Louis Chapelle 750 Isleta Day, Placidas Louis Chapelle 900 Laguna Day, Placidas Louis Chapelle  750 Jamez Day, Placidas Louis Chapelle  750 San Juan Day, Placidas Louis Chapelle 660 Santo Domingo Day, Placidas Louis Chapelle  750 Taos Day. Placidas Louis Chapelle 600 St. Francis Boarding, Rosebud Reservation, South Da- kota, John Jutz, S. J. (paid from Sioux money) ,  10,260 San Diego Boarding, California, Anthony D. Tjbach  11,875 - St. Benedict's Boarding, Sac and Fox Agency, Okla- homa, Thomas Duperon  5,400 St. Peter's Boarding, Montana, James Rebmann  19,440 St. Catherine's Boarding, Santa Fe, N. Mex,, Placidas, Louis Chapelle  12,500 St. Stephen's Boarding, Shoshone Reservation, Wyom- ing, Philbert Turnell  8,100 St. Labre's Boarding, Tongue River Reservation, Mon- tana, A. Van der Velden  4,320 Tulalip Boarding, Tulalip Agency, Washington, Peter J  Dubbel  10,800 St. Benedict's Orphan, White Earth Agency, Minnesota, Aloysius Hermanutz  9,720 lied Lake Boarding, White Earth Agency, Minnesota, Thomas Borgerding  4,320 California: Hopland Day, Mendocino County, Gregory Knepper. 600 Pinole Day, Mendocino Co., Gregory Knepper 600 St. Turibius Day, Lake County, James Nolte 600 Ukiah Day, Mendocino Co., Gregory Knepper 600 Total $276,115 CATHOLIC SCHOOLS SPECIALLY APPROPRIATED FOR BY CONOREES  ,St. Boniface's Boarding, Banning, Cal., Joseph A  Stephan $12,500  Holy Family Boarding, Blackfeet Agency, Montana, Peter C. Bongis  12,500  St. Paul's Boarding, Clontarf, Minn., Anatole Oster  15,000 St. John's Boarding, Collegeville, Minn., Bernard Loc- nikar  7,500 St. Benedict's Academy, St. Joseph, Minn., Bernard Locnikar  7,500 St. Ignatius Mission, Boarding, Flathead Agency, Mon- tana, J. B. Rene  45,000  St. Joseph's Normal School, Rensselaer, Ind., B. Florian  8,330 KaHtaehDnrexel Boarding, Umatiilla Agency, Oregon, Jos- eph Chianale  6,000 Total  114,330 PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Total  9,580 LIST OF ADDITIONAL CONTRACT SCHOOLS. White's Indian Manual Labor Institute, Wabash, Ind., Oliver H. Bales $10,020 Lincoln Institution, Philadelphia, Pa., Lincoln4Institu- tion by William M. Hugg  33,400 Hampton Institute, Hampton Va., Hampton Institute by Rallis B. Frissell  20,040 Hope Boarding, Springfield, S. Dak., Walter James Wicks 4,860 Episcopal Mission Boarding, Shoshone Agency, Wyom- ing, John Roberts  2,160 Tuscon Boarding. Tuscon, Arizo a, Howard Billman  25,000 Omaha Mission Boarding. Nebraska, Wyllys K. Morris  4,860 Sisseton Reservation, Goodwill Mission, South Dakota  G. S. Baskewill  6,430 Ramona Boarding. Santa Fe, N. Mex., Elmore Chase  8,125 Plum Creek Boarding, Leslie, S. Dak., Thomas L. Riggs  2,700 Point Iroquois Day, Bay Mills, Mich., William Edgar Brown  900 Wittenberg Boarding, Wittenberg, Wisconsin, Axel Jacobson  15,120 Mennonite Mission Boarding, Halstead Kansas, Chris- tian Krehbiel  3,750 Crow Reservation Boarding, Montana, Alfred Man- chester  5,004 Greenville Boarding. Plumas County, Cal., Amos G. Swan (for six months)  1,800 Greenville Day, Plumas County, Cal., Amos G. Swan (for four months) 240 After reading the above long list of sectarian beneficiaries at the hands of the Government, do you wonder that the system has caused a well-known writer to say:- We have reached a critical and crucial period in the history of our Republic, so far as the integrity and very existence of our free public school system, the safe relation of ecclesiasticism to our Government, and essential separation of Church and State are concerned. We are aware that this statement will be declared, by three classes, as sounding an alarm without cause; namely, the egotistic ignorant, the cowardly compro-mising, and the time-serving politician-the three worst foes of civil and religious liberty. But these are times when it be-comes thoughtful citizens who have some knowledge of history, and who understand the situation in these history-making days, to be candid and wise, steady and coura-geous, and to stand together on the tenable ground of impregnable principle, which recognizes the equal rights of all and re-pudiates special privileges to any. . . . The enemy have said : " We will wait a little in hiding, and the spasm will soon pass off, and then we will come out in the open again." Is it not time that the oc-casional spasm should change to a normal and healthful permanence of purpose and action ? Mr. Chairman, I am not an alarmist, but the annals of earth are replete with tales of danger, trouble, and war, caused by religious rivalry, zeal, and hate, when Church and State are in any way con-nected, and it matters not in how slight degree. Already we are told of riots taking place, and that blood has been shed at elections in some of our cities, and we hear the murmurs of discontent, of dissatisfaction with and denunciation of the methods employed iu this bill. Will you not take warning from the past by heeding the protests of great religious denominations; by heeding the resolutions passed by many, many civic organizations; by heeding the demands of almost the entire population of our country, declaring that this nefarious system of paying mil- lions of the people's money to priestly agents of sectarian institutions must im-mediately cease. So long as you continue this system so long will the religious agitation now sweeping over the country continue. Some may claim that I am bringing religion into politics, but far, far from it. I am trying to divorce the two in order that we may have no more of the combin-ation; neither have I opposed this bill because one aggressive church whose rul-ing power is in a foreign land gets the lion's share of the spoils (as one of the largest beneficiaries to lose, I believe in amount received in case of the defeat of sectarian appropriations, is the Society of Friends, a sect for which I have the great-est respect, and to which a majority of my own people belong, and have since they landed in Penn's time, two centuries ago), but I oppose it, believing honestly that its whole principle is radically and everlast-ingly wrong in America. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Some People Can Work on Sunday if They Want To. THREE carpenters, 0. F. Noble, of 20 Holyoke Street, Frank Schoonard, of 67 Minton Street, and H. A. Cook, of 57 Walton Avenue, repaired a little photo-graph gallery on wheels, Sunday, and were arrested for violating the Stinday labor law. But the policeman who made the arrest did not know that the men were Seventh-day Adventists. He was aston-ishtd when they "gave him the laugh," and lie called it impudence. On Monday morning Prosecutor Fiedler got down his law book and began to look for informa-tion. He found that persons who con-scientiously held the seventh day as a day of worship could not be prosecuted for working on the first day. Then the cases were, nolled. The policeman turned a sickly smile on the prosecutor and went down the stairs whistling " Every Day'll Be Sunday By and By."- Cleveland ( Ohio) Press, Sept. 17. Divine Punishment. " I LIKE your paper very much. I would like to ask you if the Scripture does not warrant us in the belief that the present fearful drought and failure of crops is not due to the desecration of the Sabbath ? For all through this country there will more gather to watch baseball players on the Sabbath than attend church." In reply: Sometimes we can see the connection between the sin and God's pun-ishment of it. When we see the apple hanging on the tree we can say that it has grown on the tree. But sometimes we cannot see the connection between a par-ticular sin and a special display of God's anger against sin; and then we cannot assert that the visitation is the result of the one sin alone. Sabbath desecration leads to political corruption, through the daily papers which are the teachers and leaders of the people. We first teach the reporters and editors that God commands rest: and then as a body politic we afford them protection and aid in publishing, distributing and 