398 AIVIMIECICAN SIEdVirlINTIH.111-4. VoL. 9. No. 50. be right; and would she not repeat the same acts, should the opportunity be presented ? Let the re-straints now imposed by secular governments be removed, and Rome he re-instated in her former power, and there would speedily be a revival of her tyranny and persecu-tion. It is true that there are real Christians in the Ro-man Catholic communion. Thousands in that church are serving God according to the best light they have. They are not allowed access to his Word, and therefore they do not dis-cern the truth. They have never seen the contrast between a living heart-service and a round of mere forms and ceremo-nies. But God looks with pitying tenderness upon these souls, educated as they are in a faith that is delusive and unsatisfying. He will cause rays of light to penetrate the dense darkness that surrounds them. He will reveal to them the truth as it is in Jesus, and they will yet take their position with his people. But Romanism as a sys-tem is no more in harmony with the gospel of Christ now than at any former period in her history The Protestant churches are in great darkness, or they would discern the signs of the times. . . . Protestants have tam-pered with and patronized popery; they have made compromises and conces-sions which papists them-selves are surprised to see, and fail to understand. Men are closing their eyes to the real character of Romanism, and the dan-gers to be apprehended from her supremacy. The people of our land need to be aroused to resist the advances of this most dan-gerous foe to civil and re-ligious liberty. . . Every principle of po-pery that existed in ages past exists to-day, The doctrines devised in the darkest ages are still held. Let none deceive them-selves. The popery that Protestants are now so ready to embrace and honor is the same that ruled the world in the days of the Reformation, when men of God stood up at the peril of their lives to expose her iniquity. She possesses the same pride and arrogant assumption that lorded it over kings and princes, and claimed the prerogatives of God. Her spirit is no less cruel and despotic now than when she crushed out hu-man liberty, and slew the saints of the Most High. Popery is just what prophecy declared that she would be,Šthe apostasy of the latter times. It is a part of her policy to as-sume the character which will best accomplish her purpose but beneath the variable appearance of the chameleon, she conceals the invariable venom of the serpent. " We are not bound to keep faith and promises to heretics," she declares. Shall this power, whose record for a thou- take pleasure in introduc-ing to you the Rev. Father Doyle. He represents the great preaching order of the Paulist Fathers. I knew the Rev. Father Hecker, the founder of the order, slightly. I have watched its progress with much interest. In my own mind it has done much more to elevate the character of preaching in theRoman Catholic Church than any other. I am glad to welcome Father Doyle here as the representative of the great Mother Church of Christendom, whose head recently issued a touching appeal for the re-union of the Church. It breathed a spirit like that of the Master himself." Father Doyle said: "When the invitation came to me to address the Hom-iletical Society of the Union Theological Semi-nary, through my highly esteemed friend, Dr. Briggs, I felt it would not only be an error of judg-ment on my part to refuse it, but I would be guilty of neglect in my devotion to one of the great princi-ples of my life, for it would be casting aside one of those rare opportunities of healing the breach of religious dissension and securing Christian unity. I have always made it a settled purpose to sit on the same platform with my brethren of other de-nominations whenever it was possible without sac-rificing any principle of dogmatic faith. I felt constrained, therefore, to accept the invitation so generously accorded me, because I knew that the coming of a Catholic priest among you would be one more span added to that-magnificent bridge that is being built in this age across the dark and muddy stream of religious intol-erance. " It goes without saying that all our religious mis-understandings and most of our religious antipa-thies arise from the fact that we do not know each other well enough. Igno-rance of each other's opin-ions and want of appre-ciation of each other's motives have often lead us to impute false ideas and extravagant notions to  sand years is written in the blood of the saints, be now acknowledged as a part of the Church of Christ ? It is not without reason that the claim has been put forth that Catholicism is now almost like Protes-tantism. There has been a change; but the change is in Protestants, not in Ro-manists. Catholicism in-deed resembles the Prot-estantism that now exists; but it is far removed from Protestantism as it was in the days of Cranmer, Rid-ley, Knox, and other re-formers. As the Protestant churches have been seek-ing the favor of the world, false charity has blinded their eyes. They do not see but that it is right to believe good of all evil; and as the inevitable re-sult, they will finally be-lieve evil of all good. In-stead of standing in defense of the faith once delivered to the saints, they are now, as it were, apologizing to Rome for their uncharit-able opinion of her, beg-ging pardon for their big-otry. . . . Through the two great errors, the immortality of the soul and Sunday sa-credness, Satan will bring the people under his de-ceptions. While the for-mer lays the foundation of Spiritualism, the latter creates a bond of sympa-thy with Rome. Protes-tantism will yet stretch her hand across the gulf to grasp the hand of Spir itualism ; she will reach over the abyss to clasp hands with the Roman power; and under the in-fluence of this threefold union, our country will follow in the steps of Rome in trampling on the rights of conscience. Ł It Depends. APROPOS of the persecutions of Seventh-day Adventists in Maryland, the operation of the Sunday law of that State is brought to bear principally, if not wholly and solely, on this religious sect, who believ-ing that the recognition of Sunday as a religious day would be offensive to the One who established another day (the seventh), exercise the God-given right to work on that day. The writer, on a re- cent Sunday, happened in the neighbor-hood of the home of the magistrate before whom R. R. Whaley and W. G. Curlett, recently released from Centreville prison, were tried for Sunday work. Just across the road from the magistrate's home, a man was working in his hay loft while the magistrate was looking on and talking with him. No action was taken against this man. Had he been an Adventist the probabilities are the matter would not have passed unnoticed. And now comes the Kent County, Md., Sunday-school Association, which held a convention in Millington, recently, and it proposes to do something for an institution for which there is no warrant in the gospel of Christ Among the resolutions passed by this convention is the following:Š We deprecate the violation of the Sabbath law in our county, whether such a violation is made in the name of religion or for purpose of pecuniary gain, and believe the time- has come when we should set our  faces like flint against every encroachment upon the sanctity of God's holy day. When it is known that there are Seventh-day Adventist churches in Millington, and Rock Hall, Kent County, it is not very difficult to determine that unholy zeal and religious prejudice lie at the base of this " deprecation," and furnish the excuse for the consequent use of the words in the resolution, "whether such a violation is made in the name of religion." These are some of the many cases which go to show the character of all religious worship which is not built upon a plain, "thus saith the Lord." S. B. HORTON. Comments of the Press on the Perse-cution of Adventists. So far as religious liberty is concerned, the laws of Switzerland are seemingly, strangely and unreasonably discriminating against the Adventists.ŠClinton Weekly Age ( Iowa). The dominant religion of Switzerland is Lutheran, but those in power have strayed from his teachings, for he denied the holiness of Sunday, and rather than that his followers should give sanction to such an unscriptural doctrine, he told them, if necessary, to give emphasis to their abhorrence of attributing sanctity to a pagan holiday, to work on it, and even dance on it. . . . We, in the United States, however, can complain with poor grace of the action of the authorities in Switzerland. It is always best to cast the beam from our own eye before we search for the mote in our brother's. As we write, there is lying before us the account of the arrest of two good, upright, peace-able, Christian citizens of Maryland, who have just been incarcerated in prison in that State for following their legitimate vocations on Sunday. They, too, are Sev-enth-day Adventists. They believe in the ten commandments strictly, the fourth with the rest. They rested on the Sab-bath, and were attempting to do all their work on. the other six days of the week, as commanded, when they were arrested. . . . Such laws are totally at variance with the principles at the basis of this government as set forth in the Declaration of Independence and the Federal Consti-tution.ŠThe Gazeteer, Denison, Texas, Dec. Q. Religious persecution of the present day does not put on the thumb-screws, torture people on heated iron bedsteads, bore out one's eyes, slip the tongue or burn at the stake, but it does occasionally take up the practice in a degree. Š The Charlotte (Mich.) Tribune, Nov. 14. It is such laws and their prejudical enforcement that keeps the independent, thinking men and women out of the church. Sometimes we think the nine-teenth century is not commenced, let alone being so near its end.Š The Four Corners, Wheatland, Cal., Dec. 1. The Adventists, as a denomination, are conscientious and law abiding citizens. In this country they are quite numerous, and while a majority of them carry on their labors on Sunday, they observe their own Sabbath (Saturday) religiously. Fur-ther than this, they give those in their employ, of a different faith, perfect lib-erty, and never require them to violate their own Sabbath. The prosecution of each other, while a better knowledge and broader charity would have united us in a common brother-hood. There is much that is in common between us like the solid mother earth that unites these two cities on either side of the East River, but there has been a stream running between us as swift, as dark, and, at timer, as dangerous, as the river itself. It has had its shoals and hidden rocks of error, and it has been poisoned by the sew- - erage of religious preju-dice, and it has been run-ning strong and swift with its currents of misconcep-tion ; but the day of build-ing a great bridge Caine, and on the day that the bridge opened its wide avenues for the people to pass And repass, on that day we conceived the Greater New York that was born of the vote of the people in the late elec-tions. " These are days of bridge-building over the streams of religious preju-dice, and as I used to boast that I passed over the Brooklyn Bridge before there was any bridge there, when only one cable was laid and a little footpath over it, so I rejoice to-night that mine is the pleasure to be the first to pass over the bridge of re-ligious toleration and join hands with you in Chris-tian unity." 