THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 71 The,fatal step,is taken by conceding that the State has. any -jurisdiction in the premises, whether religion be viewed as a,- means or an end. The voice of history is that all such depos-its, of power with civil government, whether as a means or otherwise, , are exceedingly dangerous to the liberties of the people. No small part of the oppressions which have cursed mankind may be traced, directly or indirectly, to the administration or regulation of religion by State authority. Their justifi-cation has been State necessity or church necessity, or both put together. Even Chris-tianity has never been able to enter into any alliance with the civil power without receiv-ing damage and doing damage. Many pages of its history are stained with the blood .of martyrs slain in order to maintain its author-ity— and put down heresy. The framers of our 'national' Government were eminently : wise in making all organic connection between religiOn and that Government, upon' any the-ory or for any purpose, and, hence, all dis-alailities, proscriptions, or persecutions on re-ligious .grounds, constitutionally impossible. There are no, consequences in the way of evil attaching themselves to this doctrine in prac-tice,that:in the, magnitude of the ,evil will at all compare with the consequences of the opposite doctrine. Christianity is a divinely-given system of religion; and, hence, authoritative over the indivichial conscience; yet there does not exist on all the face of the earth any civil Government that has the. right for any pur-pose to administer this authority. The as-sumption of the right is an act of tyranny, and every exercise thereof is simply the con-, tinuance of that tyranny. When Massachu-setts, as was the fact prior to 1833, made every citizen taxable for the support of the Protestant religion, whether he was a Protest-ant or not, her constitution in this respect'  bore the distinctive mark of, religious despot-ism. When, as was the fact prior to 1821, no person in Massachusetts was eligible to the office of governor, lieutenant-governor, or counselor, or senator, or representative in the legislature, unless he upon oath declared his belief in the religion adopted and sanctioned. by the State, then the Same feature marked her constitution. Such provisions are virtu-ally persecuting, no matter upon what theory they are defended. Those who talk about the "political value" of religion as a reason'why the State should maintain and teach it, would do well to re-member that Christianity has uniformly made its largest contribution to the State when left to depend upon the volitntary efforts of its friends; unconstrained 'and unregulated except by the law of Christ.- Its brightest pages are the ones written when such has been the fact, and its. darkest pages are those written when the reverse has been true. What the State :really wants for its own good is the elevating and purifying power of Christianity in the hearts of the people; and all history shows -that in reference to this end the State can do nailing so wise far itself as simply to do ?lo - ing and leave the work of maintenance and propagation to other and more appropriate agencies. It has always-proved itself to be a poor preacher of the gospel, and quite often a worse theologian. It never did the work well, and it never can, because it is 'not well adapted to the work. The Bible speaks of Christians, and not of the State, as the visible kingdom of God, and as the habitation of God through the Spirit. To the former, and not the latter, Christ gave the preaching and propagating commission, and never said a word implying that the civil power, as such, was to be called into his serv-ice. The simple truth is that the church,' composed of His friends and inspired with holy zeal in His cause, holding in her hands the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God, and, without any State battalions or State tax-gatherers, assailing the citadels of sin and errorŠyes, the church, unlicensed and unpatronized by the State,, yet strong in argu-ment, patient in effort, persuasive in love, and, above all, having the assurance of divine helpŠconstitutes the effective soldiery in this warfare. It can- make more converts than the State can, and make better ones. Chris-tianity, in itself, in its own appointments, in the inspirations which it imparts and the laws which it prescribes, contains all the necessary instrumentalities for its own diffusion; and the State can add nothing thereto with any advantage. Granting, then, as we most cheerfully do, the great " political value" of the Christian religion as the means of :producing good gov-ernment, we come to a conclusion entirely different from that drawn by Judge Hagans and substantially drawn by Dr. Seelye. The surest way to realize this value is to leave the spiritual agencies of Christianity entirely to the voluntary, the self-imposed, and self-di-rected efforts of its friends. Let them build their-own churches, choose and support their own ministers, and, subject._., to the rules of good public order, manage their affairs ac-cording to their own discretion. Let them replenish their own money-chest and disburse their own free-will-offerings. Let them organ-ize as many religious schools as they choose, and in those schools teach what seems to them good, whether on the Sabbath or the week day, and then let them pay the expenses thereof. Let the State afford to them impar-tial protection, and stop there. This gives Christian truth, and its friends a fair and open field, without patronage and without State resistance. More would be bad policy, even if we concede that the State has a right to do more. 'By doing more it would lose rather than gain.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D. D., in Religion and the State. End of the Quarter. SEVERAL subscriptions expire *ith the quarter end-ing September, 1888; if yours is among the number, please send us your renewal this week. The address label on your paper will show the month to which your subscription is paid. Subscription price only fifty cents per year, or if you will send us two new subscribers at fifty cents each we will send ffonf the ANP14941Y $PNTIngl4 one year free, "The Abiding Sabbath." "THE Abiding Sabbath and the.Lord's Day.'!. A review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays. By Alonzo T. Jones. Pamphlet, 175 pages; price, 20c. Pacific Press Publishing Company, Oakland, California. Of this pamphlet the Herald of Gospel Liberty (Dis-ciple, Dayton, Ohio) says:Š "The prize essays contain the best thought on the question that can be given. The quotations 'are am-ple for an appreciation of the essays, while the review is both candid and able. The pamphlet is well worth its price to parties interested in the Sunday question." VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM, PACKAGE NO. 1, 18* PAGES, 20 CENTS. THIS package contains thirteen tracts treating upon tphAeovtas: rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows:Š NO. 1. Religious Legislation,  8 2. Religious Liberty,    8 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience, ....  16 4. The American Papacy,.  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,    16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8 8. The Salem Witchcraft,  8 9. What Think Ye of Christ?   8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 It The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism  82 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurd   16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. THE SA.1313ATH QUESTION IS THE LEADING SUBJECT OF THE DAY. THE GREAT DEMAND OF THE HOUR, FROM THE PULPIT AND THE PRESS, IN SOCIAL CIRCLES AND IN LEGISLATIVE'HALLS, IS That the Sabbath be more strictly observed. To assist the in-telligent-minded of our land to have correct views of this im-portant question, a book has been prepared which thoroughly discusses the Sabbatie institution in every conceivable phase. Such is the valuable work entitled "History of the Sabbath awl the First Day of the Week." BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. This great and exhaustive work is the result of ten years' hard labor and historical research. The book contains 548 12mo pages, and is printed in clear type, on good paper, and is well bound. Price, post-paid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. TEMPERANCE PACKAGES. WE have put up in neat packages, with printed wrappers, three different assortments of our health and temperance works, which we will furnish, post-paid, at the prices named. TEN CENT PACKAGE, This package contains 100 pages in twenty-five tracts, as fol-lows:-, Code  The of HealthŠHow to Live a CinturyŠPure AirŠHow a Ventilate a HouseŠA Back Yard ExaminedŠInventory of a CellarŠWhat's in the WellŠCayenne and Its congenersŠA Live Hog ExaminedŠA Peep into a Packing HouseŠThe Con- - tents of a Tea-PotŠTea TastersŠTea Drinking and Nervous-nessŠTea TopersŠTea and TipplingŠTobacco PoisoningŠA Relic of BarbarismŠTobacco BlindnessŠScience vs. Tobacco-UsingŠThe Smoke NuisanceŠThe Rum FamilyŠA Drunkard's StomachŠGin LiversŠA Rum BlossomŠAlcoholism. Of the twenty-five tracts, ten are devoted to general hygiene, five to the subject of temperance, five to alcoholic drinks, and five to tea and coffee. Twelve packages, post-paid, for $1.00. FORTY CENT PACKAGE. The second package, costing forty cents, post-paid, contains the following tracts and pamphlets:Š True TemperanceŠAlcohol, What Is It?ŠOur Nation's Curse ŠCause and Cure of IntemperanceŠEffects of IntemperanceŠThe Drunkard's Arguments AnsweredŠAlcoholic MedicationŠAlcoholic PoisonŠTobacco PoisoningŠTobacco-Using a Cause of DiseaseŠTobacco-Using a Relic of BarbarismŠEvil Effects of Pea, and CoffeeŠTen Arguments on Tea and CoffeeŠPork, the Dangers of Its UseŠDiphtheria, its Causes, Prevention, and Proper Treatment. By J. H. Kellogg, M. D. This book should be in every household. ONE DOLLAR PACKAGE, The third package, costing $1.00, post-paid, contains in addi. 'ion to the forty cent package the following pamphlets:ŠProper Diet for Man, price 15c.ŠThe Uses of Water, price 259.ŠDyspepsia, hta Cause and Cure, price 25e. The object of Arranging these Packages is to get them in a nvenient form for sale and for selection. eka9§N . Š rAglIc ociala.nd, 