AMERICAN SENTINEL. 211 A Call for "Christian" Politics. A WRITER in the Sabbath Recorder says:Š "There can be no question as to the duty of a Chris-tian to take part in politics. "There can be no question about the necessity for the Christian to take part in making the laws, and se-lecting the officers to enforce them." Is this so? Is there any question but that Jesus Christ took no part in politics, neither worked for the enactment or enforcement of any laws? And is there any question but that Christians are bound to be guided by his example? Again, this writer says:Š "We cannot shirk these responsibilities and leave the country entirely in the hands of professional politi-cians and chronic office seekers." But does not this writer know that true Christians in this country, as in other lands, are not in the major-ity, but constitute only a small minority? As a part of the government, they would constitute the tail and not the body, and the tail does not wag the body, but vice versa. The candidates will be selected by the great majority who are not Christians, but are "professional politicians, and chronic office seekers," and followers of these characters, and then the true Christians can vote for them if they choose, under the impression that they are casting a Christian vote; while the politicians laugh at their simplicity. Anybody who reads a daily paper ought to know that politics in this country are managed by professional politicians, and always will be. These men have stud-ied the subject until they have made a science of the business of getting and holding a majority of the popu-lar vote; and the unskilled man can no more succeed in a political contest than can the novice succeed against the man of scientific skill in any other business. And the churches rand religious organizations which aim to control politics will succeed in their purpose only when they are led by professional politicians; that is, when theirfreligious leaders learn and copy the methods by which professional politicians attain success. But when this is done, where will be their standing as representa-tives of Christ? True `—Christians are the "salt of the earth"Šthat which preserves it. Matt. 5:13. But will anyone claim that Christians preserve the earth by their votes? Yet Christians:will argue in a Christian journal that Chris- tians must be careful to cast their ballots into thegreat sea of:political worldliness, in order to keep things from going to ruin! Politicsirepresents selfishnessŠthe instinct of self-preservation, !self-advancement, self-exaltationŠwhich is common to all people. Any person, except perchance the true Christian, will resent an invasion of his rights, and will make trouble if he can for the person or party  seeking to invade them. Hence there is a necessity felt to a greater or less degree by all persons in power, of respecting the rights of the people; and it is this neces-sity caused by the common instinct to "look out for number one," and not the "Christian vote," that main-tains the rights and liberties which civil governments are instituted to preserve. There are a vast number of people in this country who, while lacking the true Christian spirit, are tena-cious of their religion, and ready to roll the car of Jug-gernaut over the adherents of a rival religion where they constitute but a. despised few. And it is just such pleas for Christian politicians as this the Recorder prints, that will take these over-zealous and under-wise "Christians" into politics for religion's sake. And when this comes to pass, as ere long it will, the Recorder will have plenty of reason to regret the results that will follow. The Failure of " Christian Politics." The idea that society can be reformed and the moral evils that afflict it eradicated by putting good menŠthat is, righteous menŠinto political office, is shown up as a delusion by an Australian journal, the Bible Echo, as follows:Š "There are many who propose reforming society and making the world religious by law. The modus operandi that they propose is, 'Get Christian men in Parliament; then let them make Christian laws, and when these laws are enforced the evil will be restricted, men will be pro-hibited from sinning, society will become religious, and the world prepared for the millennium.' "To begin with, we do not believe that the truly Christian man will go to parliament. True Christianity neither covets place nor power. Christ never put up for parliament, and if he had designed his followers should take up that kind of work he would have left some directions on the matter. "Again: When Christian men do go to parliament their Christianity seems to be the first thing that gives way. The following paragraphs, bearing out this point, we quote from the New Voice [New York City], of December 14, 1899:Š " 'Besides, it is impossible to find out the "good man." Any man that wants office will prevaricate and, as a rule, lie. And the "good man's" party friends will not believe or even consider the truth. "`Indiana elected a Christian governor, a leader in the Presbyterian Church and soon to enter its ministry. Mr. Mount was not only a nominal Christian, but, ac-cording to all the testimony, a "good man," but he turns out to be an emphatic license man, and, all things con-sidered, the saloons' best friend in Indiana. " `Missiourielected a "good man" in high standingin the Methodist Church, and he turned out not only a friend of the saloon, but an "all round" dirty politician, whose power for evil was only circumscribed by the small horizon of his mind. "'Iowa elected a "good man" governorŠperhaps. 