THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY, 403 But while opposed to every species of intemper-ance, and especially opposed to the liquor traffic as it exists to-day, we are not in sympathy with the plat-form of the National Prohibition Party. Any party that would undertake to carry out the profession of the Prohibition Party, "prohibiting what is wrong and permitting only what is right," would necessarily make a record similar to that of the Span-ish Inquisition. We do not know exactly what is meant by the words, "Acknowledging Almighty God as the supreme source of all just government." There is a sense in which this is true, since "there is no power but of God ;" but it is not true in the sense that civil gov-ernment is charged with the duty of administering the divine law, as revealed in the sacred Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. And this is probably what is meant by it in this platform. Again, if by saying that "this Republic was founded upon Christian principles" the Prohibitionists mean principles of truth and justice, they assert only the truth. Never before was any human government es-tablished upon principles so just. Never before was the divine principles of government by the consent of the governed so fully recognized by man. But this is probably not what is meant by these words in this Prohibition platform. Political prohibition has almost always been bound upŠas it is in this caseŠwith the idea of "prohibiting what is wrong and permitting only what is right." This is altogether outside the legitimate sphere of civil government. "Right" and "wrong" refer altogether to moral qualities ; and with moral qualities civil gov-ernment can of right have nothing to do. Every political party ought to give attention only to prohibiting wrongs and protecting rights. "Rights" and "wrongs" have reference primarily not to moral qualities, but to the relations of acts to men and womenŠto social beings having equal rights and common dutieg, growing out of their relations as social beings. The just powers of civil government begin and end with these rights and duties. To protect nat-ural rights, to enforce natural duties, is the whole duty of civil government. Only despotism can go beyond it, and to come short of it is to fail of the ends for which civil rule is established. Sabbath-breaking is wrong and Sabbath-keeping is right. If the Prohibition Party were in power they would, according to their platform, necessarily pro-hibit Sabbath-breaking and permit only Sabbath-keep-ing. But this is altogether outside the domain of le-gitimate civil authority. Indeed it is beyond the power of civil government, for the reason that Sabbath-keeping and Sabbath-breaking consist not alone in outward acts but in the thoughts and intents of the  heart. The same is true of everything to which moral quality attaches. It follows therefore that it is impos-sible for any human government to prohibit what is wrong and permit only what is right. The Spanish Inquisitors sought to do this, hence their resort to torture to get at the secret thoughts of their victims. The liquor traffic ought to be prohibited, not be-cause it is morally wrong, but because it corrupts civil administration, dethrones reason, endangers life and property, robs families, increases crime, fills poor-houses, etc. But these are not the primary reasons urged by the Prohibition Party ; they are in favor of "prohibiting what is wrong" and "permitting only what is right." In other words they propose to ac-complish a moral reform by political methods. They must necessarily fail of their purpose. B. Morality and Religion. There are many people who while assenting to the proposition that the state has no right to intermeddle with religion, hold that it is the duty of civil govern-ment to regulate morals. Let us see how this isŠwhere lies the truth upon this subject? In its broadest sense, religion is any system or method of worship, without regards to what the ob-ject of worship may be. In the world there are very many religions, and there are very many objects of worship. In this sense the angels are religious, for they worship God. But in Christian lands the word is used in a more restricted sense. He is not counted religious who does not believe in God, his Son Jesus Christ as, the only means of salvation, and the Bible as the revela-tion of the will of God to man. As the Mohammedan counts all as infidels who do not believe in Moham-med, so Christians esteem all as infidels who do not believe in Christ and the Bible. Christianity is that system which accepts the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments as the revelation of God to man; accepts the fact of the fall of man, and of his subjection to death as the penalty of disobedience, and of his entire inability to recover himself from his lost condition. It accepts Christ as the Son of God, the sole means of salvation, who died as a sacrifice to redeem us, and lives a priest to make intercession for us, and to aid us by his Spirit. Morality is obedience to the revealed will of God, whose law is the moral law, the only moral rule. Man lost his morality by disobedience of this rule, but he did not cease to be a religious being. Had he retained his innocency, he would still have been a religious be-ing, according to the broadest sense of the word. He would have held communion with God, and worshiped him as the angels now do. But religion in the Chris- 