282 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. in truth have, honestly sought to do, God service by endeavoring to model their laws after his law; but this is contrary to the divine plan. God has reserved moral government to himself, but has left men free to govern themselves in civil affairs; and this for obvious reasons. Had God commissioned men to administer his law, and to require of their fellows the discharge of duties due to the Divine Being, it would have de-stroyed responsibility to God, and have put man' in the place of God. On the other hand, had God not committed to men the power to regulate to some extent their relations with each other, to enforce and preserve their own rights, one of two things would have followed : either punish-ment would have been so long delayed as to afford no protection to those in need of it, or else vengeance would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very de-sign of God in making man a free moral agent. All human government is force, and party platforms are simply declarations of the principles which will be crystallized into law, and so enforced upon all by the party in the event of its success. There-fore for a party to say that " all human enactments " should conform to the divine law, is for it to declare that should it come into power it would adopt legislation re-quiring everything that the divine law re-quires and forbidding everything that the divine law forbids; in other words to pledge itself to administer the divine law. The just powers of government are nec-cessarily limited to securing impartially to all the free exercise of natural rights, to the securing of civil order; and it was for this purpose that civil government was ordained. Whatever is less than this falls short of what government may do, and of what it should do; and whatever is more than this exceeds the just powers'  of government and restricts natural rights. The National Reform Association and the Prohibition Party both hold that the Government should recognize the law of God " as of supreme authority in civil affairs;" and it involves them both in the same difficulty, namely, in the assumption that they are commissioned to interpret and enforce the law of God, to prohibit sin and to promote righteousness. This leads them alike to decide, not only for themselves but for others, what sin is and what righteousness is, and to seek to mete out rewards and punishments as they judge right. In short, they assume pre-rogatives which belong only to God. The trouble is, as we have seen, that they start wrong. They approach the subject of government not from the human, but from the divine side. C. P. B. No cause, however just, should be sup-ported or defended by unjust means. Doing evil that good may come will always yield evil results.ŠSigns of the Times. What Rights Have the Minority? ALL men are created equal. It then follows that each person in the minority has just the same rights as any person in the majority. In other words, the same respect, protection, and natural liberty must be guaranteed to each individual without regard to whether he is one of the many or one of the few. It is the main-tenance of this principle (that the weak shall be afforded equal protection with the strong) that marks the free government in contradistinction to the despotic power; and having this principle clearly in view the early American statesmen aimed to incorporate into our political system such a guarantee of the rights of the minority, that those rights would never be trampled upon, no matter how numerous or over-whelming the majority might be. In order to accomplish this, not only were the fundamental and inalienable rights of man declared, but our Govern-ment was organized into three separate, distinct, and sovereign departments for the express purpose of each being a check upon the other should it be inclined to violate the Constitution by infringing in any way upon the rights of the people. John Adams, while vice-president, in his " Defense of the Constitutions and Gov-ernment of the United States of America," called attention to the inclination of ma-jorities to oppress minorities, and in so doing fully justifies the executive and judiciary departments of our Government, in addition to the Legislature or repre-sentative department. Mr. Adams said :Š Since all men are so inclined to act according to their own will and interests, in making, expound-ing, and executing laws, to the prejudice of the people's liberty and security, the sovereign author-ity, the legislative, executive, and judicial power, can never be safely lodged in one assembly, though chosen annually by the people; because the ma-jority and their leaders, the principes populi, will certainly oppress the minority, and make, ex-pound, and execute laws for their own wealth, power, grandeur, and glory, to the prejudice of the liberty and security of the minority. The minority, to secure justice to all, must be protected. Hence, the majority can not be trusted with unlimited power; for a majority would just as surely abuse such power as would a king. Any nation, in order to be free, must place safeguards around each individual, over which the governmentŠbe it a monarchy or be it a republicŠbe it the rule of one or be it the rule of a majorityŠshall not, under any pretense, pass. The idea of thinking that because we have a Republic, there is no danger of the rights of the people being infringed, is absurd. All experience with human nature is to the contrary. In the present Sunday agitation it is urged that some of the leaders in the movement are among our best men; that they have too much regard for justice, for their religion, to use the Sunday laws to wrong an American citizen; their Christianity is sufficient warrant that no  injustice will be done. But such argu-ments as these have been used before. It was necessary for Madison to show this fallacy,, and what he said over a century ago is worthy of repetition. He takes up the subject in answer to the question, What is to restrain the majority, when united with a common passitn, from un-just violations of the rights and interests of the minority or of individuals ? Will their religion ? In his comments he says: It [religion] is not pretended to be such [a re-straint as will insure the recognition of rights] on men individually considered. Will its effect be greater' on them considered in an aggregate view ? Quite the reverse. The conduct of every popular assembly acting on oath, the strongest of religious ties, proves that individuals join without remorse in acts against which their consciences would re-volt if proposed to them under the same sanction, separately, in their closets. When, indeed, religion is kindled into enthusiasm, its force, like that of other passions, is increased by the sympathy of a multitude. But enthusiasm is only a temporary state of religion, and, while it lasts, will hardly be seen with pleasure at the helm of Government. Besides, as religion in its coolest state is not in_ fallible, it may become a motive to oppression as well as a restraint from injustice.ŠNotes on the Confederacy (1787). The surest way of having our rights made secure, is to remove all means by which they can be invaded. If this can not be done, the next best thing is to come as near as possible to that state of affairs. Hence, the surest way of preventing per-secution on account of working on Sun-day, is to have no Sunday laws with which to persecute. Instead of allowing the Sun-day laws of the various States to remain upon the statute books as a dead letter, which may at any time be revived by some religious bigots (as has been done repeatedly lately) the only way to do in order. that the security of the Sabbatarian may be assured is to repeal totally and forever every Sunday law in every State of the Union. In this way, and in this way alone, will the rights of the Sabba-tarian Christians, and the conscientious Jews, in this country be protected from the fanaticism of the over-zealous Sunday-keeper. The very object of laws is to prevent oppressionŠto protect the individual. See then, how the power delegated to govern-ment is abused when they enact, or allow to remain on the statute books, laws that are the means of oppression. Some per-sons seem to think that all government is for is to protect the majority. But this idea is far from the truth. The primary idea of government is to protect the mi-norityŠto protect the weak from oppres-sion by the strongŠto protect the few from oppression by the many. On several occasions in our history have our leading jurists had occasion to call attention to this truth. In the Ohio decision on the Bible in the public schools, the Court de-clared that the religious rights of the minority were to receive the same protec-tion as those of the majority. Speaking 