FEBRUARY 7, 1895. A.10/nEritICAINT SIMINTWENTEE.I., 43 penalty of the divine displeasure and divine judgments. What, if any, difference is there then between these views? In either case it is the Church that teaches "the State God's (?) message." The Roman Catholic Church does this through its visible head, the pope; the so-called Protestant Church does it through its several representatives, its authorized teachers, and by resolutions and official utterances of its representative bodiesŠthe church courtsŠsynods, assem= blies, conferences, etc. But according to the National Reform theory, the State is under obligation to hear and heed this message; for the Church speaking in this way is, according to the National Reform view, speaking with authority, not only to the State but to the individuals which com-pose the State ; hence the mere manner of speaking, or the medium through which the speaking is done, does not change the principle. In any event the right of pri-vate judgment is denied. It is only a question of one pope or a number of popes, a composite pope as it were. Under the papal scheme a single man interposes him-self between God and the individual, and speaks for Him, thus sitting "in the temple of God showing himself that he is God;" while under the National Reform scheme, a number of men acting together do ex-actly the same thing. The principle is the same; the one is the papacy, the other is the image of the papacy. And this is not mere theory of what may some day be. Already the churches of the United States have assumed to teach God's message to the State, and the State, the Government, has heard and obeyed. By_petition—by_resolutious—by threats of political boycott and by all the arts known to the American papacy, the composite "Protestant" pope declared to the Govern-ment of the United States that Sunday is the Sabbath, that it is enforced by the fourth commandment, and that it is the duty of the State to recognize this fact and to re-quire all men to recognize it. Tire State heard and obeyed by enacting the World's Fair Sunday legislation; and now this "Protestant" pope boasts that the churches have the Government so well in hand, so entirely under their control, that they can get anything they ask for. That this is true in a measure must be admitted, but the power of the American pope is limited by the wiles of the other pope, the man of sin on the Tiber; for the image to the beast now doing its work in this country is dependent in large measure upon the beast itself, and can go only so far as the beast permits. True, the image aspires to supreme authority, but the beast not only refuses to abdicate but greedily snatches from his double the fruit of every victory gained; thus strengthening his own power while the makers of the image "turn white with fear and wrath" at the aggressions of Ro-manism, but continue nevertheless in the same evil course, casting up a highway over which the beast rides in triumph, and will continue to ride until destroyed, with its image, by the coming of the true head of the true Church, the Lord Jesus Christ. Papal Influence in French Politics. THE new president of France, M. Faure, is a Romanist. A press despatch' from Paris says:Š While the voting was in prowess, M. Faure's friends were actively canvassing for votes and with apparent success until a rumor was started that he was a Prot-estant, This for a time had bad effect upon his can- didacy, but a deputation instantly approached M. Faure and questioned him upon his religious persua-sion. M. Faure, who was greatly excited, said in reply to a question on the subject: " No, I am a Cath-olic." This reassured his supporters, and they went to work with renewed vigor. Another despatch, dated Rome, Jan. 18, says:Š The Vatican is entirely satisfied with the election of Faure, the French president. "How does all this comport," asks an exchange, "with Bishop Keane's assertion that the Catholic Church has no political purpose? What has the Vatican to. do with the President of France any more than the President of the United States? Why did Faure have to declare himself a papist in order to reach the presidency? And how long will it be before this country is in the condition of the French Republic? All these are timely questions." Drifting Romeward. NOT long since the Presbyterian Union Theological Seminary of New York, 'in-vited a Roman Catholic priest, " Father " Doyle, to address its candidates' for the ministry on the subject, " Methods of - Preaching." Our readers will remember that the Churchman, a Protestant Episcopal paper, questioned tie propriety of inviting Roman Catholic priests to teach Protestant can-didates for. the ministry, and for this faint echo of the Reformation, the Churchman was severely rebuked by its superior, Bishop Potter, and the Outlook, a Congre-gational paper, heartily indorsed and printed the rebuke. So well pleased was the Outlook with the papal priest's preaching prescriptions, that it requested the priest to contribute an article for its columns on the subject, " The Making of a Missionary." And now we want our readers to see what a professedly Protestant paper pub-lishes from the pen of a Romanist, for the edification and instruction of its readers. We quote one paragraph from the priest's - article in the Outlook of January 12:Š To fit a young man to campaign it in this spiritual warfare, a discipline is resorted to far more severe than a West Point cadetship involves. It continues through six years after he has taken his degrees at college. It means daily rising at five o'clock, with two half-hours of meditation or silent prayer to make the truths of religion more vivid, constant examina-tion of conscience that the mirror of the soul may he kept bright, weekly confessions that the soul may be purified from all sin, a yearly " retreat " of eight days in solitude without any conversation with another, the constant recourse to the literature of ascetic the-ology and hagiology to stimulate in the service of God by precept and example, three years of metaphysics as a basis of knowledge, three years of dogmatic the-ology with Holy Scripture and concurrent studies, and along with dogma three years of moral theology to cultivate one's practical judgment of sin and its rem-ediesŠwith this braining, and a repertory of thirty well-prepared sermons that grasp the'very marrow of the subject discussed, a young missionary is equipped for the battle-field. It will be noticed that the " Holy Scrip-ture" hardly escaped being left out alto-gether from this papal preacher's curricu-lum. It comes in as a side-dish in one of the courses. " Dogmatic theology with Holy Scripture;" roast turkey with cran-berry sauce; and even then this " Holy Scripture "- side - dish sauce is pumped through the Roman Catholic sewer of " " interpretation. And now that apostate Protestants are inviting papists to feed their people through pulpit and press, with papal pap, let the gospel preacher- feed the people  with the " sincere milk of the word." "Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season, reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine." 2 Tim. 4: 1, 2. Fawning Upon Rome. THE Idaho Daily Statesman, published at Boise City, gives a glowing account of a recent reception tendered to Archbishop Gross of Portland, Oregon. " On the stage," says the Statesman, " were seated a number of prominent men, among whom being Senator Shoup, whose appearance was greeted with generous ap-plause. Gov. McConnell, Mayor Sonna, T. J. Jones and others." " The distinguished guest of honor was escorted to his chair by Bishop Glorieux, and gracefully acknowledged the applause that followed." " T. J. Jones welcomed the archbishop, whom he characterized as one of the dis-tinguished men of our country, and whom the State of Idaho felt proud to honor as her guest." " The applause that greeted the bishop as he came forward to respond lasted for some moments." " At the close of the archbishop's address Governor McConnell welcomed the visitor in behalf of the State, and Mayor Sonna extended a welcome in behalf of the city." Such receptions are significant, for they are tendered not to an individual, but to that which the individual represents. Had Archbishop- Gross been a Methodist, no such reception would have been thought of. Had he been a representative of any other church or system of religion other than Rome, neither the governor of the State, nor yet the mayor of the city, would have felt called upon to extend him an official welcome. It is as the represen-tatives of a religio-political system that priests and prelates of Rome,  are thus web corned by American officials supposed to act for the people only in civil, secular things. If governors and mayors as in-dividuals see fit to toady to Rome, they have a perfect right to do so, but in such things they have no authority to speak for the whole people. That they usurp the function is ominously significant. Roman Catholic Ideas ofŁ Religious Liberty. HON. CHAS. J. BONAPART of Baltimore, a Roman Catholic, recently delivered an address before the Catholic Union of Bos-ton, which was published in the Boston Herald of January 10. We quote two sentences from the address because they illustrate so briefly and clearly the Roman Catholic idea of religious liberty :Š We are in fact essentially a religious people, but we do not deem the civil government competent to deter-mine the comparative merits of different faiths. That function is reserved to the individual citizen, and wherever public opinion ceases to be practically unan-imous as to questions, of belief or morals, the State's province ends. The Roman Catholic idea of religious liberty is that it is the function of the in-dividual to determine the comparative merits of different faiths except where public opinion is practically unanimous, as was the case in most countries of the world previous to the Reformation, and as is now the case in Spain and South Amer-ican countries. Then the province of the State begins, and woe to the dissenter. The speaker did not define what be meant 