"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND EFTIFVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, MARCH 15, 1900. NUMBER 11. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. ilt2rAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it Łmay know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have nbt ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fork, (Entered at the New York Postomee.) THE Sunday laws are built upon the theory that man was made for the Sabbath. oeat COMPULSION, when exercised in religion, only stirs up unholy and bitter passions in the soul. ctS GOD'S idea in making the Sabbath was to save men; man's idea in making Sunday laws is to save the Sabbath. THE Creator's Sabbath is perfectly fitted to the needs of all men; but a man-made Sabbath must have laws for forcing men into conformity with it. .4 .4 SINCE the fourth commandment which covers the entire week, leaves no place for a "civil Sabbath," it is plain that such a "sabbath" is condemned by the Word of God. .—4 THE state may compel a person to be religious, but it cannot possibly make him a Christian. And only the Christian religion makes people better than they were before. ONE vital difference between God's laws and man's laws is that the latter have no love in them; and this is one great reason why human laws can have no rightful connection with religion. GOD did not create individuals to save the state but he ordained the power of the state to serve the interests of individuals. The state was made only for time; but man was made for eternity. THE Sunday laws are about the only things that connect the present age of enlightenment with the Dark Ages of mediaeval church-and-state times. Why not cut these connecting links instead of trying to make them stronger? tte GOD has his own laws,his own penalties and his own remedies for sin, which are in force to-day; and he neither asks man's help, nor will he tolerate man's in-terference, in dealing with sin. Man's laws are not to maintain righteousness, but rights. An act may be both a sin and a crime; but human tribunals can deal with it as a crime only. The Sabbath Was Made for Man. THE "Lord of the Sabbath" declared that "the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sab-bath." This statement embodies two ideas that lie at the foundation of the legislation that has been enacted for Sabbath observance. One of these ideas is that the Sabbath was made for man. This is God's idea, and the foundation of his legislation for Sabbath-keeping. The other idea (held by the Pharisees) is that man was made for the Sabbath; and this is the foundation of all human legislation to preserve the day. This of course is disclaimed by the authors of state Sabbath laws; but it is that to which reason and experience tes-tify as being the truth. God made the Sabbath to be wholly a blessing to mankind, and to put upon him no hardship. It was 