376 AmikAttoANT Vot. 0, No. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 29, 1894. PV-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. MASSACHUSETTS has seceded to the group of States now persecuting Seventh-day Adventists for following their usual vocations on Sunday. We will furnish definite information regarding the case in our next issue. DISPATCHES from the Eak announce the massacre of several thousand Arme-nian Christians by Turkish Mohammedans. This is a revival of the old conflict between the crescent and the cross. The European powers have demanded an investigation and unless satisfactory explanations and reparations are forthcoming, this brutal act may prove to be the death of the " sick man of the East." THE SENTINEL has digressed this week from its usual quiet and conventional cus-tom and has inserted a cartoon on the first page. Our object for doing so is explained in the article, " The 'Modern " Even the SENTINEL, which has long ex-pected the developments there recorded, is, if possible, startled at the rapid apos-tasy of American " Protestants " to papal methods.' ALICE MORSE EARLE has added another book to the literature on New England. In it she tells of the diary of "little Anna Green Winslow, a Boston school girl of 1771," in which "it crops out that certain Puritan reverends wouldn't baptize chil-dren born on the ' Lord's day '! Labor on the Sabbath strictly prohibited! " As none of the editors of the SENTINEL lived at that time, of course we cannot vouch for the truth of this statement, but in the light of events more modern, it does not seem improbable. THE Mail and Express, commenting on the recent outrages committed by the Turks upon Christian Armenians, says: Mohammedanism is bent on the extermination of Christianity in Armenia. We have been felicitating ourselves on the fact that the age of religious persecu-tions has passed away. Mohammedanism has always made use of the sword in propagating itself, and in this instance is but true to its animating spirit. We ought not to be surprised therefore to hear that the Mohammedan is conducting himself naturally. It is when professed Protestant Christians in the United States, and other enlightened countries, contrary to the animating spirit of true Protestant Christianity, begin such a war of extermination on their dissenting  brethren, as is now in progress in Mary-land, Tennessee, Massachusetts, Pennsyl-vania, Manitoba, Switzerland, New South Wales and elsewhere, that men are sur-prised. And the Mail and Express is now, and has been for several years, by giving aid and comfort to the American Sabbath Union, fostering this modern crusade in America, while denouncing Mohammedan persecutions in semi-barbarous Turkey. IN the New York Sun of the 13th inst. is a communication from a Russian, in which he undertakes to defend the perse-cution of Jews and Roman Catholics in Russia. Of the treatment accorded the Jews the writer says :Š The Jews were only three and a half millions of people against the hundred millions of Russians, but the three and a half millions of Jews oppressed the hundred millions of Russians to such an extent that the struggle for a living became hard, This is absurd on its face. Less than three and a half per cent. of the people, having no part in the government, and enjoying only such rights as the majority see fit to accord them, could not possibly oppress the other ninety-seven per cent. For the persecution of Roman Catholics the Sun's correspondent offers this ex- cuse :Š The persistent efforts of the Roman Catholic Church to convert the Russians from their own church must be stopped, and rightly so Russia is " Greek Cath-olic, ' and must be so and remain so. A parallel to this " argument " is found in an utterance by Secretary Leiper, of the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association. At the recent meeting at Williamsport, held in honor of the one hundredth anniversary of the Pennsylvania Sunday law, a Sev-enth-day Adventist minister approached Mr. Leiper, and said to him : " Your movement, if successful, will surely result in the persecution of Seventh-day Advent-ists." Mr. Leiper's reply was, in sub-stance ; " We .can't permit you people to desecrate the Sabbath {Sunday] and set a bad example before our children. We are in the majority and the minority must submit." In other words, Seventh-day Adventists cannot be permitted to carry on their propaganda for the conversion of the people to the seventh day, to teach by their example, that Sunday is not a sacred day, and that the seventh day is the Sab-bath. Pennsylvania is committed to Sun-day-keeping and must remain so. The parallel is perfect; and the logic is as good in America as in Russia, but no better. It is the logic of religious bigotry and intolerance, whether in Russia or in America. WE have received from the Interna-tional Religious Liberty Association, two new issues of the Religious Liberty Li-brary. They are numbers 25 and 26. The first is entitled, "The Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary," and is a clear Biblical refutation of  that gospel-perverting Roman Catholic dogma bearing that name. Let every soul who wishes to contend successfully for the faith once delivered to the saints against the rising power of Rome, read this tract; 16 pp., price 2 cents. No. 26 is entitled, " The Puritan Sabbath for ' Physical Rest.' " We manifest our appreciation of the tract by printing it entire in this issue. Read it, and then send for a number to use in missionary work; 12 pp., price 14 cent. Both numbers can be obtained at this office; and when ordered in quantities, at the usual discount. A Letter From Brethren In Bonds. "Centreville Jail, Centreville, Md., " November 11th, 1894. " To THE EDITOR OF THE SENTINELŠDear Sir: Jt isn't news to-day to readers of the SENTINEL that inMaryland Christian s (?) are persecuting Sabbath-keepers because in keeping the law of God they break the civil law, which to-day is honored above God's law. The vast majority seem de-termined that the first day of the week shall be observed as a Sabbath, notwith-standing the divine command requires men to remember and honor the seventh day because God honored it by resting on that day ' from all his works which he created and made.' " There are two of us in this jail for working on the first day of the weekŠW. J. Curlett and myself. There are two convictions against my companion, and three against me. " I was arrested two different times. The first time I was charged with hoeing in my garden. The second time I was ar-rested on two charges, both of chopping wood on my wood-pile. On one of the Sun-days when I worked, and for which work I was imprisoned, there was a person just a little way from my house, who was doing the same work that I was doing. I have cut wood in the town where I live, half of Sunday many a time, and without protest, before I began to keep God's command-ments. " The jailer and his family are very kind and generous to us; and we feel to praise God for his promise never to leave nor forsake us, because we know it is true. " I pray that God may help us to be faithful. R. R. WHALEY." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " it Ł 75c 250 to 499 " "- - - Ł 70c 500 to 999 " " " - - 65e " 1000 or more - 60e Ł  5 shillings To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, 