AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, MAY 12, 1898. IF the church had never gone into politics, religious persecution would never have been a political proceeding. HUMAN nature moves a person to nothing more readily than to a usur-pation of prerogatives which belong to no human power. JESUS CHRIST, as he is to-day, is the divine standard of manhood. ,In the school of Christ, and that only, can that standard be attained. "I DETERMINED," said the Apostle Paul to certain of his converts, "to know nothing among you save Jesus Christ and lira crucified." Not much politics or war would be preached by ministers to-day if they were like Paul. THE past week has brought the de-tails of a great victory for the Amer-ican arms at Manila, in the Philip-pine islands. It was, of course, an equally great disaster for the Span-ish; hence the theory is still unim-paired that the desecration of Sun-day brings disaster. WHEN the church leads the state, there is a fulfillment of the proverb of the blind leading the blind into the ditch. In such a case the church is blind to her true calling or she would never want to lead the state; and the state is blind to its proper mission on earth or it would not allow the church to be its leader. MEN do not pay very much atten-tion these days to the word of the Lord, except to pass criticisms upon it; but there is a time coming when their most earnest attention will be given it unasked. That time will be the day which will unmask its power over physical things. A great na-tion, with its power expressed in the ponderous guns of its battleships, is  the most conspicuous thing before men's eyes to-day; but the day com-eth Šand cometh soonŠ when "the Lord also shall roar out of Zion and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the Lord will be the hope of his people." Joel 3:16. God's Word is the most powerful thing in the earth to-day, and as such should receive the most earnest attention of man-kind, for whose salvation it is now employed. WHAT a strange thing is worldly "honor." The man who has been insulted must not be satisfied until he has given his enemy a chance to kill him; and Spain's "honor" can only be satisfied when all the world has beheld her in the ignomy of de-feat and seen how vain were her boastings. Not so the honor that is from above. THE Sun, of this city, refers to the ovation given-recently to Archbishop Corrigan, in the name of the city of New York (see p. 296), as being a marked evidence of the "decay of Protestant intoleiŁance." Yes; it is truly a marked evidence of the decay of that which papal writers term in-tolerance, but which in reality is adherence to the principles of divine truth. IT is reported that Spanish bishops have asked the permission of the Vat-ican to sell, part of the treasures of the churches in Spain, for the purpose of providing funds to aid the Spanish government in prosecuting the war with the United States. If the Vati-can refuses, it will savor of unfriend-liness to Spain; and if it gives per-mission it will be construed as hostil-ity to America. The incident shows how impossible it is for the Vatican to be really neutral in the Spanish-American contest. ROMAN CATHOLIC writers are in the habit of designating Protestantism as a mere negation; and some even  of those who call themselves Protest-ants are inclined to consider Protest-antism as being faulty in this respect. But such have only the most super-ficial view of what Protestantism is; so superficial, in fact, as to be alto-gether erroneous. Protestantism is truth, and truth is alwa) s first; error comes afterward and denies the truth, and then the truth also denies the error; but error is the negation, in the truest sense. Protestantism de-nies papal doctrines just as all truth denies error; but it is no less positive than as though there were no error for it to contravene. THE pope is reported as having been deeply horrified over the naval battle at Manila, in which several hundred Spanish sailors lost their lives. This however is not the first battle that has been fought in the island of which Manila is the capital, since the present war in that section began. There have been battles be-tween the Spanish forces and the na-tives, in which it is reported that hundreds of the latter were killed. But the Roman pontiff never ex-pressed any horror over these occur-rences, any more than he has over the starvation of Cubans. And the rea-son why is obvious. THERE is great rejoicing through-out the land at the victory of Com-modore Dewey over the Spanish forces in the Philippine Islands. This is natural, and quite proper from the standpoint of an American citizen. But from the Christian standpointŠthe standpoint of the heavenly citi-zenshipŠthe knowledge of superiority over our enemies, is not an occasion for rejoicing. When the disciples came to Christ exulting because "even the devils are subject unto us," Jesus said, "In this rejoice not, that the devils are subject unto you; but ra-ther rejoice because your names are written in heaven." LET your Christianity recommend your creed. 