AMERICAN SENTINEL.. 569 to get on his feet with his inventions, and meeting with little success, Mr. Keely was getting funds by the hun-dred thousand out of Philadelphians for his mysterious, intangible, humbug "force." ONE result of the labors of "Father Chiniquy, the ex-priest, in the cause of Protestantism, is now seen in Canada, where four Catholic priests have lately put themselves in communication with Protestant pastors in Montreal, desiring to be instructed in Protestant doc-trine. There is a visible restlessness among the French Catholic clergy. Father Chiniquy's steadfast adherence to the Protestant faith up to his death, says The Pres-byterian Review, "has evidently made a deep impression. A very different issue was confidently expected." ONE Marshall 0. Waggoner, of some prominence erstwhile in "freethought" ranks in Ohio, having now renounced his atheistic views and joined a church, The Truth Seeker (atheist) comes forward and declares that Mr. Waggoner was never any good anyhow; that he always represented "rampant emotionalism," absence of logic, and "stupidity," was always a braggart, shal-low-brained, discourteous, etc. This is what, coming from a religious journal against one who had renounced Christianity, would be called by The Truth Seeker an exhibition of religious spite and intolerance. We allude to it only by way of observing that the anti Christian spirit outside the church is precisely the same that it is when found within it. THE well known English nonconformist clergyman, F. B. Meyer, says with reference to the result of the arch-bishops' decision against Romanist ceremonies in the Church of England:Š "If the ritualist party does not acquiesce, disestab-lishment will come inside of a decade. Think of that, and see if you can understand the tremendous issues in-volved. The ritualists may give in and so save the establishment. Although on the outside, I have some inside sources of information, and I cannot help believ-ing the ritualists will make the best of it and obey. The next three months will tell. Watch affairs for that length of time. The enormous issues involved warrant your thought and attention, even if you are the busiest people on the globe." HATRED of Mormonism in the South brought about a very unusual spectacle at Johnson Springs, Va., Sep-tember 4. A man who had murderously assaulted a Mormon elder was on trial for the offense in a regular court of justice, when an armed mob of about two hun-dred men appeared and took charge of court, sheriffs, and prisoner, released the latter, and compelled the  Mormon elder to withdraw the prosecution and promise to leave the country under a threat of lynching. It is seldom that mob rule goes so far as to "hold up" justice in its appointed sanctuary,Šthe courts of law. The significance of such an incident is altogether on the wrong side. A GOOD idea of what is at the bottom of England's extraordinary interest in the affairs of the Boer repub-lic, may be had from these two statements made by eminent Englishmen of South Africa. Sir Alfred Milner, when asked what would be his policy regarding the Transvaal, said: "If you saw a solid pile of gold worth five hundred millions sterling over there with 20,000 Boers armed to the teeth sitting upon it, what would you do?" The other statement is this by Mr. Lionel Phillips, a Rand millionaire: "We ,don't care about the franchise; we want the mines." - GERMAN CATHOLICS of Newark (N. J.) diocese, re-cently, at their fifth annual convention, passed a resolu-tion declaring that in case of war between the United States and Germany, they would enlist under the banner of the former. ROMAN CATHOLIC church property in the United States, as is well known, is mostly held in the names of the priests and prelates. In Wisconsin, recently, a su-preme court decision declared that property thus held by Archbishop Katzer, of Milwaukee, was subject to taxation. To escape paying the tax, the archbishop transferred all the property to the Consultors of the Diocese, who became an incorporated body. The same course, it is said, is to be followed by the church in Michigan. * iF THE synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, held at Denver, Col., some weeks ago, adopted resolu-tions calling for such a change in the national Constitu-tion as will make it embody "a clear and explicit acknowledgment of Almighty God as the source of all power, of Jesus Christ as the prince of kings of the earth, and the Bible as the supreme rule in all affairs." The country's financial troubles were declared to be due to the fact that the supreme power of God was not ac-knowledged in our Constitution. PRE-EMPTED.Š"Found!" cried the explorer as the North Pole hove in sight. "I annex this district in the name of my gracious sovereign." "Too late," mur. mured a native laconically. "All this district is under the control of the Ice Trust."ŠPhiladelphia North American. 