C14E AMERICAN svN-riN-r:r.. 277 " According to this standard of merit, the praise of affording a just security to property should be sparingly bestowed on a government which, however scrupu-lously guarding the possessions of individ-uals, does not protect them in the enjoy-ment and communication of their opinions, in which they have an equal, and, in the estimation of some, a more valuable prop-erty. " More sparingly should this praise be allowed to a government where a man's religious, rights are violated by penalties, or fettered by tests, or taxed by a hier-archy. " Conscience is the most sacred of all property ; other property depending in part on positive law [that is, human law], the exercise of that [conscience] being a natural and unalienable right. To guard a man's house as his castle, to pay public and enforce private debts with the most exact faith, can give no title to invade a man's conscience, which is more sacred than his castle, or to withhold from it that debt of protection for which the public faith is pledged by the very nature and' original conditions of the social part. . . . If there be a government, then, which prides itself in maintaining the in-violability of property; which provides that none shall be taken directly, even for public use, without indemnification to the owner, and yet directly violates the prop-erty which individuals have in their opin-ions, their religion, their passions, and their facultiesŠnay, more, which indi-rectly violates their property in their actual possessions, in the labor that ac-quires their daily subsistence, and in the hallowed remnant of time which ought to relieve their fatigues and soothe their caresŠthe influence will have been antici-pated that such a government is not a pattern for the United States. " If the United States mean to obtain or deserve the full praise due to wise and just governments, they will equally re-spect the rights of property and the prop-erty in rights; they will rival the govern-ment that most sacredly guards the former, and by repelling its example in violating the latter, will make themselves a pattern to that and all other govern-ments." Not Enforced Impartially. THAT Sunday laws are not enforced against the very class which we are told they are especially designed to reach has just been illustrated in Walla Walla, Wash. The Union-Journal, of that city, in its issue of August 1, gives the follow-ing account of a typical case :Š Probably what was the wealthiest jury that ever sat on a case in this county was the jury that tried A. Schwarz for violation of the Sunday law, in Justice Taylor's court, Friday. The verdict was, "` Not guilty." Prosecuting Attorney Blandford fought nobly for the State and the execution of the law, and its failure surely does not lay upon his shoulders nor upon any of the public officials. The  responsibility rests entirely with the jury. The first witness put on the stand was Marshal Robin son, who testified that he was in the saloon, saw beer passed over the bar and paid for. Twenty-five or thirty men were in the saloon all day. His evi-dence was corroborated by that of other witnesses. About the same arguments were made by the de-fense as on the previous day, but were completely refuted by the prosecution. The Jury, after de-liberating only ten minutes, returned a verdict of not guilty. If the defendant had been a poor Sab-batarian on trial for digging potatoes or plowing, greatly to the annoyance and scandal of his Sunday-keeping neighbors, a different verdict might have been ren-dered. Certain it is that as a rule Sunday laws are made effective only in the most petty cases. They should be wiped out everywhere. Sabbaths Galore. WE have the " Continental Sunday," the " Puritan Sabbath," the " American, Sabbath," and now, if Judge Hammond is correctly reported, we will have State sabbaths galore. Of his decision in the King case, the report says :Š By Judge Hammond's decision the defendant is remanded back to the custody of the sheriff to serve his sentence. The decision is based, not so much on the constitutionality of the Sabbath, clause, as upon the fact that King was convicted under due process of Tennessee law, and that it is not in the province of the Federal Court to review the case. Judge Hammond rules, however, that if man has set Sunday apart in due form by his law for rest, it must be obeyed as man's law, if not as God's law. It appears then that King is condemned' for violating the Tennessee sabbath. This institution, however, can be violated only;  by those who observe the seventh-day Sab-bath; all others are exempt. Great is Sun-day of the Tennesseeans ! Š Signs of the;  Times. Ł The Christian's Source of Power. IN the Missionary Review for. Janu-ary, Rev. John Rutherford, M. A., of Scotland, has an excellent article on " Ex-: amples from Modern Missionary History of the unmistakable interposition of God in answer to prayer, and in behalf of his servants and their work." Beginning with the remarkable deliver-ance of Leyden, when besieged by the Spaniards in 1574, he presents quite nu-merous instances of the remarkable inter-' position of God in answer to prayer. And, evidently, with the thought before him that the rum, opium, and slave traffic carried on by Christians in heathen lands, is among the greatest difficulties with which the missionary has to contend, he closes with this paragraph :Š Whether we are opposed by immoral legislation or the opium trade or the cruelties of slavery or of the African trade in alcohol, or by the vast force of heathenism, let our resources be the power of God made available for all the needs of his Church. Yes, in all Christian work God supplies all our need according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus. This is the expression of a faith that believes that God's own power is all-suffi-cient for his work. The sentiment of the foregoing paragraph is, when difficulties  confront the work of the Christian, in-stead of turning to human agencies for help, let him go to his God in the strong confidence of abiding faith; go, believing that God is able to carry forward his work against any form of opposition, and raise it above the greatest difficulties. The Christian believes that his God created the world, aye, the worlds, that he up-holds all things " by the word of his power," and that there is nothing too great for him to perform. Then how fool-ish it is to turn from the strength of the omnipotent God to seek help from the finite arm of man, or to cower before any of his adverse decrees. It is said of the ancient prophets that they, " through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained prom-ises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens." The God of the prophets and ancient Israel is the God of the Israel of to-day. From this principle, certainly no Christian can dissent. These thoughts are recommended to the consideration of our National Reform friends who are so loud in their demands for human laws to assist Christ in carry-ing on his work in the earth. Christianity is not dependent upon the favors of human enactments; it often shines at its brightest when its advancing columns are march-ing in the face of opposing legislation. A. 0. TAIT. THE National Reform movement of the nineteenth century is the National Reform movement of the fourth century over again. Then under stress of so-called Christian influence the State declared the principles of the Church to be those to which everything must be subordinated, and the demand is made now that the State shall do the same thing. Can we hope that the result would be different ? The demand as now formulated is that " Christian morality shall be taken as the ultimate standard of right, and that all our laws shall conform to this standard." This simply means to make the divine law, or rather that which the courts may hold or the Church decide to be the divine law, the fundamental law of the land. It would then be superior to the Constitu-tion, and human judges would administer the divine law and decree punishment for its infraction! The Church and the State would both be governed by the same law; in the Church it would be known as eccle-siastical law, in the State as civil law; but it would be the same law. This is simply what was done in the Dark Ages, and the evils of a union of Church and State are inseparable from such a system whether it be called a union ,of Church and State or only a union of religion and the State. 