70 THE AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. A Striking Contrast. WE read in the Bible that when Ezra was about to go up from Babylon to re-build the house of God at Jerusalem, he was "ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help him against the enemy in the way." His reason for such a course, he says, was because he had told the king of Babylon that his God would protect all those that trusted him. Now, Ezra and those that journeyed with him were God-fearing men, and, conscious of a mightier protection than any arm of flesh, they were ashamed to ask for human aid in such a perilous un-dertaking as this ; and we read of them that they all reached their destination and lost none of the treasures that they were carrying with them, with which to build the house of God. The candid mind can not but note a striking contrast in the course pursued by these holy men and that pursued by a body of men in our day who style them-selves National Reformers. These men tell us that it is their object to build up the Church of ChristŠthe spiritual house of God. Ezra was on his journey to build the earthly temple at Jerusalem. Ezra was ashamed to require earthly aid when he could have had it by asking for it, while the National Reformers most ear-nestly petition the civil power to aid them in building up the spiritual house of God. There must be a cause for such a difference in purpose between Ezra and these men, who claim to be the followers of the same God. It is useless to as if the hand of the Lord is " shortened that it cannot save," or "his ear heavy that it cannot hear ; " for in him, who  is "the same yesterday, to-day, and forever," there " is no vari-ableness neither shadow of turning," and there is no more restraint with him now to save by many or by few than there was in days of old. It is sadly true, that for many years past, there has been a remarkable spiritual declension in the professed churches of Jesus Christ. Honest, God-fearing men of all denominations have noted this; many have written about it, and many more have lamented such a state of luke-warmness as prevails in the Church of Christ. But they should not appeal to earthly powers for help in such a time of need. Would it honor God should those who profess :to love and serve him pros-strate themSelves before the State and beg the civil power to enforce " certain princi-ples of Christianity, which are held by alVupOn those who are careless and in-different about Ł their eternal interests ? Would it savor of the spirit of Him who said "my kingdom is not of this world ? " The,  question of religious legislation should interest' every Christian, but not in the way the National Reformers de- sire it to interest them. These men claim that it would greatly benefit the Church to "convert the State °" and have the State forward the Church in its work of saving souls; but the Saviour declares that the devil is the prince of this world, and the Apostle Paul declares, that this is the spirit that worketh in the children of disobedience. Now if the Church of Christ prostrates herself before the civil powers of this world, can she expect any .help and support from them ? It looks more like the Church becoming converted to the State than of the State being converted to the Church. In all past history of State religion, we find the Church con-formed to the world, instead of the State being "transformed." It is, indeed, high time for Christians everywhere to be aroused at the very thought of such a move being successful. If the Church seeks for secular power to support her in converting souls does she not savor of that spirit which would fast and pray for power to smite with the fist of wickedness, which God has so con-demned ? The fast that God has chosen is to "loose the bands of wickedness and let the oppressed go free." Already some have been cast into prison, for conscience' sake, because of religious legislation in our land, and if the Church would move in the council of God she would seek to let these oppressed ones go free instead of seeking to "lade men with burdens griev-ous to be borne." The God of heaven would have his fol-lowers trust him. His eternal principles of justice, love, and truth will stand on their own merits without the aid of human support or national legislation. When a church seeks the State for support, it is because she has lost the vital principles of godliness; and the fearful words uttered by God to ancient Israel is true of her: " Your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that He will not hear." " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help." S. 0. LANE. How to Preserve the Schools. THE Roman Catholic hierarchy in this country, following the orders and adhering to the policy of Rome, have undoubtedly determined to push forward a parochial school system, and propose building, sooner or later, a parochial school by the side of every Roman Catholic Church. Their success in carrying out this design depends on Protestants. If we ignore their demand for consideration, if we make the schools Protestant schools, if we consider it a sufficient ground for the exclusion of a man from the school boards, and a teacher from the working force, that he is a Roman Catholic, and insist on disre-garding Roman Catholic opinions and of-fending Roman Catholic sentiment in our  text-books, we must expect to drive the children of Roman Catholic parents out of the public school into the parochial school. They will not send their children into schools where their faith is misre-ported, and where they are forbidden rep-resentation in the teaching and the gov-ernment. If, on the contrary, we make and keep the schools public schools, if we make them so broad that no one is ex-cluded by any moderate religious preju-dices, and so thorough that no private school can compete with them, we may count on the parental instinct to support them in spite of the opposition of a hie-rarchy which objects, not to specific teach-ing, but to any teaching not under its own control. The No Popery agitators are the unconscious allies of the Papacy in its campaign against the public school system. The true defenders of that system are those who are resolved to maintain it with a curriculum which can secure the appro-bation of broad-minded men of all relig-ious faiths.ŠThe Christian Union. AFTER stating the facts in the case of R. M. King, the Tennessee farmer, ar- rested and imprisoned for Sunday labor, the Baptist Examiner says On the point of law we do not profess to speakŠthe courts will decide thatŠbut we have no hesita-tion in expressing a decided opinion as to what the law should be. If the trial Judge interpreted the law correctly, the Legislature of Tennessee should make haste to change it. Cases similar to this have occurred within recent years in Pennsylvania and other States, and in every instance they have been acts of persecution, of which every right-minded Christian man should be ashamed. Laws of this - kind are a relic of the Dark Ages, and cannot too soon be expunged from the statute book. Besides all which, the good people of Tennessee seem to be straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel in this matter. Would they not deserve more respect if they first prosecuted the officials who run needless freight trains and noisy horse cars; the men who in the cities seriously interfere with the quiet and peace of Sunday, before pouncing on peaceable farmers with all the terrors of the law ? Take a fellow of your size, State of Tennes-see; tackle the big corporations and the rich owners of factories, and first compel them to observe the law. It will be time then to turn your attention to the poor farmers, the milkmen and the barbers. Nevertheless, the Examiner does not wish to be understood as opposed to all Sunday laws. However, the logic that condemns them in one case condemns them in all, and we have no hesitation in saying that they ought to be swept from our statute books as a whole. AN exchange pertinently asks : " Where was the necessity of laboring to prove that this is a " Christian Nation," as a reason for a Sunday law, if it be only a civil rest day that is wanted ? For such a purpose what is the difference whether the nation is Christian or not ?" SUNDAY laws are both un-American and antichristianl 