28 T" E' AMERICAN SrNTINEL. this countryŠthe. Christian Common-wealth says across the Atlantic come many ominous warnings of a great struggle soon to come. The great Republic is awaking to the prospect of a battle which can in no way be decided, for it is simply a fact of inevitable destiny that the people of Amer-ica must pass through a conflict with. Rome. Rome! Name of unspeakable portent ! The very word calls up a whole panorama of lurid apocalyptic visions. For ages the wave of human energy has rolled westward. And in our day the battle-field where the crowning struggle of liberty is to be fought seems likely to be found in the Western Hemisphere. But the. Commonwealth, draws inspira-tion from a recently published,workshow-ing the "increase of Protestantism and the decline of Popery." It says The Protestant peoples are rapidly tending to out-number the Romish, and this single fact entirely settles the future outlook. As to America, when the Puritan element there is really roused the am-bitious and dogmatic Romanism which is seeking to seat itself in a dominant attitude over the grand new prerogative of nationsŠliberty for all consciencesŠwill quickly be convinced, that it is in the minority and must never hope to emerge from such a posi-tion. This faith as to the increase of Prot-estantism; is based on figures showing the increase of nominally Protestant people. But we do not forget the words of an em-inent European who said, "Protestants there are, but Protestantism is dead ; " nor the words of the late Dr. Prochnow, "The land of Luther needs again the spirit of Luther ; " nox the very recent remarks of, Mr. J. A. Froude, "That magnificent intellectual Protestantism is forever dead. The spirit that inspired Cromwell and William of Orange, oh that spirit has altogether died out." Were this not the truth, the children of 'the Reformation would do the works of the Reformation. Even the "Puritan element" which is expected to become roused in America, has been fawning upon Romanism and begging its co-operation 'in a powerful movement which is designed to amend a Constitution , now guaranteeing freedom of conscience to all, so that it shall be what is called, a "Christian Constitution," which "would disfranchise every logically consistent in-fidel;" along with whom, it is declared, the Christian observers of the seventh-day Sabbath, and the Jews would have: to be placed. To effect this revolution, the aid of the Romanists is necessary, and some time ago air article in the organ, of this "reforming" movement, the Christian Statesman said, that although they might expect some rebuffs at first; the time had come. "to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which: they may be willing to exhibit it." The same programme anticipates the introduction of 'religious instruction into the public schools. The late Catholic Con,  gress, as might be expected, has declared. in favor of both national religious legisla-tion and religious instruction in the 4991s. Of course the religion Rome will  favor, is what she callS the "true religion." And when the tiger is unchained by the removal of those Constitutional barriers which have placed matters religious where the religion of Christ places:them, outside the jurisdiction of civil, gOvernment, it will need no prophet to foresee the result. We will let the Christian commonwealth state, it :Š The 8; 000-, 000 of Papists in the United States are being drilled day and night to demand supremacy over the civil power in the all-important department of public education. Should the people of the United States yield the control of the schools to the Romish hierarchy, the death-knell of popular lib&ty would be rung. Religion and the Public Schools. THE renewal of the Blair Educational Amendment Resolution, and Sunday-Rest Bill before, the Fifty-first Congress is caus-ing many thoughtful men to reflect Se-riously as to the proper relation of the Church and the State, and religion and the public schools. The following extract from a sermon preached in Minneapolis, December 22, :by Rev. ,IVI. Shutter, and published 'in the Minneapolis Times, December 23, is— very much to the point, and is worthy of a pe-rusal. . Mr. Shutter said :Š "I take my stand upon the principle that the State has no right to teach in its public schools, or anywhere else,  the Christian religion, or any other, according to any man's interpretation, .'State has absolutely 'no authority in religiOn. It can do nothing more than protect the worshiper 4,11 his religious rights. It pro-tects hi/1'1,4'a citizen and not' as a Chris-tian, a Jew, or, a ,IdEeliannnedan. It has no right to favor or advance his views by legislation or appropriations. It , has no more right to authorize a teacher :in , its schools to give religious instruction, than it has to send missionaries to the"heathen. The State has no more right to appropri-ate a dollar to religious institutions than it has to compel a than to attend church. The State' is simply and solely secular. It is organized to help men to secure their natural and advance their temporal inter-ests. It is as distinctly secular as:a rail-road corporation, a banking . institution, or an insurance 'company: Its sphere ( is confined to this world. With the soul's hereafter it has no concern. "Are we not a ' Christian nation?' Only: in the sense that Christianity is the relig-ion adopted by the majority of our citizens for their own personal guidance and com-fort; in no other sense. `Christian na-tion' has a pious sound, and the man who uses it commonly thinks he has rolled an unmovable 'stone upon the sepUlcher of the secular State, " When we admit the doctrine of a sec-ular State, the doctrine upon which this Nation was founded, the doctrine of a sec-ular, school follows. Let. us. understand that the word godlQss! .does xiot neoe§§a- rily mean, as those.who use it would fain ,have us believe, 'ungodly.' The school may not be religious in any formal sense, and yet it need not be, and it is not .`irreligious.' A literary society does not .formally recognize God and the Bible; but it is not an ungodly or an irreligious organ-ization. It has its own peculiar purpose and. aim. Its purpose does not happen to include anything of a religious nature, but to stigmatize it for this reason as irrelig-ious and ungodly, would be the last logic of fanaticism. "Then let the Church think well of her instrumentalities, her wealth, her power, her influence. Let her quit complaining and go to work. Let her not seek to force the State to do for her that which lies in her own special province. The more the Church relies on the arm of secular power for the promotion of her interests, the more she confesses her weakness. It is a sign of degeneracy, and, not of strength. When the arm of temporal power becomes in any sensesor in any degree a substitute for the spirit of, the truth, the blight of death is upon the Church." Our Nation, built upon the platform'of a total separation between the Church and the State, has enjoyed unparalleled pros-perity in, both for more than, a century. Let the separation continue, and she may hope ,for continued progress; but let the state be called to support. the Church by civil enactments and the Church will lose her power, and the State will stain her judicial ermine. Let every American citi-zen read the history of the, results of such a union in the fourth century and take warning. R PORTER. A Correspondent who Sees the Danger. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : I must have been very slow to appreciate the 'work of the SENTINEL though I have seen it oc-casionally since its start. It seemed to me that its utterances might apply to some branches of the Church, but that my 'own particular church and 'pastor were impli-cated in a wrong movement I was slow to believe. There 'rust be thousands of can-did men in our Country who, through a settled faith in the integrity of their church,, are, like I have been, slow to realise that the original method of preach-ing the'goSpel is being departed from. Perhaps some of the ministers in the de-parture do not realize the sin of partner-ship such business, The Word tells us that, the heart' of man is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked to the extent that no one can fully know it, and if this is the case we need not be surprised at almost any, yes, any, depth of iniquity in, anyone to whom the above scripture will apply. History shows that the most gigantic systems of oppression and wrong through which "man's inhumanity to man has made countless thousands mourA!' 