588 AMERICAN SENTINEL. make any real progress toward setting up the kingdom of God. "Now, Willie," Mrs. Moore continued, "can you tell me what God's plan is for.taking people to the sky?" Willie wrinkled brow, but made no answer. "Think hard now," said Mrs. Moore, "and see if you can't tell me something about it. In the same book of the Bible that tells of the tower of Babel, it tells of some-thing else that did really reach from the earth to the sky. Don't you,re,member I read to you about it the other evening?" Willie's face brightened as MrS. Moore finished speak-ing. "Jacob's ladder!'.' he exclaimed. "Yes, that is it," said Mrs. Moore; and now can Sou tell me, Willie, what that ladder. represents?" "What does it represent, mama?" he queried, after a moment's pause. "It represents our,Sayiour, Jesus Christ, Willie; and it's the only possible connection betweenthe earth and heaven. Jacob's ladder and the tower of Babel represent the two ways,Šone God's way and the other man's:way Šof getting to the sky. Some people are trying to climb up by their good works, and others .by penance and suf-fering;, and others are planning to vote and legislate themselves into the skies; but the only way that any-body will ever get there is by Jacob's ladder, But I must go now and look after the dinner. I'll tell you more,  about this another time." -b- -4 4 The Value of Principle. ONE of the very first and often the hardest lesson for young people just entering the busy scenes of active life to learn is that life is not what they had pictured it to be; they awake to find that the dream is only a. dream ; they discOver that their pathway is beset with difficulties almost insurmountable, perplexities endless and disap: pointments without number; their brightest hopes are dashed to the ground; heartstrings are bleeding and torn, and tears unbidden flow freely. Their loftiest as-pirations, holiest ambitions and purest desires meet with rebuff when an attempt is made to carry them out, and they are led to reflect, "What is there of life that is worth living?" But after all, life is much as we make it. Ł Every man and every woman has_a mission to perform that no other individual can accomplish for them. It is to de-velop a character and in this work they are not left in the,dark. There is a perfect Pattern for our exampleŠa rule of action to govern all our conduct. All the tend_ encyof life as we mingle with the world is to deviate from this standard, and right here comes in the value of principleŠdoing right because it is right, no matter what the consequences may be. So many nowadays are policy . people,Šlet others be their conscience, and are thus led, rom the path of rectitude. Daniel was a man of princi- ple. With him duty stood above position and even life itself. In these days, as never before, our young just enter-ing on the stage of action should study to knOW the right, and then fearlessly follow it, though the heaVens fall. This cannot be done in the strength of man alone, but He who conquered all has said. "I will strengthen thee with all might." Will we let him?' w. E. C. John Bunyan and Religious Liberty. THERE are few people who have not read "Pilgrim's Progress," by John Bunyan. He was a wonderful man in many respects, as those who have read the history of his life know. He was brought up to attend the National Church of England. When he grew to manhood. the dis- sented and united with the Baptists, and became a popu-lar lay preacher. During this time, a civil law was en- acted demanding that all, without regard to distinction or religious conviction, should attend the National Church, and this he refused to do, but continued preach- ing, and for these two reasons was cast into Bedford jail, where he was kept for twelve years. So good a man as he naturally had many friends who did all they could to liberate him, but as the law hnd to be obeyed(?), and as he would not comply with its condi-tions, nothing could be d6ne for him.,, On one occasion, the justices sent their clerk to admonish him and demand his submission, when the following conversation took place:Š "Clerk.ŠI came to tell you-that it is desired that you would submit yourself to the laws of 'the land, or during the next session it will go worse with you. "Bunyan.ŠI desire to demean myself in the world both, as becometh a man and a Christian. "Clerk.ŠYou must leave off those meetings you were wont to have, for the statute is directly against it. "Bunyan.ŠThe law by which I am in prison neither reaches me nor my meetings, being directed against those who meet for wicked and treasonable purposes. "Clerk.ŠAre you willing to stand in the judgment of the church? "Bunya,n.ŠYes, sir, to.the approbation of the church of God ; the church's judgment is best expressed in Scripture. "Clerk.ŠYou know that the Scripture saith, `The power's that be are ordained of God.' "Bunyan.ŠYes; and that I am to submit to the king as supreme, and also to the governors as to them that are sent by him. "Clerk.ŠWell, then, the -king commands you that.you have no private meetings, because it is against his law; and he is ordained of God, therefore you shoUld not have any meetings;  "Bunyan.ŠPaul owned the powers that were in his day to be of God, and yet be was often in prison under them for all that. And also, though Jesus Christ told Pilate that he had no power against him but of God, yet he died under the same Pilate; and yet I hope you will not say that either Paul, or Christ did-deny magistracy, 