326 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Wherever there is emulation, there is the papacy; and wherever the papacy is, there is every evil work. The Spirit of God casts out the papacy from the individual human heart by producing meekness, faith, goodness. He who knows that from self only evil can come, and that all good things come only from the Spirit, is made humble by that very knowledge. Knowing that he is nothing, he gives place to the Spirit, and the fruits of the Spirit grow in him. Such an one is truly happy, because he is through the Spirit, "perfect and entire, lacking nothing." Loyalty to Government and to God. CIVIL government is necessary to the well being of social, moral beings in alienation from God. God had so constituted man that he naturally seeks civil society. It is thus that the Creator has ordained "the powers that be." It is thus also that governments derive "their just powers from the consent of the governed." All usurpation is sin, for it is theft, and God ordains no sin. But in making man such a being that he naturally organizes civil society, God has not made him in any sense independent of Himself. No man is so high and none so low that he is free from the claims of the divine law. In no way can the individual escape this responsi-bility. He cannot organize a government, a society, a state, with power to release him from moral obligation. No created thing, much less something of man's creation, can in anywise rise superior to the divine law and abro-gate or suspend it in any degree. That which is wrong in itself, that which is forbidden by the divine law, cannot become right simply because it is permitted, or even be-cause it may be commanded by government. Nothing can be right because done by several millions of men that would not be right if done under similar circumstances by a single man. God holds not the government, the state, responsible for violation of his law, but the indi-vidual. As Lowell has expressed it:Š " If you take a sword and dror it, And go stick a feller thron', Gov'ment aint to answer for it; God '11 send the bill to you." Therefore, no man can be guiltless in taking human life simply because he does so in battle, in company with ten thousand others, unless he would be equally guiltless if God, thetenemy he slays, and himself were the only parties concerned. There never have been and there never can be men enough in this world to abrogate or even to sus-pend one jot or one tittle of the law of God. The foregoing being true, it is evident that no human law can alter in any degree the divine law, and the man who would be loyal to God must own only a qualified loyalty to any human government upon earth. He can never say: "My country; may she ever be right; but mycountry right or wrong." He can say, May my country ever be right; he may pray and ought to pray for his country and its rulers, but he can give unqualified allegiance only  to the Ruler of the universe, to the law of the Lord which "is perfect, converting the soul." Good men have in all ages recognized this principle and been obedient to it.' The three Hebrews, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, though subjects of the king of Babylon and standing high in official position, doubtless under some form of oath binding them to allegiance to their monarch, held the law of their God as superior to the decree of the king, and their deliverance from the burning, fiery furnace proves beyond the shadow of a doubt that Jehovah approved their course. Daniel, prime minister of the empire, utterly disre-garded the law which forbade his accustomed devotions; and when, after having passed a night in the den of lions into which he was cast for his disobedience, the king asked after his welfare, the prophet with holy boldness answered, "0 king, live forever; My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, 0 king, have I done no hurt." The man who is indeed loyal to God can always truly say to any civil ruler, "Before thee have I done no hurt;" but neither will he do any hurt nor neglect to do any good in obedience to any command of any man or of any gov-ernment. This was true in Old Testament times; it is equally true in New Testament times as is proven by the words of the apostle in Acts 5:29: "We ought to obey God rather than men." These truths may not be palatable in these days when the war spirit fills men's hearts and occupies their thoughts, too often to the exclusion of the consideration of eternal interests. But truth does not cease to be truth because it is unwelcome, nor does responsibility to receive and obey truth begin only when it is gladly received. Man's unbelief makes neither the promise nor the law of God of none effect. God cannot deny himself. Let us, then, "Hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man. For God will bring every work into judg-ment, with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil." Eccl. 12:13,14. C. P. B. National Christianity. THE Reform Press, of Pueblo, Col., recently touched on the idea of national Christianity, as follows:Š "There is not a Christian nation in the world today. A Christian nation would be a nation composed mainly of Christian people and conducted on Christian principles. Such a nation is not to be found on the face of the earth. There are some nations which have a measure of civiliza-tion, for which we thank God. But such a thing as a Christian nation does not exist now and never has 'in the past." This is quoted in a Nebraska journal, the Central City Democrat, with the following pertinent comments:Š "And yet we have been told that all civilized nations 