X76 _A.1'0E18:41E1 VOL. II, LNO. 00. ment's candid reflection shows that the parallel does not hold good. In the first place, the Christian is not an ambassador for Christ to any government on earth, but only to individuals. He is sent to beseech individuals, not governments, to be-come reconciled to God. 2 Cor. 5: 20. His mission is not to induce men to transfer their allegiance from civil government to God, who has himself ordained it, but to renounce the service of Satan, the god of this world, and to give their allegiance to the God of heaven. Secondly, the parallel destroys itself. For it is the whole business of the Christian as such to persuade those whom he meets to be-come subjects of another government, that is, the kingdom of Christ. What would be thought of the conduct of an ambassador to this country who would devote his time to the work of persuading Americans to become subjects of the government which he repre-sented? It would certainly be deemed a most outrageous interference in our civil affairs. The Christian, from the standpoint of those who make use of this parallel, is required to violate in the most flagrant manner the prin-ciple which debars the ambassador of one gov-ernment from meddling in the internal affairs of another. All Christians know that Christianity is not against the interests of any good government, but for those interests. The conversion of an individual to Christianity does not in the least interfere with his performance of those duties which spring from the relationships of civil society. The more real Christians any country has in it the better for that country. The stigma of working against the interests of civil government does not rest upon the Christian ambassador. The sphere of civil government is entirely distinct from that of Christianity; action in one , of these does not in the least interfere with action in the other. Hence renunciation of the duties and princi-ples which relate to one is not demanded by participation in the affairs of the other. s. THE EASTERN FERMENT. [New York Journal, August 28, 1896.] ZANZIBAR and Constantinople are some distance apart, but fighting in both places on the same day helps to show how comprehen-sive the Eastern question is, and how full of sinister possibilities. Indeed, it is no longer the Eastern question, but the world question Šat least the question of the Old World. It cannot be localized now at one end of the Mediterranean, as it could forty years ago. While there are riots in Constantinople, revolutions in Macedonia, Crete, and the Leb-anon, and massacres in Armenia, there is a war of diplomacy in Egypt which shades into a war of troupe in the Soudan. This carries us to the regions of the Abyssinian armed truce and the rival expeditions of the French and the Congo State. Then we find ourselves at the scene of the Uganda dispute, which is closely connected with the disturbed politics of Zanzibar. This takes us by insensible de-grees to the theater of the Matabele war and the Transvaal crisis. Again, starting eastward from the storm center on the Bosphorus, through Persia, Afghanistan, Turkestan, and China, we find one diplomatic entanglement linked with another until the rising power of Japan comes into view, and the Eastern question is merged into the question of the Far East. Yesterday's affair in Constantinople was  like some of the " race wars" that used to flourish in the South. "July 1. A horde of infuriated negroes is advancing upon the town, with the supposed intention of massa-cring all the white inhabitants. The whites are arming in self-defense." " July 2. The riotous negroes were attacked in their cabins yesterday and routed. Fifteen of them were killed. No white men were injured." The Armenian riots were supposed to have been begun by Armenian revolutionists. The re-sult was that several hundred of these danger-ous Armenians were killed. Later accounts may make the number some thousands. It is a pity that it took some bloodshed to convince the natives of Zanzibar that they were really British subjects. Ever since the partition of 1890, by which England and Germany agreed to help each other to the territories of the Sultan of Zanzibar, it has been generally understood that England would take the island whenever she got ready. Its government has been administered by British officials for the past five years. There is a little coy hesitation in London about pro-claiming a formal annexation, but this mod-esty will doubtless be overcome, and it is well that it should be. The Sultanate of Zanzibar has been a nest of slave trading whose sup-pression would end more human misery than anything else except the destruction of the Turkish Empire. And that may not be long delayed either. WHAT IS THE STATE? BY J. 0. CORLISS. IT is admitted by all Christians that civil government is ordained of God, for this is plainly stated by the Scriptures. Rom. 13: 1. But for what purpose? To rule in re-ligious matters? If so, then what need of the Church? Why not let the State be the Church, and have all the gospel ordinances administered by government officers? In that case, each government officer would, of course, be inducted into office by prayer and imposi-tion of hands, in the same way as officers of the church. It may be objected that such an extreme would not be admissible, because it would necessarily degrade Christian ordi-nances to the level of secular matters. True enough; but if civil government is ordained of God, to regulate, in any degree, matters of religion, who shall say where its powers must end ? Did not the Apostle Paul exhort the Roman Christians to be subject to the "powers that be," fdr conscience' sake? Yet the very work of preaching the gospel, in which that apostle was engaged, was opposed to the re-ligion and laws of the Roman Government. The religion of Rome, at that time, was pagan, and was controlled by the State. The religion Paul preached was Christianity, to which Rome was uncompromisingly opposed. Neander, in his Church History, quotes the following from Cicero, as one of Rome's fun-damental maxims of legislation :Š No man shall have, for himself particularly, gods of his own. No man shall worship, by himself, any new or foreign gods, unless they are recognized by the public laws.ŠVol. I, pp. 86, 87, Torrey's Trans-lation, 1852. And yet in the face of law so stringently opposed to Christianity, the apostle exhorted the subjects of Rome, who professed Chris-tianity, to be subject to the "powers that be," calling them the " higher powers," and de-claring that they were " ordained of God." Now, if that government was ordained of  God, to enforce such laws as it did against Christianity, then how manifestly wrong was it for the Apostle Paul to preach a religion in Rome, which was diametrically opposed to the laws of Rome! Looking at the matter in this light, Nero did the work of a minister of God in executing wrath upon the Christians for not conforming to the laws of the country, which commanded all to " worship the gods in all respects, according to the laws of your country, and compel all others to do the same; but hate and punish those who would intro-duce anything whatever, alien to our customs in this particular." This was Roman law. Yet Paul himself, as well as the other apostles, practiced that which was plainly in violation of that statute, and suffered death in consequence. They justified themselves, too, in the course they pursued, by asserting that the law of God had higher claims on them than the laws of earthly governments. At one time, when Peter and John had been preaching the gospel contrary to the law under which they lived, they were threatened by the authorities for so doing, and were commanded to desist from such a course. They simply replied, "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." Acts 4: 19. That all might know how they regarded the authority of the civil power in religious matters, they still kept on preaching Christ; but were again appre-hended and brought before the council. They were then reminded of the caution given them a short time before, but the apostles quietly said, " We ought to obey God rather than man." Acts 5: 29. These answers of the apostles plainly show the position they oc-cupied, relative to this matter. They did not have the faintest idea that the State had the least authority in matters of religion. More than that; their words plainly teach that human laws are utterly incapable of meeting the requirements of the individual conscience, and are therefore inadequate to regulate matters of personal faith toward God. Why, then, were those injunctions regard-ing the "powers that be," given by the Apos-tle Paul to the Roman Christians? Manifestly to teach them that their relation to Chris-tianity in no way absolved them from their duty as citizens, to the government under which they lived. Although they had come to recognize the King of heaven as their spir-itual Ruler, they were not to forget that civil governments have a part to act, in procuring peace and protection to the honest and indus-trious, and, for that purpose, were ordained of God. And, although the king of the country in which they lived, was a wicked heathen, they would not be justified in refusing to obey his laws, which imposed taxes to maintain peace and public order. So long as those laws did not contravene that law which is above allŠthe law of GodŠthey were enjoined to observe them, as duties toward their fellowmen, which were covered by the law of their heavenly King. Civil government, then, is ordained of God, for the sole purpose of regulating affairs be-tween man and his fellowman. This is as true of a heathen as of a Christian power, as seen from the fact that Paul made such a statement and applied it to the Roman gov-ernment, when it was intensely pagan, and even when it was ruled by Nero. But, ad-mitting this, it does not follow that God or-dains each statute enacted by civil govern-ments, or any of the statutes thus enacted. To say that every civil magistrate holds office by divine authority, and has, therefore, a 