318 VOL. 9, No. 40. apparent simplicity which looks a good deal like guile, that "if the teachers in these schools season their instruction to a certain extent with religion, the State is not asked to pay for such seasoning. [The italics are ours.] Let the State, through its school inspectors, watch the teaching, and see that as secular teaching it is worth its pay." As a specimen of Jesuitical casuistry this statement could hardly be surpassed. Aside from this, we have two things to say about the proposed plan. In the first place, the proposition to pay for each scholar passing the required ex- amination in the parochial schools, sup- posing they were fully up to the standard, the same amount as the cost of similar instruction in the public schools would be unfair, because it would involve the pay-ment of a good deal more than the instruc- tion in the Catholic schools would cost. We once heard a Roman Catholic city councilman protest vigorously against the regular appropriation for the public schools of his city on the ground that they cost far too much for teachers' salaries. " Why," he said, " we don't pay any such salaries in our church schools. Our priests and ' brothers ' and nuns do the teaching, and, not having any families to support, do not need such high salaries." As the teaching in the Catholic parochial schools is almost exclusively done by the " relig-ious," this statement is of general appli-cation. If, then, the cost of the secular instruction, "seasoned to a certain extent with religion," would be considerably less than the pro rata allowance provided for, where would the surplus go ? To ask the question is to answer it. Thus the State would be contributing indirectly to the support of the Roman Catholic Church, to say nothing of the direct support given through the neat little plan for helping it by seasoning the secular with religiousŠthat is, sectarianŠinstruction. But there is another cogent objection. What safeguard would there be against the appointment of incompetent or pliant inspectors to examine these parochial schools ? The Roman Catholic Church has not been unduly modest in the past in seeking favors from the State, or in using its immense influence to force compliance with its desires. It would not be found a task beyond its power, we fear, to procure the appointment of its own tools to do the inspecting. Nor, if experience teaches true, would there be any hesitancy in submitting false reports as the basis for a claim for compensation. Is this a harsh statement ? Take an illustration: At Bar madillo, New Mexico, there was (and we presume still is) a Roman Catholic board-ing school, ostensibly for Indian girls, carried on by the Sisters of Loretto, but until recently supported out of the national treasury ag,A "contract school"Šthe con-tract being that compensation should be allowed only for Indian girls taught in the school. It became known at the Indian Bureau that the reports of attendance were untrustworthy, and an Indian school supervisor was sent to inquire into the matter. He found that a considerable number of the pupils seemed to be Mexi-cans. The teachers, on being questioned, insisted that the girls were Indians, but careful investigation showed that, out of a total of seventy enrolled as Indians, forty-two were pure-blooded Mexicans, but credited to various Indian tribes in order to cover up the deception. Now we do not mean to say that similar deception would be practised in every case;  but the  example shows what has been done, and what may be done again, to secure Govern-ment aid for sectarian schools. There is no just ground for the diversion of the public school funds to the support of parochial schools of any kind. All schemes to accomplish that end are equally objectionable, and should be met by a stern and unwavering refusal. Our public schools should be strenuously guarded against "entangling alliances" with sec-tarian schools. The plan of Dr. Walsh, so far from being one which "cannot but receive the commendation of Protestants and Catholics alike" must be regarded as only the old wedge, slightly changed in form, for rending asunder and destroying our admirable system of free schools; and this we beg to say, cannot receive the commendation of Protestants.ŠExaminer ( Baptist). Manipulating Sunday Laws. THE Episcopal Recorder for Aug. 17, says :Š Do the managers of the Chicago Fair really desire it closed on Sunday? Legal measures are generally so easily evaded, when there is a united desire to do so, that were we not assured that the opening of" the show on Sunday is attended with financial loss, we should very positively question the sincerity of the Board. That body has shown itself so tricky in its past dealing with the whole question, that it has no reason to complain if its straightforward-ness should now be called in question. More espe-cially is this the case, as we know that some of its members still adhere to their desire to keep it open. That it is still open remains a fact which may yet deter some from visiting the Fair, though there is so large an increase in the attendance upon week days. Inadvertently, the Recorder here touches the truth which condemns all appeal to the civil law in behalf of Sunday observ-ance. No good can come to any religious question or institution when it becomes so associated with civil law that it is made the football of politics, commercial inter-ests, party ends, and personal ambition. The interference of the civil law in such cases is forbidden by the spirit and pur-pose of Christianity. When Christians appeal to the law they destroy reliance on God. However they may talk, all history shows that religious conscience recedes, withers, and dies, under such appeal. The only permanent good which has come to the Sabbath question by all the struggle over the opening of the Fair is the failure of the civil law to accomplish its purpose. Sunday legislation has received its death-blow at the hands of its friends.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Not Quite Correct. THE Sunday-school Times, one of our ablest religious journals, of Sept. 2, 1893, in " Notes and Open Letters," frankly says:Š Many Christians who observe their Sabbath on Sunday point to the fact that there is no warrant for this usage of terms in the New Testament record. Throughout the New Testament Scriptures, whose last book was written at least fifty years after the resurrection, there is not a solitary place where the name " Sabbath " is applied to the first day of the week, which the Church was already observing for its gatherings for worship. On the other hand, the term " Sabbath " is given to the seventh day four times in the Acts (13:42; 16:13; 17: 2; 18:4), and once in the epistles (Col. 2:19). " The Lord's day " (Rev. 1 :10) is an uncertain name for.it; "the first day of the week" is that used almost or quite universally. ,As regards the point that the term " Sabbath " is never applied to the first day of the week the above is absolutely  true. But there are mistakes in the quo-tation which may be worthy of mention. 1. The Sabbath is mentioned, and applies to the seventh day, eight times in the Acts, besides the use of the term in Acts 1 :12. The other four references besides .those mentioned above are Acts 13:14, 27, 44; 15:21. 2. The term " sabbaths " in Col. 2: 16 does not refer to the weekly Sabbath, but to those sabbaths which are a shadow of things to come, of which the body was Christ. There is nothing shad-owy in the weekly Sabbath, but there was in the yearly sabbaths and feast days. See Lev. 23. 3. The Church was not ob-serving at that time the first day of the week "for its gatherings for worship," any more than it was any other week day. They met daily (Acts 2:46). It might be well to remark that the Lord's day, ac-cording to the Scripture, is the seventh day, the only day which the Lord by in-spiration has claimed as his. Ex. 20:11; Isa. 58:13; Mark 2:27. The Sunday-school Times is another -witness for the Sabbath of the Lord.ŠSigns of the Times. "Christians" Fawn' Upon a High Priest of Paganism. AN incident of the Congress of Reli-gions is thus related by the Chicago Inter-Ocean:Š Four thousand people were packed into Colum-bus Hall yesterday afternoon when Dr. Barrows read an exposition of Shintoism by Reuchi Shibata, high priest of the Shinto religion of Japan. The distinguished stranger, clothed in light silken robes of the flowery kingdom, and wearing his high, priestly cap stood by his side. With each successive outburst of applause he made a light bow and then resumed his statue-like attitude with his eyes fixed on the floor. When Dr. Barrows had finished reading the paper a remarkable scene occurred. A wave of ap-plause for the high priest broke forth all over the house. The great audience stood up and cheered and waved their handkerchiefs. The distinguished men and women on the platform gathered round Mr. Shibata, and shook his hand, while he bowed right and left. Women from the audience climbed over chairs and tables to pay their compliments to the distinguished Oriental. He was almost swept off his feet in a whirlwind of enthusiasim. Then a loud cheer rent the air and there was a mad rush for the platform. The surging mass was kept back only by the strong lungs of Secretary Piper who said the stage would break down. The excitement was caused by the high priest in a spirit of true reciprocity enililtracing a couple of the ladies. It was over in a moment but in that moment they had felt on their cheeks the kiss of the high priest of Shintoism. The little breach of etiquette was heartily forgiven. It was the appli-cation of the Eastern custom and those who wit-nessed it say that the ladies themselves were not displeased with the pleasant little incident. Mr. Shibata was the hero of the moment. Comment is quite unnecessary. Every man who conducts himself with becoming dignity is entitled to a respectful hearing, and to courteous treatment wherever he may be, especially in a "Christian" land, but such a scene testifies more forcibly than any words could the utter lack on the part of the actors in it of any just ap-preciation of the real nature of Christian-ity and of the responsibility resting upon those who take it upon themselves to rep-resent that religion before the world. FORCE has never secured true followers of the church, and law never made morals. True reforms have come from a power in the reform itself that secured conviction in its justice and necessity, of which this Sunday closing movement seems entirely lacking. In the building of one good, care should be taken that others are not torn_ down.ŠSummerville News. 