1.62 VoL. 9, No. 21. cross, is made to do penance. Here are the words:Š The pardon granted to the penitent thief in the saving words " Amen, ,I say to thee, this day thou shalt be with me in Paradise " (St. Luke 23:43), cannot be taken as proof that we are dispensed by God from doing works of penance. That was a wonderful and special grace granted under extraordinary circum-stances ; namely, when the blood of redemption was actually being shed upon the cross; moreover, the dying thief, besides bearing testimony to the divinity of Jesus Christ, confessed his guilt, and, in the spirit of penance, suffered the torment of his crucifixion, and the cruel breaking of his limbs, as penalties justly due to his sins.ŠId, p. 193. ALL this doctrine that men must punish themselves to save themselves from them-selves springs from the utterly false, even heathenish, idea that God is harsh, stern, forbidding, and exacting, instead of gentle, loving, winning, and merciful. It looks upon him as so ill-tempered and stern that he has to be " moved " by men's doing so well that they get him into a good humor, and by punishment making themselves such pitiable objects that he can finally be persuaded by the pope, or somebody else, to yield and " save" them. And here is that thought authoritatively expressed We stand in continual need of actual graces to per-form good acts, both before and after being justified. . . . The good acts, however, done by the help of grace before justification, are not, strictly speaking, meritorious, but serve to smooth the way to justifica-tion, to move God.ŠId. pp. 76, 77. Thus by her own showing, the god of the papacy is of such a disposition and character that it is necessary for men, wicked men, to do " good acts " in order to move him; and then, after they have thus moved him, it is still essential that they shall pay "a debt of temporal pun-ishment" in order to induce him to allow them the justification which they have so hardly earned. To such a god as that it is no wonder that the Inquisition is the most pleasing tribute. BUT such is not the God of the Bible. Such is not the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Such is not his way of justifying men. Such is not his way of of salvation. Here is his own announce-ment of his name, which is simply the proclamation of his character and his disposition toward all mankind : " I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the Lord before thee. . . Ł And the Lord passed by before him and proclaimed : The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin." This is the true God. " Merciful "Šfull of the disposition to treat people better, than they deserve. Mercy is not to treat people as they de-serve. It is not merely to treat people better than they deserve, in an outward way. It is not to wait till one is "moved" by good deeds and punishments to grant what has been thus already earned. No, no. It is the disposition, the very heart's core of the being, to treat all persons better than they deserve. This is the Lord, the true God. "He doth not afflict from the heart, nor grieve the children of men." Lam. 3: 33, margin. "He hath not dealt with us after our sins; nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. For ,as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us. Like as a father pitieth his children,  so the Lord pitieth them that fear him. For he knoweth our frame; he remember-eth that we are dust." Ps. 103 : 10-14. His mercy is great above the greatness of the heavens. Ps. 108:4. " Gracious "Šextending favor. And that without measure; for it is written: " Unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ." Eph. 4:7. And the measure of the gift of Christ, is but the measure of "all the fullness of the godhead bodily." And this is the measure of the full and free favor that God has extended to every soul on this earth, just where he is and just as he is. And this boundless grace to every one, brings salvation to every one in the same measure as is given the grace, which is the measure of the gift of Christ. For again it is written: " The grace of God which bringeth salvation, bath appeared to all men." Titus 2 : 11. As the grace, the favor, of God is full and free to every one; and as this grace brings salvation; so the salvation of God is a full and free gift to every one. Though it is freely given, he will compel no one to take it. As it is freely given, it must be freely received. And the receiving of the free gift of God is the exercise of the faith which he has also freely given to every man. " For by grace are ye saved, through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God." Eph. 2:8. "There-fore it is of faith, that it might be by grace, to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed." Rom. 4 : 16. THIS is God's way of justification: by grace, through faith; and of faith that it might be by grace. Being justified freely by his grace, through the redemp-tion that is in Christ Jesus : whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteous-ness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God." Rom. 3: 24, 25. Justification is the free gift of God through the righteousness of Jesus Christ who is altogether the free gift of God. For " as by the offense of one, judgment came upon all men to con-demnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men to justification of life." Rom. 5: 18. And the receiving of this gift of justification, this gift of righteousness, as the free gift of God which it is,'this is the exercise of the faith which God has given. And this is justification, this is righteousness, by faith. " Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe : for there is no differ-ence." Rom. 3 : 22. The faith being the gift of God, the righteousness which it brings and which is wrought by it is the righteousness of God. And this is right-eousness, justification, by faith alone of which by her own boast the Catholic Church knows nothing; and'', in so boast-ing advertises her utter lacklof Christian-ity, TRUE, men are to repent, and they will repent when they find God as he is in truth, as he is revealed in Jesus Christ. For " it is the goodness of God" that leads men to repentance; and repentance itself is the gift of God. Rom. 2: 4 ; Acts 5 : 31. True repentance being the gift of God, is perfect in itself, and needs no punishing of ourselves to compensate for the imper-fection in it. But when the repentance is of ourselves, it has no merit that can bring to us any good, and all the punish- ment of ourselves that could ever be in-flicted by ourselves or in ten thousand purgatories never could compensate for the imperfection of it. For it is simply impossible for any man to save himself by punishment or in any other way. THE salvation, the justification, offered to mankind by Christianity is altogether of God by faith. The salvation, the justi-fication, offered to mankind by the papacy is altogether of self by penance. The sal-vation offered by Christiantity saves to the uttermost all who will receive it. The salvation offered by the papacy brings to utter destruction all who follow after it. And yet the professed Protestantism of to-day recognizes " Christianity " in the papacy ! Than this, nothing could possibly show more plainly how completely apostate such Protestantism is, not only from true Protestantism, but also from true Christianity. A. T. J. The A. P. A. and Parochial Schools. SOME months since in pointing out what seemed to him to be dangerous features in the American Protective Association, the writer said :Š " The Catholics, plotting to secure public money for the support of their denominational schools, are a menace to our free institutions. But is it any better for the A. P. A. to invoke the power of the State to compel the Catholics to educate their children in the State secular schools instead of in the parochial reli-gious schools ?" And again : " The A. P. A. scheme, which proposes to subordinate the Church to the State, would make it possible for the State to forbid the individual to render to God the things due him. The Catholic regards it as a religious dutyŠa service due to GodŠto educate his child in the parochial school ; the A. P . A. would have the State say : You shall not educate your child in this way, but you shall send him to the public school in order that the State may have his first and best affections, and the Church and Him whom the Church represents, the second place in his heart." Our conclusion was: "The A. P. A. should see to it that in its efforts to preserve civil and religious liberty, it does not destroy both," For these utterances the writer was taken severely to task by certain corres-pondents who denied that the A. P. A. advocated any such scheme, and who as-serted that so far as the A. P. A. was concerned the papist might educate his child where he pleased; and we were challenged to either retract the offensive statement or else furnish proof to sustain it. The former we would not do because we believed our statement true; the latter we could not do because the A. P. A. being a secret organization it is difficult to prove just what its purposes are. Moreover, while having seen from A. P. A. sources, declarations which to our mind fully jus-tified our statement, we could not at the time lay our hands upon them. But re-cently there has come to hand an article which was first published in the New Era, an A. P. A. paper, and subsequently re-' published, without comment, in the Amer-ican Standard (May 5, 1894), another A. P. A. organ, which fully justifies all that we said, and shows that zeal for a good cause (the preservation of American insti-tutions) is leading the A. P. A., or at least certain A. P. A. papers, into the advocacy of principles as utterly ruinous to both civil and religious liberty as are the principles of the papacy itself. The article in question is as follows, the italics only being introduced to call attention to the salient points :Š American Logic. The handful of Italians who are running the papacy, have shown great skill in prolonging the contest, and 