502 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Christian Endeavor Convention of '97. BY BAXTER L. HOWE. ON the title page of the official programme of the 16th annual convention of Christian Endeavor, appear the ollowing words of explanation and caution:Š " Since this is an international as well as an intersec-tional and interdenominational convention, it is con fident-ly expected that no speaker will transgress the rules of Christian courtesy or will give cause for offense to delegates of other nations, other sections, other creeds, and other races'than his own. ŁNevertheless it is manifestly impos-sible for the convention or for the Endeavor cause to be responsible for every utterance of every speaker among the hundreds who will have part, and it disclaims all such responsibility. It is also believed with equal confi-dence that no auditor will take offense where offense is not intended, but that all will exercise the charity which `is not easily provoked' and which 'thinketh no evil,' and in all matters throughout the convention, will man-ifest the true spirit of Christian Endeavor." These words contain the principle of the Golden Rule and should be borne in mind by all who speak or write concerning the work of the convention or those who took part in its deliberations. The convention was opened by the president, Francis E. Clark. Rolla V. Watt extended a welcome to the del-egation from abroad, and assured them that here (in California) bigotry was confined to a few narrow minds. "Here all men are allowed to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences." We would to God that this was true of every State and government repre-sented by the thousands who came to San Francisco to attend this convention. With a much stronger desire we wish that we might see this principle of "allowing every one to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science" welling forth from the hearts of these earnest, enthusiastic Endeavorers. All the provisions made for places of meeting were used; and the second night an overflow meeting for about two thousand people was held in the street. Many of the speakers seemed to realize the need of earnest Christian work for backsliders and sinners, and appealed to all Christians to let the work of God, take deep and fast hold of the individual heart and then carry the same blessed truth to friend and neighbor. Said one speaker: "Men will not be saved by legislation, but by thorough consecration and true Christian Endeavor on the part of the church." Another class of equally earnest and influential speakers also see the need of reform, but see no difference between the manner in which the simple Man of Nazareth advanced the kingdom of God in the earth, and the prim- aries, caucuses and polls of to-day. By this element much is made of earthly governments and our relation to them as Christians. One speaker, in dwelling upon this sub-ject, said: "Our Christianity is identical with our citizen-ship. The best American citizen is the best Christian, and  the best Christian is the most loyal American." Some of these men plead eloquently for a church party that will mass the church vote for men who will pledge themselves to the principles of the church. While there was an apparent union of purpose, and a determined loyalty to the Endeavor Union, these two ideas of reform were very noticeable throughout the con-vention. What the enemy of all true Christian endeavor is seeking to, do is to draw all these earnest souls, who are striking at the evil where God is seeking to destroy it (in the individual heart), into the scheme of saving the world by nations. If the great Union is deceived into massing its thousands to save the world by the civil law, the Christian Endeavor Association will go down in ignominious ruin. Christ is the head of the church, and he has, by the right hand of God, been exalted far above all principality and power and might and dominion, and every name that is named not only in this world, but also in that which is to come . . . and has been made head over all things to the church. Then if the church wants any help where must she go? To the highest powerŠthe HeadŠmost certainly. May God give those who see the enemy advancing to overthrow a work that was started and has been carried forward in good faith, the grace to "Cry aloud and spare not" and show God's people their trans-gressions. Our citizenship is in heaven from whence we look for our Lord. We are ambassadors for God. We are strang-ers and pilgrims on the earth. We are in the world, but not of the world. In the opening of the convention, while the leader smote four times with the Carey hammer upon the desk, the thousands present pledged themselves to take the world for Christ, the nation for Christ, the family for Christ, and themselves for Christ. When Christ would save the world he first "emptied himself," became a little child, lived the Christ life in the family, and want forth to live, suffer, and die for the world. Sacramento, Cal. Not Based on the Law of God. IT is a common idea that certain human laws are based upon the law of God. For example, it is frequently asserted that the common statute against "Sabbath desecration" is based upon the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. There is an assumption in this which is but little, if anything, short of blasphemy. Does man's law rise higher than the law of God? Is the divine law a mere underlying principle upon which man needs to rear the superstructure of thought and expression which will apply it to human affairs? To affirm such an idea would be to deny that God has the attributes of deity. No; the law of God is as high as heaven itself and cannot be made a basis of anything by finite man. Moreover, it 