MARCH 156  1894. .A.ML.P.,IELII C.A. INT 87 works, viz., by doing the same things on every day of the week, and this is a right that none can be justly deprived of by any human opinion or enactment. So that, if a man be fined, imprisoned, har-assed, or afflicted, because he works on every day of the week alike, it is, most certainly, religious persecution for con-science' sake: just, forsooth, because he differed from the majority. Then, most evidently, the enforcement of Sunday *law is persecution. J. W. HANNER. Madisonville, Ky. Persecution in Georgia. [The Cottage Pulpit, of Nashville, Tennessee, makes this editorial mention of the cases of Messrs. Me-Cutehen and Keck who are awaiting retrial in May, under the Georgia statute forbidding Sunday labor.] WE are sorry to learn that the two Seventh-day Adventists who were arrested and fined, and we believe imprisoned, in the town of Gainesville, Ga , some months ago for doing work on Sunday, after faith-fully observing the Sabbath of the Bible, are still suffering under the ban of Georgia law for their devotion to the law of God, and likely to be yet more roughly handled for their " crime " by the higher courts under the Blue Law code of that " Chris-tian commonwealth." It is lamentable to think that the moral sentiment of this enlightened age is not powerful enough to overawe such disgraceful proceedings, and have this and all similar clear-cut cases of religious persecution thrown out of court, as perversions of the laws them-selves under which the pretended offenders were indicted, since it could never have been the intent of a "Christian legisla-ture" to make criminals of Christians whose only offense is that they have liter-ally followed the example of the Lord, who worked on the first day of the week and rested on. the seventh !Šthat they are in this Sabbath doctrine at least true to the Bible and their faith as a body of Christians ! That be the work of jesuitical Rome, and not of Protestant America! Will our Georgia friends allow us to commend to their attentionŠand adoption of its patriotic sentiments and spirit if still worthy of the honor of being descended from an Oglethorpe and his revolutionary compatriotsŠthe annexed extract from an old letter ? The signature is familiar, and its genuineness is indisputable :Š " If I had the least idea of any difficulty resulting from the Constitution adopted by the convention of which I had the honor to be president when it was formed so as to endanger the rights of any reli-gious denomination, then I never should have attached my name to that instru-ment. If I had any idea that the general Government was so administered that lib-erty of conscience was endangered, I pray you, be assured that no man would be more willing than myself to revise and alter that part of it, so as to avoid all religious persecution. You can without doubt remember that I have often ex-pressed my opinion, that every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is ac-countable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in wor-shiping God according to the dictates of his conscience.ŠGeorge Washington." BE discouraged only when in your study of the Word of God, you can find where he has spoken a single word of discour-agement to you. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN EAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, '75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Rarotonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price,_75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E R Pitman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 100 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Order of PACIFIC PRESS, 42 Bond Street, New York City Or Oakland. Cal. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE, It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens No. 2. No. 3. Sealskin, 2 " No. 4. 3  ,. No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 " No. 6. Sealskin, 4  4, Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold, and still offered at much higher prices. FATHERS OF THE O1Ii ]ID e BY E. J. WAGGONER. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the princi-ples of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adop-tion of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, developed the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of pa. ganism. chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English cloth;sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent post-paid for $1.00. BOOKS FOR LITTLE ONES. We are pleased to say to our many friends who have asked us in regard to books for little ones that BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES, AND ITS COMPANION, Little Folks' Bible Gallery, contain the most perfect and complete outfit of Bible illustrations and stories that we have been able to find. We can recommend them, or either one, to every one desirous of obtaining something good as a gift for a child. Size 7 x 9 inches, 96 pages each; 44 full-page pictures in one, 45 in the other. Price $1 each, or both together, post-paid, $1.75. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINE THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 0025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 6603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry— G. P. ct T. A. a G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWY ER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. 3  .. 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. 