264 VoL. 10, No. 33. NEW YORK, AUGUST 22, 1895. Vim" ANY one receiving  the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have, not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Seventh-day Adventist, whose arrest in Chicago we noted last week, has been bound over to the grand jury, which sits the first week in September. IT is stated that Korea has adopted strict regulations for the observance of Sunday. And why not? It is " the, wild solar holiday of all pagan times," and Korea is pagan. MR. JOHN FAUST, the Seventh-day Advent-ist cobbler, arrested for mending his own shoes in his own room, July 21, has been in-dicted by the grand jury of the Criminal Court of the city of Baltimore, and his trial is liable to occur at any time. Outside the city of Baltimore justices of the peace have exclusive originaLjUriscliction,, and the higher court can try such cases only on appeal, but it seems that in Baltimore the Criminal Court has exclusive original jurisdic-tion in Sunday cases. We shall keep our readers fully informed in regard to this case, Olney, 111., August 13, 1895. EDITOR SENTINEL: John Foll, Ross Foil, George Dunlap, J. C. Snell and Chas. Snell, were arrested for Sunday labor to-day, and had their trial in the justice's court, J. H. Gunn, Esq., presiding. They were found guilty, and fined $1 and costs each, amount-ing to $22.45 each. The statute under which they were arrested (chap. 38, par. 317, Illi-nois statutes) plainly says,: " This section shall not be construed to prevent Ł . . the due exercise of conscience by whomever thinks proper to keep any other day as a sab-bath." They have not yet decided what they will do, but may appeal. More later. State's attorney for this (Richland) county opposed us in these cases. J. W. SCOLES. FURTHER particulars concerning the prose-cutions in London, Eng., for Sunday labor, inform us that the Adventist publishing house on Holloway Road has been fined about $100 (including costs) for successive violations of the Sunday (factory) law, and the defendants were informed that in case the fines are not satisfied there will be an imprisonment of fourteen days for each offense. , The 'ostensible aim of this factory law is to protect women and minors, from 'being over-worked; but in this prosecution there is noŁ charge of overwork or of hardship' to - the employ4s, all of whom rest on the seventh day of, the week. The prosecution rests solely on the fact that work was done on the first day of the week. Instead of being a protection to these employ6s, the law, as it is applied,  actually works hardship to them, since it would deprive them of one-sixth of their wages. The manager of the office is prose-cuted under a law designed to protect em-ploy4s, because the law is not allowed to work exactly contrary to its purpose! Was ever a law made to exhibit such absurdity of in-justice ? The trouble is, it is a Sunday law. Doubt-less its originators thought it a very benign,  and useful piece of legislation, as indeed it seems upon its face. But there was a dead fly in the ointment, and now it comes to light. And that is true of every legal measure which has within it the Sunday institution. Sun-day laws will never operate as they are in-tended; for they are contrary to the eternal law of right. THE Christian Statesman complains that the nation has never witnessed such a carnival of Sunday " desecration" as " we are having this present summer." A large share of the blame the Statesman lays at the door of camp-meeting managers, and says:L--- Church members do not feel their responsibility for the preservation of the sabbath as they should. Con-sistent loyalty to the Lord of the Sabbath requires separation from their sin. But it is clear that nothing short of statute law, properly enforced, will meet the necessities of the case as set forth above. What a confession! Church members must be compelled by statute to manifest a " loyalty " for the Lord of the Sabbath which they do not feel! But is it any wonder, since the leaders of religious thought . defiantly trample upon the real Sabbath, the Lord's day of the Scriptures, heap contempt upon it, and attempt to compel the observance of a coun-terfeit without divine warrant ? -Is it any wonder, We say, that even members of Sun-day-keeping churches do not respect the day? PERSECUTION IN BALTIMORE., MR. FAUST, the Seventh-day AdVentist,"then-: tioned in another colunin, was arrested on the 12th inst.'for the third 'time. Folldwing .his arrest for mendiug.his. own shoes in his own: house, on Sunday, July 21, Mr. Faust attended the Seventh-day Adventist, camp-meeting at Newark, Del., August 1-L.12. The rest of the story is thus told by Mr. Allen Moon, pres-ident of the International Religious Liberty Association :Š Before he went, to, camp-meeting 'he was arrested and brought before Justice Anderson of the northwest police station, and held to answer to the grand jury, and before he returned that body handed hi an in-dictment against him. He learned before_ he left the grounds that.he was wanted by the police, arid when he returned he 'was seen by the police 'several times during tha day Monday, but they did riot come after him until, 10 : 30 in the evening, and then they took him and locked him up in a cell-until morning. Ł They then put him in the prison van and drove round to all the police stations and gathered in a dozen or more rriffiaris smoking and swearing,' and he was nearly suffocated with the smoke and'heat, but he fi-nally reached the sheriff's office. The:sheriff released him to go after some one to sign his bond,' which was signed en Wednesday morning. , The deviltry of the wholeinatter was that, the:police took advantage of the absence of all his friends, and locked him up from 10: 30 Monday evening until 2:30 r. as. Tuesday, without anything to eat, when all they had to do, Or all they should have done, was to have  notified him to appear at the sheriff's office and renew his bond, for he was already under a bond of $300, and there was no need of locking him up under the circumstances, even if he had been a criminal; but the police, who are Catholics, wanted to heap indigni-ties upon him. That which has stirred up these Roman Catholic policemen is the fact that two Sev-enth-day Adventist ministers, Elders Ballou and Franke, are holding tent meetings in that quarter of the city, and have, of course, said some plain things about the papacy. The papists are trying to "get even " on them by means of the Sunday statute, which is openly violated by thousands all over the city every Sunday without remark, but which is enforced against this Adventist as a means of venting petty religious bigotry. APROPOS of the note from J. W. Scoles, relative to the conviction of five Adventists in Illinois, is the suggestion that it seems to make a deal of difference whose ox is gored. In those States where the statutes make no exception in favor of observers of another day, the courts seem to act their part very reluc-tantly, and only because it is their " duty" under the " law." But in States having 'such exceptions the courts seem determined to find some way of evading the plain provisions of the statute so that the hated Adventists may be convicted right or wrong. It is simply the beginning of the end. Ł THE Nebraska City News, of July 30, re-ports a disgraceful attempt made in that city the previous evening to break up a street-meeting of the Salvation Army, by means of the fire engine and hose of the city fire de-partment. The group of Salvationists were sprayed from the engine until the emphatic disapproval of the citizens present put a stop to the proceedings of their persecutors. This and other like outrages recently perpetrated upon members of this religious body are man-ifestations of the same spirit of religious intol-erance which prompted persecutions for con-science' sake in all past times. THE Mail and Express, of July 22, told of two shots fired that day from the proving grounds of the army ordnance station, at Sandy Hook, which narrowly missed an in- coming steamer, and then addsŠ One Sunday afternoon last summer the fishing steamer Al, Foster, with her usual crowd of fisher-men, had just got under way for home after a day on the fishing banks, when a huge projectile went screaming over the vessel and buried itself in the sea beyond. And so it seems that the United States sometimes tests guns on the " Christian sabbath." Nevertheless this is a " Christian nation," for has not the Supreme Court con-fessed as much? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, , either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - 1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 