328 SIEINTTINTEILI. VoL. 10, No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 17, 1895. Or' Aanr one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE, are reminded by correspondents that we have omitted from, our " Roll of Honor," the Congregationalist (Boston), the Chicago daily Chronicle, the Leavenworth (Kans ) Daily Standard, and the Daily Champion, of Atchison, Kans. WE are pleased to learn that Mr. John Matthews has been released from Chatham (Ontario) jail, where he had been confined for refusing to honor Sunday, as demanded by " the law" of the country. The Department of Justice at Ottawa had been memorialized to inquire into Mr. Matthews' case, and had sent to Chatham for a careful statement of the facts, at the time of the latter's release. THE article on page 326 from the Eagle, of Gainesville, Ga., is noteworthy because it shows so plainly the hypocrisy of the plea that " the law must be enforced." The " law " has not been enforced in Atlanta against those who worked upon the exposition grounds on Sunday, nor is it enforced in that city at any time against the Sunday excursions and other forms of so-called "sabbath desecration." The Sunday " law " is openly and persistently violated by the railroads every week in the very county in which Mr. Allison was sen-tenced to serve twelve full months in the chain-gang, and it does not even occasion re-mark; but the poor Adventist must forfeit the pound of flesh. " The court awards it and law' doth give it." WE print on another page an article on " Religion in the Normal Schools," which contains some facts and suggestions worthy of serious consideration. We are in harmony with the suggestion made in the closing paragraph, that it is only a "matter of simple justice to all denomina-tions, and to those outside of all denomina-tions, that all religious bias should be removed from" all schools under State control or sup-ported wholly or in part by State funds. We do not take this view, however, simply because of the impossibility of doing equal and exact justice to all concerned in the matter of giving religious instruction, but because in the very nature of the case the State is not qualified to give that kind of instruction. A teacher to properly give such instruction must have not only a religious but a spiritual quali-fication: and certainly it would be improper for the State to determine who possesses the necessary qualification for giving instruction in matters of religion. It would likewise be manifestly improper for the State to allow the various churches to certify to the qualifica- tion of teachers in that respect; therefore, the only thing for the State to do is to omit religious instruction from its curriculum. Nor do we believe that the morals of the people would suffer in the least from this omission. Religious instruction properly be-longs to the home, the church, and the paro-. chial school. In all these places such instruc-tion can be properly given, and by persons properly qualified to give it. But outside of these agencies any attempted religious instruc-tion is almost certain to be merely perfunc-tory and calculated only to displace and to cause to be neglected that home training which would otherwise be given. Germany affords a striking example of what religious instruction in the public schools will do for a people who depend largely.upon it. Nowhere, not even excepting in " infidel France," is unbelief so general as in Germany, and formalism in religion so widespread. We believe it would be many times better, both for the schools and the public, if all State schools were purely secular. PERSECUTION IN TEXAS. THE following appeared in the Texas Post (Galveston), of October 6:Š Farmer A. T. Romer, in Antonio, Tex., was brought before Justice of the Peace Devine, and accused of re-fusing to work on the high road on a certain day as ordered by the roadmaster. Remer belongs to the re-ligious sect of the Adventists, and said that this cer-tain day was the Sabbath, which is the day of rest according to the rules of his church. He claimed the right to discharge his religious duty, a right which is guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. Notwithstanding he was fined $1 and costs, which amount to $20 in this case. Remer, who persists in his right, has appealed to the higher courts. It seems rather strange that in a State which has so much morality that it calls an extra session of the legislature to prevent a prize-fight, a good citizen cannot be allowed to ab-stain from labor on the day set apart by his religion for rest and worship. THE Leavenworth (Kansas) Standard thinks it has solved the problem of the persecution of Adventists in Tennessee and other States, and has invited them to come to Kansas. In fact, judging from what the Standard says, one would suppose that a general exodus of the Adventists to that State had already begun. Our contemporary says:Š The Standard's invitation happened to find those much-persecuted people ripe for just such a move and more than willing to flee from the venomous reptiles of bigotry who have made their lives a burden and seek homes in a State where they can live in peace and worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. They will locate in groups in various portions of the State wherever the conditions are found to be most favorable. The Standard is now engaged in giving them all the assistance it can in the selection of localities and it hopes to land a fair share of them in this county and city. These people are not Puritans; they believe in religious liberty, and if Kansas can get every last one of them in this and other countries to locate within her borders, she will have accomplished the finest piece of immigration work she ever undertook. We cannot think that there is any such movement among the Adventists. It is true that individuals of that faith may e seeking  homes in Kansas; but the Adventists are not so anxious to avoid persecution as they are to discharge what they believe to be their duty to the world. They believe that every-one who has truth in advance of others is under obligation to give that truth to, the world, and this cannot be done by colonizing in one or two States. Adventists are a mis- Ł sionary people, and no effort has ever been made by them to colonize; and instead of flee-ing from States where the laws are unfavor-able to them, we find-them sending out mis-sionaries into all parts of the world, planting the standard of truth upon every shore. They have established missions in Europe, Asia, Africa, South America, and in the Islands of the Sea. They have even invaded Russia, thus braving the terrors of exile to Siberia; and we are satisfied that not until they feel that their work is done will they forsake any neighborhood simply to avoid persecution. The question of religious liberty cannot be settled by fleeing from bigotry and intolerance, but by meeting it in the Spirit of Christ and with the truth of the gospel, and overcoming it in its strongholds. IN the New York Christian Advocate, of Sept. 19, the editor says :Š When we were in Vienna it caused a great effort to find the little Wesleyan place of worship. The law would not allow it a shape like a church building; it could not have a name; it existed 'by sufferance. Sub-sequently it was shut up and had a long conflict with the government. Finally certain rights were given to it, and a church was erected, and one Sunday last month, for the first time in Vienna, Protestant church bells rung out, a set of bells having been presented to this Protestant church. No American Protestant will question the propriety of this little church's " long conflict with the government " in its struggle to oc-cupy the place of a light-bearer to the multi-tudes that sat in darkness around it. No such person will claim that the " law " which " would not allow it a shape like a church building" or even a name, was not wholly un-just and unworthy of recognition. Yet it was " the law of the land; " and if " the law of the land" ought always to be enforced, sim-ply because it is the " law," the Roman Cath-olic authorities of Vienna were in the right in trying to extinguish the kindling flame of Protestant public worship. THERE is a large amount of humbug in the talk about the workingmen becoming slaves to Sunday labor. The workingmen can rest on Sunday if they want to. It is not they who are doing the talking about the prospect of such slavery, or who feel any fear of it. It is not an over-amount of labor that they fear, but a scarcity of it, with low wages. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 