128 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 23, I. CORRECTION.ŠThe name of the young man arrested in Georgia for Sunday work, is Waters, not Walters, as we printed it last week. THE Spanish title to sovereignty in the Philippines, tested by all principles of justice, is the most fragile thing ever entrusted to the American Gov-ernment. IN these days, the principle of gov-ernment by the consent of the gov-erned appears to be construed as meaning that governments derive their just powers from "the sensible consent of the whipped." t IF this country is under obligation -to the Filipinos, as frequently stated, !bow  is that obligation to be met by :la proceeding which would naturally suggest only a discharge of obliga-tion owed by them to this country? IN a speech in Boston, recently, President McKinley said that destiny had brought America to the Philip-, pines, and strongly intimated that it was the duty of this country to re-tain the islands for all time. WE are now having "higher criti-cism" of the American Constitution and the Declaration of Independence; and like the "higher criticism" of Scripture its effect is to take away the real meaning and life of the lang-luage to which it is applied. 'Tim military commission appointed to investigate the charge against the commissary general of having given theUnited States troops "embalmed beef" for food, has reported that no -evidence exists that the beef served to the troops was "embalmed."  General Miles, on the other hand, af-firms that he has an abundance of affidavits in his possession from offi-cers and men competent to speak on the subject, which fully sustain the charge. There is something badly tainted about this, of a certainty; and the public are not inclined to favor the view which exonerates the beef trust which supplied the army with meat. .74  THERE is a chance now for some up-to-date legislator to distinguish himself by presenting a bill making it a crime for any person to present a native of the Philippines or of Porto Rico with a copy of the Amer-can Constitution or the Declaration of Independence, on the ground that the perusal of the same would be cal-culated to stir up revolt. IN a speech to the Y. M. C. A. State gathering at Albany, Governor Roosevelt, in alluding to American manhood in its attitude to war, said: "I want to preach the sword of the Lord and of Gideon." That would be a good thing to preach these days, and it is a pity it is not preached more. But men who are preaching it do not win popular-ity for themselves by it. No one will object to fighting, even by Christians, in the way that Gideon and this army fought. And how strange it is, by the way, that people who cite these Old Testament instances tin favor of war, forget all about the way in which the battles were fought. Gid-eon and his men. did not kill any-body; they had no weapons for kill-ing. They were "armed" in a way that expressed their faith in God, and their utter want of trust in man or any earthly power. "The sword of the Lord" was first; would that men would put that sword first now. Battleships and machine guns come first in modern "Christian" warfare, and while the aid of the Deity is in-voked, all dependence is put upon the weapons made by man. The sword of man is put first, and the Deity is expected to back this up with the power of omnipotence. Yet to-day, as in Gideon's time, the sword of the Lord is the mightiest of all weapons; and the greatest victo-ries will ;be gained by it now as of old. And that sword is the "sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of Go d. " THE Chicago Times-Herald, an ar-dent advocate of "expansion," says that "we are in the Philippines like a pig in a poke, which, having got its head through a hole in a gate, can only get free by carrying off gate, gateposts, and several sections of fence." This pretty well illustrates the sit-uation. The "pig" should have kept away from the hole in the gate, remembering that it is easier to get into trouble than to get out of it. But having gotten his head in, he prefers to go forward rather than backward; and the fur-ther he goes, the further will he get from the possibility of withdrawal. EMBALMED liberty is about as val-uable for the soul as embalmed beef is for the body. at WHATEVER else you skip, read the article in this issue on "Human Rights." If you want to know why Christians cannot go into the busi-ness of superintending other people, and why no person ought to do so, you will find the reasons clearly stated. Have you ordered any extra copies of last week's Sentinel? It is a splendid paper for missionary purposes, and it should be in the hands of thinking men and women everywhere. The illustration. "The New Temptation on the Mount," is a very striking one, and speaks volumes. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter cents per copy when wrappers are addressed to individuals, from list of names sent in. Send at once, as we are receiving orders which will exhaust the sup-ply in a little while. Back numbers, with the exception of number two, may also be had at the above rates. 