THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. Constantine's Sunday Law. AN interesting question is raised in the Christian Statesman, of March 19, in ref-erence to the nature of Constantine's Sun-day edict of March 7, A. D. 321, which runs thus :Š Let all judges, inhabitants of the cities, and artificers, rest on the venerable day of the sun. But husbandmen may freely and at their pleasure apply to the business of agriculture, since it often happens that the sowing of grain and the planting of vines can not be so advantageously performed on any other day; lest, by neglecting the oppor-tunity, they shonld lose the benefits which the divine bounty bestows upon us. It will be observed that the term used to designate the day is, " The venerable day of the sun," a heathen title. It is said by some that Constantine issued the edict "to please the Church." It is pos-itive, however, that the law itself furnishes no evidence of this. Indeed, it is very doubtful if at that time the day had come to be regarded as sacred in any higher sense than Christmas, Good Friday, and other days are now regarded. Many Christians at that time probably attached to it some such reverence, but making it a Sabbath, to say nothing of the Sabbath, was an afterthought. It is assumption, pure and simple, that Constantine had in his edict any reference whatever to the regard entertained for the day by Christians. Bingham, in his "Antiquities of the Christian Church," book 20, chapter 2, testifies that " the old Roman laws exempted the festivals of the heathen from all judicial business." In his " History of Christianity," book 3, chapter 1, Millman says :Š The rescript, indeed, for the religious observance of the Sunday, which enjoined the suspension of all public business and private labor, except that of agriculture, was enacted, according to the apparent terms of the decree, for the whole Roman Empire. Yet, unless we had direct proof that the decree set forth the Christian reason of the sanctity of the day, it may be doubted whether the act would not be received Łby the greater part of the empire as merely adding one more festival to the festi of the empire, as proceeding entirely from the will of the emperor, or even grounded on his authority as supreme pontiff, by which he had the plenary power of appointing holy days. In fact, as we have before observed, the day of the sun would be willingly hallowed by almost all the pagan world, especially that part which had admitted any ten-dency toward the oriental theology. To the same intent Edward V. Neal, in " Feasts and Fasts," page 6, says: "Before the age of Augustus the number of days upon which, out of reverence to the gods to whom they were consecrated, no trials could take place at Rome, had become a source upon which the wealthy criminal could speculate as a means of evading justice." This being true it is certainly not necessary to suppose that Constantine's edict. had, -any reference whatever to any-thing except the fact that Sunday was dedicated to his protector, his tutelar deity, the sun. Of Constantine's devotion to the sun god, Gibbon says :Š The devotion of Constantine was more peculiarly  directed to the genius of the sun, the Apollo of Greek and Roman mythology ; and he was pleased to be represented with the symbols of the god of light and poetry. . . The altars of Apollo were crowned with the votive offerings of Constan-tine; and the credulous multitude were taught to believe that the emperor was permitted to behold with mortal eyes the visible majesty of their tutelar deity. . . The sun was universally celebrated as the invincible guide and protector of Constantine. Again, the manner of observing days sacred to heathen deities was so very similar to that enjoined by Constantine's Sunday law that no one can fail to see that the edict was purely pagan. On this point Mr. Neal says The practice of abstaining from various sorts of labor upon days consecrated by religious observance, like that of suspending at such seasons judicial proceedings, was familiar to the Roman world be-fore the introduction of Christian ideas. Virgil enumerates the rural labors, which might on festal days be carried on, without entrenching upon the prohibitions of religion and right; and the enumer- Ł ation shows that many works were considered as forbidden. Thus it appears that it was permitted to clean out the channels of an old water course, but not to make a new one ; to wash the herd or flock, if such washing was needful for their health, but not otherwise ; to guard the crop from injury by setting snares for birds, or fencing in the grain; and to burn unproductive thorns. This likeness between these heathen regulations and our modern Sunday laws, with their numerous exceptions, is so striking as to be very suggestive of their derivation. That Constantine was at the time of issuing his Sunday edict a pagan, pure and simple, there is little doubt. His law forbidding certain kinds of labor on the " venerable day of the sun," was issued on the 7th of March; on the following day, namely, the 8th of March, was issued his edict directing that in case of any public calamity the haruspices should be consulted. These were abominable for-tune-tellers who professed to read in the entrails of beasts future events. The idea that any Christian emperor ever made such a law is absurd. That arch flatterer and sycophant, Eu-sebius of Cassarea, is almost wholly re-sponsible for the false impression which obtains to a considerable extent that Con-stantine ever was a Christian. The facts are that he made no profession of Christi-anity until on his death bed, and that throughout his reign he was only a moral leper. Of Constantine's character Philip Schaff says :Š He was far from being so pure and so venerable as Eusebius, blinded by his favor of the Church, depicts him in his bombastic and almost dishonestly eulogistic biography, with the evident intention of setting him up as a model for all future Christian princes. It must with all regret be conceded that his progress in the knowledge of Christianity was not a progress in the practice of its virtues. His love of display and his prodigality, his suspiciousness and his despotism, increased with his power. The very brightest period of his reign is stained with gross crimes, which even the spirit of the age, and 'the policy of an absolute monarch, can not excuse. A fter having reached, upon the bloody path of war, the goal of his ambition, the sole possession of the  empire; yea, in the very year in which he sum-moned the great council of Nicma, he ordered the execution of his conquered rival and brother-in-law)  Licinius, in breach of solemn promise of mercy. (324 ) Not satisfied with this, he caused, soon afterward, on political suspicion, the death of young Licinius, his nephew, a boy of hardly eleven years. But the worst of all is the murder of his eldest son, Crispus, in 326, who had incurred suspicion of political conspiracy, and of adulterous and incestuous purposes toward his step-mother, Fausta, but is generally regarded as innocent. Such was the character of the author of the first Sunday law known to history. In the face of these facts let those who wish regard it as a Christian edict issued in behalf of the sacred observance of a Christian institution. It is true that the edict was afterwards turned to account by the bishops to restrict the actions of the people upon the first day of the week; but that the law was made in honor of Sunday as a Christian institution is, to say the least, extremely doubtful. Just what influence this law had on the so-called change of the Sabbath it is im-possible to say. As we have seen, it is probable that the emperor had no thought of effecting.  any change in any Christian institution by this law, so that whatever effect it may have had on the change was because of the use subsequently made of it by those who as pagans had formerly regarded Sunday as sacred, and who prob-ably saw no harm in transferring it to another and more noble purpose. C. P. B. ACCORDING to to the Christian Statesman, Rev. Dr. A. A. Miner asks this question concerning the Sunday newspaper :Š Why must we know on Sunday morning that such and such middle-weight whipped another? THE SENTINEL gives it up. The Doc-tor's "we," like the editorial "we," must be plural only in form, at least it does not include all readers of Sunday newspapers. It may be necessary for Dr. Miner to read the sporting news in the Sunday paper, but it is not necessary for everybody to do so. " Rude fellows of the baser sort" can of course find some things adapted to their taste in the average Sunday paper, but others will pass such things by. Only those who wish to will read the sporting column. Indeed, reading the Sunday paper at all is only a matter of choice. Nobody is compelled either to buy or to read it. If the Doctor would only curb his own curiosity until Monday morning his difficulty with the Sunday paper would end at once. Bur if Doctor Miner means .o ask why anybody wants the Sunday paper, it should be sufficient to say that that is their business. Others have just as much right to demand why he wants certain articles for breakfast, or why he wants his Sunday dinner served in a certain way. NOR does, it follow that a thing to be 