AMERICAN SENTINEL. 479 by declaring the sublime teaching of its divine Author, that "the truth" can make "free indeed ; " and points the people from man to our Saviour and Creator. But Romanism strives to enslave the conscience, to deprive man of his individuality, and make him a mere auto-matic machine, with no right to think for himself ; there-fore it is no marvel that such a system depraves instead of uplifts; corrupts but never ennobles the person who books a passage in its ecclesiastical barque. Let not the false statements of Rome put us off our guard, nor let the glittering gilt which she places upon her base metal, deceive us into thinking that the same is pure gold; but let us judge of what the papacy would be by what it was in the past. It is true as the refrain says that "history repeats itself ; " and soon we may expect to be spectators of bloody scenes: Soon the cur-tain will be drawn back, and we shall behold the last act in this world's drama; soon the "mystery of iniquity" will appear denuded of her hypocritical disguise; soon, aye soon, within the last pages of earth's history will be inscribed in crimson letters, which can never be obliter-ated, crimes, atrocities, persecutions, and martyrdoms, such as ear hath never heard. Thus will Rome prove the veracity of her vaunted statement, that she never changes. In the meantime, let us be found watching and praying, so that we may stand firm at the post of duty when the hour of tribulation makes its appearance at our door. Buenos Aires, Argentina. Some American " Reconcentrados." "New York Journal," July 28. IN the anthracite regions of Pennsylvania women and children are starving because sturdy, industrious men, inured to the hardships of mining and ready to brave its perils, can find no work. Gaunt misery is afoot in every mining town. The wolf is at every door. There life at its best offers to little children nothing but stunting toil in debasing associations, to women naught but squalid poverty and that aching fear of the future which makes motherhood a burden instead of a joy, and to men such a denial of opportunity for advancement that every high aspiration is stilled, and such a daily round of worry that the pleasures which brutalize and stupefy are the ones that most appeal to natures which may justly envy the brute. Such is the situation in the anthracite regions. Such it long has been, and newspapers of every varying shade of political belief and social honesty have described it and denounced it. In the midst of a nation which went to war to relieve the sufferings of the reconcentrados, exists and long has existed a condition of destitution and wholesale starvation hardly outdone by Weyler. This is matter of common notoriety. . . . This execrable and un-American situation is the out-come of corporate greed, and corporate greed is about to make it more unbearable still. Day before yesterday fie presidents of the anthracite coal lines met in a New York office and agreed to raise the prices of coal to the consumer and lessen the amount of work for the miners. Hitherto the miners have had the fruits of two days' labor a week on which to support their families. Now `they are to have but one day's work, on which to starve. Who profits by this remorseless economy at the pit's mouth? Not the consumer of coal, for the very men who cut down the miners' pay put up the price of the product. How long shall the inhuman conditions which sur-round coal mining in Pennsylvania be permitted? How long shall a trust, fortified by its control of railroads, be allowed to rob consumers of hard coal and slowly mur-der its producers and those dependent upon them? 1.44-44  A GLIMPSE at the conditions prevailing in the prov-inces of Cuba outside of Santiago, which is now under American control, is furnished by the following appeal which has been addressed to Rear-Admiral Sampson by citizens of Cienfuegos:Š "Honorable Sir: The Cubans, old men, women, and children, resident in the town of Cienfuegos and this neighborhood, are all dying of hunger. The young men are all in the field with the Cuban troops and have not shoes, neither food. All the provisions in this town are in the hands of the Spaniards. Cubans cannot obtain a piece of bread, as it is necessary to send everything to the field. The Weyler's system is in his way. The situa-tion is terrible. "If you, honorable sir, do not come quick with your squadron in our help, and take possession of this town, we shall be lost. We beg you to precipitate your opera-tions. About five thousand old men, women, and chil-dren shall die of hunger in this poor town. Some of these old men have four or five sons fighting for his freedom. This is our horrible situation. "If the great people of the United States do not come quick in our help we are lost. "SOME CUBANS." Thus far death has no doubt brought more relief to the starving people than have the forces of the Amer-icans. THE latest census of Hawaii gives the number and classes of the inhabitants as follows: "Of pure Hawaiians, there were 31,019; of part Hawaiian blood, 8,045; of Japanese, 24,407; of Chinese, 21,616; of Portuguese, 15,191; leaving 8,302 Americans and Europeans." The 8,300 Americans and Europeans, of course, are "the people," especially the Americans. GRACE draws; law drives. Grace loves; law con-strains. Grace inspires to the rendering of a willing serv-ice; law extorts an unwilling service. The only accept-able service a free moral agent can render to God is the service inspired by grace.ŠReligious Telescope. 