64 THE ANIERIGAN SENTINEL,. VoL. 6, No. s. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 19, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SINCE our last issue we have learned that Judge Hammond, of Tennessee, has deferred his decision in the King case until March. A CORRESPONDENT of Our Day, writing of Pennsylvania, says :Š "In no other State have I found so many post-offices that do not open on the Sab-bath." Then in no other State has he found so many postmasters violating the law which provides that post-offices shall be opened a portion of every day. THE Bennett law repeal measure was signed by Governor Peck, of Wisconsin, on the 5th inst. in the presence of a number of leading men of the State. A brand new gold pen, and green ink, were used. The pen has been placed in the vaults of the executive mansion, there to be kept for all time as a souvenir of the event. A BILL has been introduced into the Connecticut Legislature, providing that evety person who shall keep open any warehouse, Or manufacturing, or mechan-ical establishment, or any commercial establishment, other than a drug store, or engage in any public sport on Sunday, between sunrise and sunset, shall be fined not more than four dollars, nor less than one dollar. The bill was referred to the Committee on Judiciary. BATAVIA, this State, is moving in the direction of more strict enforcement of the Sunday law. On the 11th ult. a Rest-day League was formed at the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association, and a committee appointed to confer with the pastors of the different churches. As usual the leaders in the movement are not those who most need rest on Sunday, and have the least of it, but those who are interested in compelling people to rest, whether they want to or not. There is a good deal of humbug about the whole Sunday-rest business. A SUNDAY bill has been introduced into the California Legislature, at the request of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of that State. Its technical descrip-tion is An act to amend an act entitled " an act to estab-lish a penal code," approved February 14, 1872, by  adding to chapter VII, title IX, part I, thereof, three new sections numbered respectively, 299, 300, and 301, forbidding the exhibition, opening, or maintain-ing of a bull, bear, cock, or prize fight, horse race, circus, gambling-house, or saloon, or any barbarous or noisy amusement; or the keeping, conducting, or exhibiting of any theater, or other place of musical, theatrical, or operatic performance, where intoxi-cating drink is sold, given away or used on Sunday; forbidding, also, the keeping open, on that day, any store, workshop, bar, saloon, banking - house, or other place of business for business purposes. The bill was introduced by request, and it is understood that the gentleman who introduced it will not vote for it. It is now in the hands of the Committee on Education and Public Morals. THAT which we object to is not the in-cidental teaching of morals in the public schools so far as moral principles can be inculcated by proper rules of deportment, by the prohibition of offensive and corrupt-ing language, and by the use in reading-books of such stories as that of George Washington and his hatchet, but to the establishment by the State of a code of so-called morals to be taught in the schools as the sum of morality. As we have before said, morals must have a sanction, that is, moral precepts must be based upon some acknowledged authority. John Stuart Mill, a typical utilitarian, says : " I regard utility as the ultimate appeal on all ethical questitms." We, in common with many others, regard the law of God as the ultimate appeal on all such questions. We simply deny the right of the State, which is practically the majority, to decide the question. IT is true that the State is only the citi--zens " mutually united to secure mutual benefits," but it does not follow that the State may rightfully do whatever the ma-jority desires to have done. There are some things that no majority, however great, has any right to do. John Stuart Mill has well said : " If all mankind, minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in si-lencing mankind." We fully agree with Mr. Mill,,in this, and it seems to us, that to every Ailnerican at least, the proposition ought to be self-evident. It follows that while we believe good morals and good religion to be of the highest value, we deny the right of the majority to force their ideas of morals and religion upon the minority. THERE are but two standards of morals, namely, the divine, and the human or util-itarian. Every man who advocates the teaching of morals in the schools has in view the standard of morals which he conceives to be the true one. We at first understood our correspondent, whose let-ter we publish in another column, to favor  the teaching of the utilitarian standard of morals. Now, however, if we under-stand him correctly, he would have taught in the public schools, not the morality that is the product of dogmatic theology, "but of that which is above all sects or, forms of religionŠGod and man." This would involve the teaching of somebody's ideas of God, and consequently the teaching of somebody's religion. We are really un-able to see much difference between the position of our correspondent and that of the National Reformers, who demand the teaching of Christian morals in the public schools upon the basis of `.` unsectarian " Christianity. The whole discussion sim-ply illustrates the impossibility of a prac-tical agreement, even among Christians, on the subject of what, if anything, should be taught in our schools on the subject of morals. We shall reprint next week an article from Vol. IV, of this paper, which treats this particular phase of the question more fully than space permits us to do in this number. A RELIGIOUS paper published in a West-ern State, being grieved that a certain juvenile religious publication in the East teaches error to its youthful readers, in-dignantly says :Š There are laws against forgery, and securing money under false pretenses, and cruelty to animals and to children. Can not some means be devised to prevent the latter from being imposed upon by such teaching ? for we insist that it is cruelty to them to instill into their young and unsuspecting minds such utterly false ideas. Sure enough ! why not ? And in order to make sure that only proper and correct religious instruction shall be given, .why not make laws regulating the whole matter, saying who shall give the instruction and what they shall teach ? In short, why not have a State religion at once, and be done with it, and refuse to tolerate either error or those who hold it ? BOUND volumes Of THE AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, for 1890, are now ready, and will be sent, carriage prepaid, to any address, for i1.50, and $2.50, per volume, according to binding. The cheaper style is bound in paper, the more expensive style in cloth with leather back and corners. HAS any nation ever succeeded in legis-lating morals into the hearts of the people ? ŠLoyal American. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 Bond Street, New York. 