328 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol,. 5, No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 16, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it 'may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the -SENTINEL need have no fears that they Will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. REFERRING to the Lutheran declaration that the " underlying principle of the Bennett law is needless interference with parental rights and liberty of conscience," America says :Š The best refutation of this false charge is to be found in the fact that, although the law has been in force nearly two years, there has not been a single prosecution under its provisions. Indeed, simply because a law is not en-forced it -is a just and humane law! It must be then that the Tennessee Sunday law was a perfectly righteous statute, till R. M. King was arrested and fined under it, simply to gratify the intolerance of his bigoted neighbors. Strange logic, that ! THE "Metropolitan Church and Choir Directory," for 1890, gives the number of churches in New York and Brooklyn as 759. This is an item of importance, as well as interest, when it is considered that effort is now being made to show the strength of the churches as a factor in local politics in the city of New York. How long is it possible for the Church to exert itself in politics in New York City, without becoming a full-rigged political machine ? Have the political bosses in the past shown themselves too highminded to 'steal the livery of the Church to serve their master the devil, and Mammon, in ? Certainly this is what they will do tIie very hour these noble-purposed, but mis-taken gentlemen succeed in making the Church a political power. THE Chwistian Statesman, of August 7, has the following, which is interesting, especially in view of some of the so-called arguments in favor of compulsory Sab- bath keeping :Š A well informed authority says that Columbia College, New York, is largely carried on for the benefit of the Jews. Thay take five times as many prizes, in proportion -to their numbers, as other classes; and in the annex to Columbia College, seventy per cent. of the pupils are Jewesses. The Jews control journalism in Germany, and are very largely influential in journalism all over the world. This ought, certainly, to disprove the claim so confidently made in justification' of Sunday laws, namely, that a regular day of rest is a physical necessity, and that in order for a portion of the commu-nity to take the necessary rest all must rest. The Jews do not rest habitually on Sun-day, and it must be confessed that but  few of thern=obserVe With any degree of strictness anY other day; Yet it is a fact that in point of both mental andThysical-vigor they excel. This fact, coupled with like facts concerning the Japanese, a peo-ple who keep mil test day, ought to effect-ually dispose of the fiction that a regular "weekly rest is a physical necessity. WE find the following in an exchange, credited " Voice;" we doubt if it is from the paper of that name published in this city, but it may be :Š For our part we want to see less useless and hope-) less tinkering with the Federal Constitution, and more of an effort to secure a government in con-formity with the spirit of that still grand document. The changes the people of America most need are not changes in the Constitution. That is about the only thing left in our Government to be proud of. We, too, believe that our Constitution is as nearly perfect as it can be made, cer-tainly much more nearly so than it would be if amended according to the programme of the various and numerous Constitution tinkers. Let it remain as it is; and obey it as it is. IT has been proved by actual demon-stration in Boston, that Sunday opening of their Museum of Fine Arts is appre- ciated by the general public. A writer in the Independent, of this city, says :Š The Boston Museum gives free admission to vis-itors two days in the week, Saturdays and Sundays. On Saturdays the average number of visitors last year was 776. The Museum is open on Sunday afternoons from one till five, at hours not conflicting with church services. The average number of-Sun-day admissions last year was 1,317. The admissions for four hours Sunday aftm"noons, were almost double that of the ten hours of Saturdays,Šthough both are free days. If the museums are designed to be in-structors of the people, why not give laboring men and women the benefit of them without at the same time requiring them to make a financial sacrifice, which they must do if they go upon working days? Ł 5  Ł  PRESIDENT WOODRUFF, On September 24, published a manifesto denying that plural marriages were still solemnized in Utah, and saying :Š Inasmuch as laws have been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws have been pronounced constitutional by the court of last re-sort, I do hereby declare my intention to submit to those laws and use all my influence with the mem-bers of the church, over which I preside, to have them do likewise. There is nothing in my teaching to the church or in those of my associates during the time specified, which can reasonably be con-strued to inculcate or encourage polygamy, and when any elder of the church has used language which appeared- to convey such teaching he has been promptly reproved; and I now publicly de-clare that my advice to the Latter-Day Saints is to refrain from contracting any marriage forbidden by the law of the land. On the 6th inst., the Mormon Confer-ence, in session in Salt Lake, resolved by a unanimous vote to sustain. President Wood- ruff in his action in abolishing polygamy. Not a- dissenting voice was heard in the entire assembly of 10,000 persons. Many-  will still doubt the sincerity of the Mormons in thus renouncing polyg-amy, and the Government ;will doubtless still keep them under surveillance for some time to come, or until they bring forth in this respect " fruits meet for- re-pentance;" but so long as the Mormons abstain from plural marriages the Gov-ernment cannot properly treat them dif-ferently from other religionists. Polyg-amy is rightfUlly prohibited by civil law, but aside from the practice of polygamy, the Mormons have just the same rights as the Catholics and the National Reformers, whom they resemble in their ideas of Church and State. THE September Arena has an article from Thomas P. Gorman, in which, enumerat-ing the grave problems which confront Canadian statesmen, the writer says :Š Then as to the separate school question, the Legis-lature of Manitoba has passed an act abolishing the existing school system in that province,Šwhich is similar to that of Ontario,Šand substituting there-for a public school system such as prevails in the American States. Although the British North American Act, the Constitution of the country, ex-pressly declares that provincial legislatures have not the right to deprive the Protestant minority in Quebec, or the Roman Catholic minorities in other provinces, of any rights or privileges, with respect to education, which they enjoyed at the time of the union; the Manitoba Legislature, backed no doubt by popular opinion in the province, has undertaken to do something which the Constitution declares it shall not do. Not only does the British North American Act prohibit the local legislature from interfering with the separate school system, but it expressly declares that, in the event of that legisla-ture failing to provide the money and machinery necessary for the carrying out of such a system, then the federal Parliament shall intervene and supply whatever is wanting. Then a new party has been formed in Ontario for the purpose of securing for that province full control of educational mat-ters in that province, including the right of abolish-ing the separate school system. Thus it appears that the mistaken zeal which leads men, calling themselves Prot-estants, to violate charters for the sake of gaining advantage not only in politics, but in religious propaganda, is not con-fined to the United States. ANY one who can give any information concerning the whereabouts of John N. Fearon, who was in Colorado when last heard 'from (ten years ago), will be duly rewarded for his trouble by addressing his mother, Sarah B. Fearon, 409 E. Main Street, Lock" Haven, Pa. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva-tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY,TER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 