DVEtteriSTS IN THE CHAIN-GANG. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 10. No. 35. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 5, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, Ł - ASSISTANT EDITOR. SOME PROBABILITIES OF THE SOUTHERN CHAIN-GANG SYSTEM. LAST May a Seventh-day Adventist, of Aus-tell, Ga., was sentenced to twelve months in the chain-gang for private work clone on his own farm on Sunday.*  And now, as ap-pears from the let-ter printed on page 275, like sentences of ninety days each, are hanging over W. A. Mc-Cutchen, a Sev-enth-day Advent-ist minister, and E. C. Keck, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist teacher. Nor is this all. The Austell Ad-ventist is again threatened with arrest, as are also others of the same faith in Georgia. These facts, to-gether with recent revelations of horrible cruelties practiced upon helpless convicts by the chain-gang authori-ties, suggest the awful possibilities, yea, even probabilities; of the Southern chain-gang system. *Reference is here made to the ease of J. Q. Allison, of Aus-tell, Ga., who was tried at Douglasville, May 15, for violation of the Georgia Sunday law, and was sentenced to pay costs, al mum ting to sv.o5. or in default of payment. to serve twelve full montus in the chain-gang. His offense was plowing in his own field on Sunday in a place open only to the observation of those who spied upon him Mr. Allison very properly refused to pay a single cent, and would have been sold into the chain-gang had not an unknown Mend paid the costs and secured his release. As yet no man, so far as we know, has ac-tually served in the Georgia chain-gang be-cause of his religious opinions and practices, but men have so served in both Henry and Rhea counties, Tennessee; and at the date of this writing, seven Seventh-day Adventists are so serving in the latter-named county; and, like Mr. Allison, these men are threat-ened with further persecution in ease they refuse to violate conscience and surrender their God-given and constitutional rights. These convicted Adventists have been as humanely treated as it is possible to treat men who, for no offense against their fellow-men, are taken front their homes and families, and required to subsist upon prison fare, and to work ten hours per day under a southern sun, for daring to obey a command of God. But such a denial of sacred rights is itself barbar-ous cruelty. In both Henry and Rhea counties, Tennes-see, the chain-gang had fallen into disuse be-cause it was found to be unprofitable, and it was revived specially for the punishment of seventh-day Adventists. This is indicative of the temper of the Tennessee authorities. The constitution of Tennessee provides that "No person shall in time of peace.be required  to perform any service to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest."  Shielded by this wise and humane provision of the fundamental law of that State, no ef-fort has been made in Tennessee to compel Seventh-day Adventists to labor upon the sev-enth day, the Sabbath of the Lord.f But the constitution of Georgia contains no such pro-vision, and in view of the revelations of hor-rible cruelty already referred to, it is easy for the imagination to picture the treatment in store for the conscientious Christian who, being sentenced to the Georgia chain-gang for loyalty to the Sabbath, refuses to labor upon that day. Some of the abuses of the Georgia chain-gang system, have just been brought into public notice by a suit which has been entered by an ex-convict against the peni-tentiary lessees for damages, for in-juries inflicted upon him by the barbarities to which he was sub-jected while serv-ing in the chain-gang. This man, Har-vey Merritt, a ne-gro, was, when he entered the chain-gang, strong and healthy. He was pardoned re-cently by the governor, only a shadow of his former self, being a complete physical wreck. Shortly after being placed in the chain-gang, Merritt was taken down with rheumatism and was unable to work. His legs and hips were so swollen that he could not walk; and yet he was refused medical assistance, and was sub-jected to the most inhuman treatment. We t Adventists have however been denied their constitutional rights in this that they have been required to make up the time "lost" by keeping the Sabbath. Other and sterner measures of compulsion are inevitable, - - EDITORS. Nos. 1-7. Seventh-day Adventists; S, Teamster; Nos. 9-11, Criminals; 12, Guard with gun. 