624 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 5, 1899. UNTIL civilization can divorce it-self from the demon of strong drink, let it not think it has any burden of duty to go to the heathen across the seas. See article on p. 612. .st WITH the war spirit so rife among the nations as it is to day, the ques-tion whether war can be in accord-ance with the principles of Christian-ity, becomes doubly interesting and important. This question is ably -discussed in this paper. See p. 613. IF you have any lingering doubts regarding the attitude of imperial-ism towards the Christian commis-sion to preach the gospel in all the world, to every creature, read in this paper what was said on the subject recently by Dr. Lyman Abbott, an ardent church advocate of the im-perial policy. Read it anyway. P. 617. ctZ READ what is said in this paper about the message which must be given to the nation at this time (p. '6101, and remember that when a message must be given, there must be some one to give it; there must be some one who will say, This is my duty. We are all of us responsi-ble for the spread of the truth after we have been enlightened by it. THE Protestant Episcopal Diocesan convention, which was in session in this city the 28th inst., resolved "That we view with sorrow and fear the wide decay in the observance of the Lord's day and the other sacred times and seasons of the Christian year." This is the first time we have heard any concern expressed over the "other sacred times and seasons"  of the year, and these might well have been more clearly defined in the report. When a "Protestant" church begins to feel so much regard for the "sacred times and seasons of the Christian year," it is getting on to the ground occupied by the Church of Rome, and for the preser-vation of the "sacred times and sea-sons" may well copy from the prac-tises of that church by which "sacred times and seasons" were first insti-tuted. The only sacred time known to Christianity is the Sabbath, the seventh day of the week. The attention of the convention might profitably have been called to the fact that the only Sabbath ob-servance which is decaying is that which is backed up by the laws of the States. That which has no aid from the civil powerŠthe observance of the seventh-day SabbathŠis not decaying, but is steadily on the in-crease. A MASS meeting to protest against Sunday work was held in Duluth, Minn., September 24, in the First Methodist Church; about five hun-dred people being in attendance. The striking feature of the occasion was that it represented a combina-tion of the clergymen and trade unions to work for Sunday enforce-ment. This has been a marked feat-ure of the Sunday-enforcement move-ment in Pennsylvania the past year; but is as yet comparatively a new thing in the Sunday movement. It is, as we have before observed, a feature of great significance. The movement in Duluth origi-nated in a desire to stop Sunday work on the city docks. The presi-dent of the "trades assembly" was the first speaker. He said the labor organizations are against Sunday labor, and advocated the enforce-ment of strict Sunday laws as the only solution of the Sunday labor problem. The necessity of Sunday observance was urged by some from the standpoint of the interests of organized labor, and by others from the standpoint of religious obliga- tion; both which reasons were corn bined as the basis of resolutions which were adopted. Somehow the meeting overlooked the very important truth that, Sab-bath observance being a duty to-ward God, as plainly specified in the moral law, its enforcement must be left to those agencies which are or-dained to secure obedience to God, and hence can not properly be enŁ forced by any human authority and power. THE "hero of Manila" was made the center of a most tremendous demonstration of honor in this city on the last two days of the month. And this furnishes occasion for ob-serving that worldly honor is a pe-culiar thing; in that, while it seems to be intended as a favor, it is really given without any regard whatever for the welfare of the recipient. For what mortal can, with safety to him-self, be set on a pinnacle of fame and deluged with flattery by his fellow-men? What injury is worse than that which vanity inflicts, what fall greater than that which pride pre-cedes? And the world knows this, but what cares the world about it? Let the victim face the danger and take the consequences, is its decision. And since worldly honor is not given to serve the interests of its recipient,. is there really any other than a sel-fish motive actuating the ones who bestow it? IN spite of all the barriers that modern sanitary science could erect across its path, the "plague" has made a steady march around the earth from India to South America, touching Egypt, Portugal, and other countries on the way. A writer who has studied the matter points out that the plague is decep-tive in its working, beginning with a few cases of a mild type in the city attacked, then apparently dying out, only to reappear later with in-creased intensity and virulence, de-fying efforts which would be suffi-cient to check other epidemics. First it is confined to the "natives" living Łin unsanitary quarters of the city; but ere long it begins to number Europeans and people in sanitary districts among its victims. Such a hold has it now secured on the great city of Bombay, that medical experts declare the city is doomed, and the scourge will not die out until it finds no more victims on which to feed. 