148 TTEIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł The doctrine of cy-pres is one of construction' and not of administration. By it a fund devoted to a particular charity is applied to a cognate pur-pose, and if the purpose for which this property was accumulated was such as has been depicted, it can not be brought within the rule of application to a purpose as nearly as possible resembling that denounced. Nor is there here any counterpart in Congressional power to the exercise of the royal prerogative in the disposition of a charity. If this property was accumulated for purposes declared illegal, that does not justify its arbitrary disposition by judicial legislation. In my judgment its diver-sion under this act of Congress is in contravention of specific limitations in the Constitution ; unauthor-ized, expressly or by implication, by any of its provisions; and in disregard of the fundamental principle that the legislative power of the United States as exercised by the agents of the people of this Republic is delegated and not inherent. There can be no doubt whatever that the Chief Justice expressed the truth in this matter according to American princi-ples. It therefore as certainly follows that the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in this case, is not true American law; that it enunciates prin-ciples which, if they become established, do actually create a revolution backwards ; and that such a thing has, in fact, been done so far as it is possible for the Supreme Court to go in the matter. A. T. J. A Few Observations. THE following paragraph under caption " The Sabbath Question," appears in the Christian Statesman, of April 23, 1891:Š A petition has just been received from the hands of T. C. Maughlin, of Stafford, Kansas, addressed to the Commissioners of the Columbian Exposition, and praying that the gates of the Exposition be closed every Lord's day during its progress. The petition bears three hundred and eighteen signa-tures. Mr. Maughlin writes that not one-fourth of the inhabitants of the country have had oppor-tunity to sign ; that all classes give their names willingly except infidels and the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. These last, though Christians, are pre-vented by their peculiar views of the Sabbath, and by their opposition to all moral aad religious ele-ments in civil government, from co-operating with other Christian people in this effort. This is about as fair a statement of the case as respects the position of the Seventh-day Adventists, as we have ever seen in the Statesman. It admits that they are Christians; that because of their peculiar views of the Sabbath (which peculiarity, by the way, consists simply in taking the Sabbath commandment as it reads) they can not lend their influence toward Sun-day-keeping; and that on account of their opposition to the introduction of religious questions into civil government, they are unwilling to unite in an effort to secure the recognition and enforcement of the Sunday Sabbath, or any other Sabbath or religious institution, by law. The observations we would make on this are these : (1.) If opposition to moral and religious elements in civil government leads to a refusal to help along a movement for the recognition and enforcement of Sun-day by law, what can the favoring of Sun-day laws be but an effort to introduce moral  and religious elements in civil government? In other words, what are Sunday laws but religious laws ? and what the enforcement of them but the enforcement of religion ? And what is the enforcement of religion but a union of Church and State ? (2.) If the observance of the Sabbath command-ment, as it reads, leads men to oppose a union of Church and State, is not the effect of such observance good ? (3.) And if the Christianity of a certain class leads them to take God at his word, and this leads them to oppose a union of Church and State, is not that a good sort of Chris- tianity to have ? W. A. COLCORD. Evil Effects of Puritanism. EVERY question of the day, generally. speaking, has both a popular and an un-popular side; for the majority of mankind, if they think at all, are apt to think as others think, depending more upon the,  judgment of those whom they esteem as scholars and men of deep thought, than upon personal investigation. But often time has proved that the unpopular view of a subject was the right one. There is no idea more prevalent at the present time than that all we have and are we owe to our " Pilgrim Fathers," and there is no idea more erroneous. The place given them in history has been given too freely, not but that they have wielded a powerful influence in our Na-tion, but that that influence is  not in its effects entirely good. The desire for freedom from religious tyranny was the motive which induced them to flee from England -to the New World. With wonderful beauty of ex-pression has Mrs. Hemans said :Š They left unstained what there they foundŠ Freedom to worship God. But is it true ? Read their old " Blue Laws." Attendance at religious worship was made compulsory; and any violation of this was punished by imprisonment and fine; a second offense by stripes; and should the offender protest, he was likely to have a red hot iron thrust through his tongue. Do you remember the persecution of Roger Williams, who was compelled to flee from them because they were attempt-ing to found a theocracy, and because he. maintained that to God, and to God alone, was he responsible for the convictions of his conscience, or the practice of any form of religion ? Can you listen to the story of the " Salem Witchcraft " ? can you read that black page in the history of our country, when innocent men and women by the score were executed merely to gratify the zeal of a superstitious and fanatical religious body, and still justify the Puritans ? But you say : " Their zeal, their fear of God, prompted them to all this." Granted! But was their conception of Jehovah the conception of a Christian ? " There is  no fear in love," and "God is love." And that charity, the greatest thing in the world, could never prompt to deeds like this. They who sought in the literal in-terpretation of the Scriptures, guidance for every matter of every-day life, must have forgotten the commandment: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Many outgrowths of puritanism exist at the present time, which from long custom we have ceased to question whether or not they be in accordance with perfect liberty. The observance of any form of religious worship in our public schools is another outgrowth of puritanism. Religion should be taught in the home; for as soon as we refer the violation of right to the law of God, we are sure to interpret that law according to sectarian views and princi-ples, and this interferes with freedom. The employment of chaplains in the army and in Congress are other traces of the old force which sought so completely to effect the total union of Church and State, though Jesus had once and forever severed them by that clean-cut statement : " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cmsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." We point to our glorious Republic, and refer all honor to the Puritans, but do we not know that the very principles on which our Constitution was founded, were in direct opposition to all puritanic ideas ? Freedom of conscience no less in religious than in civil matters was to be preserved, and no religious test was to be made as a qualification for office. But puritanic forces are working to-day, and they are all the more dangerous to our Government from the fact that they are in the hands of those who are regarded as our best people. When a New England senator introduces into Congress a bill which provides for the compulsory ob-servance of Sunday as the American Sab-bath in a manner consistent with the de-mands of a Christian Nation, and when he is supported by the National Reform Association, the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, and orders of a like nature Šwhen this is done, and thousands of American people sign a petition to Con-gress to make that bill a law, is it not time for us to stop and think ? Is this the freedom of conscience secured us by the Constitution ? Is this the freedom of conscience which is ours as a divine gift.? Is this perfect liberty ? A thousand times ŠNo. It is tyranny, religious tyranny, no less to-day than of old. It is only a step toward the establishment of a na-tional religionŠthe union of Church and State. The observance of any day of the week as Sabbath is purely a personal mat-ter which lies between man and God; then how, while liberty exists, can we consent to such a measure ?ŠA measure that binds us in an ecclesiastical servitude; which is of all subjection the most galling. Consistency of creed and daily works 