218 11-4.aalIC.AINT SIONT9PIINTMT. VOL. 9, No. 35. stantinople, who pretended to the primacy of the church. Pope Pelagio II. calls John, bishop of Constantinople, who aspired to the high priesthood, "impious and profane." "Do not care," he said, " for the title of uni-versal, which John has usurped illegally; let none of the patriarchs take this profane name; for what misfortunes may we not expect, if among the priests such. elements arise ? They would get what has been foretold for them, He is the king of the sons of pride ' " (Pelagio II., lett. 13). These are authorities, and I might add a hundred more of equal value. Do they not prove, with a clearness equal to the splendor of the sun at midday, that the first bishops of Rome were not till much later recognized as universal bishops and heads of the church ? And, on the other hand, who does not know that from the year 325, in which the first council of Nice was held, down to 580, the year of the second Ecumenical Council of Constanti-nople, among more that 1,109 bishops who assisted at the six first general councils, there were no more than nineteen western bishops ? Who does not know that the councils were convoked by the emperors without informing, and sometimes against the wish of the bishop of Rome ?Šthat Hosius, bishop of Cordova, presided at the first council of Nice, and edited the canons of it ? The same Hosius presided afterwards at the council Sardica, exclud-ing the legates of Julius, bishop of Rome. I say no more, my venerable brethren, and I come now to: speak of the great argu-ment which you mentioned beforeŠto establish the primacy of the bishop of Rome. By the rock (petra) on which the holy church is built, you understand Peter ,(pietra). If this were true the dispute would be at an end; but our forefathersŠand they certainly knew something -did not think of it as we do. St. Cyril, in his fourth book on the trinity, says, " I be-lieve that by the rock you must under-stand the unshaken faith of the apostles." St. Hilary, bishop of Poictiers, in his second book on the trinity, says, " The rock (pietra) is the blessed and only rock of the faith confessed by the mouth of St. Peter; " and in the sixth book of the trinity, he says, " It is on this rock of the confession of faith that the church is built." " God," says St. Jerome, in the sixth book of St. Matthew, "has founded his church on this rock, and it is from this rock that the Apostle Peter has been named." After him, St. Chrysostom says in his fifty-third homily on St. Matthew, " On this rock I will build my churchŠthat is on the faith of the confession." Now what was the confession of the apostle ? Here it is, " Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." Ambrose, the holy archbishop of Milan (on the 2nd chap. of the Ephesians), St. Basil of Se leucia, and the fathers of the council of Chalcedon, teach exactly the same thing. Of all the doctors of Christian antiquity, St. Augustine occupies one of the first places for knowledge and holiness. Listen, then, to what he writes in his second trea-tise on the first epistle of St. John, " What do the words mean, ' I will build my church on this rock ?' On this faith on that which said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." In his 12th treatise on St. John we find this most significant phrase, " On this rock which thou hast confessed I will build my church, since Christ was the rock." The  great bishop believed so little that the church was built on St. Peter, that he said to his people in his thirteenth sermon, " Thou art Peter, and on this rock (pietra) which thou hast confessed, on this rock which thou hast known, saying, Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God,' I will build my church above myself, who am the Son of the living God : I will build it on me, and not me on thee." That which St. Augustine thought upon this celebrated passage was the opinion of all Christendom in his time. Therefore to resume, I establish, 1. That Jesus had given to his apostles the same power that he gave to St. Peter. 2. That the apostles never recognized in St. Peter the vicar of Jesus Christ, and the infallible doctor of the church. 3. That St. Peter never thought of being pope, and never acted as if he were pope. 4. That the councils of the first four centuries, while they recog-nized the high position which the bishop of Rome occupied in the church, on ac-count of Rome, only accords to him a preeminence of honorŠnever of power or jurisdiction. 5. That the holy fathers, in the famous passage, " Thou art Peter, and on this rock I build my church," never understood that the church was built on St. Peter (super petrum), but on the rock (super petram), that is, on the confession of the faith of the apostle. I conclude victoriously with history, with reason, with logic, with good sense, and with a Christian conscience, that Jesus Christ did not confer any supremacy on St. Peter, and that the bishops of Rome did not become sovereigns of the church, but only by confiscating one by one all the rights of the episcopate. (Voices, " Si-lence, impudent Protestant! Silence! ") No, I am not an impudent Protestant. History is neither Catholic, nor Anglican, nor Calvanistic, nor Lutheran, nor Armin-ian, nor schismatic Greek, nor Ultramon-tane. She is what she isŠthat is, some-thing stronger than all confessions of faith of the canons of the Ecumenical Councils. Write against it if you dare ! but you cannot destroy it, no more than taking a brick out of the coliseum would make it fall. If I have said anything which history proves to be false, show it to me by history, and without a moment's hesitation I will make an honorable apol-ogy; but be patient and you will see that I have not said all that I would or could; and even were the funeral pile waiting for me in the place of St. Peters, I should not be silent, and I am obliged to go on. (Conclusion next week.) Too True. THE hidden aim of the advocates of church taxation is disclosed by the Boston Congregationalist, which says : " The amount of property in the United States in church buildings and equipment is very large, being in 1890, according to the cen-sus report, $679,694,439. Ł But of this amount Roman Catholics control only $118,069,746. If an attempt by Protes-tants to weaken the power of Catholics were wise under any circumstances, it evidently would not be wise for Protes-tants to advocate, for that purpose mainly, the taxation of church property." The Congregationalist does not condemn the attempt to injure the Catholics, it only calls attention to the fact that this ought not to be done in a way that will hurt the Protestant sects more than it will the Cath- olic Church. But to weaken the Catholics Šthat is the object of the champions of church property taxation.ŠCatholic Re-view. It is too true that much of the opposi-tion on the part of so-called Protestants to State aid to religious institutions is not because of adherence tot.a principle but with the view of injuring Rome. Such "Protestants" are always ready to avail themselves of State aid in any way that offers. Several denominations saw no. impropriety in accepting money from the Government for the support of mission schools among the Indians nail they dis-covered that the Catholics were getting the lion's share. Then they refused to accept further bounties from the civil power and demanded that Rome should support her own schools also. The reason for the change of front was too obvious. The time to have protested successfully was when the evil was in its infancy, and before they had themselves eaten of the Government's pottage. But the birthright has been sold, and now they find no place for repentance though they seek it care-fully with tears. Seventh-day Adventists and the Authorities of Basle. As our readers are aware, for some time in the past the police authorities of Basle, Switzerland, have been endeavoring to compel H. P. Holser, the manager of the Seventh-day Adventists' publishing house in that city, to suspend operations on Sun-day. Mr. Holser has been arrested several times, and fines have been imposed and finally collected by the sale of his house-hold effects; he refusing to pay voluntarily. Subsequent to the seizure of his goods, Mr. Holser was again arrested, a August 16 he was fined 200 francs and Mntenced to three weeks' imprisonment. If the fine is not paid, as it will not be, the term of imprisonment will be sixty-one days. Mr. Holser, who is a minister, writes thus to a brother minister in London, of his trial :Š Basle,' August 18, 1894. DEAR BROTHER WAGGONER :Š I had much more time than at former hearings, and could state our position more fully than ever, though not as fully as I should like. When I opened my Bible to read some passages, they did not seem to relish that sort of argument. This being the sixth offense, they did not seem much inclined to hear from me. The president acted as uneasy as though he were sitting over a hornet's nest; but as I had been shut off too soon a+, other times, I insisted on stating our position, arL succeeded in getting much more time than on former occasions. After I made my plea the State's attorney spoke, stat-ing that the law was very plain, that I had been pun-ished repeatedly and still insisted on working, instead of appealing to the higher authorities to settle the question as to whether the police authorities were doing us injustice, but instead had circulated a pam-phlet in the city to bring the police authorities in dis-repute. He would not advise imprisonment, for this would only be furnishing us an advertisement; but would propose a higher money fine-300 francs. He also stated that I seemed to be ignorant of the fact that the State had no creed! 1. e., nothing to do with religion. Time was then allowed me, in which I replied to the points which he made, showing that Sunday is a reli-gious day, and if the religion were taken away, our difficulty would soon cease. Sunday is to be found only where Christianity is found. And when the French Revolutionists rejected so-called Christianity, they rejected the Sunday as a part of it. Also that our work in itself was not of a nature to disturb people if they were not influenced by religious prejudices. On the green in front of our house is ten times as much noise as our work makes; there is shooting, football, companies of soldiers drilling, and officers shouting, so that the little noise which we make is entirely drowned. Yet all this does not disturb peo-ple. This proves that it is not the noise that disturbs 