184 A../011Wictil CAN S VOL. 8. No. 23. NEW YORK, JUNE 8 1893. Do not fail to read in connection with the article on the Union of Church and State in the United States, beginning on the first page, the article on page 181, en-titled,"Protestants Keeping Sunday Holy." It throws much light on the subject, show-ing, as it does, that to keep Sunday is to do homage to the Papapy. Because of the special value of these articles, we have printed quite a number of extra copies of this issue and will supply them at the rate of $1.00 per hundred. You can get noth-ing better for the same money for genuine missionary work. THAT the manhood of Henry County, Tenn., is becoming aroused, and juries refuse longer to be the mere puppets of the prosecuting attorney, is evident from the fact that two more Adventists, charged with nuisance by working on Sunday, have just been acquitted there. It is said that Judge Swiggart is opposed to the persecution. Out of twelve in-dictments found six months ago for Sun-day work, the State's attorney has not secured a single conviction, yet he is said to be determined to pursue the matter further, and other indictments have probably been returned by the present grand jury. THE Mail and Express says that " the administration is on the side of those who oppose the opening of the gates of the Chicago Exposition on the Sabbath, while it is inclined to sympathize with the other side." This must be the reason the Presi-dent went yachting on Sunday instead of ordering out the army to close the Fair gates in obedience to the modest(?) request of Mr. Crafts and the Boston preachers. THE claim that different police condi-tions exist on Sunday than on other days, and that the public peace may be dis Curbed on that day by things that do not disturb on other days, received a serious setback in Chicage, on the 29th ult. In granting the temporary injunction prayed for by one of the stockholders, forbidding the closing of the Fair gates on Sunday, Judge Stein overruled the plea that "to open the Fair would be a violation of the law of the State by disturbing the peace on Sunday," remarking that the petitioner had made no showing that there was a disturbing of the peace, or that the dis-turbance, if any, was worse on Sunday, than on any other day. This principle consistently adhered to by the courts would render null and void every Sunday  law in America. It is refreshing to find a judge who can grasp the thought that a mere annoyance of somebody's religious prejudices is not a disturbance of the peace, and is not cognizable by civil courts. BUCKLE, in his " History of Civiliza-tion," defines the functions of civil gov-ernment thus : " To maintain order, to prevent the .strong from oppressing the weak, and to adapt certain precautions respecting the public health, are the only services which any government can ren-der to the interests of civilization." THE evening World of this city, re-marks that " Attorney-General Olney goes out of his way to aid and encourage the various sectarian trusts which seek to make Sunday a closed day in America. He would be much more fittingly em-ployed in getting into the way to block the more material trusts which rob labor for monoply's enrichment." ATTORNEY-GENERAL OLNEY is quoted as personally favoring Sunday opening; but "his personal views," says the Mail and Express, " have nothing to do with the matter." Then how does it happen that the personal views and religious opinions of the Sunday people have so much to do with public affairs that they must be crystallized into laws for the government of the whole people ? A GENERAL mass meeting of the Mas-sachusetts Sunday Protective league was held on Sunday evening, the 21st ult., in Boston, to organize another and more for-mal protest against the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. A telegram was sent to the President, concluding in these significant words: " We suggest proclamation that opening will not be allowed except on mandate of Federal Court." After the telegram had been adopted Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, secretary of the league, went to the table where the re-porters sat, hard at work on Sunday, and distributed typewritten copies of the tele-gram, saying as he did so, that he hoped they would give the meeting all the space they could in Monday's papers. One re-porter suggested that the story would have to be written on Sunday, but Rev. Mr. Crafts replied that he wanted the readers of the papers to know all about the meeting. Just so ! It makes all the difference in the world, it seems, who works on Sun-day and who they work for; if it is for Mr. Crafts and his Sunday-closing scheme, it is all right; otherwise, it is all wrong. ANOTHER Seventh-day AdventistŠthe elder of the Millington churchŠwas ar-rested, May 30, in Kent County, Md., for practical dissent from the established reli- gion of that State. Other arrests are threatened. As usual only Adventists are disturbed, though the law is openly vio-lated by others. The true reason was stated recently by a Sunday keeper, in these words: " We would not notice your Sunday work so much if you did not keep Saturday." The Adventists' real offense is keeping another day. WHEN the Author of Christianity sent forth his disciples to proclaim the truths of his kingdom, he said, " Behold I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves." But if we can make ourselves believe that certain persons, now living, are his servants, we must conclude that this statement has been reversed, for they now act more like wolves in the midst of sheep. The " Rev." H. H. George, Sun-day-law champion, said last fall at Pat-erson, N. J., that the clause in the World's Fair Appropriation Bill, closing the Exhibition on Sunday, " can not be repealed. . . . We mean to maintain it at the point of the bayonet." And now, that the time has come that the Fair has been opened on Sunday, in spite of governmental interference, the following from the "hub" of this "Chris-tian Nation " is in exact accord with this wolfish spirit :Š BOSTON, May 19.ŠAt a full meeting of the First United Presbyterian Church last night the pastor was authorized to send the following telegram to President Cleveland:Š ' The First United Presbyterian Church of Bos-ton, distrusting both directory and commissioners, appeals to you to suppress Chicago nullification with Jacksonian firmness and to guard the gates next Sabbath with the troops if necessary." How far are such men from the Jesuit-ical idea that " the end justifies the means" ? THE June Arena is a mammoth number. It is probably the largest magazine ever published as a monthly issue of a review, containing one hundred and sixty-four pages, of which one hundred and forty-four are in the body of the magazine and twenty pages of carefully written book reviews by such well-known critics as Rev. W. H. Thomas, D.D., of Chicago, Helen Campbell, Hattie C. Flower, Hamlin Garland, and the editor of the Arena. Among the leading papers in this notable anniversary issue are: Insanity and Genius, by Arthur McDonald ; The Liberal Churches and Scepticism, by Rev. Marion D. Shutter, D. D. ; Arsenic versus Cholera, by R. B. Leach, M. D., is interesting and timely ; Women Wage-earners in the West, by Helen Campbell; Does the Country Demand the Free Coinage of Silver, by A. C. Fisk; Save the American Home, a striking economic paper, by I. E. Dean; Islam, Past and Present, by Prof. F. W. Sanders, one of the most scholarly religious essays of recent times, and should be read by all interested in obtaining a correct idea of what Mohammedanism is; Union for Practical Progress, by the Editor, a strong plea for the union of pro-gressive and reformative impulses for educational and practical work. Mr. Flower also contributes a striking paper, entitled, Parisian Fashionable Folly versus American Common Sense, which deals with the dress reform movement now being so vigor-ously pushed by the National Council of Women of America, handsomely illustrated. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90e 25 to 99 " " - - - 80c f t 100 to 249 " - 75c f t 250 to 499 " " " " " - 70c 500 to  999  lt f - - 65c f " 1000 or more " " "- 60e To foreign countries in Postal Union, - -5 ;billings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 40 Bond Street, New York City. 