108 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Is it according to law?" The decision of the judges will probably not be given for several weeks yet. We would gather from this action of the Union that, among other things, they considered good citizenship to consist in a stria observance of Sunday; and that good citizenship work consists in setting spies (good Chris-tians, I suppose) to watch those who congregate at the parks on Sunday to see that they do not desecrate the Sabbath!  If those who visit the park on Sunday indulge in in-civilities, or what would be considered such on other days of the week, they should be prohibited, of course ; but if this good citizenship committee is so much taken up with its own affairs during the six days of work that they will permit then what they prohibit on Sunday, simply because they consider it to be Sabbath desecratiOn, the committee would better be' discharged. their work is neither good citizenship nor good Christianity. Policy vs. Principle. E. G. Lane, Pastor First Baptist Church, Boulder, Colo. ONE of the most discouraging features of all our mod-ern life is the tendency and disposition of men to do all things for policy's sake. We find it in all spheres of life, in social, business, political and religious life. Many men, and it is safe to say the majority of men, are what they are, or where they are, for the sake of policy. Principle has very little consideration except as it is policy to haVe a principle. That heroism which prefers principle to pol-icy in the face of death, starvation and repudiation is fast dying. Principle can be bought and sold, conscien-tious convictions are sacrificed for the sake of policy. . Ł BusineSs men stoop to unscrupulous means and ques-tionable method's for policy's sake. Men join lodges, associations, clubs and fraternities, and all organizations not for the principle advocated, but because it is good policy, will add to their trade, increase income, enable them to sell more cloth or coal, more groceries or dry goods, more milk or meat. Often times the principles advocated 'by these associations are in direct opposition to those held by the men joining. Policy rules principle in the political sphere. This is marked. Thousands of politicians are what they are for what they can get. Political plums make some men ac-cept any principle. One of our public men is represented as saying that " No man could make a platform that he could not stand on." He is the representative of a large class whose principles change with the wind. And not the least discouraging feature is the fact that political parties are forcing men to surrender their prin-ciples for the sake of policy. No more infamous crime could be committed than that of compelling men to disregard their conscientious convictions and the principles of their lives. The bankers and employers who threaten their debtors and employee's  with the withdrawal of loans and cut in wages, or the withholding of work, are committing an atrocious crime. Where is the freedom of thought of which we boast? A man dare not think for himself. If he would feed and clothe his family he must not have any principles of his own, but accept those of his employers. It is a crime, a shameful crime, and the voice of blood cries to God out of the earth, the voice of millions who, if they would live decently, must bow to the will of their employers. It is a crime against honesty, a crime against liberty, a crime against humanity, a crime against divinity. These men are using money as the golden shears to sever the locks of strength of the toiling millions of man-kindŠusing money as shackles to bind Samson-human-ity to their grinding mills. Tighter have the shackles been bound with each revolution of the wheel, and harder has the task been made. The eyes of reason have been put out, burned out with the fires of poverty. But methinks I see the locks growing, the strength returning, and Samson let out for the amusement of this Philistine host. Samson-humanity weariesŠwho can wonder, with conditions hourly becoming harder, daring neither to voice nor vote principles which will remedy these conditionsŠwho can wonder at their wearying, and if not relieved, like him of old, they will ask but one priv-ilege, to lean against the pillars of State, and with one mighty lean tear away the pillars and bring down this mighty republic in destruction upon their lords, even though it cost them their lives. But the last place in which we would look for this lack of principle is in the church, yet here, it seems, we have it most. Many men are in the church not so much from principle as policy. Their profession is not based upon the principles of religion, but on the policy of their business. The cloak of Christianity is assumed to gain the confidence of the people. They seek the Lord and his people not because of his works for themŠthe dying on the cross, the agony of the garden to save them, but be-cause of the loaves and fishesŠwhat they could get out of it. They give not from principle, but policy, hoping to receive again. They make much of the profitableness of godliness in this life, and little of that which is to come. They emphasize that verse, "Give, and it shall be given unto you again," but pass over that other scrip-ture, "Do good and lend, not hoping to receive again." They give from a mercenary, and not from a mission-ary, spirit. Then, too, there are many Christians who for policy's sake will sacrifice their Christian principles: like Pilate, they deliver their Lord to be crucified. Jesus is' sold for thirty pieces of silver as truly to-day as when Judas sold him. He is betrayed by his followers into the hands of sinful men for dollars and cents. His name is blasphemed, his religion repudiated, because of these pol-icy Christians. Christianity is profitable unto this life, but he who 