THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 6'79 Sad to say, Professor Harnack stood alone in this MR. JONES: Would you be-willing, your honor, to view. The association passed a, resolution in favor listen to the reasons why I believe that I am inno-of the full protection of missionaries by the secular cent of the charge brought against me; not so much arm, -and sent a telegram to the Kaiser asking his that I may escape the punishment you might inflict assistance. Thus the members deliberately classed on me, but that justice and right may prevail and the themselves as emissaries of the state and not mes- people of this community may see the injustice of s'engers of Go J. Sunday laws. JUDGE: Of course,, Mr. Jones, that is what we are here for; to try your case and see whether you are SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT A STUPENDOUS FRAUD.° guilty or not; and as you prefer to plead your own A Scene in Court. case you are at liberty to do so. However, we would JUDGE BAILEY (addressing the prisoner): You have like you to state your reasons as briefly as pos-been summoned here, Mr. Jones, to answer to the sible, as our time is limited. charge of violating the Sunday law. Do you plead MR. JONES: Thank you. I will endeavor to be as guilty or not guilty? brief as.I can. MR. JONES: I confess, your honor, to having la- When the officer arrested me I was digging some bored on Sunday, the first day of the week, as charged potatoes in my garden. Does your honor believe in the indictment, but I deny having labored on the that the act of digging potatoes is in itself a crime Lord's day, or of having committed any crime 'against the state? Would you consider it such if against any of my fellow-citizens. done on any other day of the week? JUDGE: This is no place, Mr. Jones, to discuss JUDGE: Of course,. no one thinks that domestic fine-spun theological distinctions, but we are here to labor is in itself a crime against the state. see that the laws enacted by our legislature are MR. JoNEs: Then, your honor, if there is any obeyed and to punish the transgressor. crime in Sunday work it is not in the work itself, but MR. JONES: Do you claim, your honor, that it is because of the character of the day on which the your duty to enforce 'a law that punishes an inno- work is done, and you will agree with me that there cent man? is nothing' in which the Sunday differs from other JUDGE: I am not here to decide as to the justice days of the week except in its religious character. If or injustice of the law. The lawmakers are respon- the day differs from the rest of the days of the week sible for the character of the law. If the enforce- in its religious character, and that only, then for the ment of the law imposes pains and penalties upon state to compel the observance of that day is for-innocent persons it is the duty of the people tope- cing the religion that is 'in the day upon the people tition the legislature to change or abolish the law. and nothing else. And this Łis positively contrary. to'  So long as the law remains upon the statute books the spirit of our free institutions. The national Con-s it is my duty as judge of this court to see that it "is stitutiŁon provides that " Congress shall make no law obeyed. respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-, MR. JONES: Then I understand, your honor, that ing the free exercise thereof; " and in harmOny with if you knew that a person who had broken the Sun- this provision nearly every State constitution con-day law was innocent before God, and that he had tains, seemingly; ample guarantees of liberty of not trespassed in the least degree upon the rights of conscience. his fellow,citizens(you would punish that man by JUDGE: But, Mr. Jones, there is a civil phase to fine and imprisonment. this question, and that is what the legislature had in JUDGE: I am not convinced, Mr. Jones, if it is mind and not the religious phase. I Can hardly prOven that you have violated the Stinday law that think that our legislators would intentionally make you are innocent before God and that you have not laws enforcing religion upon the people in direct op-, trespassed aipon the rights of others. Perhaps if I position to the Constitution of the Government. were convinced that the law was wrong, and to en- MR. JoNEs: As to the motives the legislators had force, it would impose unjust punishment upon an in passing the Sunday law I' can not say. But this innocent man I might act differently,. I Łcertainly I do know, that if, the religious element 'of' the coun- would feel loth to punish an innocent man.' try had not urged it upon' the legislature they never 