ERICAN ENT1N *. ly—11111 11,...111111  .....,111111ill 14,11411 1151, II 1,ill  Ł-Ł IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, AUGUST 12, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 32. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it way know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) HE who does not understand his own rights, cannot be expected to know what are the rights of others, and in the natural course of events must develop into a despot. THE government of God is the only government which guarantees every individual under it the full exercise of all his rights, and actually secures for him all that it guarantees. -ŁŁ11.- Ł Ł  THE basis of all successful government is love. When the American people cease to love the principles of liberty upon which this Government was founded, the latter must give place to a despotism. Ho- -444- "MANKIND could be no more justified in silencing the honest opinion of one person than that one person would, had he the power, be justified in silencing the opinion of mankind."ŠJohn Stuart Mill. "EVERY institution in which the doctrine of a par-ticular church is inculcated ought, for its own sake and the State's sake, to be guarded most jealously from any connection with State support."ŠBishop Philipps Brooks. WHERE in all history is there any record of a good civil government managed by the church, or conducted upon a religious basis? On the other hand, it is easy enough to point to some exceedingly bad governments  which have been run by the Church, or have been estab-lished upon "Christianity." The pagan governments controlled religion, and they were bad enough; but the papal governments, in which religionŠand "Christian-ity" at thatŠwas the controlling power, were infinitely worse. This question is meant especially for the "Christian citizenship" and Christian Endeavor people. A LULL in the battle for the maintenance of religious liberty, does not mean that the enemy is idle or has abandoned his purpose of overthrowing it. We may confidently look for him to returnto the attack suddenly, and with greater power and determination than ever before. -4 Salvation Is Science. THE one subject of the whole Bible, is Salvation. Whatever other subject may be touched upon or dealt with in the Bible, it is always subordinate to the great subject of salvation. This fact does not stand in any way against the great truth that the Bible is science. Instead of this fact argu-ing for a moment that the Bible is not science, it argues forever that Salvation is science. Instead of standing thus: The Bible treats solely of the subject of Salvation, therefore the Bible is not science;  the true argument runs thus: The Bible is science; the Bible treats solely of Salvation; therefore Salvation is science. Salvation is truly a science. It is more than a science. itis the chief of all sciences, the one most worthy of inves-tigation. It is the science of sciences. That Salvation is truly a science is plain from this consideration : With the mind, man explores the realm, and delves into the secrets, of all other sciences. Indeed "Physical Science" is defined by a scientist as "a product of our thinking as to external things." But while it is 