358 tH1 AMERICAN' SENTINEL. enforcement of the religious laws of that State. W. F. Crafts is among the num-ber, and copies of these " Questions" have been presented to him on different occa-sions, but as yet have elicited no reply. Who Preserves the Sabbath? THE Christian Advocate, under the heading " Critical Situation of the Sab-bath " has this to say :Š If the Sabbath is to be preserved from desecra-tion under the authority of the Government, and the whole world is not to be advertised that the American Sunday has given place to a European continental Sunday, much more interest must be aroused and energy exerted. Local, political, and financial interests are combining in favor of open-ing the Fair, and the politicians know that Chris-tians Seldom bolt when trodden upon, and sinners are sure to do it. Every minister, Protestant and Catholic, and every lover of the Sabbath even from a patriotic point of view, should arouse him-self and all whom he can reach. Chicago Chris-tians should be a unit. Christian exhibitors likely to occupy large space should address personal let-ters to the members of the Exposition. In a partisan contest for civil suprem-acy between the American and contin-ental Sundays the language of the Chris-tian Advocate in this item is apt and con-gruous, but the word Sabbath, twice used, is as much out of keeping with the thought of the paragraph as it is inconsistent with the word Sunday, with which it is erro-neously paired as synonymous. The Sabbath never has been, is not, and never can be, in a " critical situa-tion." It is under the protection of the omnipotent Jehovah, and needs no other preserving hand. Let those who would think to preserve the Sabbath by the authority of Govern-ment remember Uzzah, and let those who would institute by law a "civil Sunday" consider well the stern reference of Christ to the prophecy of Isaiah, " in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." THERE is no such thing as a " civil Sab-bath," and nobody wants such a thing. A "civil Sabbath" could be nothing else than a weekly holiday, when public busi-ness would be suspended and the people be left free to do as they please so long as they are civil, just as they are upon any holiday. But that would be the "conti-nental Sunday" with a vengeance ; and that the Sunday-law advocates do not want. A SPEAKER at the Ecumenical Con-ference in Washington said, "The law which authorized Louisiana lotteries made men immoral by law." By parity of rea-soning, The law which enforces Sunday observance makes men Christian by law. Are men made either moral or immoral, Christian, or un-christian, by law ? The cases are parallel. The absurdity of the one is the absurdity of the other. ZWAtterlE0IVATt..T4 NUNS Likrtil fiSSOGiatI011 osOT JUST t°DOA AND 5  7b44 = Ł "KEEP STATE;  AND SRE. cr,q,Gh ro,EvasEpARATe-IsFR DEGIARRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as al curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submitŁ ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our guty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. " Remand the Prisoner." R. M. KING BEYOND THE JURISDICTION OF HUMAN COURTS. AN almost tragic interest accrues to the positive words of R. M. King, published in the review of the decision in his case on another page, in view of his unexpected death, notice of which has been re-ceived at the last moment before going to press. The Sun publishes the following in its obituary column.Š R. M. King, the Seventi' say Adventist, who acquired inter-State fame through being arrested for plowing on Sunday, died suddenly near Dyers-burg, Tennessee, on Tuesday. It is a year and a half since King was arrested and fined for Sunday work. The trivial case has been in the State and Federal courts ever since, and is now pending in the United States Supreme Court. The original sentence was affirmed by the Supreme Court of Tennessee. Then the defense was undertaken by the National Religious Liberty Association, which employed Don M. Dickinson and carried the case to the United States Circuit Court on a writ of habeas corpus. Judge Hammond, in an elaborate opinion, ruled that States had a right to make Sunday laws, and that the Federal Government had no right to review the State's decisions. The case was thereupon appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States, and it is not unlikely the Ad-ventists will still push the case to a conclusion not-withstanding King's death. Two National Associations. THE reader will remember that last week, in an article under this head, was presented the testimony of history upon the practical application of the principles of two national associations, namely, the National Reform Association, and the National Religious Liberty Association. The purpose of this article is to answer the question, " What does the Bible teach upon the subject of religious legisla-tion?" Since the Bible is the revelation of the will of God to man, and is the Christian's final appeal in the settlement of every question with which he has to do, we come to it with the full assurance of faith that in it we will find the needed instruction to lead us to correct conclusions on this subject. Let us first inquire, What is the nature of the work of becoming a Christian, and living the Christian life? Jesus says it is a birth from above, and a life of loving service. John 3:3, margin, 14:16. While John and Paul speak of it as falling in love with Christ, and living in love with him as a man does with his wife. 1 John 4:19. Rom. 7:4. Eph. 5 : 31, 32. Then how can the State make men Christians by law? Can the law make a man fall in love with a  woman in whom he sees nothing to love and ad-mire? We all agree that it would be absurd to attempt such a thing. Is it any less absurd to at-tempt to compel men, by law, to fall in love with Christ, and be born from above, when they see in him nothing that calls out their love and admira-tion? The whole plan of the gospel of Christ is opposed to religious legislation. The prophet Isaiah, speak-ing of the nature of the mission of Christ, says it was to preach " liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61:1. And Christ himself says the plan of sav-ing men is not driving them to be religious by law, but drawing them by love. " And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." "No man can come unto me except the Father which sent me draw him." " Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." "My sheep hear my voice, and they follow me." Christ well knew that when men saw him to be "the chiefest among ten thousand," and the one "altogether lovely," they would so fall in love with him that it would be more than their meat and their drink to do the will of his Father. And if they did not so fall in love with him, all the laws of all the governments on earth could not make a single soul render acceptable service to God. In view of this, Christ plainly declares that the extent of the just claims of civil governments upon citizens are that they render to the State only those things which belong to it, and that they then be free to render to God the service that belongs to him. " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Ccesar's, and unto God the- things that are God's." While in this passage Christ does plainly say we are under moral obligation to render certain things to Cmsar, or the civil government, he ex-pressly states that the things we are to render to God are wholly outside of Cmsar's claim ; hence Caesar has no right to compel any religious ser-vice. What commission did Christ give to his disciples when he sent them out to carry his gospel to a per-ishing world? " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them," etc. But who were they to baptize?ŠBelievers only. " He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved." Was not the Church commissioned to demand that all the ' Christian laws, institutions, and usages " be placed upon " an undeniable legal basis in the funds ental law of the land," in order to give them pow r and influence in their work?ŠNo ; Christ said, " All power is given unto me in heaven and earth," and " Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." His presence and power was to be to them all needed help. So he told them to tarry at Jerusalem until they were "endued with power from on high. " Thus equipped, without delaying to demand the State to place their " Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis," they were prepared to enter upon their work with the assurance that " My word shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and prosper in the thing whereto I sent it." Does not Paul afterward say that he could do everything through the power of the State? Far from it. His words are, "I can do all things through Christ, which strengtheneth me." And Paul's view was exactly that expressed by Christ in the gospel commis-sion. There is, then, not only no necessity for religious legislation in the plan of the gospel, but there is no place for it, and it is directly opposed to the gospel. The Saviour wants his disciples to render him willing service. His own words of invitation are, "And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come." Note the contrast between this invitation and that of the National Reformers. They would com-pel all to come, regardless of their will in the mat-ter. They go just that much farther than Christ authorizes them to go. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 