AtfausT 9, 1894. AAIIMEZI CA ik:r 255 them in moving, we are persuaded that you are gen-tlemen of-  candor and that the course you recommend is one in which you desire to protect us, as well as the public, from any difficulty. You will therefore be able to appreciate our statement and reply, as follows: We are not our own masters in these matters. We profess allegiance to Christ, whose servants we are. He bids us to go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He tells us that persecution will be the lot of those who do his bidding, but that he will be with us to the end of the world. We have no option to seek the favor of men on one hand or to escape their hatred on the other. Our business is plain and simple and we cannot vary from it without denying our Saviour and proving unworthy of the name we bear through him. For this, the highest of all reasons, we cannot agree to leave that to any other locality without giving the knowledge we are com-missioned to impart. When persons, individually, refuse to hear our Master we have no more to do and will quietly leave them, but we cannot recognize the right of any committee to decide this question for others. If the people are not willing to search the Scriptures to see if those things are so we will soon leave, but till then we must .offer them the bread of life and no promises or threats will change our stead-fast purpose. Millions of martyrs have died for the principle we hold and we are willing to meet the same end. if God wills it so. What would the Methodists of Kent Island think if a proposal was made to them to close np their churches and send their ministers away ? In the past they suffer-ed as Seventh-day Adventists suffer now, but this did not hinder them and neither will it deter us. Religious prejudice in both cases was what made the trouble. We are confident that we have a work to do similar to that done by John Wesley and his followers of the past. We therefore ask, in the name of our common Master, that we be permitted to preach the message that all may decide what to do. Another reason for declining to leave Kent Island as proposed by you, is that we have the same civil right to peacably go and come and labor in your midst as any other individuals. We aro quiet, upright citizens of a common country. It is an insult, though not intended, to ask us to leave the community like char-acters dangerous to the welfare of our fellow-men. We are not criminals and shall not accept to be treated as such without protest. We will appeal to the au-thorities to protect us in the inalienable rights of all men. Our fathers fought for the freedom of this land and we still claim it for ourselves and everybody else. We have no more privileges than others, but we are entitled to the same. Would either of the gentlemen of the committee consent to be driven from his lawful labor either by bribes or intimidation His answer is ours. We may possibly suffer for our faith but we cannot yield and still at heart be men. Civil and religious liberty are involved and we will sacrifice the principle of neither to save ourselves trouble from persons who ignore the God-given right of all men. Permit me to make a suggestion that will obviate the difficulty feared and the truth not be compromised. Let them, each and all, as men of influence and repu-tation in the locality, take an open and decided stand against the lawless persons who seek to injure us in our legitimate rights and thus destroy the peace of the public. With such assistance from you, gentlemen, we will have good order and I trust a true Christian spirit may be seen among us all. If you will labor to restrain the acts of violence contemplated instead or urging us to yield to it and violate the divine rights and duties before mentioned you will find us ready to second every effort made for harmony. Trusting that you will see the justice of our claim and stand true to principle with us, I am Yours very respectfully, H. E. Rolm/sox, Pres. All. Conf. Seventh-day Adventists. At this writing no reply has been made to President Robinson's letter, and no further violence has been offered to the ministers. 1-*  The Connecticut Blue Laws. To the Editors of The Outlook I note on page 30 in your issue of the 'it'll inst., under heading of " The Connect-icut Blue Laws," you say, in answer to your correspondent, that they " owe their origin to a certain Hugh Peters." I think this a fresh evidence that " even respectable newspapers sometimes make mistakes," as you say in the beginning of the same article. The first publication of the celebrated "Blue Laws " was in a book published in London, England, in 1781, entitled "A General History of Connecticut; by a  Gentleman of the Province." The author-ship was then attributed to, and afterward acknowledged by, the Rev. Samuel A. Peters, LL.D., who was known as " The Tory Parson." He was born in Hebron, Conn., 1735; graduated at Yale, 1757; or-dained in England, 1759; rector of Epis-copal Church in his native town 1760Š'1774, when he fled to England, returned to this country in 1806, died in New York City in 1826. His body rests in the churchyard in his native town.ŠB., in The Outlook. A Correction. IN the first notices that appeared in re-gard to the imprisonment of W. B. Capps, it was stated that he would be imprisoned for a year and nearly four months. But when the severity of the sentence was fully realized, and the papers began ti comment upon it, it appears that the clerk of the supreme court looked over his rec-ords to see whether some mistake had been made, and on second calculation he found that the fine was not so heavy. The figures as .published were based upon the official statement of the clerk of the supreme court, which statement is now on file in our office Ł but a later state-ment from the same official tells us that the aggregate fines and costs in both the supreme and lower courts amount to $68.65 which will reduce the term of his imprisonment to about nine months in-stead of a year and four months, as at first stated. A. 0. TAIT, Cor. Sec. of the I. R. L. Association. PUBLICATIONS ON THE SABBATH QUESTION, READ the following and see if there is not some publication among them which you desire to read, or which will benefit some friend The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES, No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument ; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it ; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says; what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages ; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 large octavo pages; price, cloth, $2,00; library binding, $2, 50. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond street, New York City. Kansas City. Mo, Oakland, Cal. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. Russia leather, for 2 pens ,, 3 ,, Sealskin, 2 " t  3 " Russia leather, for 4 " Sealskin, 4 " 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Win. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Ł WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra. 75 cents. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - - - .75 In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) Ss. Address, Signs of the Times, 1211i AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U.S. A ?J PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, 'Brattleboro, Vt. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. 