bEatmBER 14, 103. AVLEAL-tye.AN 357 God laid out, until Christ came himself, to bring in the fullness of the light, and we live now in the full blaze of that light which he brought to the world. The light of the knowledge of the glory, or the character, of God, is always manifested in Jesus Christ. CHRIST BEFORE HIS FIRST ADVENT. Notice two or three marked instances to show that Christ was present before he was manifested in the flesh. We have the record in Exodus, the third chapter, of Moses' experience at the burning bush. It says, in the second verse : " And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush; and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed." Moses turned aside to see why it was that this fire, burning so briskly, did not consume the bush. God called unto him out of the midst of the bush: " I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob." But as it is true now that God speaks in these last days by his Son, so it was true then that he spake by his Son, and it was Christ who was there at the burning bush and who spoke to Moses. In the eleventh chapter of the Epistle to the Hebrews the experience of Moses is mentioned; the twenty-sixth verse reads; " Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt." Moses knew Christ. Jesus Christ said to the Jews : " For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me, for he wrote of me." It is true that Moses knew Christ, and Christ was to Moses a living presence, and when he chose to join him-self with that people who were in slavery, to identify himself with a people with whom to identify one's self was a reproach, it was because he realized that Christ was there. It was because he esteemed Christ more than all the riches in Egypt. When Joshua was commissioned to take up the work left by Moses, we find an ex-perience of his recorded in the fifth chap-ter of the book of Joshua, thirteenth and fourteenth verses. Joshua went out to pray. While there, one appeared to him with a drawn sword in his hand. Joshua inquired whether he was for him or against him, and he said, " Nay ; but as Captain of the host of the Lord am I now come." The margin says "the Prince "Š" as the Prince of the host of the Lord am I come." Who is the Prince of the, host of the Lord ? Who is it that leads the armies of heaven ? " And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war. His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself. And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood; and his name is called The Word of God. And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon,  white horses." Rev. 19 : 11-11. In the gospel by John, the first chapter, the first verse and following, " In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God; the same was in the beginning with God." His name was called the Word of God, which was none other than Christ. So it was Christ who appeared to Joshua and announced himself as the Prince of the Lord's host, and then gave him instruction as to how everything was to be done. In fact, in all those experiences we have the  record that it was Christ who was with them. 1 Cor. 10 :4 : " And did all drink the same spiritual drink; for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them [or " went with them " ; and that Rock was Christ." It is not necessary to multiply instances ; there are many of them. But the point to be emphasized is this, that from the very beginning to the very close Christ is all and in all. Nay, CHRIST WAS THE AGENT by which all things were created in the first place. " All things were made by him ; and without him was not anything made that was made." John 1: 3. And this refers not merely to material things, for we read in Col. 1 : 16 : " For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisi-ble, whether they be thrones, or domin-ions, or principalities, or powers; all things were created by him, and for him." More and more appears the fullness of the meaning of the statement, " Through whom are all things." It is worth while to know how all things were created. "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." " For he spake, and it was done; he com-manded, and it stood fast." Ps. 33: 6, 9. So when, in the beginning, God said, " Let tilde be light, and there was light," it was Christ who is himself the " light of the world," who spake that word. So in every act of creation. God said let it be so, and it was so, but the word was spoken through Jesus Christ. He was the spokes-man for God. All things are of God, but all things are through Jesus Christ. It was through Christ that God has spoken in every place in the Scripture where we have the record " God said," or " Jehovah said," and "the Lord spake and said." It was Christ who indited all the writings of the Scripture. For we read in 1 Peter 1:11, speaking of the prophets : " Search. ing what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow." It was the Spirit of Christ speaking through the prophets. So all the way through the prophetic record in giving to the world history in advance, it was Christ who told the world what was to come. It was his Spirit that inspired the prophets. So it is Christ, it is Christ all the way through, Christ the agent in creation, Christ the spokesman for God, Christ whose Spirit inspired the prophets. CHRIST GAVE THE LAW. There is a very interesting fact to be noted in connection with the speaking of the ten commandments at Mount Sinai. In this case, as in the others, it was Christ who was the spokesman. Notice what is said in Acts 7 : 37, 38 : " This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear. This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the Mount Sinai." In Isaiah, the sixty-third chapter and the ninth verse, we have these words : " In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the Angel of his presence saved them." Read in connection with that Ex. 23: 20, 21: " Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. Beware of him and.obey his voice, . . .  for my name is in him." Put this with Jer. 23 : 6 : "And this is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS." These texts of Scripture brought together show of them-selves, without any particular interpreta-tion or explanation, that the Angel of God's presence who went with them, who spoke to Moses in Sinai, was our Lord Jesus Christ, and when God spoke " all these words," it was the voice of Christ that was heard. So all the way through : let it be repeated again and again. It is the point to be impressed upon our minds that, from the very beginning to the very ending, expressed in several places, where he says, " I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last," it has been Christ. There has been but one Saviour, and that Christ. There has been but one way of salvation, and that through Christ. Faith in one has saved always, and that one is Christ. It is always so. (To be continued.) Conscience and the Sabbath. THE average American citizen has little or no conscience in the matter of Sabbath observance. The question has been so long treated as a subordinate one, and the human and utilitarian element has been made so prominent, that even religious men have little conscience in the matter. Customs and prevalent modes of teaching have combined to put Sabbath observance outside the realm of religious duty in a very large degree. The mere " rest day " theory is a popular one; i. e., if body or brain need rest, it is well to rest. Upon this theory it is easy to invent methods of resting (?) which will gratify worldly tastes and desires, and benumb conscience. Upon the same low plane is the average notion concerning church going and reli-gious culture. Popular opinion says if there be a service conveniently near, where music and oratory will entertain one, it is a pleasant way of spending a part of a leisure day; but if the music be second class and the preaching common-place there is little or no conscience to compel men even to attend service on their "rest day." The rest-day theory does not necessarily, nor usually, involve the idea of sacred time, or of a divine obligation in the matter of Sabbath keeping. The Church and the pulpit are in no small degree responsible for this state of things. The current discussion shows that even Christian men are loth to discuss the Sabbath from a religious point of view so much do they plead with railroads and pleasure seekers about the "utility of a rest day." We do not object to these lower elements in the discussion, but they are merely secondary; and if men make these the prominent or foundation idea, all conscience as of duty toward God is at an end. The same is true when the "civil Sabbath " is made the prominent thing. Religious conscience is neither awakened nor cultivated by an appeal to civil law. If the Church does not take high religious ground the world will certainly drift far away from it. The work of awakening the latent conscience of the people, if it exists, or of creating it, must be done by the Church if it is done at all. Evils do not cure themselves. A revival of Sab-bathism will never be attained on the rest-day theory of utilitarianism nor the testi-mony of medical experts! Conscience toward God alone will form the permanent 