AMERICAN SENTINEL. 519 mined wholly by the will of the individual. And there-fore there is no reason why the life of every person should not be full of the manifestation of unlimited power, save that the individual wills not to receive it, by willing not to walk in the way of righteousness and life. There is no reason why any individual should not possess unli•n-ited power, by seeking to the right Source for it, upon the right conditions. And especially is there no reason why the church, set in the world expressly to accomplish the purposes of God, should seek to legislatures and po-litical bodies for the power of which it feels in need. So desirous is God that his creatures of the human family should be endued with this power, that he has poured out his Spirit upon all flesh; for thus was it prophesied of the last days. Joel 2:28,29; Acts 2:17. It is poured out, and is waiting only to be received by such as will receive it. And only such can receive it in its re-freshing fullness as are fully sanctified to the will of God. For to bestow unlimited power upon one not thus sanc-tified, would be to set the seal of GodŠhis full approval Šupon something that is unlike him, and cause him to deny himself. It is because the Holy Spirit is the embod-iment of unlimited power that it sets the seal of God upon him who receives it. God bids his church to be filled with power; not from the legislatures of earth, not from any political source, but "from on high," from his own throne. "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." "The heavens declare the glory of God," and all the works of God proclaim his power, which is the same power that is "unto salvation" to them that believe, which is unlimited powerŠthe Holy Spirit. All the handiwork of God joins in the invitation to man, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Without this no man can fight the battle that is not with flesh and blood, but with "spiritual wickedness." And in these "last days," in the climax of the long conflict between good and evil, crises are to be met in which only unlimited power can suffice to guard the soul from destruction. Then let the church, and every individual for himself, remember now "the promise of the Father," and seek for power from on high. "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." THE following paragraph, which reflects the popular sentiment as represented by the daily press, is from the New York Tribune:Š " The philosophers who believe that 'imperialism' will be fatal to the 'great experiment' had their fore-runners in the people who feared that liberty would perish from the earth with the `imperialism' of the Federal Union, and Josiah Quincy, who saw the down-fall of the republic in the acquisition of Louisiana, and the race has never since run out." To which the Christian Advocate (New York) makes this fitting reply:Š "Anything can be paralleled from human history. The hotheads who believe that 'imperialism' is 'mani-fest destiny' had their forerunners in the people who  hurried on Rome to its overthrow, who drove France into its revolution and later into its war with Germany, and who ruined all the extinct republics, and the race has never since run out. Nor has there ever been a foolish, a wicked, or a suicidal thing done by a nation that there was not a minority that pointed out the inevitable results." ik Ł -4 4 "Science" on the Immortality of the Soul. IT is quite well known that for years certain bodies of scientific men have been investigating the phenomena of modern spiritualism, with the object of subjecting to the test of science -the claim made and apparently sub-stantiated by spiritualism, that the dead are conscious and capable of communicating with the living. The first reports from these scientific commissions were adverse to this claim of consciousness after death, the various phenomena shown in proof of it being as-cribed to trickery. It was stated that science afforded no proof in support of the popular belief in the immor tality of the soul. But the belief still remained, and spir-itualism continued to claim as its due that its phenom-ena be recognized as of genuine character. And now,,  this long-sought confirmation from "science" seems about to be gained. While no positive confirmation has yet come from a scientific source, the question is asked, and in a way which implies an affirmative answer, "Has the immortality of the soul received a scientific demon-stration?" In the Literary Digest, of August 13, this question forms the basis of a lengthy discussion, in which is quoted the testimony of two men of high scientific attainments, one a professor in Harvard University, and the other a prominent member of the London Society of Psychical Research. Introductory to the statement of their testi-mony the Digest says:Š "The reading public has heard more or less of 'The Strange Case of Mrs. Piper,' a Boston Spiritualistic me-dium and mind-reader. This woman, under the tests of such able psychologists as Professor James, of Harvard University, and Dr. Hodgson, of the London Society of Psychical Research, has furnished psychic phenomena which, so far as they are accepted as genuine, tend to demonstrate scientifically the immortality of the soul. "The Society of Psychic Research was established for the purpose of examining, without bias, the alleged phe-nomena of Spiritualism. Among the mass of evidence it has collected in its sixteen years of life it has found noth-ing, up to this latest examination of Mrs. Piper, that was deemed to have established the future existence of the soul, although in the tenth report (1894) of the soci- ety the statement is made that 'between deaths and ap-paritions of the dying persons a connection exists which is not due to chance alone." Of the experiments conducted through the medium-ship of this woman, it is not necessary to speak at length. The impressive feature of them was the apparent proof 