358 C A_N R]Eivr VoL. 8, No. 45. Sunday laws are derived from and mod-elled after the Puritan Sunday laws of England. From the Puritans of England and no other source comes the inspiration which prompts the enactment and enforce- ment of such laws. . ( To be continued.) Church and State in Australia. [The following extract is from the letter of an Australian correspondent to the Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Mich. It is interesting to note the development of the agitation of the question of Church and State union which it shows, and the evidence it contains as to the origin of the revival of interest in this subject, and the part which American example and Christian Endeavor propa-ganda is playing in that far away South Pacific Continent.] IN the various churches in Australia, the young people are coming to the front, or at least, taking the most active part in aggressive work and missionary enter-prise. Throughout the colonies, Mr. Clark, from America, has organized the Christian Endeavor Societies, and from personal observation, I oan say that the meetings of these societies, and the work they do, are full of attraction, and give evidence that the Spirit of God is at work. But with the work along real Christian lines, is also work along antichristian lines in the misguided zeal of those who would enforce religious decrees through the power of law. In this field, we meet with those who are strong advocates of the union of Church and State. There is now a revival of interest in this subject, and the more the Church loosens her hold upon the hearts of the people, the more will this interest deepen, and the louder will be the cry for the aid of the State to compel men to wear a form of godliness, though its power be lacking. It is evident from the Word of God, and the luke-warm condition of the religious world, that the question of union of Church and State has come to stay, and be answered on the one hand or the other. The Argus and the Age (our leading dailies) see the danger that threatens this young State, and raise a cry of alarm. In commenting on the action of the Wesleyan conference in regard to the union of Church and State, and the intermeddling of clergymen with politics, one of the dailies says, " It is the old scheme, after which the ecclesiastical mind has never ceased to hanker, of making the world perfect by invoking the aid of the civil power." In a further paragraph, the Age warns the people not to listen to the clergy in this matter, or " they will surrender their right of choice altogether, and be driven to the polls like sheep at the crack of the clerical stock whip." These editors declared that politics is one thing, and religion another, and that the introduc-tion of religion into politics at this junc-ture, when parties are divided by issues of practical interest to the working classes, is an experiment that may be disastrous to the party of progress, and is deserving, therefore, of no encouragement. To these arguments,  the clergy reply that it is "im-possible to keep religion and politics apart," and they claim that the doctrine of the separation of politics and religion is "profoundly atheistical and immoral." It is not necessary to comment upon this answer, inasmuch as Jesus has said, "Ren-der therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Influenced by the unrest of the people, who are like blind people groping for the  path, seeking for something tangible to which to cling, Christian leaders feel the need of some power to check the disinte-grating process. Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Mr. Owen (in " Australian Sermons ") exhorts the Australians to take heed from the distress in America in allowing men to exercise the right of choice, the right to worship God according to the dictates of their conscience, and says :Š May Australia be warned off from a similar course, ere it shall be as hard for her to correct the mischief as the Americans appear to find it. In no country will American example be more closely followed than in Austra-lia. It has, no doubt, been the influence of her freedom in civil and religious mat-ters that has given to Australia the liberty to go and do likewise; but Australia is quick to note the change in America's at-titude upon the question of Church and State, and will not be far behind the feet of her elder sister, who has come of age. From the attitude of Australia to the question of the union of Church and State, it can be readily seen that missionary workers in these colonies, as in America and elsewhere, must be well posted in his-tory, in the rights of governments, the rights of individuals, and in the Word of God. FANNIE BOLTON. Melbourne, Aus. South American " Tolerance." [This extract from the missionary news of the Christian at Work is extremely suggestive of the tolerant intolerance of some of the South American States.] I CONSIDER, says Bishop John P. New-man (Methodist), of Omaha, South Amer-ica a great field for missionary work. The State religion in all States except Argentina is the Roman Catholic, and although the constitutions are generally strict in their wording as regards religion, they are generally interpreted liberally, and the Protestant/ churches are not inter-fered with. In Peru I was not allowed to preach in Spanish. It would have been contrary to the law. But I was allowed to advertise my sermon and to preach in English as much as I desired. In Chili I said to a high official, " Y4ur constitution provides that all public worship shall be according to the rites of the Roman Cath-olic Church. How is it that you allow us to hold meetings undisturbed ? " "Public worship," he answered, " we define as that maintained at the expense of the State. Your meetings are not maintained by the State, therefore they are not public. In Uruguay I inquired also according to what construction of the .constitution Protestant meetings were allowed. " Well," an-swered my informant, " the constitution simply says that the Roman Catholic re-ligion shall be maintained. It doesn't expressly forbid Protestant meetings. So we say what isn't forbidden, is allowed." A Lutheran Minister Asks Some Ques- tions. THE New York Press of Monday, Oct. 30th contained this bit of news : " The assassin of Mayor Harrison was a good Catholic." What does it mean that the largest per cent. of criminals,law-breakers, and assassins of public officials are Cath-olic ? What does it mean that the wretched coward who stole into notoriety by the assassination of one of Chicago's most pop- ular public men, is branded as a good Cath-olic ? Does it mean that the Catholic Church does not develop men of moral character and Christian virtue ? Does it mean that they do not teach the pupils in their church schools, that murder is wrong, unlawful, punishable and God-forbidden ? Does it mean that their religion is neglect-ful of giving a full and unqualified explan-ation of the curse by divine law, and the threat by human law against the destruc-tion of life ? Does it mean that the holy Decalogue is throttled and gagged by priest and sister ? Does it mean their ignoring of the fact, that Protestants are American citizens whose rights will suffer no en-croachment, without the invocation of the exact penalty of justice ? Does it mean that the law of God and this country can be hoodwinked by the cry of " the deed of a crank " ? Does it mean that the Catholic Church, refuses to recognize the killing of a non- Catholic as murder ? Does it mean that Łthe church will shield that villainous brute and murder from the tooth of the law ? Or, what does it mean that the ma-jority of outlaws are Catholic, and that many of them escape the whip of justice ? J. G. HENRY. Sunday Closing. ENOUGH energies have been expended in efforts to secure legal interference in keeping open the World's Fair on Sunday to convert, if rightly used, a great, army of souls. What has been accomplished by these well-meant efforts: may be in the right direction, and do good, but the fail-ure in the distinct purpose in view, to-gether with the present drift of sentiment, is a good, practical lesson for all Chris-tians, viz.: that the powers of the State are not the best channel through which to educate the world and promote Christian-ity. " Render therefore unto Casar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's," draws a dis-tinction we ought not to lose sight of. The Government is a machine, incapable of individual moral sentiment. It may reflect the tendencies of its people, as a whole,but cannot be made to fairly repre-sent any religious sentiment based upon spiritual obligation. Š The Congregation News. That is truth well said. If any genuine good has been gained, aside from demon-strating the utter Weakness of the law, it has come through the influence of " public sentiment," outside of law. When that public sentiment gets enough religion and conscience into it and back of it to cut loose from the civil law and trust the case to the law of God and the Bible, the be-ginning of victory will be in sight. When that time comes the false claims of Sunday will wither in the light of truth, and God's Sabbath will be restored. Until that point is reached Christianity and the Church will suffer repeated defeat and continued disaster.ŠSabbath Recorder. Ł-Ł Ł  "DURING almost a hundred and fifty years Europe was afflicted by religious wars, religious massacres, and religious persecutions ; not one of which would have arisen, if the great truth had been recognized, that the State has no con-cern with the opinions of men, and no right to interfere, even in the slightest degree with the form of worship which they may choose to adopt."ŠBuckle's His-tory of Civilization in England, Vol. I. 