AUGUST 23, 1894. .11.1VIEMIEtielt.fir SIONPINJOICA., 261 cution, nothing less, to punish men who keep the seventh day of the week holy because they labor on the first day of the week. That is for the State to interfere in a matter that belongs wholly to each man's conscience. All laws that thus un-dertake to enforce the religious observance of Sunday are, to that extent, a relic of the union of Church and State, and should be at once expunged from the statute book of every American State.-Examiner, Aug. 9. Ł-Ł-Ł  Saint Worship. AT Saint Anne de Beaupr4, a small town on the St. Lawrence River, about twenty-three miles below Quebec, is lo-cated a Roman Catholic shrine. To this shrine more than one hundred and fifty thousand "pilgrims" will resort during the year 1894. Some will come from the United States, but a majority are French Catholics from the Catholic Province of Quebec. Excursionists or " pilgrims " flock to the shrine of " St. Anne," by boat and by rail, led by their parish priest, and on landing march to the church, chanting the litany with pious ardor. They bring with them the maimed, the sick, the halt, and the blind, believing that " St. Anne " will cure them. On the arrival of a pilgrimage they immediately repair to the church of " St. Anne," where mass is celebrated for their benefit, and theu begins the worship of " St. Anne." But who is " St. Anne " ? Let a book 'entitled, " Manual of Devotion to Good St. Anne," containing. the official indorse- ment of " Cardinal Taschereau, Arch-bishop of Quebec," answer : " St. Anne is the mother of the mother of God " (p. 73), "the mother of Mary and the grand-mother of Jesus" (p. 71), "who from all eternity was more agreeable to God than all other mothers, the Blessed Virgin excepted." p. 132. Where does the cardi-nal get this astonishing information? Let the book again reply :- The sacred Scriptures speak very little of many holy personages whose destiny was bound up with the work of our redemption. A single page would con-tain all that is directly related therein of the Blessed Virgin, and scarcely is St. Joseph mentioned at all, while the life, the virtues, and even the name of St. Anne has been left in complete oblivion. The ever blessed and beloved name of St. Anne has been trans-mitted to us only by tradition and by the gratitude of Christian nations (p. 70). But why make pilgrimages to St. Anne de Beaupr4 ? Why ask "St. Anne" to heal the sick ? Is " St. Anne " at Beaupr4 ? Oh, no; only " a notable fragment of a finger bone of St. Anne " (p. 73). Where was it obtained ? St. Anne, after her holy death, was buried near Jerusalem; but later on her sacred remains were deposited in the church of the "sepulchre of our lady" in the valley of Jehoshaphat. During the reign of the Roman Emperor Trajan, in the first century of Christendom, the venerable body of St. Anne, or rather the greater portion of it, was brought over to the town of Apt, in the diocese of Avignon (France) where it is still held in deep veneration.* Concerning the removal of these precious remains, it is reported that one day a mysterious bark was seen * The " Lives of the Saints by Rev. A, Butler," a standard Roman Catholic work, indorsed by 29 bishops and archbishops, says (p. 212, Vol. 8): " Her body was brought from Palestine to Constantinople in 710, whence some portions of her relics have been dispersed in the West." The Roman Emperor Tra-jan reigned between the years 98 and 117. Therefore the body brought over to France during his reign was not " the hallowed body of St. Anne" at all, for "her body was brought from Palestine to Constantinople in 710," about six hundred years later. Twenty-nine bishops and archbishops against one cardi-nal! The chances are then Zito 1, according to Catholic author-ity, that the " notable fragment of the finger bone of St. Anne," and the half of the "hand bone," before which hundreds of thousands of devout Roman Catholics are prostrating them-selves and offering such prayers as, " St. Anne, obtain for me the love of Jesus crucified," were portions of some other egrandmother" or something. to approach the shores of France. It had neither sail nor rudder, but God was its pilot. Never had the ocean borne a greater treasure. For in the bark were St. Lazarus, with his pious sisters, St. Mary Magda-lene and St. Martha, together with several other saintly women. They were fleeing from Palestine, their country, carrying away with them [a] number of priceless relics, the most precious among which was the hallowed body of St. Anne. . . . However, on account of the reigning persecutions, St. Anne's body had to be buried in the ground to protect it against sacrilegious hands, and at length the place where it had been secreted was wholly forgotten. pp. 1-4. Not to weary the reader longer with details, this Cardinal-indorsed story goes on to say that "a miracle caused the dis-covery of the hiding place" in 792, seven hundred years after its loss. When found, it is asserted that the case bore the words : " Here lies the body of St. Anne, mother of the Glorious Virgin Mary." From the discovered body the "notable fragment of a finger bone of St. Anne" was secured and exhibited at Beaupr4 in 1670. " Finally in 1891, after long and constant entreaties, the chapter of Carcassone has graciously condescended to divide into two equal parts its valuable relics of St. Anne, namely, the hand bones, and to share this priceless object with our church." So according to this childish story there is at Beaupr4, Quebec, "a fragment of a finger bone of St. Anne" and the half of her " hand bones." This is the reason a hundred and fifty thousand " pilgrims " will visit the place this year, and prostrate themselves on the floor be-fore a glass case containing a part of the relic, and crowd, as the writer has seen, like sheep at a salt lick, around tliis decay-ing fragment of mortality, hoping to kiss the glass that covers it. The blind, the halt, and the maimed, aided by friends and relatives, struggle to touch, not the hem of the garment of Jesus, " who ever liveth to make intercession for us," but the decaying "fragment of the finger bone" of the " grandmother of Jesus." More anon. Woman Suffrage in a School Election. MUCH ill-feeling has been engendered in South Amboy by the school election. The election was the first held under the new law, and a full board was elected. The trouble has grown out of the action of the priest in charge of St. Mary's Ro-man Catholic Church, who, it is said, ordered the women of the parish to vote for the candidates of their religious faith. About the time the polls opened the Cath-olic women met in St. Mary's School Hall. From there they went to the polling place in blocks of four. All were provided with ballots. The Protestants knew nothing of this until the women began to vote in large numbers, always four in a squad. They soon found out what was going on. For the rest of the time the polls remained open there was lively work on the part of the Protestants to overcome the advantage obtained by the Catholics. The wives, daughters, and sweethearts of the Protes-tants were hurried to the polling places as soon as possible. Many of them were called from bed to cast the ballot they were entitled to. It was too late when the work of the Protes-tants commenced to avail them much. The count showed that the Catholics had elected six of the nine trustees. The Protestants claim that they will contest the election on the ground that many of the women who voted were not of the required age. it is understood that prom- inept members of the Junior Order A. P. A. will enjoin the board from entering into the discharge of their duties. This will bring the matter into court on quo warranto proceedings.-Primitive Cath-olic. Strikes in This Country in the Order of Their Occurrence. 1796. Philadelphia, boot and shoemakers, for an increase of wages. 1798. Philadelphia, same trade and cause. 1799. Philadelphia, same trade and cause. These strikes were successful. 1803. New York, sailors struck for an in-crease of wages from $10 to $14 a month. They became riotous, were suppressed, the leader convicted and sent to jail. Failed. 1805. Philadelphia, journeymen boot-makers for an increase of pay. Failed. The organizers, found guilty of conspiracy to raise wages, fined $8 each. 1809. New York, two hundred shoemakers. Successful. 1815. Pittsburg, shoemakers struck, but failed. 1821. Albany, printers struck against non-union workmen. Result not now known. 1827. Spinning girls in Cocheco N. H., against a rule that tardy employes should pass through a certain room and submit to ques-tions as to the cause of their tardi-ness; also against reducing their wages.  1830. The crpenters and masons of 13os-ton for ten hours as a day's work. Failed. 1834. (April.) The laborers on the Provi-dence Railroad system struck, be-came riotous, and were suppressed by Massachusetts militia. 1835. Operatives of twenty mills in Pat-erson, N. J., struck for shorter hours. Failed. 1835. Coal handlers of Philadelphia for ten hours a day. Without result. 1835. Journeymen shoemakers of Phila-delphia struck for shorter hours and more pay. Strike successful. 1836. Dam builders in Maine for the right to smoke at work. Successful. 1836-42. Fifteen strikes-ten unsuccess-ful, three without positive advan-tage to either side, two successful. 1842. (February 5.) Iron makers of Pitts-burg, for a fixed wage scale. Un-successful. 1842. (August.) Weavers of Philadelphia, for more wages; great disturbances. lasted till January, 1843, resulting in a compromise. 1843. (May.) Brickmakers. 1845. (May.) Iron workers of Pittsburg, for higher wages. Successful. 1848. Many strikes in-Philadelphia. Gen- erally successful. 1848. Weavers in Fall River, Mass. 1849. (December.) Great strike in iron in- dustries in Pittsburg, accompanied by riots, beating nonunion men ; wives and daughters of strikers join with them. Failed. 1850-60. Many strikes of small impor-tance, and generally unsuccessful. 1850. (February 22.) Many strikes of Massachusetts shoemakers. Militia quelled the riots. No record is found of labor disturbances during the war. 1868. Fall River spinners and weavers, 