THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 211 each soul, and not a torch to literally or figuratively kindle fagots around those whose inner consciousness did not respond to the law of love he taught and lived. " Render unto Cmsar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's," carries by implication a command of solemn and weighty import. It clearly discourages any attempt at a union of Church and State; and in this, and other teachings which no less solemnly impress these thoughts, the splendid foresight of the great Master is strikingly emphasized. For wherever and whenever the Church has defied the injunction to keep pure and unspotted from the world, and has suc-ceeded in uniting with the secular, reli-gion has been debased, the supreme right of liberty of conscience, has been outraged, persecutions have flourished, and not in-frequently the State has been, through this alliance, transformed from a just pro-tector of her children to an insane monster, who glutted her religio-political appetite on the richest and purest blood of the ages. That Jesus foresaw this result is probable, and hence he so strenuously discouraged everything which exalted the letter over the spirit of pure and un-defiled religion, which must ever be the soul of love, toleration, compassion, mercy, and divine justice; and by divine justice we must not imagine the insane and brutal barbarity which has, during a savage past, masqueraded under the mantle of divine equity. . . . In the days of Jesus, the orthodox or conventional religion of Judea was a body without a soul. The fire and love of earlier days had gone out; materialism had penetrated its vitals,- and with that blind, in%tinctive consciousness, which would Make a Wounded lion roar to terrify, the approaching hunter, conven-tional theology elevated the law, and as-sailed all who in any degree set aside the form or outward observances of the Church. And here is a fact worth re-membering : a religion which has become autocratic, always seeks the aid of coercive force, asking the succor of the secular arm. Furthermore, she always seeks to parade her piety, as in the case of Judaism in the days of Jesus, when she whitened the exterior of the sepulchre and cleansed the outside of the cup and platter. It was so in the Grecian world in the days of Socrates. It was so in Asia Minor when Christianity was first being proclaimed. " Great is Diana" became the slogan which preceded a persecution in Ephesus. It was so in Rome when the head of the empire, as has been observed, was at once emperor, priest, and atheist. And it was so after the early Church began to stifle the voicing of the soul in deference to the power, wealth, and viciousness of a soulless, secular spirit. So much for the attitude of Jesus in refer-ence to the externalization of religion, or the union of Church and State. I next wish to notice how, when, and where SUNDAY LAWS originated, as there seems to be so much confusion of thought on this subject. Some devout people seem to imagine that Christians are still under the old Mosaic law,Šwhich never applied to Sunday,Šand which made it a capital of-fence to even gather sticks on the Sabbath. Others seem to think that Jesus or the Primitive Church sanctioned by precept or example the union of Church and State, or the right of the people to dictate to the State, or the right of the Church to dic-tate to the State how people who do not accept the teachings of the Church shall  conduct themselves. Hence a brief glance at the origin and rise of Sunday laws may be helpful before we notice the problem with its special bearing upon the present agitation. FIRST SUNDAY LAWS. Says Neander in his " History of the Christian Religion " : "One of the first, if not the very first, of the laws secured by the bishops in behalf of the Church, was enacted about A. D. 314, ordering that on Friday and on Sunday ' there should be a suspension of business at the courts and in other civil offices, so that these days might be devoted with less interruption to the purposes of devotion.' " It is well just here to note the degrada-tion of the Church before she had come to the point where she sought any favor from or alliance with the secular powers. I quote from Eusebius, who, in describing the condition of the churches immediately prior to the Diocletian persecutions, de-clares that "Prelates were inveighing against prelates, people were rising up against people, and hypocrisy and dissim-ulation had arisen to the greatest height of malignity." The edict secured from Con-stantine in 314 or thereabouts, ordering the suspension of business in the courts and civil offices on Friday and Sunday, was what would now be termed the entering wedge for iniquitous religious legisla-tion ; legislation which, without question, checked the progress of European civili-zation centuries by exiling free inquiry, outlawing science, manacling thought, placing a premium on credulity and hy-pocrisy, and destroying the noblest, purest, and most truly regal natures of the suc-ceeding ages. When theologians or other classes succeed in securing an entering wedge, they are' much like the proverbial lion who tastes blood, they become insati-able; hence, we soon find the bishops again importuning the sun-worshiping, Apollo-loving, pseudo-Christian Emperor Con-stantine for more laws. The royal pagan, while desiring the aid of the now powerful clergy, was not prepared to cast aside the god to 'whom he had made burnt offerings in 308 * and for whom he had ever enter-tained more affection than for any other deity in the Pantheon; hence, in his fa-mous edict of 321 (which marked in a startling manner the union of Church and State in precisely the manner inferentially forbidden by the founder of Christianity), we find the emperor employing the follow-ing significant language : On the vener-able day of the SUN let the magistrates and people residing in cities rest, and let all workshops be closed. In the country, however, persons engaged in agriculture may freely and lawfully continue their pursuits, because it often happens that another day is not so suitable for grain sowing or for vine planting; lest by neglecting the proper moment for such operations, the bounty of heaven should be lost." This was the most signal victory won by the new Christian hierarchy in its efforts to destroy the religion compre-hended, emphasized, and taught by Jesus, and for the substitution of a new pagan-ism moulded after the fashion of the pre-vailing religions of earlier times; and from that day we find the pure, simple life reli-gion, established by Jesus, which was so well nigh formless and riteless, lost in the * In 308 Constantine gave public thanks in a celebrated temple of Apollo at Autun, and presented a magnificent offering to the god. Meander. pageantry of a mongrel politico-religious system, in which the paganism of. Rome and Greece was blended with the ritual-istic fancies of ancient Judaism. It will further be observed that this first compre-hensive Sunday law did not in any way recognize Christianity; it was Apollo's day, the venerable day of the sun, of which the emperor spoke. On this point Milman observes : " The rescript com-manding the celebration of the Christian Sabbath bears no allusion to its peculiar sanctity as a Christian institution. It is the day of the sun which is to be observed by the general veneration. But the be-liever in the new paganism, of which the solar worship was the characteristic, might acquiesce without scruple in the sanctity of the first day of the week." No references were made to the Judaistic law or the risen Lord. It was a law passed largely to please the worldly minded and ambitious clergy of the new Christian theocracy, but to all intents and purposes it was a recognition of the ancient sun worship; hence, Duray, in his history of Rome, well observes : "A law of the year 321 ordered tribunals, shops, and work-shops to be closed on the day of the sun, and he [Constantine] sent to the legions, to be recited upon that day, a form of prayer which could have been employed by a worshiper of Mithra, or Serapis, or of Apollo, quite as well as by a Christian believer. This was the official sanction of the old custom of addressing a prayer to the rising sun. In determining what days should be regarded as holy, and in the composition of a prayer for national use, Constantine exercised one of the rights belonging to him as Pontifex Maximus, and _it caused no surprise that he should do this." I have cited these facts because they throw some light on the first Sunday laws, asked for by an ambitious, worldly, and arrogant priesthood, and granted by the great Pagan - Christian emperor, who courted the Church and praised Apollo. From the fulsome flattery exchanged by the emperor and the bishops during this time, it is evident, however, that each understood the wishes of the other, and each had a well defined object in view, which Draper thus aptly expresses in his " Intellectual Development of Europe " : " It was the aim of Constantine to make theology a branch of politics. It was the aim of every bishop in the empire to make politics a branch of theology." Sunday legislation is directly opposed to the genius of primitive Christianity. It is an insult to Jesus, as it runs counter to the spirit of his positive teaching. It is a pagan after-thought; it is an attempt to raise the letter at the expense of the spirit of true religion. It displays the supremacy of the carnal or worldly minded over the spiritual, and in it he who runs may read the shrivelling of the soul of true religion. HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF. Many tactics now being resorted to by organized conservatism are singularly like those employed by the corrupt and ambi-tious bishops in the days of Constantine, and still more relentlessly pushed by the Church in later times, when, after having sold her birthright of love and purity for civil power, she sought to make all men obey her arbitrary commands. Take, for example, the recent extraordinary action of an organized body of pietists who sought to make the success of the World's Fair conditional upon the Government's 