S MONTHLY JOURNAL END REVIEW W.11. DAWSON F. A. ATKINS THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 191 county are too cowardly to enforce the law. Re-member, too, that if we allow one violation, we throw down the gates for the admission of all moral transgressions." So it is that these excise cases are a school for practice, preparatory to the attainment of the full enforcement of Sunday laws against all. AT Oskaloosa, Iowa, over two hundred arrests have lately been made, and five hundred informa- tions filed for alleged violations of the Sunday laws. A SEVENTH-DAY Adventist at Malvern, Arkansas, has received letters signed, "The City of Malvern," warning him that unless he stops working on Sun-day he will receive one hundred lashes and be required to leave the State. WATSESSING, New Jersey, and its Methodist Church, is all torn up over bicycle riding on Sun-day. The Methodist minister has made a text of some young men of the town who indulge in Sun-day bicycling, and partisans of both sides are waxing warm in their attack and defense of the custom. ON June 7, Mr. Layton, of Ohio, presented in the House of Representatives, " Resolutions of District Grand Lodge, No. 2, of the Independent Order of B'nai B'rith, Ohio, protesting against the action of any and all governments, having treaty relations with the United States, whereby any of our citizens are discriminated against because of their religious faith." THE Episcopal Church has, almost universally, maintained a neutrality in the strife to compel the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, but the Diocese of Long Island, at its Annual Diocesan Convention, lately held, has made itself an un-worthy exception and passed resolutions in refer-ence to the Sunday closing of the Fair, and also favoring the enforcement of the Sunday laws in the Long Island towns; giving special mention to Newtown, Woodhaven, Maspeth, and Bowery Bay. THE annual summer revival of the Sunday laws of Asbury Park has begun, and this time it has the electric street cars to attack. The Sun, of June 6, has the following:Š " In spite of strong protests made by clergythen and church members here, the cars of the Seashore Electric Railway Company were running all day. A. S. Hickley, the Superintendent of the line, has published notices to the effect that in deference to the wishes of the people, as expressed in a petition sent to the officers of the company, the cars will be run on Sundays until further notice. The people who are opposed to Sunday traffic and travel threaten to apply to the State authorities. The cottage owners at North Asbury Park are deeply incensed at the attempt to stop the cars, and they in turn threaten that if they can not have Sunday cars that they will cause the arrest and prosecution of all merchants and livery stable men who do business on the Sabbath. As the ancient Blue Laws are still on the statute books, the liberals, as they are called, can make a great deal of trouble. The liberals met at the cottage of one of their members last night, and after a long discussion, decided to have the Sunday laws strictly enforced in case the church people should succeed in having the cars stopped on that day. No little amount of bad feeling has been already caused. The charter of the company, which was granted by the Board of Commissioners of the town, gives it the right to run cars on Sundays." Tins is the way the discussion on the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, in the House of Rep-resentatives, appeared to the Washington corres- pondent of the Examiner:Š On Wednesday and Thursday of the week when our anniversaries were in session, the House of Representatives was considering, in Committee of the Whole, two questions, whether the World's Columbian Exposition should be opened on Sunday, and whether the sale of intoxicating liquors be al-lowed. The contest was a very animated one, in-deed, and you will have to watch the matter with eagle eye or they will get ahead of you yet. There is creeping on us a sentiment that all museums and expositions should be open on Sunday afternoons, at least. This opinion is cherished not only by the foreign element, but good Presbyterians of my acquaintance, after a sojourn on the continent, return converted to the new idea. In the debate which sprung up in the House Committee of the Whole over the Exposition appropriation, Mr. Johnstone, of South Carolina, introduced this amendment: "Provided, That no part of the amount hereby appropriated shall be available un-less the doors of the Exposition shall be closed on Sunday. " The opposition to this was most ingenious. Few members of the Committee had the hardihood of Mr. Bland, of Missouri, to pronounce all such provisions as " rot. " One gentleman, a distinguished lawyer, inquired whether the laws of the State of Illinois did not cover the ground, and, again, whether the United States Government had any right to legislate on this matter. Amendments were piled on, and amendments to amendments, and substitutes. One provision laid an embargo upon nude painting and statuary, another upon gambling, another upon intoxicating liquor, and still another resolved that the Government exhibits at the World's Fair should not be opened to the public on the Sabbath day, which is Saturday. It was most ingeniously and ably argued that all such legislation is unnecessary. The Commissioners of the World's Fair are able men and know the peo-ple's wants. They understand also that there are rigid laws in Illinois on Sunday, and drinking, and gambling, and public morality. It seems like im-pugning their good faith to pack on the Sunday civil bill new legislation which is unparlianientary, and which at the same time would be a reflection on able men. The upshot of this parliamentary sham-battle was most amusing. What the Com-mittee finally did pass was Mr. Dockery's substitute that the Government building, a very small part of the Exp,,sition, should not be opened to the public on Sunday. This left Mr. Johnson on the third base, so to speak, with his side knocked out. The motion to close the World's Fair on Sunday was defeated by parliamentary law. The Com-mittee will recommend Mr. Dockery's substitute to the House, and we will probaoly have a yea and nay vote on the whole bill. The good people of Illinois have the matter in hand so far, and may or may not close the Exposition as they choose. Sitting in the gallery of the House of Representa-tives as a disfranchised American citizen, I have often wondered how far the voters of my country charged up to themselves the acts of the very men for whom they voted. If the Exposition is open on Sundays, it will be due to the conduct of the accredited representatives of American Christians. So this was a sham battle ? But sham battles are part of the drill in preparation for actual conflict. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION. ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed of ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. "The only paper of its kind in the world" THE MAGAZINE FOR YOUNG MEN "Young men are a power to-day in the church and the world and a monthly that appeals directly to them can not fail to find a wide constituency. The new periodical seems admirably adapted to fill an unoccupied niche."ŠChristian Intelligences. UN PER Ms SINGLE Cot 10 CBI 0, PUBLISHED BY FLEMING H. REVELL COMPANY, j NEW YORK, 30 UNION SQUARE, E. CHICAGO, 148 & 150 MADISON ST. FATHERS OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. BY E. J. WAGGONER. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same hi all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the princi-ples of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adop-tion of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, developed the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of pa-ganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English cloth, sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent post-paid for $1.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS ŠBY J. M. HUTCHINS.-- This book has been out Wit a short time, but it has attained a large sale. It is a book whit I to all classes of readers. As a work of art it surpasses arrytitmg of the kind which has ever before been attempted. The Yo Semite Valley is now the leading attraction for tourists, and it is visited every year by thousands. It is one of the wonders of the world, and this work written by a man who has lived se long amidst these scenes is one which all will be eager.to  possess. IT IS A COMPLETE HISTORICAL AND DESCRIPTIVE SUMMARY OF THE GREAT VALLEY AND ITS MARVELOUS ŠSURROUNDINGS.Š A Book of Thrilling .Interest. All who have seen the volume pronounce it the most intensely interesting work published on the Pacific Coast. MORE THAN ONE. HUNDRED ILLUSTRATIONS. Price, in Flexible Cloth, $1.50; Heavy Paper covers, $1.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. Or Oakland, Cal 43 Bond St., New York City. THE "MEDICAL MISSIONARY." This little monthly ought to be in the hands of every person interested in missionary work at home or abroad. The Medical Missionary is the organ of the International Health and Temperance Associa-tion, and every month contains articles of live interest which do not appear in any other publica-tion. Each number is illustrated. The subscription price is 25 cents a year; the sum barely covers cost of paper and printing. The subscription price may be sent in postage stamps, postal note, or postal order, as is most convenient. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. 0. 0 H Id 0. ui C.) 0 0 0 z III 0. H UI SAMPLE COPIES MAILED ON APPLICATION 