z N N T.. OF LIBERTY. 635 ;effect by their declarations, such, laws enter into the sanctuary and participate in the sacredness of its character. But the man who quotes as precedents the abuses of tyrants and robbers pullutes the very fountain of justice, destroys the foundations of all law, and thereby removes the only safeguard against evil men, whether governors or governedŠthe guard which prevents governors from becoming tyrants and the governed from becoming rebels." What may be learned from the words of Mr. Burke aside from the truth that " it is a contradic-tion in terms, it is blasphemy in religion, it is wickedness in politics to say that any man can have arbitrary power" ? Comparing them with the utter-ances of those who sneer at the Declaration of Inde-pendence, this may now be seen: That in the clos-ing year of the nineteenth century the claims and arguments of men, speaking for a republic and from the standpoint of republicanism, are such as were arraigned in a monarchy more than a century ago by statesmen, claiming to speak only from the standpoint of just monarchical governent, as beyond the rightful claim of any earthly authority. That is to say that the English monarchy was more republi-can in its fundamentat principles and laws a century ago than is the. American Republic to-day according to the utterances and claims of those who profess to speak for it. Byway of illustration: Mr, Burke said that no man or any number of men could rightfully govern others according to their will and 'pleasure. Within the present year it has been declared in the Con-gress of the United States by men speaking of peo-ple for whom they were at the time framing a gov-,ernment in disregard of the protests of that people, "' We will govern them as we please." Mr. Burke declared that not only was it impossi-ble to receive or obtain arbitrary power by conquest .or compact,,but, taking his stand squarely upon the doctrine of inalienable rights, said that such power could not be had over a people even though they them-selves Were perfectly, willing that it be exercised, for "", men can not covenant themselves out of their rights." For simply going so far as to say that it was.unjust and tyrannical to receive or claim such -power as the result of compact and conquest United `States senators have been denounced as " traitors , in law and traitors for whom no 'sentimental sympa-thizers would go bail," and with others as " rebels " and " fomenters of armed rebellion." Bad they  gone the length that Mr. Burke went, and the length that the Declaration goes, their conduct would no doubt have, been deemed flagitious beyond the power of language to describe. From the fact that the true principles of the English monarchy in the closineyears of the- eight-eenth century were more liberal and tolerant of the rights, of men, than are the principles avowed .far the American Government as it starts on the eve of the twentieth century on its career as a "world-power," it is perfectly plain.that as far as republican principles are concerned' in this country a time of retreat, and repudiation, has arrived. To-day in the Republic of the United States the principles, of Pro-testant, republican, and constitutional government are of far less value in the -estimation of the avowed friends of republicanism than were those principles more than a century ago in the estimation of the citizens of a monarchy. J. D. B. *4.  THERE ARE NO, MORE SELF-MADE MEN. At Least They Must Conceal the Fact if They Are and Claim High Descent. "FROM the highest home to the lowest in America this idea of caste has entered, destroying our old, high ideals and making us pretentious' and vulgar," writes " An American Mother," of " How We Can Lead a Simple Life," in the October Ladies' Home Journal. "The idle rich than covets high social place with a hunger' that is both' ridiculous and tragic. If he has money enough he buys a titled husband for his daughter. He tries to establish a precedence for himself over his neighbors by claims of high descent. Nor is this appreciation of rank confined to the leis-ured class in this country. It is universal. No can-didate for office finds it necessary now to pose as a self-made, man or to put his respectable ancestors out of sight. The self-Made man is no longer the popular hero. On the contrary, noble ancestors 'are in such demand that if we, do not have them we in-vent them as we do air-brakes or motors, or anything else necessary to our well-being and comfort. The rich American finds it as easy to have a Coat-of-arms and a pedigree as to have a dress-coat. He seldom goes to Burke Or the Heralds' C011ege for these things. He plants and grows his own family tree as does his maple at, the front door." 