                       Future of Religious Law in the United States. States. To the intelligent and God fear-ing student of prophecy is given a gen-eral understanding of what this is to be; but the details are with God alone. W. H. M. sion prevails quite generally that a collec-tion of individualsŠa community or a State--possesses authority of a higher kind than that which would be possessed by the individuals separately. But let us ask, where did the community or State get such authority ? Where can it get any more authority than is granted it by the individuals composing it ? and how can they grant it authority which they do not themselves possess ? A can say to B, or to C, or to D, You must not do anything to interfere with my rights,Šmy life, my liberty, my property, etc. ; and B or C or D can say the same to him and to all others; but A has no right to say what B or C or D shall do outside of that which concerns his own rights, nor has B or C or any other, such a right; and having no such right individually, they do not have it collectively, no matter how many of them there may be. No one of them got his rights and liberties from the others, but from his Creator, who, as the Declaration of Independence says, endowed him with them; and, therefore, only his Creator can rightfully take them away. Otherwise than this, he can be deprived of them only by forfeiture for misconduct. The purpose of governments, as the Declaration of Independence asserts, is to protect these rights,Šthe rights of the individual. Governments are not insti-tuted merely to run themselves, to become rich and great and powerful at the expense of the individuals composing them, and to perpetuate themselves regardless of the wishes of the governed; but to protect each individual in the enjoyment of his rights. The individual could not well protect himself against all others, so each delegates his right in this respect to certain ones chosen to make laws and preserve peace and order, and who are backed up by the power of the people who choose them. This is what constitutes govern-ment in its republican form,Šthe dele-gation of the power and authority of the people, the individuals, to their represent-atives. And this is done, directly or in-directly, by means of an election, in which each individual has an equal voice. The people do the governing, and those chosen to office are but the servants of the people, to carry out their will, and not in any sense rulers over them. Governments should, therefore, exercise themselves in doing what they are insti-tuted to do; viz., protect the people in the enjoyment of their rights; and outside of this they have no authority whatever; and governments, in their popular form, are but the expression of the will of the majority. The majority can and must rule in the sphere which governments are instituted to fill, in prescribing the man-ner in which the purpose of government,Šthe protection and preservation of individ-ual rightsŠshall be carried out, whether that government be municipal, State, or national. Beyond this the majority have no right, and should have no reason to go. And let it be remembered that while popular governments represent the will of the majority, they are instituted to protect the rights of the minority, Šthe individual. The moment, therefore, that the government undertakes to regulate an individual's conduct in matters which do not concern the rights of others, it begins to do just the opposite of that which it was instituted to do, since it begins to in-vade, not protect, the rights of that one. When, therefore, we hear it said that Mr. A or Mr. B must stop doing as he does, WHAT is to be the future of religious law in the United States? is a question which may. well be asked with serious misgiving. So far its progress has been continuous, and, of late, rapid. The judiciary is in servile subjection to the religious idea in legal precedents. The judiciary rules. The jurisdiction of the judiciary is increasing and extending year by year. That class and clique which controls the courts will govern the Na-tion. Constitutional principles are no longer of authority. No one refers to them, no one asks what they are. The question is, What does the court say? And the court asks, What has the court said ? That answers the question in part. Its progress will continue. The greatest system of organization that the world has ever seen is now on foot, and well begun, to make religious law supreme throughout the nations of the earth; that is, to secure civil jurisdic-tion for that which shall be accepted as the Christian religion. The idea of or-ganizing for this purpose, and the organ-ization itself, had its origin in this coun-try. The organization is remarkably adapted to secure the attainment of its purpose. Its character is two-fold,---reli-gious and legal. It is consistent that it should be so, historical, logical, necessary. History shows this same alliance to have always been made heretofore when sim-ilar results were sought. It is logical that when man attempts to reverse the righteous order of things, and, instead of making God's cause his own, attempts to make his cause God's, he should strive to attain his end by human means. It is necessary, for God is party to no such re-versal of right; he is not deceived. This organization claims to have forty millions of adherents in the United States; it claims to have sent petitions represent-ing over twenty-six millions of these to the authorities demanding that the gates of the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. It makes no difference that this is the most gigantic falsehood of the day. t This is the age in which truth is crushed to earth. So great is the prestige of this organization that under the magic influ-ence of its religious " presto change," fraud becomeS fair dealing, falsehood truth. Proceeding according to its motto Š" All is fair in religion, law and legis-lation,"   it terrorizes judges and legislators until they openly plead that it is " bad politics" and "unwise statesmanship" to oppose its nefarious designs. Although this is one organization in effect, it is not in name. Its name is legion. Under these different names it numbers within its membership all grades of society, all ranks and conditions of life, all ages and both sexes. Never before was there such a massing of forces for any purpose, much less such a purpose. Upon the measure and character of suc-cess which Providence shall permit to this great and militant apostasy depends the future of religious law in the United Limitations to Majority Rule. IT is a commonly heard expression that in this country the majority must rule. While this is true in some things, the prin-ciple is not one that has a universal appli-cation. There is danger that it may be ex-.  tended altogether too far. At the present time there seems to be an urgent need of a better understanding by the public upon the subject of the boundaries of the domain of popular government; for there are in-dications of an ignorance upon this point which can not fail to be attended with grave wrongs to individuals and evils to the State. It ought not to be disputed by anyone that there are limitations to the principle of majority rule. The majority can not prescribe rules for the minority in every-thing, no matter how small that minority may be. If it can, there is no such thing as individual rights, for that which is subject to the will of a majority is not a right. A right is something which, in its very nature, is inherent in the one pos-sessing it, independent of the will of all other persons. Otherwise it would become but a mere privilege, such as a superior might grant to an inferior, and take away again at his pleasure; and the saying would be true that " might makes right." But it is one of the fundamental principles upon which our Government stands, that " all men are created equal." It is not the pre-rogative of any one to be lord over any other, to prescribe rules by which he must live. They are equal in that all have an equal right to think and act as suits their inclinations; and this right is also limited, for the very fact that all are equal forbids each to do anything which would encroach upon the rights of his neighbor. For that which would interfere with the rights of others is not a right. Rights can not con-flict. Rights run in parallel lines, never crossing, never clashing. All individuals have rights. The Dec-laration of Independence declares that " all men are created equal," " and are en-dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness ;" and the same great truths are embodied in the fundamental principles of English and American law. (See Cooley's Edition of Blackstone's Commentaries, book 1, and introduction.) " Life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness," are general terms, but it is not left for governments arbitrarily to define the limits to which these rights extend. There is a natural limit already fixed for each and every individual, and that limit, as has been said, is the line which bounds the rights of his neighbor. The rights of one must not be made to conflict with those of another. It may be generally stated by saying that every man has a right to do whatever he will, provided that in so doing he does not interfere with the like right of any and every other person. These rights are a necessary consequence of the fact that all men are created equal. This fact gives to each one equal authority and leaves no one with any natural author-ity over and above another. The impres- 1.The method of petitioning adopted, made it not only pos-sible that the same individuals should be counted again and again, as petitioners in favor of various measures of religious leg-islation, but rendered it inevitable that such should be the case. All the members of whole denominations were counted as peti-tioners, on the strength of the action of their highest representa-tive bodies; then similar action was taken by the minor organiza-tions within the denominations, down to churches and Sunday-schools, until tens of thousands had been counted from two to five times. And to crown the iniquity, over seven millions of Roman Catholics in the United States were counted as favoring religious legislation, on the strength of Cardinal Gibbons' indorsement of Mr. Crafts' petition for a national Sunday law. 