776 ' AMERICAN SENTINEL. At the time which our lesson covers, Nehemiah was at the head of this family government. Israel had re-turned from Babylonian captivity, whither they had been taken because they kept not the Sabbath. See 2 Chron. 36:14-21. Now that the seventy years of cap-tivity were at an end, and the people were in their own land again, it was a terrible thing to begin at once to do that which had before brought such calamities upon them. It is not to be wondered at that Nehemiah was greatly aroused over it. Remembering that the whole people were really one family, for Jacob was the father of all, we read the commandment concerning the Sabbath: "Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20:8-11. There is no question that every man has the right to demand that the Sabbath shall not be profaned in his house, either by servants or visitors. It is his duty to see that tradesmen do not deliver goods on that day. He has no right to enter into the homes of others and say how they shall do on the Sabbath, but he him-self must keep the Sabbath, and that means that he must not allow the Sabbath to be profaned on his premises. Nehemiah was under God the leader of this family. He was the leader of the church. As such it was his province to exhort all the members of the fam-ily, and to warn strangers that they must not come upon the premises for the purpose of doing business on the Sabbath day. But this no more gives the rulers of ordinary governments the right to legislate concerning Sabbath-keeping, than it gives them the right to say whether or not men shall be Christians. The two cases are not at all parallel. The Christian Attitude Toward War. "The Literary Digest." THE Rev. Dr. Alexander MacKennel, one of the Brit-ish representatives at the recent International Congre-gational Council, in his address (reprinted in the Hart-ford Seminary Record, November) took a survey of the question of international relations in the light of recent history. At the opening of the first International In-dustrial Exposition on May-day, 1851, in London, he says, the nations were apparently learning the great lesson of their interdependence, and that for one nation in the universal brotherhood to wage bloody war on another people is as though the right hand of a man  were stabbing the left hand. The eve of the fulfillment of Tennyson's prediction seemed near:Š "Till the war-drum throbb'd no longer, and the battle flags were furl'd In the Parliament of man, the Federation of the World. There the common sense of most shall hold a fretful realm in awe, And the kindly earth shall slumber, lapt in universal law." "It was a generous forecast," remarks Dr. MacKen-nel, "but it left human nature out of the account. The girders of the Crystal Palace were hardly removed from Hyde Park when the Crimean war broke out; and that war has left behind it fears and anxieties and a mutual distrust that have not since allowed Europe a tranquil year." The end of the century finds us confronted by "signs in the sun, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations with perplexity; men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." "If it were not so sad a spectacle, we might find boundless humor in the fact that Europe has been, for' fifty years, massing armies which it to-day trembles to behold, perfecting weapons of precision until it is afraid to use them. History knows few more disgraceful sights than the 'Concert of Europe;' civilization cowering before barbarism." The so-called Christian governments are frankly pagan, says Dr. MacKennel, and the ultimate principles and purposes of state and church are radically different. The Christian law is: "So is the will of God, that with well doing ye put to silence the ignorance of foolish men;" and, "It is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well-doing than for evil-doing." But there is not a cabinet in Europe where this law is accepted or dreamed of as a possible guide to national action. Dr. MacKennel continues:Š "We may frankly aver that indignation is an honest impulse, that resistance of wrong, the determination to put it down, ought to have an abiding place in human action; that the call to war, because it is an appeal to common, not to individualistic, effort, may startle the selfish into warmth of heart; and that the discipline, of which the military system has been up to now the chief exponent, has trained men in the subordination of self to society. We may recognize that humane sentiment has, from the beginning, tempered the sufferings and the humiliations of war; and that, under Christian in-fluence, regard for the wounded and tenderness toward the vanvished, individually, have come to be prevail-ing sentiments. And we may wish that this pitifulness may have full play when whites are in conflict with col-ored men as well as in what is called 'civilized warfare.' But it has become conspicuously clear that war is no instrument for the accomplishment of the highest ends; and that involvesŠsince the highest human ends are always in the consciousness of the true follower of Christ 