for private Sunday work, covertly aids and abets it. Maryland Sabbath-keepers have nothing to hope from man, but Deo adjuvante, non timendum. The injunction of our Saviour is to the point : " Fear not NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 8, 1894.  them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul; but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell." Qom'' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. 48 ANIJOIECICA.N VoL. 9, No. 6. NEW YORK CITY has $55,588,725 worth of untaxed church property. THE Methodist Protestant defends the persecution of Adventists in the interests of a legal Sunday. It is evident that the Protestant (Y) feels the weakness of its cause else it would not appeal to civil law. Only the weak want help. WE learn from the Review and Herald, of Battle Creek, Mich., that W. A. Mc-Cutchen and Elmer C. Keck, the Seventh-day Adventist minister and teacher, fined $50 each, and costs, some weeks ago, in Gainesville, Ga., for Sunday work, have been indicted for the same offense, by the grand jury and will be tried the last week in February. AN exchange asks: " What is Roman Catholicism ?" Let the Scriptures an-swer : " That man of sin," the " Son of perdition," " That wicked," " The beast," " MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, 'THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH." Such is Roman Catholicism. And yet it is no worse than the so-called Protestant-ism that indorses its principles and apes its methods. The papal beast and his image finally share the same fate: " These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone." DECEMBER 29, Mr. Crafts, late of the so-called Christian Statesman, lectured before the Baltimore Ministerial Union on his favorite theme, i. e., how to make peo-ple keep Sunday. After enumerating the difficulties encountered in enforcing the " civil" Sunday, Mr. Crafts said that in the State of Maryland, a new element has arisen, namely, human sympathy for those who have been imprisoned for working on Sunday. He then ridiculed this sympathy and tried (with poor success, however, be it said to the credit of his audience), to provoke a laugh at the expense of the re-cently imprisoned men. But he seemed to stand in awe of the milk of human kindness, and so told his hearers how it could be effectually dried up. His plan to overcome this dangerous element, human sympathy, is to have each minis-ter " write personally to his representa-tive " in the legislature protesting against any repeal or modification of the Mary-land Sunday law. " Write !" " write ! " " WRITE!"  says this modern inquisitor general, who, while professing to depre-cate the prosecution of Sabbath-keepers  THE Christian Intelligencer thinks that the worst enemies of Sunday are those who invoke the civil law against observers of the Sabbath. It says :Š The worst enemies of a day of rest and worship are those who enforce the penalties of the civil law against persons who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week, and therefore pursue their ordinary vo-cations on the first day. So long as such persons do not hinder others from enjoying the rest and privilege of Sunday, they are entitled to pursue their own chosen course without let or hindrance. Surely they are; but are they entitled to pursue their own course any more than are others who " do not hinder others from enjoying the rest and privilege of Sunday " ? Is not the whole system of Sunday legislation at fault ? Is it a cor-rect principle that requires a man to have some religion before he can do as he pleases so long as he does not hinder others from enjoying like liberty ? THE Christian Advocate and the Ex-aminer, two religious weeklies of this city are before us, both bearing date of February 1. The Advocate complains that lynchings are becoming common in the North; and the Examiner finds fault because the governor of Florida did not override the order of the courts of that State and prevent the recent prize fight. We have nothing but detestation for prize fights. They are disgraceful and degrading; but is their influence as per-nicious and as far-reaching as would be the example of a governor himself over-riding the law and usurping powers not given him by the laws which he is sworn to uphold and to administer ? Certainly not; and yet the Examiner says of such cases :Š What a State needs is a governor of the Andrew Jackson type who is capable of making and enforcing his own laws for about fifteen minutes. If Governor Mitchell had had the nerve to send his militia to the spot, arrest the fighters in the act and land them in jail, it would go hard with the State of Florida if its lawyers could not afterwards find law enough to justify his action. No State needs anything of the kind. Prize fights are evil, and it is anything but creditable to our civilization that public exhibitions of that kind are pos-sible; but better a thousand acts of bru-tality than one of usurpation. Cannot the religious press see that in advocating usurpation by the State it is inciting mob violence by the people ? If executive officers may make law in emergencies, what wonder if the people do the same thing when by some startling crime their feelings are outraged. THE Independent is out with another apology for Rome, based, this time, upon the opinions expressed by the Catholic press on the school question. " The Pilot, of Boston," says the Independent, " which is edited with great intelligence and with much of the spirit of New England's fair-ness, says that the letters which we have printed [the letters from the Catholic bishops] are fairly representative of the whole church." As stated by us last week, of these thirty letters only one ex-pressed unqualified disapproval of the proposed Roman Catholic raid on the pub-lic school funds; two are indefinite; six are clearly evasive; while all the other twenty-one are in favor of itŠsome with conditions and others rabidly and uncon-ditionally. And one of these gives the words of Cardinal Gibbons that: "This [Catholic] education our children cannot have in the public schools, therefore we wish to have our own schools; and as we cannot, without the help of the State, we desire a share of the public school fund to enable us to have such schools." Yes, these letters are doubtless, as the Pilot confesses, " fairly representative of the whole [papal] church; " yet some how or other the Independent evolves from them the remarkable conclusion that it is " right in interpreting them as showing that the Catholics do not propose to over-throw the public school system." The Independent is a remarkable paper indeed. THE Roman Catholic press is well pleased with the Independent, of this city, because it has been rubbing the papal fur the right way. Sycophancy is always well-pleasing to Rome. Centuries ago inspiration said of this wicked power : " Through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by prosperity shall destroy many." But at last " he shall be broken without hand; " for he shall be " cast alive into the lake burning with fire and brimstone." As noted elsewhere in this paper, "the Congregationalist thinks that the custom of giving quiet dinner parties on Sunday evening must cease if the " Sabbath " is to be preserved. This shows the extent to which the Sunday movement is to be carried; spies must intrude into the very homes of the people, in the interest of this pagan-papal day that is to be crammed down the throats of everybody by the National Reform combination backed up by the civil law. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, rear,per, - - 90o 25 to 99 " " " - - - so 14 100 to 249 " " " " 6 t - - The lt 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " --- 60e To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 