THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 391 ciple be recognized by law. The law does not compel a man to worship on Sunday, it merely compels him to desist from all labors because his labor disturbs the rest which society has imposed upon itself. If this principle be allowed, then it follows that the state has a right to say that a specific day shall be observed, because of the impossibility of accomplishing the de-sired end in any other way. If it were left to each in-dividual to observe whatever day he chose, then there would be no rest for society, and both society and individuals who desired to rest would be denied the privilege." It is admitted in this argument that if the Sabbath were merely a religious institution, then "by taking note of it and regulating it by law the state would be abridging religious liberty." This is true, and the admission is fatal to the conclusion reached, that it is right for the state to take note of the Sabbath and reg-ulate its observance by law. For if such interference with the Sabbath would be wrong by virtue of its be-ing a religious institution, such interference must be wrong in any case, so long as the Sabbath remains a religious institution. If such action by the state would interfere with conscience and with religious belief and practice simply because the Sabbath is a religious in-stitution, then plainly, so long as the Sabbath remains_ a religious institution, such action must still be an interference with religion. The same thing which would be an interference with religion in the one case, simply because the Sabbath institution is religious (the only reason that could be assigned for it), cannot cease to be an interference with religion in case it were true, as claimed, that the Sabbath is more than a religious institution, because the religious character of the institution would still affect the action of the state in the same way. There would still be the same existing cause, producing the same result. And whatever the Sabbath may be to others, to Christians it is purely a religious institution, and any regulation of its observance by the state must be to them purely an interference with religion. Such it is in the case of the seventh-day Christian prosecuted in Greensboro, and such it has been in all the numerous similar cases that have arisen in the last few years. If it were not an interference with conscience, these peo-ple would not have suffered the penalties of the law as they have done, rather than obey it. s. Religious dogmas or beliefs have no rights which can be claimed for them before the law of the land, and no law for their "protection" has any rightful place on the statute books. Human beings have a right to hold these dogmas as a part of their belief, but the exercise of this right does not require the aid of legis-lation. Some rights are best served by the absence of any legislation touching them. Are Sunday Laws Necessary? This is a question which many good people are answering in the affirmative, for certain "reasons" which to them appear very satisfactory and conclu-sive. A brief survey of the grounds upon which their conclusion is based Will be instructive. They say, for example, that without Sunday laws the Sabbath will be lostŠthat it will be driven out by the encroachments of corporate greed and the love of worldly gain and worldly pleasure. As a theory this idea might be given some -degree of plausibility, but unfortunately for the theory its falsity is shown by the facts of actual experience. For there exists a Sab-bath day, observed by many thousands in this country, and by some in all lands, which has no support at all in the civil law, but has existed through all the cen-turies of time without such support, and yet has never been lost and gives no sign of becoming lost to-day. Corporate greed and the love of worldly gain and worldly pleasure have had full opportunity to do their utmost against it, yet it has not succumbed to their at-tacks. And more than this, it has withstood also the opposition of popular custom and tradition, the oppo-sition of the example and teaching of the religious world, and even the opposition of the civil law; yet it survives to-day, and is steadily making headway against all obstacles both passive and active. This Sabbath is the seventh day of the week, observed by the-Seventh-day Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, and others. Not many years ago there were but a few thousand observers of this Sabbath in the world; but to-day there are sixty thousand such in this country alone. Thus has the observance of an unpopular Sab-bath spread and advanced amidst all those opposing influences which are said to necessitate laws for the preservation of Sunday, and against even greater ob-stacles interposed by religious people themselves. The conclusion is plain : if the Sabbath which en-counters the most opposition can succeed against it all so as to be in no danger of getting lost, then cer-tainly the Sabbath which has the least opposition can-not be in need of civil legislation to insure its continued existence, if it is the true Sabbath day. And if it be not the true Sabbath, then certainly there should be no civil law enforcing its observance. But it is said that Sunday laws are necessary to provide the laboring man with a day of rest; and by the use of certain facts and figures quite a plausible argument is constructed in support of this assertion. But here again experience lays a destroying hand upon the theory, for if the laboring man who desires to ob-serve Sunday needs a law to secure him in this privi-lege, then surely the observer of the far less popular seventh day needs a law to secure him in like manner. 