AMERICAN SENTINEL. 395 thing about is a personal one. Individuals stand before him, each responsible, in all matters of religion, only for his own course of action. If a man feels inclined to work on the day that you regard as sacred, his action cannot affect your standing before God. If Sunday were the SabbathŠwhich it is notŠhe would still have the same right to work so far as man is concerned. "To his own master he standeth or falleth." The spirit that gets mad because somebody else goes to work on the day that we esteem to be sacred, is not of God. It may be called a "Christian conscience," but it breathes of the Inquisition, and must finally lead back to the chamber of horrors.ŠBible Echo. 4 A Secular Journal Defends the Bible Against D. D.'s. THE Atlanta Constitution, of June 4, publishes edito-rially some statements relative to the nature and results of the "higher criticism," which are worthy of note. Of the situation which has been developed for this "higher criticism" in the religious world, it says:Š "These manifestations of unbelief in the pulpit have become so frequent and so notorious that a well-con-ducted newspaper cannot fail to take note if only as a part of the phenomena of the time. Those of our readers who have access only to a few of the newspapers of the day would be astonished if we had room in these col-umns to present even one half of the manifestations of unbelief that have become visible as the result of the encouragement and support which Dr. Briggs and his views have received. "Already various pulpit imitators of Dr. Briggs are boldly avowing the conclusions to which the higher criti-cism leads. For instance, here is a professor in the ChiŁ cago Theological seminary declaring that it is not nec-essary for Christians to believe in the miraculous birth of Christ; that such belief is not necessarily a part of the Christian creed. This professor takes the ground that the statement of the apostles on this matter are not revelations at all. Commenting on the Saviour's words in the seventeenth chapter of John, this Chicago professor of theology calmly remarks: 'This is scarcely the utterance of one who was conscious of being the Messiah sent from God, but the preexistence which is in-volved is ideal.' " Of the aim of the "higher criticism" and the fallacies to which it is joined, the Constitution goes on to say:Š "Its whole aim is to tear down and undo, to uproot and destroy the faith that has served the purposes of Christendom for nearly nineteen hundred years. Since we have quoted the sacrilegious teachings of a professor in the Chicago Theological seminary, we cannot do bet-ter than to quote the remarks of Dr. Adams, editor of The Advance: 'The Congregationalists may put up with loose views on the atonement, but you may rest assured' (he was talking to a reporter) 'that they will never en-dure a man who denies a miraculous birth and the pre-existence in heaven of Jesus Christ.' "Apparently, these are the words of an indignant  man, and yet how far is the journey from 'loose views on the atonement' to a denial of the miraculous birth and the preexistence of the Saviour? It is but a step, and the reason is plain. The Christian creed must be received on faith or not at all. The fundamentals of Christianity do not conform to science. They are confessedly super-natural; they are miraculous; the laws of nature play no part in them. Otherwise, faith would have nothing to boast of and no pillow to lay its head on. Real sci-ence, therefore, can have no quarrel with Christianity; it occupies a different domain, and those who maintain that there is a conflict between them are either the ene-mies of religion or superficial pretenders. "But there is reason! Well, human reason is a very insignificant affair when it cuts loose from facts. There are -a thousand points at which right reason and reli-gion may meet and minister one to the other; but if hu-man reason were always right reason we should to-day have a system of philosophy about which all were agreed; and we should have small need of courts of final appeal. "Reason must have a guide, and it has never found and never will find a better or truer one than religion-All this is not to say that the argument for religion is not based on reason. Every step toward belief is logi-cal and orderly and finds confirmation not only in the natural state of man, but in that inward illumination called the conscience, and in the craving for a faith sub-stantial enough to give repose to the mind." The whole Bible, says The Constitution, stands or falls with the claim that all Scripture, both of the Old and the New Testament, is divinely inspired:Š "The claim that is made, and the claim that The Constitution upholds, is that the books of the Old as well as the New Testament are divinely inspired; that to prove one or a dozen to be myths and fables is to tear down the whole scheme of salvation; and that the promise and its fulfillment are so intimately connected in the scheme of salvation that to prove one false is to prove the other a fraud. "This is shown by comparing the conclusions of Dr. Briggs with the declarations of Dr. George H. Gilbert, the theological professor at Chicago. Dr. Briggs says that the Bible is made up of myths, fables, fairy tales, poems and fictitious narratives. The Chicago man is sure that the world is to be saved, if saved at all, by an eastern philosopher who was not a Messiah but a gifted idealist. This is the logical conclusion of Briggism, and this is why Bob Ingersoll regards Briggs as a modern hero. If a man could ever be a martyr for an empty opinion, Briggs would enjoy the martyr's seat, and In-gersoll would console him at the stake." The "higher criticism" is so plainly an attack upon, the very citadel of the Christian faith, as witnessed both by its teaching and its results, and has assumed such proportions, that this secular journal feels called upon to notice and combat it as something which has "over-leaped denominationalism and become a part of the news of the day, to comment on which is the privilege, if not the duty, of the secular press." The "higher criticism" is distinctly a sign of the times. 