334 A101C18,1-tr CAIN SlEN 1_ IN"F 1L0 VOL. 9, No. 42. even the mild punishment of four dollars' fine can not promote piety or benevolence. 3rd. That all such efforts on the part of the magistrate are prohibited in the insti-tutes of Christianity. I am aware that not a -few model both the Church and the State after the "com-monwealth of Israel," and would have something like the Jew in civil and eccle-siastical concerns. I have yet said nothing respecting the civil magistracy of the Jews, which seems to be the copy after which the " moral association " would, if they dare, model their little Sanhedrims and their young St. Giles. With regard to the. Jews, I would say there was no 'office purely civil. Their government was a pure theocracy, and all their offices were under the immediate appointment of their King, who was none else than their God. Hence, when they sought a king like other nations, the Lord charged them with having rejected him-self as their king; civil and religious officers were reposed in the same hands; hence Moses performed offices civil and religious. The seventy elders selected to assist him in judging and awarding, took under their cognizance things civil and religious. The Jews can not become a model to any nation in the world, either in their civil government, or in their ec-clesiastical; for this plain reason, that no nation ever stood in the same relation to God or received their political institutes in the same manner. I would remind those who are so eager to imitate them, that the only punishment the Jewish rulers inflicted on those who transgressed the letter of the first table of the law, was only death. The Sabbath-breaker and the blasphemer were only stoned to death. There was no commutation of the crime, for if sins against God are to be punished as such, there is no temporal privation that can be considered as such. Let those who are so zealous of punishing Sabbath-breakers and of executing what they call the law of God, be consistent with them-selves and their precedents, and stone to death the Sabbath-breaker and the blas-phemer. . . . In regard of the Sabbath day and the institutes of religion I except them entirely from the jurisdiction or cognizance of the civil magistrates in any sense whatever. But of this, more hereafter.ŠCandidus (Alexander Campbell), in Washington ( Pa.) Reporter, Dec. 4, 1820. Ł  Taking the State Piecemeal. FAILING to secure a State Sunday law the Sunday forces of California have been compassing their ends in another way, namely, by securing from city and county boards ordinances prohibiting Sunday labor and business within their respective jurisdictions. In this way a considerable portion of the State has been brought under Sunday regulations more or less strict. And now the same tactics are being adopted in Michigan. The city of St. Louis, in that State, has recently adopted an ordinance which provides thatŠ SEC. 1. No person shall keep open his or her store, shop, restaurant, grocery, or other place of business, pleasure, or amusement, or sell or offer for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise, within the corporate limits of the city of St. Louis on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. SEC. 2. No person shall do any manner of work, or take part in any sport, game or play, or be present at any dancing, public diversion, show or entertain-ment within the corporate limits of the city of St. Louis on said first day of the week. SEC. 3. The foregoing provisions shall not be con-strued to prevent works of necessity or charity, or the  sale of drugs and medicines, or undertakers' goods, and shall not prohibit the "opening, of drug stores and undertakers' stores for such purpose. SEC. 5. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall upon conviction thereof, before any justice of the peace of the city of St. Louis, be punished by a fine of not less than five dollars, nor more than ten dollars and costs of prose-cution. The State of Michigan already has a Sunday law, but it is probably not rigid enough, as it exempts observers of the seventh day.  4.Ł  "Mystery, Babylon the Great." WE clip the following from the Boston Citizen:Š Priest Phelan, editor of the Western Watchman, arguing in his paper last .week that Peter lived in Rome, made this statement:Š "In Peter's first epistle he sends `greeting from the church in Babylon.' All commentators understand Babylon to mean Rome. For reasons of this conclu-sion, see Doellinger ' First Age of the Church,' page 97." Upon which the Baptist Flag thus com-ments :Š " This concession upon the part not only of the Watchman but of the leading Ro-man Catholic writers as well, that Rome in the Bible is Babylon, is quite signifi-cant. It follows, with absolute certainty, that ' Mystery, Babylon the Great, mother of harlots, and the abomination of the earth,' is the Roman Catholic Church. Out of her own mouth the Roman Church stands condemned as the bloody Babylon of Revelation."ŠThe Primitive Catholic, September 8. It Is Religious Persecution. THE arrest of a Seventh-day Adventist in Tennessee, and his imprisonment for working on Sunday, has excited consider-able interest and discussion. While we believe that the first day of the week is the Christian Sabbath, yet we are decidedly of the opinion that this man who believes that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, and who has been punished for working on Sunday, is the subject of re-ligious persecution. It is claimed that the Christian Sabbath is a civil as well as a sacred institution, and that there is no persecution in the case mentioned because the party was nei-ther compelled to worship or abstain from worship on Sunday. This may be true. At the same time the civil law compels him to rest two days in the week, while the moral law requires him to rest only one. The Christian who believes that the first day of the week is the day of rest, decides according to his interpretation of the Scriptures and according to his con-science, to rest on that day. Those who believe as he does, being in the majority, pass a law forbidding the Seventh-day Adventists to work on the first day of the week. The latter are as conscientious, it is to be presumed, in regard to their religious obligations and rights, as the former. To compel them to do a thing against their religious convictions, whether it be to rest or to work, by the passage of a civil law, in contravention of what they believe to be their right under the moral law, is nothing less than persecution. Let us turn the tables. Suppose the Seventh-day Adventists should be in the majority, and should pass a law forbidding others who differ with them in this matter to work on the seventh day. Then those who believe that the first day of the week is the day of rest, would be compelled to rest two days in the week, or else pay the  penalty of fine and imprisonment for work-ing on the seventh day. This, as in the other case, would be simply religious per-secution. The solution of the whole trouble lies in the repeal of the law. There is a similar law on the statute books of Georgia, and a few cases like the one in Tennessee, have occurred in this State. Let the State keep its hands off matters of conscience and religion where people take the Bible for the guide of their conduct.ŠChristian Index, Atlanta, Ga., Sept. 13. An Unworthy Evasion. THE Baptists have, as a people, been noted for their adherence to the principles of religious liberty. In the past they have themselves felt the hand of oppression as the result of religious laws. We were therefore surprised and sorry to see the following statements in the Victorian Baptist for August, 1894, which are a virtual repudiation of the doctrine of reli-gious freedom, and contain an unworthy evasion :Š On the face of it, it seems a shameful thing that in a Christian and Protestant nation men should be im-prisoned, or otherwise punished, for adhering to their religious convictions. So it would be if the punish-ment were inflicted on religious grounds, or in support of laws made to enforce religious observances of any kind. But why not permit those who deem it a sacred duty to rest on Saturday, to work on Sunday ? Be-cause to do so would be to inake it impossible to secure for the laborer his weekly rest. . . -. It is, unquestionably, hard for the few who rest on Satur-day as a matter of religious obligation, to be com-pelled to rest also on Sunday by the laws of the land. But it is clear that the'law which compels them to do so is, or should be, based upon purely civil and socio-logical, and not at all on religious grounds. This is sophistical reasoning. It teaches that religious persecution is proper under certain circumstances, if it is only carried on under some other name. But it is as unworthy as would be an argument in favor of a general, compulsory State law for baptism, upon the physiological ground that bathing is needful and healthful. Every Sunday law that has ever been made has been religious, no matter what it has been called, or upon what "grounds" enacted, because Sunday observance itself is religious. It has its root in religion. To call a thing something other than it is does not make it so. But that the Sunday law of Charles II. is religious, its wording plainly shows. It is an act "for the bet-ter observation of, and keeping holy, the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," and provides that,Š All the laws enacted and in force concerning the observation of the Lord's day and repaireing to the church therein bee carefully put in execution. And that all and every person and persons whatso-ever shall, on every Lord's day, apply themselves thereon in the dutyes of piety and true religion 'pub-liquely and privately. This is neither " civil " nor "sociologi-cal."ŠW. A. C., in Australian Sentinel. WE observe that Rev. E. Thompson, D.D., of Los Angeles, Cal., classes Elder A. T. Jones, the Adventist, with S. P. Putnam among the "leaders of antichris-tian thought." Why is Mr. Jones thus shut out of the fold he loves so well? Because he has the temerity to assert, and prove, that religion and the State should be kept separate. This is his offense, and this makes him a "leader of antichristian thought" in the estimation of the National Reformers. They cannot conceive of Christianity as something apart from the political machine. And yet they talk about " religious liberty."ŠTruth Seeker, 