AHD EXACT JUST/C;  ,0444  0 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Crime under the laws of the State, the same as murder, felony, etc. Let no one say the picture is overdrawn; for instead of being exaggerated, it is not fully filled out. Let the precedent once be established for the Church to dictate to the civil power, and the tyranny of re-ligious persecution will just as surely throttle liberty of conscience as it did during the Dark Ages. The boon of religious liberty and free-dom of thought is too priceless a heritage to be squandered for a mess of political pottage. The advocates of the present movement in favor of Sunday legislation had better ponder deeply upon these ques-tions. The measures contemplated by them will lead onto dangerous ground, and their inevitable end, if carried into effect will be to revive the bigotry, cruelty and religious persecutions of the past. When the United States shall have pros-tituted her law-making powers to such base ends, " Ichabod " may well be written over the portals of her legislative temples, for her glory will have departed. Let the people beware of the first step. J. W. SCOLES. THE lower house of the Prussian Landtag has been excitedly debating a new Edu-cational Bill, which is practically a meas- ure to make a State religion of which the German Emperor should be the Pope. The avowed object of the measure is to put the Prussian schools into the hands of the clergy, to make what is called reli- gious instruction obligatory, and to exact from all students a full measure of con-formity. In the language of the Impe- rial Chancellor, who is the chief advocate of the measure, " it, is a bill against athe-ism." It would force doctrinal teaching upon children whose parents are opposed to such teaching; it would force Jews to accept Christianity,Šsuch Christianity as the priests of the State religion might choose to teach. It sets up as supreme what is called in Prussia the "Confessions." The Emperor and his Lord Chancellor ap-pear to believe that matters of faith can be easily regulated by statute, and that the people of Prussia are quite ready to put their consciences and their relations to God in the hands of the king. The oppo-sition to the measure declares that it is an attempt to set up a political religion, which would practically result in the domination of an organized priesthood. The promoters of the bill admit the truth of the criticism, and attempt to justify it on the express ground that the real, vital question is whether Prussians are to be Christians or atheists. The discussion has been very warm, not a few of the govern-ment party being in the opposition. The Minister of Finance sees in it a menace to some of his plans for managing the mone-tary affairs of the empire, and has re-signed. This is a singular comment upon the practical working of a religion made by law. We suggest that the advocates of legislation in behalf of religion and re-ligious institutions in our own country make a study of this extraordinary Prus-sian movement.ŠSabbath Recorder. &Haim Lihortll fIsso6latioil ktes STATE AND TtlE. cOURC h.  tOREVER5"AFAT:4159R DEGLARRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. R. C. PORTER  PRESIDENT. A. F. BALLENGER  SECRETARY. THE Pittsburg Dispatch again chronicles the results of the Sunday sessions of the police courts of that city,Šfifty-six cases in all, before five magis-trates. It seems the Law and Order League of Pittsburg has its own machinery oiled to run seven days in the week. Ł + Ł  AN act was introduced in the Missouri Legislature, February 3, to prohibit the sale of any vinous or spirituous liquors within two and one-half miles of the Methodist and Christian churches at Marietta Prentiss County, Mississippi. Why favor these two denominations above all others ? A CABLE dispatch reports that a Chinese General, Tcheu Kitong, has been executed for treason in having become a Christian and for having furthered the cause of missions. It seems that they are practical " National Reformers " in, China and log-ically follow the doctrine to its ultimate conclu-sions. AN association, to be known as the "Milwaukee Sabbath League," has been lately established in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In the resolutions adopted at its organization the aid of all citizens is invoked to secure the enforcement of Sunday laws, and it is " demanded " that the Wisconsin exhibit at the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. THE petition list of the New Jersey Legislature, for one day, protesting against the opening of the World's Fair, on Sunday according to the record, was quite large,Špetitions being presented by Sen-ators Rue, McMickle, Rogers, Perkins, Adrain, Miller, Cornish, and Hinckliffe, signed by "numer-ous of their constituents." The New Jersey Sab-bath Union is making every effort to have the Legis-lature, commit itself on. the question of Sunday closing of the Fair. THE Christian Advocate notes the approach of the centennial anniversary of the constitutional establishment of religious freedom in this country, and says: "The Executive Committee of the American Baptist Home Mission Society has de-cided to call a celebration of the centennial of the incorporation into the Constitution of the United States of the clause forbidding Congress to make any law establishing or forbidding the free exer-cise of religion, as a triumph of Baptist principles. The ratification of the amendment was declared  during the congressional session of 1791-92, so that we are now in its centennial year. Arrangements are on foot to make the celebration a marked feature of the Baptist anniversaries, in May next, in Phila-delphia. " At the same time they would do well to consider whether, in attending ; this anniversary, they are celebrating the birthday of a living prin-ciple in this,  Government, or have gathered to measure how much more than a word and a name that same amendment is after the lapse of one hundred years.- . Ag evidence of how rapidly the idea of establish-ing national feast days, fast days, and religious and semi-religious holidays, is gaining ground, is the presentation in the Legislature of Minnesota, of a memorial asking for the passage of a law appoint-ing October 12, the anniversary of the discovery of America, by Columbus, as "a day of national thanksgiving." Of this the Christian at Work says : " We, together with the Lutheran Observer, have recommended the observance of Discovery Day for years." IN Minneapolis, "Mayor Winston has signed the amended liquor ordinance giving only the police of the city authority to make complaints against saloon keepers. It is stated that Superin-tendent Henderson has ordered the police to keep their bands off, and that saloons will open Sunday, beginning February 21. The whole matter will be carried to the Supreme Court, by a citizens' com-mittee, on the plea that a person has the right to file information against another who is alleged to be breaking the laws of the State." THE World's Fair bill, appropriating $300,000 for the exhibit of the State of New York, has been amended in the Assembly by the addition of a pro-vision that the State exhibit should be kept closed on Sunday. The amendment was adopted by a vote' of forty-nine to forty-seven. On motion of Mr. Bush the resolution was then laid aside, in order as the mover said, "to give the Republicans, who were trying to make political capital out of a re-ligious question, time to think over the matter." The bill can be called up at any time, and if passed in this form by the Assembly will necessarily re-turn to the Senate for its concurrence upon the amendment. THE " Pearl of Days ," says " the security or dis-aster of our American institutions depends upon the issue of this Sabbatic contest and the proper enforcement by civil enactment of all divine law that inures to the well being of the State." To determine what portion of divine law inures to the well being of the State, and then to construe that portion and decide as to its application to the State, the proper terms by which to enact it into civil law, and fix the methods of its enforcement, has always involved those legislators who have attempted it in such a maze of evident error, con-tradiction, inconsistency and injustice, as ought in itself to prove to any intelligent being the impro-priety of attempting to enforce the divine law by the civil. AN exchange reports Rev. J. H. Willey, of Syra-cuse, New York, as teaching in a sermon, lately de-livered in that city, that in order to preserve the re-ligious observance of Sunday the Government must legislate to that effect, and then enforce its laws,Šand saying, " When the law is made then I appeal to you as a church; I appeal to you as Christians, stand by the ship of State and if any one dares to desecrate the dayŠover the rail with the wretch! " To have carried out the nautical figure of speech to an exactitude he should have said, "Let him walk the plank I " It has been evident for some time that there are pirates on board this ship of State, who intend to mutiny, capture the ship, and do their best to send all who oppose them to Davy Jones' locker. They must be very sure of success, to appeal so openly to their co-conspirators. 