"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, OCTOBER, 25, 1894. NUMBER 42.  American. Sentinel. PUBLISHES) WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, /. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - - WE note that six Christian ministers in Cleveland recently attended the dedica-tion of a new synagogue in that city, and united with Jewish rabbis "in delivering discourses of exultation." COMMENTING on the fact stated in the preceding paragraph, the Sun of this city says:Š This whole thing is wonderful. Was there ever another occasion upon which a half dozen Protestant clergymen of as many denominations united with two rabbis at the dedication of a synagogue ? The clergy-men judiciously refrained from making any allusion to the gospels in that place. We guess they were more shrewd than the Apostle Peter or the Apostle Paul would have been under the circumstances. This is certainly true. " This whole thing is wonderful," and it is not hazard-ing too much to say that not one of the apdstles would have gone into a synagogue without taking Christ with him. There is a vast difference between Christian charity and unchristian indifference. THE Christian is required to love all . men; yea, the Christian does love all men, for that is the Spirit of Christ; and " if any man have not the Spirit of Christ he is none of his." Moreover the Christian will do good to all men am he has oppor-tunity; but the latter he, cannot do by encouraging them in error, and the former he does not do except as he does it in the Spirit and power of his Master. OUR Saviour himself, and his apostles and the early Christians, preached the gospel to the Jews declaring that without Christ there was no salvation. When they went into the synagogues it was to preach Christ; and upon no occasion did they by word or act admit that Judaism without Christ was as good as Christianity, or that there was salvation in it. But this is virtually what those Cleveland preachers did when they joined with Jew-ish rabbis in dedicating a house from  which the name of Christ must be ex-cluded, or if admitted at all, admitted only to be denied. ON the occasion referred to one of the ministers is credited with these words : " Is there, after all, such a difference between us ? Have we not one God ?" Doubtless to the minds of many this latter question admits only of an affirmative answer; but the truth is that God, the true God, is revealed to us only in Christ. Says the Saviour : " Neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomso-ever the Son will reveal him." It follows that there can be no true worship of the true God except through Christ, and the Christian who by word or act denies this, thereby denies his Lord. To insist that Hebrews shall enjoy equal civil and reli-gious rights with all other men, is Christ-like, and honors our divine Lord, for Christian charity requires this; but to admit that Judaism is to-day acceptable worship of the true God is to deny Christ and put him to an open shame. Seeing the invisible. THE Christian is to see, and does see, the invisible. He is to "look at the things that are not seen " (2 Cor. 4: 19), and he is to seeŠhe can seeŠthe things that he looks at. " The things that are not seen are eter-nal : " and the things that are eternal are the things of God ; for he is " the King, eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God," and " the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen" (Rom. 1: 20), though not with the natural eyesŠthe eyes of this world. There are things even of the natural order, which are invisible to the natural eyes unaided. There are innumerable worlds that cannot be seen at allŠthat are invisibleŠwithout the telescope; there are the countless forms of life in this world of ours that are invisible without the microscope. And all men are eager, and delighted, to use either the telescope or the microscope whenever it is possible, in order that they may see these things that are otherwise invisible. And the invisible things even of the natural order awake  more interest and engage more profound study than do the visible things. Why should not then the invisible things of the spiritual order awake interest and arouse study as well as the invisible things of the natural order ? It may be anhwered that they do. Yes, that is true; but the interest shown, and the study carried on, in this line, is so largely done in a defec-tive way, that, practically, the effort amounts to very little, and brings no ben-efit to the greater part of mankind. The one grand defect, and, indeed, a fatal one, in the efforts of the greatest part of mankind to see the invisible things of the spiritual order, the invisible things of God, has always been that it is at-tempted to be done in the natural way and with the natural faculties. Because of this the gods of the ',heathen have always been but the reflection of the nat-ural character of the worshipers, and eve-.  then must needs be represented before -La, devotee in some shape visible to the nat-ural eye, whether it be in the form of the heavenly bodies, or of sticks or stones, or of graven or molten images, or of pic-tures. So that all false worshipŠall idol-atryŠis but the result of effort to grasp the spiritual in the natural way, to com-prehend spiritual things with the natural faculties. But it is eternally true that " spiritual things are spiritually discerned." 1 Cor. 2:9-14. The truly spiritual thingsŠthe things of GodŠit is impossible truly to discern in any other than the truly spirit-ual way. For " God is a Spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." John 4:24. It is only by the Spirit of God that the things of God can be discerned. For, as it is written: " Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things that God hath pre-pared for them that love him. But God hath, revealed them unto us by his Spirit; for the Spirit searcheth all things; yea, the deep things of God." 1 Cor. 2: 9, 10. Thus it is evident that God has put within the reach of man the means by which he can see " the invisible things of him." And the Spirit of God and the revelation which he by that Spirit has given, are the means by which men may know the things of God and may see the EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 