THE AIVIERICA.N SENTINEL. 359 But suppose some are not willing to heed the in-vitation, and come of their own accord, after you have said to them " Come"? Christ says, further, "Whosoever will, let him come and take of the water of life freely." He would not force the will, but still entreat. "He that thirsteth let him come." So it is plain that he desired only those for his foi-1 )wers who voluntarily chose to accept his teach-ings. The Religious Liberty Association says that this is in every way just and right. But the National Reform Association says that we want to "place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis." That is, we want the State to compel all to accept our views of religion. But would the National Reformers think it was right for the State to compel all to accept the Jewish faith? I think if the State should do such a thing I would hear them crying, "Tyranny! Des-potism! The State has no right to legislate in any such way I " And they would be right in this claim. But now what about their demand that all Christian usages, as they view them, should be en-forced, by law, upon others. Are they the only ones whom God has intrusted with the right to choose in matters of religion? Or have all the same right of choice in matters of religious belief? And is it the right of each, as far as civil govern-ment is concerned, to be religious or not, as they choose, as long as they act civilly? Is that the right of each member of the National Reform As-sociation?ŠCertainly. Is it my right?ŠYes. Then have we a right to deprive others of the free exer-cise of rights which we claim for ourselves? Let Christ answer: " Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets." We can not fulfill the requirements of the gospel without granting to all others the same right of choice to be religious or not, or to choose their re-ligious belief the same as we claim for ourselves. Hence, as I believe, we all agree that no civil gov-ernment has a right to legislate us individually into, or out of, any religious belief ; and acknowl-edging that, we admit in principle the whole ques-tion of the right of civil governments to legislate on religious subjects. So long as we follow the teachings of Christ, and do to others as we would have them do to us, we will all cease to advocate religious legislation, In the days of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, he made a golden image and set it up in the plain of Dura, and commanded all the rulers in the king dom to come and worship it; and he decreed that if any should not worship, according to the edict which he had issued as king in behalf of the State, they should be cast into the fiery furnace. There were three faithful men there who refused to'be legislated out of their rights of religious worship. They were speedily cast into the furnace of fire. This was but the next step which must always fol-low the enactment of religious laws. There must be a penalty, and to make the laws operative the penalty must be enforced. But no sooner had these men reached the flames than four were plainly seen, and the form of the fourth was "like the son of God." Upon the invitation of the king they came out of the furnace, unharmed and without even the smell of fire upon their garments. God had stepped in and openly expressed his dis-approval, by rebuking those who would compel religious observances. His disapprobation of re-ligious legislation was again manifested when Daniel was cast into the den of lions because he was unwilling to renounce his faith, to be in har-mony with the unjust laws of the State which de-manded control of his worship. Stephen, dying a martyr to his principles that every man had a right to teach and worship accord-ing to the dictates of his conscience, was greatly encouraged by the Lord's giving him a view of scenes in Heaven. He saw " Jesus standing on the right hand of God." " And all that sat in the council, looking steadfastly on him, saw his face as  it had been the face of an angel." Paul was there at the time, and those who stoned Stephen laid their clothes at his feet. He at that time believed in religious legislation, and he afterwards says, " I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee." " And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him." That he was honest in what he was doing, and thought it was the best way to advance religion, I do not doubt, for he declares, "I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day." The trouble with Paul was, that he had been deceived into false ideas of religion, and, through this decep-tion, led to believe it was right to legislate people into being religious, and to persecute those who opposed his faith ; but when he became acquainted with Christ, and accepted the Christian religion, we see a radical change in his principles on this subject. He makes a full and open confession in this re-spect, and obtained forgiveness. 1 Tim. 1 :13. No one ever hears him advocating religious legislation after he became a Christian. Though he himself was whipped, imprisoned, and finally beheaded on account of his faith, he faithfully instructs the brethren, "being reviled, we bless; being perse-cuted, we suffer it; being defamed," we legislate? No, " we entreat." It was an easy thing to perse-cute Christians in those days, because they were few in number and their influence small. Paul continues, " We are made as the filth of the world, and are the offscouring of all things unto this day." 1 Cor. 5 : 12, 13. Thus it has ever been, and ever will be, when the truly pious are persecuted for their faith. Even Christ was so regarded; and being falsely accused was arrested, tried, con-demned, and executed as a criminal, for daring to teach a religion not recognized by the State. The Saviour here plainly takes his stand on the prin-ciples since adopted by the Religious Liberty Asso-ciation, that every man who acts civilly should be protected by the State in his right to worship ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience. When the disciples were about to enter upon their work, they were instructed that, "If they persecuted me, they will also persecute you." " Yea, the time cometh that whosoever killeth you will think he doeth God service." When they went out they found it so. Peter and John were commanded not to teach in the name of Jesus; but they calmly said, " We can not but speak the things which we have seen and heard." Was not God displeased with them for refusing to obey the " powers that be," which " are ordained of God" in this thing?ŠNo. Why? Because when the civil government legislates on religion it has gone beyond its legitimate province, and ceases to meet the purpose of God in ordaining it. So when the apostles were preaching Jesus, in disobedience to the command of the State, God sent an angel with this plain message, " Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life." This settles the whole question of religious legisla-tion. If the authority to decide between true and false religions had been committed to the civil gov-ernment, then the disciples should have submitted to the council, and ceased to preach Jesus. Since the civil government can not legislate on religious questions without acting as judge of what are true and what are false doctrines, and since God here taught the disciples to disregard such decisions rendered by the State, the conclusion is unquestion-able that the teaching of the gospel of Christ is against all religious legislation. In the light of the foregoing facts, the conclu-sion is: 1. That the application of the principles of the National Reform Association have always resulted in religious intolerance and persecution, and seri-ously against the prosperity of both the Church and the State. 2. That the application of the principles of the Religious Liberty Association has resulted in the  greatest prosperity of both the Church and the State. 3. That the principles of the National Reform Association are in direct conflict with the teaching of the gospel on the subject of religious legis-lation. 4. That the position taken by the Religious Lib-erty Association against religious legislation is in harmony with the gospel of Christ. 5. That religious persecution is always the sure result of compelling religious observances, and that all the religious persecutions of the past are chargeable to false views of God and religion, and not to true Christianity. "And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me." In the present conflict, may both reader and writer be found on the gospel side of this ques- tion. R. C. PORTER. The Sunday Movement in Italy. THE Sunday movement, which for the last few years has been a matter of increasing interest in England and in various places upon the continent, has reached Italy, where it has assumed phases pe-culiar to the condition of religion in that country. Of widely different character than in other coun-tries, the movement is agitating all classes in Italy, especially the operatives. Not long ago there was a large and orderly meeting in Naples to promote the objects of an association in favor of Sunday reform, and those who attended were prin-cipally operatives, one of their number being in the chair, The aim of the movement is to secure another day's relaxation from labor. The curious feature of the movement is that it is urged as a necessity on purely physical grounds ; almost noth-ing is said in favor of securing a day for devotion. The latter view of the question could not have well been taken by the Italians, to whom the churches are always open, and who, as a rule, never neglect to perform certain offices of religion. While living in an atmosphere of devotion, as far as traditional practices are concerned, there is no reason for re-garding the Sunday movement as it is looked upon in other countries. At dawn of each day the " Angelus-Domini " sounds, calling to prayer. At mid-day, so it is, when most people uncover and repeat a devotion; while every evening the " Ave Maria " is announced by every church bell, and longer prayers are said. The great desire of the association is to obtain another day's exemption from labor. Relaxation is obtained in Italy in many holidays. Every Sunday is a holiday where every one amuses himself as he may think best, but crowds attend mass and the benediction. In view of these facts the ground of the Sunday movement in Italy is considered unsubstantial, and it is felt that if the Italian should put it on any other ground he will have the sympathy of a larger number of supporters. An effort has been made to diminish the number of saints' days in Italy, but without much success. The government has already made the experiment, but the people will have their holiday. If Sunday should be made a day of rest, the problem would be simpli-fied, for saints' days would decrease in number.ŠBoston Journal. THE Christian Union, October 31, says: "The experiment of opening the Metropolitan Museum on Sunday has now been tried over four months, and the success has been so great that all opposi-tion has been done away with, and the trustees who at first objected have yielded frankly and fully, deciding to make the Sunday opening a per-manent thing if the necessary money can be raised. In the first eighteen Sundays over one hundred thousand people came. Some damage was done, but not much. To the majority of the great crowds who went in it was a. new experience, and a few did not know how to behave themselves, or to appreciate the opportunity. But they will learn this, together with much other valuable knowl-edge, and the public and press will probably never have to regret their efforts to force open those tightly closed doors." 