122 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Mr. Madison, in the message vetoing the Alexandria church bill, after noticing that it enacts into law a num-ber of rules relative to the organization and polity of the church, adds : 'This particular church, therefore, -would so far be a religious establishment by law; a legal force and sanction being given to certain articles in its constitution and administration.' "In like manner I conceive the agreement before me undertakes in behalf of the public authorities to give `legal force and sanction' to articles in the administra-tion of the hospital which 'so far, would be a religious establishment by law,' and for that reason illegal. It is also worthy of remat k that the Commissioners agree to pay at a designated rate for the patients they may send there, 'subject to annual appropriations by Con-gress;' while Section 81 of the Revised Statutes of the District (which, by the Act of 1879, is applicable to the Commissioners) declares the Commissioners 'shall have no power to make contracts to bind the District except in pursuance of appropriations made by law, and not until such appropriation shall have been made.' "Besides, in the words of the provision before quoted, `it is hereby enacted, that from and after the 30th day of June, 1898, no money appropriated for charitable pur-poses in the District of Columbia shall be paid to any church or religious denomination or to any institution or society which is under sectarian or ecclesiastical con-trol'Šwhich would render this obligation assumed by the Commissioners in the agreement incapable of performance after the date named. "However incongruous such a joint ownership may be where the other party is non-sectarian in its charac-ter, I conceive it would also be an unlawful one, as against the spirit and purpose of the First Amendment, when such contracting party is a sectarian sisterhood or order under the auspices of a church or religious society." "For the reasons given, I shall pass an order for an injunction against the treasurer as prayed in the bill with reference to the agreement of the 16th of August, 1897." Against Churches on Reservations. New York "Sun." WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.ŠThe House Committee on Military Affairs to-day voted, 10 to 3, against Represen-tative Odell's bill giving power to the Secretary of War to authorize the erection of a building for religious wor-ship by any denomination, sect, or religion on any mili-tary reservation in the United States. The bill, it was freely understood, was intended to settle the controversy which has raged for some months over the application of the Catholic Church authorities for permission to erect a chapel at West. Point, where services were to be conducted under the auspices of that church. The desired permis-sion was granted by Secretary Alger, a Protestant, and revoked upon the decision by Attorney-General McKenna, a Catholic, that it was illegal. The bill was advocated by Mr. Mahany, and the op-position, led by Mr. Lentz, of Ohio, was based on the  broad ground that the United States desired no places of worship on any of its reservations not under the control of its officers. It developed in the course of the discus-sion that several applications for similar privilege,  on other reservations are pending before the Secretary of War, made by Protestant bodies, and the buildings are already in existence on several' military reservations. The bill received but three votes. After the committee adjourned Mahany introduced a bill directing the Secre-tary of War to order the removal at once of all religious edifices of any description whatsoever from the military reservations of the United States. Statistics of Papal Activity. "Sabbath Recorder." CARDINAL GIBBONS, in the Catholic Mirror, Jan. 8, 1898, reports 1,500,000 as being educated in the Catho-lic schools of the United States at the present time; that "Missionary Bands" are carryingŁ on work among non-Catholics in seventeen different dioceses, and that "30,-000 persons are annually received into the Catholic Church in the United States", through conversion; 1,105 conversions have taken place in the archdiocese of Bal-timore within the year. Surely that is a good showing for the future of Catholicism in the United States. And yet there are people who say, "There is no Catholic ques-tion in this country; Catholicism is Łdying out." A sys-tem which has fifteen hundred years of successful history back of it, and a million and a half of children under tu-tilage, in this country alone, is not yet ready to order its funeral appliances. As almost everybody hereabouts, knows, a state 'of serious dissension has arisen in one of the most prom-inent churches in this city, which has for a long period been under the pastorate of Dr. John Hall. We are in-formed that at a recent meeting of the church, the pas-tor "remarked that frequently people had said to him that they would like, to attend his service regularly, but were unable to do so because they could not afford it;" and that "he took occasion to correct the impression that seats in the church cost hundreds of dollars, and pointed out that in the gallery they can be obtained for five dollars a year." And what-  is the difference in' that church between a five-dollar gallery member and a fifty-dollar front-pew member? What is the difference in the feelings of two such individuals as regards Christianity and the church? What is the difference in the view of the chfirch? And what is the difference in the view of the world? And lastly but not least, what is the difference in the sight of God? Can it be seriously expected that a church so con-ducted will be held together in the bonds of Christian unity? 