MEI-ZI. CA N SENTINEL. 473 In a word, I affirm that the Bible will justify them equally in burning a man or stoning him to death, as it will in exacting money of him, for his sins. Yea, I will go further, and say that it is more scriptural to stone a man to death for sinning against God, than it is to take four dollars or four cents from him on the same account. The former has been done in Old Testament times; but the latter was never done in the days of the Bible. But in New Testament times we read of but one instance of stoning a man to death for the good of his soul; this was the martyr, Stephen. And in it we read of but one soci-ety of covenantersŠthis society bound itself by a solemn league and oath that they would neither eat nor drink until they had killed Paul. . . . In the epistle of James, I read these words: "He that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not steal." The doctrine deduced from these words is, that as it is the same authority that prohibits all vices, all immorali-ties, he that is guilty of any one of them equally offends that authority as he who is guilty of another, or he who is guilty of all. "Whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all." Now, sir, how I shall bring this to bear upon the subject, you will see when I have done. The law of Pennsylvania, I understand, values the profanation of the Sabbath at four dollars, the profana-tion of the Divine name at less than one dollar, drunken-ness at so much, etc. Now let me ask why is each sin valued at a different price, and why is any of them at a fixed price? Sins, like other commodities, if they are to be valued at a certain price, should bear a proportion to the state of currency; what was worth four dollars three years ago is worth but two now. From a parity of rea-^ son I would suppose that two dollars is the full value of the above, provided that four dollars was its full value three years ago. But why fix upon four dollars, if this was not supposed the full equivalent of the guilt con-tracted; why was it not one thousand dollars, or only six and one-fourth cents, if they did not think that four dollars was the precise price? If one thousand dollars was too much, and if six and one fourth cents was too little, four dollars must, in their judgment, be something equivalent. Then why is the violators of the third commandment fixed at about one fourth of the sum which pays for the violation of the fourth? Is the former a sin only against a demi god, and the latter a sin against the mightyJove? Or, is there but one fourth of the guilt in profaning the Lord's name that there is in profaning the Lord's day? He that said, Thou shalt sanctify the seventh day, said also, Thou shalt not take the name of God in vain. So much for my text. But, sir, it is not because there is four times as much demerit in the sin of Sabbath-breaking as there is in that of profaning the Lord's name, that this difference in price is allowed. I will make you acquainted with the philoso-phy of the principle! When a man sins against his Maker  by profane swearing, he sins against heaven alone. But when he does not observe the seventh day, he sins against heaven and the clergy, in not honoring them with his presence to hear them preach. Now, sir, all sins being alike, as they affect the Creator, the one dollar pays for the sin in that sense as it pays for other sins; but the three dollars pays for the insult offered to the clergy. What other grounds there are for this difference I can not see. Again, when a man is fined for any offense, the fine is proportioned to the damage he has done, and the fine is designed to cover the damage, so as to become an equivalent to the injury sustained. Thus, when a man is fined for slander, the fine is proportioned to the injury done the slandered, and the slandered receives it as a compensation for the loss sustained. Thus, when a man is fined for Sabbath-breaking, the fine is unquestionably, as in other cases, designed to atone for the damages. The informer is to receive a part for the damages he has sustained in giving the information, and the risk to which he has exposed himself in so doing. The injured party, in this case, if we are to suppose the crime to af-fect Heaven, cannot receive the fines; but it is bequeathed to his favorites on earth, to dispose of for their own ends. If they cannot show such a bequest, I do not know by what authority they take it. It comes naturally to this conclusion, from the above considerations, that it is as immoral to take that from a fellow creature to which we have no right, as it is for him to sin against the divine law. And he that pockets four dollars is as great a sin-ner as he who breaks the Sabbath.ŠPublished in "The Reports," Washington, Pa., June, 1820. 1 Ł 4 The Late-Staying Caller. HE ABSOLUTELY FORCES HOST AND HOSTESS _INTO UTTERING FALSEHOODS. FRIEND STAYLATE makes a call in the evening. Con-versation blithe and joyous, and repeated requests for him to remain yet a little while, lead him, not at all un-willingly, to prolong his visit. He looks at his watch with a gasp of genuine dismay, and hurries away slowly at last with profuse apologies for keeping us up until such an unearthly hour. "Oh, indeed, no!" choruses the entire family. "This is early for us! We never think of going to our rooms until an hour later than this." Friend Staylate loiters a moment after he gets outside the gate. Slam goes the door; bang! wang! slam! go the shutters, calling harshly to each other, "Thought that fellow never would go!" Bang! "Why didn't he stay all night?" Slam! And the rattle of the chain cries, "Gone at last!" The darkness of the dungeon settles down on the house; the family has gone to bed, having relieved its mind by doors and shutters that are ready to tell the truth any time they are given a chance.ŠRobert J. Burdette, in August Ladies' Home Journal. 