20 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ ment, commonly known as spread-eagleism, which swells the bosom of the unthinking citizen. Under its influence we are to do anything which will make this big country bigger, without regard to consequences. Such senti-ment is not reason, and unfortunately it cannot be rea-soned with. It is subtle, because it mistakes itself for patriotism; it is dangerous, because it assumes tasks and responsibilities which may be unnecessary and to which it may be unequal.ŠTheodore S. Woolsey, Profes-sor of International Law at Yale University. We Did Just Right. IT is being denied from Washington that there has been any arrangement or understanding between Presi-dent McKinley, Cardinal Gibbons, and Archbishop Ire-land as to the governmental support of the Catholic Church in Cuba. And some of the readers of the SENTI-NEL are ready to suggest that in the discussion of that matter we raised a false alarm. We raised no false alarm. We had thoroughly good authority for all we said and printed in the SENTINEL, and in our first notice of the matter we dis-tinctly gave the Baltimore American of Oct. 15, 1898, as our authority; and all that we presented was quoted bodily from that paper. Now everybody knows that the Baltimore American is a reliable paper; and this that we quoted and followed from that paper was not simply a flying report, nor what some irresponsible correspondent might have said. It was an official communication from the Wash-ington Bureau of the Baltimore American, and was printed under that head; and we have yet to learn that the Washington Bureau of the Baltimore American is given to sending out fake dispatches. More than this, the communication bears on the face of it distinct evidences that it was written by a Catholic who understands things; and that this was not written as a piece of gossip, but as information. All this fully justified us in taking it up, and calling the attention of the American people to it, that if possi-ble they might awake to prevent it. Yet there is much more than this to justify the SENTINEL in believing this communication, and discuss-ing it, and making it public as possible. 1. It is well known that Archbishop Ireland dictated terms to the St. Louis convention; and this upon a direct issue of governmental favor to the church. A resolution had been framed, and was to be presented, opposing appropriations of public money for religious or sectarian uses, or anything tending toward a union of church and State. On receipt of a dispatch from Archbishop Ireland that resolution was killed in com-mittee. 2. Last April the Congress and the people of the United States were for days hung up by the gills, await-ing the delayed message of the President. And a United  States senator, from his place in the senate chamber, plainly stated that the cause of this delay was "the fact that Archbishop Ireland had cabled to the Vatican," and "the President was waiting upon the pope to secure that which American diplomacy had failed to obtain." This statement of a United States senator was never denied by anybody we have yet heard of. In all that time Archbishop Ireland was the official representative of the pope to the United States Government; and it was publicly stated in his behalf that on account of "the close and cordial friendship which existed between Arch-bishop Ireland and President McKinley, and his whole cabinet, . . . made him a fit instrument through which negotiations could be conducted": and by this "close and cordial friendship" Archbishop Ireland enjoyed such unusual facilities for understanding the situation of things in the innermost circles of the administration, that he could send to the pope "hourly bulletins, if necessary, of the attitude of the administration." 3. The fact that Archbishop Ireland is "a close per-sonal friend of President McKinley" has been publicly stated more than once, and has been made much of several times in different connections. 4. Only three or four weeks ago Archbishop Chap-pelle also, through a published interview, announced himself as "a close personal friend of President McKin-ley." A little later the pope himself said to William T. Stead, of London, that the United States "is marching with rapid strides into the bosom of the Catholic Church." Taking all these things together we were entirely justified in accepting as the truth the report sent out from the Washington Bureau of the Baltimore American, and in as widely as possible announcing and exposing the essential mischief of it. That report in the Baltimore American is in perfect accord with the attitude and work of Archbishop Ireland ever since the St. Louis conven-tion, and especially since April, 1898. The SENTINEL has nothing to take backŠnothing to apologize for. We did exactly the right thing. We will do it over again whenever such an occasion offers. That the report is denied from Washington is not conclusive that it was never true. The original report did not say that the money had actually been paid, nor even actually appropriated. The report stated that as the result of "numerous conferences with Cardinal Gib-bons and Archbishop Ireland on the subject," it was the " determination of President McKinley that the Catholic churches shall be kept open, and that public worship shall be amply provided for," and that "to this end sufficient money will be advanced by this Government to support the Catholic Church." It was with the hope of so awakening the people on the question, that this determination should be frus-trated, that no money should ever be appropriated for such a purposeŠit was for this cause chiefly that the AMERICAN SENTINEL sounded the alarm, as is proper for 