Ł Ł Ł Ł . COIL  6 41 t \NI, 4:0 Ł Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political, ŠThomasefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 5, 1889. NUMBER 32. Mr. Crafts and His Oath. JUNE 19, there was issued a second edition of the AMERICAN SENTINEL of that date on the last page of which there was an article in reference to the failure of Mr. W. F. Crafts to comply with hig challenge to one of the editors of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL to debate the Sunday-law petition. In that article: it was stated that, " In the chal-lenge of Mr. Crafts, there was no intimation that he was under the control of the Chicago ministers and that his challenge was accepted by Mr. Jones in perfect good faith, and with the understanding that Mr. Crafts' was responsible for his own actions ;" that " the challenge and propositions as originally made by Mr. Crafts, were not subject in any sense to the consent of others ;" and that the making of the debate to depend upon the concurrence or consent of others was " an after- consideration." ThiS edition was largely circu-lated in the' path of Mr. Crafts' appointments as he crossed from the Missouri River to the Pacific Coast. He found it so in Colorado, and to get even on this and much other matter in the same number, he published a sworn affidavit filling three whole columns of the Colorado Springs Re-public of June 28, charging both the editors of the SENTINEL with willful and malicious slander and falsehood by the ‚" square foot." In that affidavit he made reference to the above state-ments, in the following words:Š " (1) On page 168 it is said, The challenge and propositions originally made by Mr. Crafts were not subject in any sense to the consent of others.' (2) In same article, it is said, ' In the challenge of Mr. Crafts there was no intimation that he was under the con-trol of the Chicago ministers.' (3) In same, the de-pendence of the debate in Chicago upon the consent of others is called ' an after-consideration.' " The above statements I declare, on oath, are will-' ful and malicious slanders. In such case Prot Jones is bound to prove his statements by the original let-ters. They will show that my first challenge for a debate at Kalamazoo was subject to the approval of the ministers of that city. This is stated in my original challenge to Prof. Jones, and also in my letter to ROT. W. A. Waterman of Kalamazoo, who would testify by letter to this effect, if requested. Before the ministers of Kalamazoo replied, Prof. Jones wished the place changed toŁChicago, to which I con-sented subject to the approval of the Illinois Sabbath As-sociation, as is shown by several of my letters to Prof. Jones, and by others, to Rev. C. E. Mandeville, D. D., of Chicago, who would so testify if requested. The Illinois Sabbath Association declined to approve and arrange the debate on the ground that Prof. Jones had shown himself a trickster at the Washing-ton hearing and that his obscure sect were not worthy of so much attention." The italics in the above are exactly as they ap- pear in the affidavit. He calls on us to prove our statements by the original letters. This we can do; if we could not those statements would not have been made in the SENTINEL. He says: " They will show that my first challenge for debate at Kalamazoo was subject tq the approval of the ministers of that city. This is stated in my original challenge to Prof.. Jones." This is not only what he says; but he has made positive oath that it is true. He does not make even the usual qualification of an oathŠthat it is true to the best of his knowledge and belief. He plainly swears without qualifica- ,—:Itinn thAt..bisAy(tement io, true. Here is a fac simile of the original letter to me in which the original challenge was made. (See printed copy opposite) :Š All a, . Ł / 41.  ' oc,:c411/74 /464,0s7) 7L47'61" 9Z.1  Z71°  A7C/f"  114"je  A 47(11-7.e,  77- a Ł 4/ 4e 41/4  j- /t+ 4-711 6)  74- .—4—/ Ł -t- Af  g44  " PROF. A. T. JONES: I expect to be in Mich-igan to speak somewhereŠthe place is un-der advisementŠon evening of June 3d. I would be glad to have a kindly debate, not in the interest of personal victory for either of us, but of truth, at Kalamazoo or some other large town quite near to your headquarters, tbat your people as well as mine may be well represented in the audi-ence; or better still, let it be at the Capital, to which people may more readily come from all parts of the State. If you agree, I think I could get Lansing pastors to secure a hall and advertise the meeting or con-vention. The subject of the debate to be the enclosed Sunday Rest Petition, which is the form in which most of the petitioners have put their case. That is, the debate is substantially the same as that at Washing-ton, only "before the committee of the whole." - Yours for the truth, WILBUR F. CRAFTS. There stands the original chal-lenge of Mr. Crafts. It shows that no such statement or condition was made, as that the debate was subject to the approval of anybody ; and as for the ministers of Kalamazoo, they are not even mentioned. The only ministers that are referred to are "the Lansing pastors," and the only mention of them is that if I should agree to debate he thought he could get the Lansing pastors "to secure a hall and advertise the meeting or convention." That is all. There is no such . statement as that the debate was subject to the approval of the Lansing pastors; and I repeat, as for the Kalamazoo ministers, they are not even mentioned in the letter. Mr. Crafts may say that he meant it-sop or that he intended to say so; but that is not the question. He said that we "might properly be called to answer either in civil or church courts," and we are ready to do so. But he must bear in mind that when he comes into either a civil or a church court, the question will not turn upon what he meant, or what Ile intended to say, but upon what he said. The above letter shows what he said. He swears that that challenge will show that a debate at Kalamazoo was "subject to the ap-proval of the ministers of that city." The challenge shows nothing of the kind. Mr. Crafts has sworn that the challenge says what it does not say. Further: Even though the chal-lenge had actually said that the de-bate was subject to the approval of the Lansing pastors, still it would be a false oath, because he swears that it was subject to the approval of the ministers of Kalamazoo. But the challenge does not even say of the Lansing pastors what Mr. Crafts swears it says of the ministers of Kalamazoo. Therefore it is demon-strated that on this point his oath is not true in any sense. If he must swear he ought to swear to the truth. He may plead that he made this coaditionin a letter written to Ralf., 