234 A.1%11-_,4 IFtICA_INT VoL. 10, No. 30. blushingly declares that it is the settled policy of the Roman Cathelic Church, in waging war on non-Catholics, to teach one,thing.publicly while privately holding the'opposite -View, how can he. or his church expect, the -American people to believe the church When'..it asserts that it is in ;favor-  of religious freeilorn, and if it should ever, get control in the United States it would not use its position to oppress non-Catholics? The Catholic Church in the United States is just now loudly proclaiming its loyalty to the American principle of reli-gious freedom. It is declaring that prejudice against' it is wholly unjustifiable, in ;view of its repeated assertion that it is in accord with the American idea of separation of Church and State. But many of us who have studied the history of the papacy were con-vinced that it Was a part of the papal policy to, deceive its opponent with pleasant face and fair promises until the opportune moment came to strike the fatal blow. The editor of the Western Catholic News, who ought to know, voluntarily declares that this is the policy of the papacy. And, be-sides, the Western Watchnzan, of St. Louis, another Roman Catholic paper, in its issue of July 11, has decided that the moment has arrived to " uncover " ' on the question of reli-gious freedom and to announce that if the Roman Catholic Church ever obtains power in the United States that it will compel all Prot-estants and non-Catholics to remove their hats when a Roman Catholic procession passes on the streets. However, we are persuaded that these two Catholic journals " uncovered " a little too soon. But be that as it may, froth this on, if the Western Catholic News is not promptly repudiated by the Roman Catholic Church, no Roman Catholic will have the right to charge non-Catholics with misrepresenting the Catholic Church by charging it with duplicityŠwith deliberately lying for the purpose of deceiving and destroy-ing an enemy. Now let the reader turn and read the edit-orial, previously referred to, from the Western Watchman, page 235, and learn from that Catholic organ the kind 'Of religious liberty Protestants will enjoy when the papacy gets control in this country.  Ł AS. Ł A " NUISANCE " IN TENNESSEE. SECTION 2289 of the ŁCode of Tennessee for-bids the carrying on of the common avocations of_ life on Sunday, works of real necessity and charity only excepted, under penalty of $3, to be recoVered by "one-half to the person who will sue for the same" before a justiceŁ of thepeace. Nothing is said in the statute:about public or private work. All work is forbidden " except work of necessity or charity." This was all the Sunday law that Tennessee had until a few years since, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist in Henry County, Tenn:, was indicted for nuisance; it being contended that whereas a single. act of Sunday work was punishable only under the statute, a repetition of such offense became a nuisance and was indictable. This view of the matter was sustained by the Supreme Conrt, notwithstanding the'fact that that same tribunal had previously held that barbering on Sunday was not indictable, and that to so hold would be "a far-fetched and strained interpretation of the law," and of the word " nuisance." In the several cases tried in Western Ten-nessee under this decision (for we cannot say that they were under the statute), the idea that it required a repetition of an offense to con-stitute a 'nuisancei was consistently kept in I See page 235. view. As stated in these columns, June 13, Judge Swiggart held in Henry County, Jaia-nary, 1893, that " it is not an indictable of-fense. for a man to perform one act on Sunday against the statute. And in a particular case in which the proof was that the defendant had worked in his garden on one Sunday, and that he had "piled chunks" in his clearing on another Sunday, Judge Swiggart charged that if the proof showed only two acts of Sun-day work, it would not be sufficient to estab-lish such a succession of acts as to constitute a nuisance. But, as previously stated in these columns, Judge Parks, of the 17th Tennessee Circuit, takes a very different view of the "law," as made by the Supreme Court, and holds that a single act of public work is indictable and punishable as a nuisance. At the recent term in Rhea County, he charged as fol-lows:Š GENTLEMEN OF THE JURY: The defendant is charged in the indictment with carrying on the common avo-cations of life on Sunday, the same not being acts of necessity or charity. To this charge a plea of not guilty has been entered, and this makes the issue which you are impanelled and sworn to try. It is a violation of the laws of the State for, any person to carry on any of the common avocations of life on Sunday by doing, secular work of any kind, works of real necessity or charity excepted. The gist of the offense consists in doing work of such character or in such manner as amounts to a public nuisance. A nuisance is defined by law to be that which works hurt, inconvenience or damage to the public, or that is injurious to public morals. To constitute the offense charged in this indictment it is not necessary for the State to show that any per-son was actually disturbed by the work. It is suffi-cient if it be shown that the acts which the law holds as illegal and forbidden were done in such a public manner as to be open to the observation of the public. The law regards the carrying on of common work on Sunday as having a tendency to corrupt public morals, and regards the example as pernicious and contrary to good order, the well-being of society, and public pol-icyŠprovided such work is not of real necessity or charity and done in a public way; that is, where it is open to the observation of the public. Ordinarily, a single act of any kind, which, if re-peated and continued would aniount to a nuisance (such as profanity, etc.), is not indictable. This rule applies to cases of the kind now on trial. If a person does a single act of work, which is not continued to that extent, or which is not done under such circum-stances as to amount to a nuisance as already defined, he would not be guilty. But the Supreme Court has held that in profanity cases (for instance) a single oath, either by its terms, or the circumstances under which it is uttered, may amount to a nuisance. Pre-cisely the same rule applies to a case of the kind now on trial. A single act of work, done under such cir-cumstances as to amount to a nuisance, is indictable and punishable as such. A man may do such work as he sees fit in private and the law will take no cogni-zance of it as a nuisance. But when he does the com-mon work of life on Sunday (acts of necessity or char-ity excepted), and does it in such a public manner as to be open to the observation of the public, the law regards it as prejudicial to public morals and indict-able as a nuisance, whether it be a single act or whether it be repeated and continued from Sunday to Sunday. A different rule would allow a person to work all day on Sunday under such circumstances as would amount to a most flagrant desecration of the day and escape punishment on the ground that it was only a single act, etc. It will be noticed that in this charge the judge attempts to refute the claim that a sin-gle act is not indictable as a nuisance. He affirms that it is, and says:Š A different rule would allow a person to work all day on Sunday under such circumstances as would amount to a most flagrant desecration of the day and escape punishment on the ground that it was only a single act. In this the judge utterly ignores the exist-ence of any statute on the subject, or of a statutory penalty. True, a person might work all day on Sunday and escape indictment on the ground that it was only a . single act, but he could not escape the fine provided by the statute, if anybody was willing to sue for the same. His honor thus assumes that the safe-guards thrown around Sunday by the legisla- ture are utterly inadequate and that the courts mustprotect it by the imposition of very ma-terially heavier penalties. This is remarkable enough in any event, but it is the: more: so when we remember that Judge Parka '_has, in several ways, given very decided ' evidence of sympathy with those who are persecuted under this very remarkable so-called. Sfinday law. ' Little effort was made in the recent cases in Rhea County to prove more than one act of work on Sunday, and several of the accused were convicted for a single act and for very trivial acts; acts which taken alone, that is apart from the well-known practice of the de-fendants to keep another day and to work on Sunday, could scarcely have been held to amount to a " flagrant desecration of the day." It seems clear that both judge and jury were influenced in this matter by the religious views of the defendants, that is, that they al-lowed the fact of the religious views of the Adventists to operate against them, and this notwithstanding the fact that the judge several times warned the jury against this. But it only shows how impossible it is to eliminate religious prejudices from the administration of a statute which owes its very existence to religious dogma and to the tendency of the majority to coerce the minority in matters of conscience. If Judge Parks' view is to prevail, and if it be the correct one, as a legal proposition, then the decision of the Supreme Court has entirely superseded the statute enacted by the legisla-ture. If a more flagrant violation of consti-tutional la* can be found anywhere in the history of any American State, we would be glad to be referred to it. For, unless Judge Parks greatly errs in his interpretation of the decision of the Supreme Court, that eminent tribunal has usurped the function of the leg-islative branch of the government, and has both repealed and enacted law. But we do not want any reader to get the idea that we regard the Sunday statute of Ten-nessee as made by the legislature of the State as any 'better in principle than that made by the decisions of the Supreme Court. The prin-ciple is precisely the same so far as the right of the State to regulate sabbath observance goes. All such legislation in Tennessee is unconsti tutional, whether enacted by the legislature or by the Supreme Court; and we believe that legal minds in that State are fast coming to see it in that light. THE CHURCH AND CITIZENSHIP. THE Church is an association of Christians. The work of the Church is not to make men good citizens, but to spread the light of the gospel, by which men are made Christians. A Christian is necessarily a good citizen; but good citizenship is not the aim of the gospel: If it were, it would fall infinitely shert of accomplishing what it does to-day. A. Chris-tian must be a good citizen; but a good citizen may be no Christian at all: The foundation of Christianity is faith; " the faith of Jesus." The foundation of citizenship is respect for the rights of others. Christianity deals with the thoughts and in-tents of the heart; citizenship-deals only with the outward deportment. The majesty of the law May: secure in an individual an out= ward regard for-the rights of others, but it cannot make right the thoughts and intents of the heart. He whose outward deportment does not correspond with the desires and intents of his heart is a hypocrite. The law can change a man's deportment, but not' the man himself. 