186 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Senator GeorgeŠ"Let me ask you a question there. Is not this proposed amendment, and are not these proceedings here, rather an imitation of what is charged against the Catholics, of attain-ing their ends by political methods?" Doctor MorrisŠ"It would be very strange, sir, if we would not follow an enemy into any battle-field to which he might resort to accomplish his purposes." This is a new sort of military tactics. That a general should leave a field in which he has every advantage, and follow an enemy into a field where he confesses that that enemy has every advantage, is certainly a novel method of con-ducting a campaign. He condemns the Cath-olics for not seeking to accomplish their purposes by the American method of intelligent agitation before the great jury of the public. He knows, and so do we all, that the Roman Catholic claim on the question of religion in the public schools cannot for a moment stand in the field of public discussion against the principles of the American Constitution. Therefore, the proper thing to do for those who oppose the Roman Catholic scheme is to make the public discussion as wide, as public, and as determined as possible. If Mr. Morris's forty-two million of " evangelicals " will take the true American position and stand upon the posi-tion of the American Constitution, they need not fear for one moment any peril that might arise from Roman Catholicism; but instead of doing this, these men abandon that field where they have every advantage, and in their own words follow their enemy into the battle-field to which he resorts to accomplish his purposes and not only that, but in that field they under-take to meet the enemy with the very weapons at the handling of which they confess that the en-emy are adepts. It is impossible in such a case that there can be any other result than that the evangelicals will be ingloriously defeated. This, however, is not the first instance in which the "evangelicals" have done the same thing. They first went into the enemy's field by demanding the teaching of religion in the public schools; they now find that they are getting worsted in the contest, and instead of honorably retreating to firm ground in a field in which they could have every possible advantage, they blindly follow the enemy yet further into the field of his own choosing, there to use weapons in the use of which they know the enemy are adepts. Was there ever another instance of such folly? Senator George probed to the heart the scheme that underlies this whole movement, when he asked Doctor Morris whether these proceedings were not "rather an imitation of what is charged against the Catholics, of obtaining their ends by political methods." That is precisely what it is, and that is all that it is. And as the Protestants, taken as a whole, are so overwhelmingly in the majority in this country, the probabilities are altogether in favor..of their winning in the race, and the result can be nothing else than the es-tablishment of a Protestant religious despotism after the model of the Catholic one of the Middle Ages. Will the American people be wise in time? A. T. J. AMONG all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the viola-tion of what government denominated the law of God.ŠSenate Report, 1829. Our Authority for That Statement. A CORRESPONDENT at Gold Hill, Oregon, writes to ask our authority for the statement that the American Sabbath Union " declare the basis of their movement to be the fourth command-ment." We are surprised that any reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL (for such we suppose our correspondent to be) should ask such a question, because our authority has been repeatedly stated; but for the benefit of new readers and of those who may have overlooked the matter, we will re-state a few points :- 1. Colonel Elliott F. Shepard is president of the American Sabbath Union, so called, as well as editor of the New York Mail and Express, which paper, in its issue of January 25, 1889, published in full Mr. Shepard's address delivered upon the occasion of his election as president of the Union. In that address Mr. Shepard used the following language: "Choose ye this day whom ye will serve ; if the Lord be God, serve him ; and if the world be god, serve that. You have to say yes or noŠwhether you will stand by the decalogue, whether you will stand by the Lord God Almighty, or whether you will turn your back upon him. The work, therefore, of this society has just begun. We do not put this work on mere human reasoning, for all that can be overthrown by human reason. We rest it di-rectly and only on the divine commandment." 2. On the occasion of the hearing on the Blair Sunday-rest bill before the Senate -Committee on Education and Labor, December 13, 1888, Mr. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, introduced to the committee as the next speaker, Dr. Herrick Johnson, of Chicago, and in the course of Mr. Johnson's remarks the follow-ing dialogue took place between himself and Sen-ator Blair, chairman of the committee :Š "Mr. JohnsonŠThis appointment of one day in seven is arbitrary. There is nothing in nature to indicate that division of time. There is the day of twenty-four hours, there is the month, there is the year, all these are natural divisions; but there is nothing in nature to indicate the weekly division, the observance of one day in seven. It is arbitrary, and we regard that as an evidence of its divine origin. " The ChairmanŠHow do you base the Sab-bath itself upon a divine ordinance when there is no natural law to indicate which day is to be ob-served ? "Mr. JohnsonŠIt is in revelation, and it is found to be exactly in accord with the laws of nature. " The ChairmanŠYou base the law of one day's rest in seven upon revelation ; that is to say, upon the Bible? "Mr. JohnsonŠYes, sir. " The ChairmanŠThere are many who doubt that it is established by revelation, are there not ? " Mr. JohnsonŠI think no one who accepts the Bible doubts that there is one day in seven to be observed as a day of rest. " The ChairmanŠWill you just state the au-thority? "Mr. JohnsonŠ' Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy. . . . Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: " [This quotation is, from pp. 50, 51 of " Notes of a Hearing before the Committee on Education and Labor, United States Senate, Thursday, De-cember 13, 1888, on the bill (S._ 2983) entitled, 'A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of  the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship.' " This is a public document, and if the edition is not exhausted can be had free of charge by applica-tion to any member of Congress.] - On this occasion Mr. Johnson was speaking di-rectly in behalf of the American Sabbath Union, and, as we have already stated, was introduced to the committee by the field secretary of that Union. 3. But again, in a speech delivered before the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor, held in Philadelphia, November 16, 1888, and re-ported in the Journal of United Labor (the date we are unable to give) Mr. Crafts himself said : " A weekly day of rest has never been secured in' any land except on the basis of religious obliga-tion. Take religion out and you take the rest out." 4. Again; the Lutheran Observer (524 Wal-nut Street, Philadelphia), of December 21, 1888, a paper which is in hearty sympathy with the American Sabbath Union, attributes to Mr. Crafts this language: " The bill which has been intro-duced makes Sunday the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans, which day shall be occupied only by worship." The bill referred to was Senator Blair's Sunday-rest bill. Other utterances might be quoted, but these are abundantly sufficient to show that we have not misrepresented the leaders of the American Sab-bath Union when we say that they " declare the basis of their movement to be the fourth com-mandment." And yet they deny that their move-ment is religious, asserting that it is in the inter-ests of the workingmen, and that it in no way tends to a union of Church and State. Why Not Watch Protestants, Also? REV. MAKEPIECE TRUEWORTHY, of Washing-ton, D. C., is very much alarmed at the innova- tions of the Roman Church in this country. In a communication to the San Francisco Occident (Presbyterian), he says :Š " In order to aid in exposing Romanism to the Amer-icans, I have set to myself the task of an examination of some of the best writings lately from the press, and also to a careful examination of Rome's secret work here at the capitalŠa work which is startling in some respects. When the American people once open their eyes to things they will protest, to the shed-ding of blood, to this Romanizing of our country." Of the new Catholic university being erected near Washington, he says:Š "A great many calm men look with justifiable dis-trust upon this proposed great Catholic university at the seat of our Government. It is probably true that it is a part of a well-settled purpose to prosecute a great political propaganda from the seat of Papal authority in Rome. The late revival of Papal opposi-tion to all things Protestant, whether religious, or the civil institutions growing out of Protestant thought, is indicative of a Papal purpose which Americans should watch closely." The question naturally arises, in view of the persistent work of the National Reform Associa-tion and the National Sunday Union, Why not at the same time watch the purposes of these so-called Protestants ? They are engaged in build-ing an image to the same Papal power concerning whose secret work at the capital the Rev. Mr. Trueworthy is so much alarmed. All the histor-ical oppressions and intolerance of the Papal Church have been under the privileges of Church and State Governments, whether in 