18 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. true religion which the Government "shall de- fend and maintain!" If this is not making the Government the creature of the churches, to be controlled and guided according to their will,, then we must confess our ignorance of the meaning of lan-guage. And if this would not be a union of church and State, full and complete, then we repeat the assertion that such a union never yet existed. But, call it what they willŠa union of church and State or something elseŠ it is just such a state of things as existed in "the Dark Ages" of the Christian church; just such a state of things as led to the erection of the Inquisition, and controlled the action of the civil power in the auto de feŠthe burning of heretics. It was also remarked in this paper that such an amendment will "lead to endless religious disputes in our legislatures and in Congress." And, " when a candidate's religious position is to be canvassed in party caucuses, and political demagogues, because they have wired them-selves into office, have to settle questions on the Bible, then we may write Icha,bod ' on our churches and on the popular religion." We have no doubt that some of our readers imagined that we were needlessly fearful of what would be the result of such a change in the organic structure of our Government. But such have not considered, as we have tried to do, and as the promoters of the movement have done, what must be necessary to give ef- fect to such a movement, or to make it practical. Hear further from the same article from whidh we last quoted:Š "How is the amendment to be carried out practically ? In brief, its adoption will at once make the morality of the ten commandments to be the supreme law of the land, and any-thing in the State constitutions and laws that is contrary to them will at once become uncon-stitutional. But the changes will come gradu-ally, and probably only after the whole frame-work of Bible legislation has been thoroughly canvassed by Congress and State legislatures, by the supreme courts of the United States and of the several States, and by lawyers and citizens generally." On this we first remark that the ten com-mandments are not a part of " Christianity,"Š not a part of what are universally accepted as Ł "the laws of Jesus Christ." They antedate Christianity. They are the moral .law, on which. the Christian religion is based; they point out and condemn sin, but they do not contain any remedy or pardon for sin. They might be adopted in a Mohammedan nation without at all changing the religious character of the nation. In fact, this is not the object of this "National Reform" movement. But the point to which we wish to call at- tention is ,this: "The whole frame-work of Bible legislation" has got to be "thoroughly canvassed by Congress," etc. Always remem-bering that their final action has to be deter-mined by the churches. For the article con-tinues:Š " The churches and the pulpits have much to do with shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Scripture on moral and civil, as well as on the-ological and ecclesiastical points; and it is prob-able that in the almost universal gathering of  our citizens about these [the churches and the pulpits], the chief discussions and the final de-cisions of most points will be developed there." Of- course; of course. Nothing less than this is contemplated in this Religious Amendment movement; nothing less than this would meet their demand. We need not inquire what will be the posi-tion of dissenters in this general upheaval of society, religiously and politically. As men must now yield their personal feelings and pref-erences to the will of the majority in civil and secular matters, so in like manner they will then have to yield their feelings and prefer-ences, or, in other words, their convictions and consciences, in religious matters. It will not be a substitution of the church in the place of Government; but it will be the Government in the hands of the church,Šthe enforcement of matters of religion, even as civil and secular matters are now enforced. We would that such a state of things might never be in America. If the American people are true to themselves, and prove themselves worthy of their Patriotic fathers who founded our noble Government, and guaranteed our re-ligious freedom by Constitutional provisions, then such a state of things will never be. But we must confess that we have many fears, when we see the array of influence in favor of the movement, and see so great indifference, on the part of so large numbers, as to the safety of our republican institutions. But we shall do all in our power to warn the people of the consequences of the proposed action, and ever faithfully to occupy our position as an AMERI- CAN SENTINEL. J. H. W. Morality and Religion. A LETTER has been received asking a 'ques-tion which has arisen in the mind of the writer on reading our remarks on this subject. It is this:Š "Can laws which guard religious rights and protect religious privileges be considered op-pressive to non-religionists?" By no means. it is the duty of every Gov-ernment to guard all rights, and to protect in the exercise of all privileges which may law-fully be exercised. This is not oppressive to the non-religionists. But religion is a vol-untary matter; under coercion it is worthless and a mockery. That which is a privilege to one, being a matter of conscience, is no priv-ilege to another, whose conscience is not exer-cised in the same manner. A law to compel the non-religionist to observe religious rites .and rules because they are privileges to his re-ligious neighbor, is oppressive. It is injustice to the man and an injury to religion. The duty of the Government is not exhausted when it has protected the rights of the relig-ious. Governments are not established for the benefit of any one class of -their subjects. It is no more the duty of Government to protect the religionist, than it is its duty to protect the non-religionist. The non-religionist has a citi-zenship; he acquires property; he- builds a house; he pays taxes; and he has the same right to be protected that his religious neighbor has. He has no right to disturb his neighbor, or hin-der him from living out his religion; and his re- ligious neighbor has no right to disturb him in the peaceful possession of his home because he is not religious; he has no right to compel him to observe religious rites in which he does not believe. Neither has any class of religion- ists any right to disturb others because they profess a religion different from their own. And it is equally the duty of the Government to protect them all, whatever their religion may be, or whether or not they have any at all. Another question is proposed, which grows more directly out of the remarks we made upon the ten commandments. It is as follows:Š " Although the first four commandments par-take more of the nature of religious precepts than the last six, may not the Government, under some circumstances, restrain .from the violation of these? for instance, the third, which forbids blasphemy." We are glad to notice this query, because we .wish to impress more forcibly upon the minds of our readers the distinctions to which we called attention. The main points pre-sented are these:- 1. The ten commandments as a whole are the moral law. Each one contains an elemen- tary principle, or truth. They originated in the mind of the Creator, resting upon no con-tingency over which any creature had or could have any control. They grow out of our rela-tions to God and to our fellow-man by virtue of our creation. And this is the main charac-teristic which distinguishes them from all other laws. 2. Though they are all moral, yet they are also religious, using the word religion in its primary sense only; that is, obedience to, or worship of, God, such as holy and unfallen be-ings could render. But they differ in this, that the religious element predominates in the first four, because they relate more directly to our duty to God; and the moral element predomi- nates in the last six, because they relate more directly to our duty to our fellow-man. But they cannot be so separated that a man may be truly religious and violate any of the last six,  or be truly moral and violate any of the first four. 3. But Christianity is a religion in quite an- other sense. It is purely remedial; it grows out of the sole fact that man sinned. It does not grow out of any primary relation,Šthat is, any relation which existed by virtue of crea-tion. It is essentially different from the moral law, and its rites and institutions are religious only. They have no moral element. For if they were moral also, they could not belong to a remedial system, as they would then be duty on their own account. When the precept was announced, "Repent, and be baptized," it was not declared because it was an original or moral obligation, but because of sin; and thus it was added "for the remission of sin." It was in the terms of the amnesty which the Government proclaimed to a race of rebels. Now we are prepared to follow out this train of thought to a further conclusion. Though the ten commandments are moral, only a moral governor can enforce thou on a moral basis. Civil Government, administered by fallible men, can- enforce these laws only on a civil basis. This is shown by considering that the tenth 