THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 339 "good in itself," is nevertheless sometimes to be de-sired. The editor continues : "It seems to be in line with nature that from time to time all things are treated to a thorough shaking up. The cyclone and the hurricane keep the forest trees from growing weak and frail and flabby. So the man in business grows blunt and dull if his work is like a tread-mill year by year, and he needs the danger of defeat or competition to whet and sharpen up his thick-edged wits." The editor does well to liken war to "the cyclone and the hurricane ;" but the idea that such terribly distractive storms are essential or even helpful to the growth of forest trees, is certainly a mistake. Un- questionably trees are benefited by the strong winds common to all parts of the country at certain seasons of the year; but "the cyclone and the hurricane" twist and uproot, leaving in their wake only broken, or at least weakened trees, which, if not denuded of their beauty, are at least windshaken at the heart. We should; however, let our editor make his own application of the figure he has introduced. He says : "As a country we were being drugged with the monotony of secure and easy-going prosperity. Pa-triotism was on the verge of slumber, for slumber is a pit that is deep and often fathomless. Men in office, as a general rule, saw no peril to the state, and so by methods, sometimes fair and often foul, they sought their own advantage, while all about them other men protested and found fault, not at what men in the office did, but because they themselves could not do the same. And all the while the great mass of people heeded not the actions of the office-holders and the politicians on the winning side, nor yet the howls of the disappointed barking at the doors." Patriotism is "love of country," and undeniably this has been wonderfully stimulated by the war with Spain. In the common acceptation of the term, pa- triotism means love of one's own country, but usually the love of country developed by foreign war is broader than this in that it stimulates and revives not only love of one's own country, but in the case of the more pow- erful nations it excites love of the country of the other party, to the extent that not infrequently only the pos- session of a large share of the territory of that country will satisfy that "love." But such "love of country" is only selfishness. However, it will be best to let the editor to whom reference has been made tell his story. He con-tinues: "The war with Spain awoke this sleepy, almost dormant, patriotic spirit. Men in office had thrust -upon them, without their asking, new and great re-sponsibilities, which either made strong men of them and brought out those sterling qualities, such as they themselves had never dreamed of, or else these same responsibilities proved too great; the weakness of the men appeared and they were forced to give way for  stronger though not more honest men. And the peo-ple lifted up their heads, before this bent intently on their work, and watched the progress of their country, went out to guard its honor on the sea, the battle-field, and at the ballot-box. The conscience of the country was startled from its stupor and again became an active, influential agent in shaping and controlling the action of the country." It may seem almost iconoclasm to cast athwart this beautiful pen-picture, the hateful shadow of sordid mo-tives, overweaning ambition, petty jealousy in army and navy, embalmed beef, and postal fraud scandals, etc., but the overdrawn picture makes it necessary that the truth be told, or at least referred to, "lest we forget ; lest we forget." And even the writer we are thus briefly reviewing seems himself to realize that there is another side to the picture, for he adds : "I sometimes fear that the shaking up was hardly long enough, and not severe enough to bring about the best results." And surely something is wrong. Either "the shaking up" was not long enough or hard enough, or possibly it was not the sort of shaking up that we as a people needed, for assuredly it has led only to evil so far as this nation is concerned. Our arms have triumphed, but in the moment of victory, even in the framing of the treaty of peace, Greed struck down Liberty; the Declara-tion of Independence was trampled in the dust; and to-day the government once the handmaid of Liberty is doing the bidding of Despotism, and the end is not yet. B. The Holy Day by Law E8tablished. The advocates of legal Sunday enforcement are manifesting more than ordinary activity at the present time in Wisconsin. One of the themes discussed by the secretary of the Sunday Rest Day Association of the State is, "Can We Afford to Change Our Holy Day for a Holiday ?" Of course nobody who has a holy day can afford to change it for a holiday ; nor is there any reason why he should. Whoever pleases to observe either Sunday or another day as a holy day has a perfect right to do so ; and no earthly power has any right to require him either to think of it or to treat it as a holiday. "He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord ; and he that regardeth not the day un-to the Lord he doth not regard it." Therefore to the in-dividual to whom any day is holy it is holy, and nobody but himself can make it otherwise. It is just as true that to the individual to whom any day is a holiday, to him it is such and no earthly power can make it any thing else to him. Probably, however, the question refers not to indi-vidual belief and practice, but to the legal recognition of Sunday by the State. In other words, the real ques- 