THE, SENTINEL Or LIDEIRT'It. . 797 is to make 'good, clean thenŠmen who will be hon-est in all the walks of life; in the home, in private business and 'in public office. And this is only in-cidental; it comes not as the end, but as an adjunct of character-building. The real work of the church is to bring men into harmony,  with God; to restore in the human soul the image of God. The primary object is to pre-pare citizens for the everlasting kingdom of God. Of course the more good men there are in any com-munity, the higher will be the moral tone of that community;  and thus the church necessarily and ,.in-evitably exerts "political" influence; but a C.hurch in politics-in any other sense-than this is a church outside its legitimate domain, acting outside of the gospel commission, and consequently without divine warrant. STARTLING STATISTICS. FOR several' years the Times-Herald of this city has been collecting criminal statistics, and, has just published a table showing the average number of murders committed in each State and Territory in `the Union during the last ten years. The awful total of recorded murders for the decade is 98,790, an annual average of 9,879 or 27.04 (plus) per day, which is more than one murder for each hour of the twenty-four during the entire year, or, in other words, 98,790 murders in 87,660 hours. Texas heads this horrible list with an annual average of 1,021 murders, or nearly three per day; while Vermont occupies the place of honor, in this instance, the foOt of the' column, with an annual average of only six homicides. Nor do these figures tell the whole sad story of the taking of human life. There are doubtless very many Murders in the country each year that are never reported as such. It costs money to investi-gate the cause. of death, and fo'r this reason. it is frequently not dope. The individual dies. Some accommodating physician gives a death certificate based ci'n a description of the "symptoms "; the body is buried, and there the matter ends. Not in-frequently "murder"ed" ought to be written into the space where appears the name of some disease. In many country places _a physician's certificateŁof the cause of death is not even required, and heart failure, apoplexy, acute, gastritis, and kindred "dis- eases," carry off their victims and no questions are asked, and very often there is not even suspicion. But theŁ known facts are bad enough, to say nothing of what a more 'rigid system of supervision would almost certainly, disclose. Human life is held far too cheaply. The crime of murder, has ceased to be regarded with that horror with which it was viewed half a century ago. As one contem-plates such an array of figures as that presented by the Times-Herald statistical table, one instinctively couples together the Saviour's prediction: "As the days of Noah were, so shall the coming of the Son of man be" (Matt. 24: 37), and the statement_ of Gen. 6: 13, that 'in the days of Noah the earth was "filled with violence." The wo.rld is looking for an era of peace, when all men will be converted. The Scriptures tell of "perilous times." 2 Tim. 3:.1-5. The " nations " are talking of a time when " they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning-hooks," but the Lord says of that same time: "Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty .men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up: beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I am, strong. * * * Let the heathen be awakened, and come up to the valley of Jehosh-aphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about." Joel 3: 9, 10, 12. "A prudent man seeth the evil and hideth him-self; but the' simple pass on and suffer for it." CIVIL injustice and religious intolerance have ever intrenched themselves behind mere statutes, misnamingŁ them laws. "We have a law, and by our law, he ought to die," said the Jews when accu-sing the Saviour of men. It was civil," law" that,  cast the three Hebrews into the fiery furnace, that consigned Daniel to the lion's den, that put-to death the apostles, that gave to the wild beasts the early Christians, that clothed with authority the ,Inquisi-tion and carried out its cruel decrees, that burned Huss and Jerome, and tortured and pia to death millions of martyrs in the Dark Ages, that whipped, banished, and hanged Quakers and Baptists in New England and Virginia, and that even 'to-day fines and imprisons in various places honest, God-fearing men for practical dissent from the prevailing prac-tice touching proper Sabbath observance. 