AMERICAN SENTINEL. 179 be not raised," wrote Paul to the Corinthians, "your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins." And he adds, "But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept." 1 Cor. 15:17, 19. The resurrection of Christ from the dead is the sure pledge of the resurrection of all those who "sleep in Jesus." And this resurrection is to take place at the second appearing of Jesus Christ in the clouds of heaven, in the glory of his Father, and attended by all the holy angels. At that time the righteous will enter upon their eternal re-ward, which has been secured to them through the gospel. Matt. 16:27; 24:30, 31; 25:31-34, etc. We are, then, upon this divine authority, to live "so-berly, righteously, and godly, in this present world, look-ing for that blessed hope"Šnot of the entrance of Christ's kingdom into "the realm of law through the gateway of politics;" not of the "regeneration of society" through the Church's political supremacy,Šbut of "the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ ; " even as we are exhorted by the Apostle Peter to consider what manner of persons we ought to be, "in all holy conversation and godliness, looking for and basting unto the coming of the day of God." 2 Peter 3: 11, 12. Our hope, the Christian's hope, and the hope of.  the Christian Church, is that of his coming again to earth in the power and glory of his Father, to raise the right-eous dead, terminate the reign of sin and sorrow, and take to himself and to their eternal reward all those who shall then stand justified by faith in him. Is not this hope sufficient for the Church? Could there be a brighter, better hope to illuminate her path-way and cheer her in her warfare against earth's sin and error? Could she look forward to any better, more sat-isfactory termination of the long contest of sin and right-eousness for the supremacy? Is the hope of "regen-erating society" and "purifying politics" through the acquisition of political supremacy, a hope that can bear comparison with this? Why, then, has the Church turned from this "blessed hope." established by God's own Word, to occupyiaer time and energies with the miserable and .chimerical project of trying to usher in the kingdom of Christ through "the gateway of politics?" How long will she live so far be-neath her privilege? One Law for Rich and Poor. Ix the LOndon (Eng.) Westminster Review, Mr. R. Spence Watson makes the following pertinent observa-tions on the subject of Sunday opening of museums and Sunday lectures:Š "Two stock objections are made, both to the opening of museums and similar institutions on Sundays, and to the delivery of Sunday lectures; they involve a certain amount of labor, and certain payments are made to lec-turers and others. I could appreciate the force of these objections if they did not apply with equal force to  churches and chapels, and to domestic life. I say noth-ing about the splendid voluntary work which is done here and elsewhere, because that also is true of all these efforts alike. But I wish that those of our opponents who have their own gardens to walk in, their own libra-ries to read the books of their own choice in, their own pianos to listen to and pictures to look at, would put themselves, in thought, in the places of those whose choice lies between one or two poorly-appointed rooms, the cheerless Sunday streets, and the brilliant and crowded gin palace. Our English Sundays have too long pressed heavily upon those who do not wish to spend morning and evening alike in devotional exercises. To, keep them as they have been, I believe to be wrongŠalto-gether wrongŠeven from the religious point of view." Ł I.- ir  IF people are to be driven by law into the churches on Sunday, why should not the Rev. Mr. Bogus and his contemporaries be obliged by law to furnish preaching-that is orthodox and worth listening to? The " Labor Trust" in Court. As has been noticed in these columns, the principle of the "trust" is just as susceptible of being used against individual liberty by the organizations of labor, as by those of capital. An instance in illustration of this has come before the public through some decisions of the courts, the last of Which was from the court of final ap- peal. The case is given the following notice in the New York Times:Š "For some six years a case has been wending its slow way through the courts of this State, which, reaching the Court of Appeals, has brought out a decision of great im, portance as to what we have ventured to call the labor trust. It is a suit brought in 1891 by a workman in a brewery in Rochester against a branch of the Knights of Labor to recover damages on the ground that he had been deprived of the opportunity to work because heŁ would not join the local assembly. The assembly pleaded a contract with the brewers' organization by which the latter agreed not to employ for more than four weeks any man who would not join the assembly, pay its dues, and submit to its rules. This the workman refused to do, was discharged, and afterward was unable to secure employment. He won his case in the lower courts, and has now got a decision in the court of final appeal. The court says :Š " `Public policy and the interests of society favor the utmost freedom in the citizen to pursue his lawful trade or calling, and if the purpose of an organization or com-bination of workingmen be to hamper, or to restrict, that freedom, and, through contracts or arrangements with employers, to coerce other workingmen to become members of the organization, and to come under its rules and conditions, under the penalty of the loss of their po-sitions, and of deprivation of employment, then that purpose seems clearly unlawful, and militates against the spirit of our Government and the nature of our insti-tutions. The effectuation of such a purpose would con-flict with that principle of public policy which prohibits 