THE WORKINGMAN DECLINES THE SUPPORT OF RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. THE movement which aims to establish religious observances in this land by legal sanction, has long been represented as an effort in behalf of the workingmen, who it is said are compelled to work seven days in the week, and thus lose the day of rest. The falsity of the claim that workingmen are compelled to work on the Sabbath, is demonstrated by the fact that 50,000 people in this country observe the seventh day by abstaining from work, yet who are as much "compelled" to work seven days in the week as are any who observe the first day. The workingmen through their organizations have repudiated the idea that they have not strength enough to take care of themselves, and manhood enough to obey the dictates of conscience on the point of Sabbath observance. He who has faith in God, needs no other support in obeying the divine commands; and he who would not obey God without the support of the legislature, proclaims thereby that he is a moral cripple. "IF ANY 111AN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJeaus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 10, 1898. NUMBER 44. No STATE could be weaker than that whose citizens were unable to support themselves. THE truth most loudly proclaimed by the church in calling for the aid of state leg-islation, is that she has lost the support of God. LAWS are en-acted to uphold rights, not the in-dividuals to whom the rights belong. THE light of the world's high-est wisdom has never proved an antidote for mo-ral darkness. A SUNDAY law can never rise above the char-acter of a reli-gious quaran-tine. WORK iS not an enemy of the human race, but idleness and stagnation are enemies. A country is never so prosperous as when all its people have plenty of work. No SABBATH law is needed to uphold the right of the workingman to a day of weekly rest. WHEN the church speaks one word for the working-men on the sub-ject of Sabbath legislation, s h e speaks two words for herself. THE night is for physical rest; the Sabbath for spiritual rest. IT is possible to make a person rest in such a way that it be-comes more tire-some to him than work. To ADMIT that it is the duty of the state to detect and punish even one sin, as such, is to justify the Inquisition and the persecu-tions of the Darsk Ages. THE "powers that be" were not ordained of God to support the Christian Church or to be the means for the conversion of sinners. 