THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13 counties believe that it is not a crime to sell liquor and not a sin to drink it, If every saloon were closed to-morrow, they would still think the same, and would seek at onge some way to evade the law and satisfy their appetites. " Now if our friends, the preachers, will allow us, we will tell them a way to close the saloons in every river county without any help from the Legislature. . . . Let them turn a phalanx of their best workers loose in those counties, and start an old-fashioned temperance revival. Preach temperance, sing temperance, talk tem-perance, reach out the hand of kindness and love to the poor drunkard, teach men that the saloon is the enemy of their homes, show them that the path of so-briety is the way to happiness, and just as quick as a majority of the people have been ,conVerted, the saloons will be closed, will stay closed. We would recommend that the district conference that demanded more legislation stop passing resolutions and move over into Scott county and go to work. " As we believe in short sermons, we will practice what we preach. But we would urge upon the ministers of Iowa that they must not expect the law to make men good, and pure, and noble. . . . Don't expect the Legislature to do what a higher authority than man has laid upon human hearts and hands to do. We are disposed to look to the Legislature too much to re-form society. As Francis Murphy says, they have an idea in the East that the people of Iowa are trying to change the Lord's prayer so as to make it read, ' Our Father who art in the Legislature.' That won't do. Don't leave moral work to be done by the law. We don't want to see our ministers acting as searchers and inform-ers. Others can do that. They have a work which others can't do. It is theirs to do the work which their great Example did. He saved men from their sins, but but not with the sword of Caesar." .¨ Ł  No Compromise. THE Baltimore American thinks that progress in religious liberty "has been great during the present centuryŠgreater, perhaps, than in all its predecessors com-bined; and it has logically followed the spread of general knowledge." "But," remarks that journal, "there must be more progressŠvery much more, tooŠbefore men learn to respect those who differ from them in religious matters, and to refrain from damnatory criticism." This point, it intimates, is to be reached by compromise. But this is a mistake ; there can be no compromise in religion, as there can be in politics. Nothing can be hoped for in the direction of greater re-ligious liberty, or even the preservation of the degree of religious liberty which now exists, except as it comes through the rec-ognition of the divinely-established prin- ciple that in matters of faith men are an-swerable, not to their fellows, but to God alone. The true doctrine is that all men, no matter what their faith, are entitled to equal rights, both civil and social. The man who sits in judgment on another in the matter of his religion, and then at-tempts to punish him for what he is pleased to term "heresy," simply usurps a pre-rogative of God. The Province of Law. [ This article which is an abridgement of a sermon on "The Province of Law in Distinction from that of Truth" is from a discourse delivered by Rev. Ben-jamine F. Clark before the Executive and Legisla-tive Department of the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts, upon the occasion of the meeting of the Legislature of that State in 1869. It is equally well adapted to the national Legislature and to questions now before that body.] Gentlemen of the Senate and of the House of Representatives : As agents of the public in this commonwealth, you are called to fill honorable positions and to perform im-portant work. In the capacity of legisla-tors, it is highly important that you have clear and correct views respecting the province of law, that you may avoid the mistakes of others, and make your own legislation effective for good. Among our citizens there are those who seem to think that most of "the ills that flesh is heir to" can be removed by legis-lation. These ask for impracticable laws, in conflict with well-established principles in political economy and in human nature. They demand legislation which will reg-ulate the habits of the people. They de-mand legislation which shall force others to adopt their views and practices, and shall bring them into conformity to their standard of right. 'By this class of reform-ers, who are laboring to renovate the world by legislation, you will be apprOached, as your predecessors have been, with earnest petitions to frame their impracticable views into legal enactments. These im-practicable men and women may urge you to pass laws to effect ends which are not within the province of legislation. , In the capacity of legislators, you will find it profitable to keep this province dis-tinctly in view; bearing in mind that, while in a despotic government the habits of the people can be regulated by law, backed by military force, in a free govern-ment, like ours, having a sovereign in each of its subjects, this cannot be done. A despot may decide by law, which is the mere expression of his own will, what his subjects shall eat, drink and wear, and how they may talk and act; but such legislation in, a republic will always prove a failure and a disaster. Understand, that the law is good, if men use it lawfully; if they em-ploy it in a sphere to which it is adapted, and for an end it was designed to accom-plish. Guard against the fallacious reason-ings of men who demand of law what law, in its weakness, cannot do. If asked to remove acknowledged moral evils and to effect desired moral improve- ments by legal enactments, refuse com-pliance, saying to your petitioners, It is impossible to legislate men into holiness, to force them to cultivate the Christian graces, or even to practice the common virtues. These ends must be effected, if at all, by the potent agency of truth kindly applied to the rational in man. Christ and his apostles, and their immediate successors in the Christian Church, never invoked the aid of law in their reformatory work. They were content to use the truth in their endeavors to reform men; but when the church became corrupt, its members, like some modern reformers, became self-right-_eons, belligerent, cruel, denying the right to think, much less to speak, in opposition to their standards. Ł The men trained by the great Teacher were model reformers, and eminently suc-cessful in their work. They wrought wonderful changes in the views and habits of the people whom they converted to the belief and practice of Christianity. They erected the standard of the cross, and made it attractive. Multitudes of Jews and Gentiles were effectually drawn to it by the magnetic power of the truth it con-tained. In proportion as persons, profess-edly desiring to improve human society, have imitated these model reformers, in spirit and in action, have they been suc-cessful. What is the condition of the temper-ance reformation in our country to-day ? Like the Christian Church, when united to the Roman State, this reformation has yielded to the embrace of politicians and been paralyzed; and the demand is felt for some bold reformer to rescue it from this polluting embrace, and bring it back into the field in which it made such great and glorious conquests, where it may make others still greater and more glorious. Temperance societies now, instead of being institutions for moral reform, are political organizations; and temperance lectures and temperance sermons are, in many stances, mere political harangues, which de-grade the pulpit and desecrate the Sabbath. If asked to enact laws to compel men to be virtuous, direct your petitioners to the great Reformer, and bid them imitate him. Let them be told that the law is good if men use it lawfully, in its appropriate province, which is not to reform, but to protect. Let them be told that legal pro-tection in the use of moral means for effecting their objects is all the aid which legislation can properly afford. Let the history of the Pharisees of the Christian Church after its adoption by the Roman Emperor, of Catholic Mary, of Protestant Elizabeth, and of all other persecutors who have cruelly compelled persons to adopt their views and practices, influence you to resist importunate demands to frame laws for the regulation of men's habits, remem-bering that habits have opinions for their basis, and that opinions cannot be rationally changed by law and force. 