of the  United  '4."-4i.1§15141' Tsl%o4,,,2—,0,1 V642514-illt,W tcT3 °:t6.$:`1'651-OIRO4g 3-4 gU4  gAlgdgyi  rg I  1- 4:-,1 rz g tir2.0',51,,1111 kEttgAE:03 ,T0_8 o 0 g ,g118§1e.11E42,— Aia ,t,g tipz!gat  OZ.S.0.6 134 'PH L; AMERICAN SM\TTINEL. success of such efforts would make the Church the arbiter of the legislative functions of the Gov-ernment and place dangerous irresponsible power in the hands of the priesthood. Resolved, That according to the principles of the Goverment of the United States of America, the Church and State are and must be forever kept separate. The State should govern its oivil affairs, give its protection to every form of religious belief and secure freedom from molestation to every sect in the, exercise of its religious sentiments, and therefore any amendment to the Constitution pro-posed by the so-called Christian party in politics is destructive of existing civil liberty and should be energetically opposed. Resolved, That the real endeavor of the Christian party in politics is to establish a Papacy in place of the present secular form of government of the United States; that a Papacy does not alone mean a Pope's one-man power in the Church, nor a claim of Papal infallibility; nor an immoral pretense of power to bind or loose sins, nor the celebration of mass, nor use of holy water, nor the making of marriage a sacrament, nor the doctrine of ex-treme unction, nor consecrated ground for burial, nor the claim of any number of sacraments, nor the establishment of parochial schools to teach children what they cannot understand, nor a celi-bate priesthood, nor any form of theological doctrine regarding heaven, hell, or purgatory; but that a Papacy is any Church asserting divine authority for its teachings and therefore claiming the right to exercise civil power,Šwhether that Church calls itself Roman, Greek, Anglican, or Protestant. Resolved, That the centralization - of power, whether in the Church or in the State, is dangerous to civil liberty and to individual rights, and there-fore all attempts towards such centralization, either in Church or State, must be constantly and firmly opposed. Resolved, That as our Nation is composed of people holding various and conflicting religious views, Roman Catholics disagreeing with Protest-ant forms, both disagreeing with Jewish rites, and the Agnostic holding to no defined system, there-fore it is wrong and unjust to impose religious instruction of any kind upon the pupils of our common schools, and in simple justice to all people we denounce and oppose every kind of religious instruction, in our public schools. TAB newspapers that attack the Su-preme Court of Wisconsin for its decision that the reading of the Bible in the public schools of that State is in violation of the Constitution, are more enthusiastic than wise. The matter is one of law purely. The judges, as we are advised, are Chris-tian men; and while no doubt they would like to see the Bible read in all the public schools of the State, that is no reason why they should put the Constitution aside. Besides, the question relates to a particu-lar version which the Catholics do not accept. The starting point of the whole matter is the constantly recurring one of secta-rianism in the public schools, in which religion cannot be introduced free from sectarianism. The Wisconsin court is un-doubtedly right in its position, some well meaning newspapers to the contrary not-withstanding. Certain it is that the read-ing in -the public schools of the Douay, or Roman Catholic, version of the Bible would be denounced by the Protestant world as secular instruction prohibited by the Constitution. The reading of the Ring James version is no less so. Let us kave peace.ŠChristian at Work. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religions questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the inŁ estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Encouraging Words from Michigan Lawyers. OVER seventy letters have been received, the past week, from members of the legal profession, resident in the State of Michi-gan, indorsing the work of the Religious Liberty Association, and expressing sym-pathy with the position taken by the AMERICAN SENTINEL, in reference to leg-islation upon religious questions. A few extracts are quoted below :Š That a sentiment has been, and is, growingŠslowly yet quite well rootedŠin our free America, to connect Church and State in minor matters, cannot longer be denied. This is evidenced by certain acts of the Legislatures of different States, certain bills in the National Congress, and recent decisions of the Judiciary of some States. I am heartily in sym-pathy with the mission of the National Religious Liberty Association, and the SENTINEL. We know of no other America to which we may migrate, to escape this evil, and we have only to submit, or meet it and if possible, crush it while in embryo. I have noted the tendency of our Government toward paternalism, centralization, and the union of Church and Stater  during the past few years. . . . Every right minded man will welcome the AMERICAN SENTINEL, as a champion of the rights of free men. . . . And it seems to me that lawyers, generally, will be found in line with the principles it advocates. I most earnestly commend the mission which you and your paper have undertaken and very ably ad-vocate, and I most unqualifiedly approve of the principles of religious liberty which you defend, and without which civil liberty cannot long remain. To me, it seems marvelous, that in this enlightened country which has for a century boasted of its civil and religious freedom as basic principles of its Gov-ernment, there should seem to be any occasion to defend them, or to endeavor to convince any, of the dangers which must result from any interference by the Government, with religious matterŠexcept to protect every citizen in the full enjoyment of his opinions relating thereto, and in all such religious observances as any may see fit to adopt, which do not interfere with the like enjoyment by others of their rights. But strange, as it seems to those who stand free from the bigotry and superstition of the past ages, there does appear to be a necessity that such papers as the SENTINEL shall exist, and that active and energetic measures should be adopted to counteract the efforts to place our country under the rule of ecclesiasticism, which all history has proven to be the most cruel and relentless despotism theworld has e'er known. Yours of March 21 received this morning, and in reply will -say; that I fully believe in the principles of your Association, and believe absolutely in the sentiment, as expressed in the SENTINEL, against any union whatever of Church and State. Every phase of such a condition of things, will always meet my most decided disapproval. I do not approve of Senator Blair's bill, nor his views; but I never knew of any nation suffering from too much religionŠif genuine ; nor did I ever read of any people too well educated, or too highly' cultivated. But these are matters which do not come by legislation I have not only received, but read with much interest, the matter sent me. It meets my views exactly. No meddling with the Constitution. It is as it should be, as the fathers left it; and to him or them who would change it to favor any sect or society, I say " hands off !" I like the tone of the SENTINEL. It is engaged in a good work. We can assure you, that the members of this firm are each fully in accord with the sentiments -of the SENTINEL, so far as its advocacy of perfect religious liberty and absolute independence of Church and State is concerned. I like the tone and sentiments of the SENTINEL and Association, inasmuch as I am for religious liberty pure and simple as guaranteed by the Con-stitution. I heartily indorse the principles and mission of the SENTINEL, having been a subscriber for the same for some time past. . . . I wish there was a branch of the Religious Liberty Association organ-ized in every city, village, and hamlet, in the United States, and that the SENTINEL could be read by every family in the land. Hoping you will succeed in this good work, I remain, Yours for the Right. As was to be expected, Senator Blair disapproves the Wisconsin decision. President. Secretary. C. ELDRIDGE,  W. H. McKEE, 