690 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł transgressor not to curtail his power, not to put him under bonds or behind bars, but in the opposite direc-tion. It is a law of liberty. Human law contends against crime, and operates _by shutting up the criminal; the divine law contends against sin, and operates by liberating the sinner. And under the present order of things, and so long as Jesus Christ remains the Saviour of sinners, the law of God is designed to operate only in this way. When finally that law takes effect upon the transgressor, merely as a law of condemnation, it will put him forever out of existence. Is it not evident, then, that these two laws are alto-gether different in natureŠdifferent in their aims, in their operation, and in the spheres to which they belong? Is it not evident that these two systems will not blend into one, and that no human power can operate them both? This being evident, as it must be, what only could be the outcome of an effort to incorporate the Bible into the civil law of the land, and so place "all Christian in-stitutions, usages, and customs on an undeniable legal basis" in that law? This is what the National Reform party and its numerous and powerful allies are now aim-ing to do, and hope to do by their proposed "Christian Amendment" to the Constitution. Can anything else than a complete miscarriage of justice result from the attempt to blend two systems of law so essentially different in character? and must not the same result ensue from any act which embodies the principle of this unnatural and really impossible union? This is why the SENTINEL stands opposed to every scheme which would make religion or a religious insti-tution a subject of civil legislation. Let the Lord Decide It. IN the correspondence columns of The Defender, organ of the New England Sabbath Protective League, we note this from a friend of that j ournal:Š "My heart weeps in agony of spirit many, many times, and groans with anguish, it seems to me like as Jesus felt. The time is short and the work is great. 0 Lord! fight thou by thy mighty Spirit working in the hearts of the people. Make them to see, hear and under-stand thy Word and then repent and obey, for thy name's sake and thine own honor and glory." We are glad to find in The Defender that to which we can heartily say, Amen! as we do to this. Here is a word from someone who is genuinely and deeply dis-tressed at the sight of the immorality and wickedness that is evident on all sides, which is a feeling that does him honor, no matter if some of it is caused by what he sees of the desecration of Sunday. He honestly believes Sunday to be a sacred day and its desecration a sin, and we have no fault to find with a man for beinghonest  in anything, And he prays that God may counteract the abounding wickedness by his "mighty Spirit work-ing in the hearts of the people." This is the right kind of prayer, and addressed to the right place. Friends, address your prayers to God and not to the legislatures. God is not dead. He has vastly more power than have the legislatures, and is much more likely to bear than they are; indeed, he is certain to hear every prayer made according.to his will. And his will is plainly stated in his Word. Why not let this Sunday issue be decided by an ap-peal to God, to whom the Sabbath day belongs? Let him settle it by working through his Spirit upon the-people. The SENTINEL is in full sympathy with every prayer addressed to him to this effect. Sabbath Keeping and Moral Courage. "A DAY of rest and worship," says the Ram's Horny "has always been conceded not as a privilege, but as a right, to be enjoyed by every individual. But the time has come when it takes moral courage to insist upon this right for one's self, and to secure it for others." Yes; it does require moral courage to exercise the right to Sabbath rest these days; but it has always required moral courage to obey a command of the Lord, in the face of the opposition of the vast confederacy of evil that is against God. But God supplies every be-liever in his Word with moral courageŠcourage not only to keep the Sabbath, but to go to the stake, if need be. And this is why Sabbath keeping does not need to be made a matter of legislation. All anybody needs to enable him to secure his right to Sabbath observanceŠto his rest on the seventh dayŠis simple belief in the Word of the Lord; in other words, faith. No human law is needed in the matter, save such as will prevent his being molested in the enjoyment of his right. When Sabbath observance is made a subject of legislation, it is taken out of the domain of faith, of conscience and moral courage, where it belongs, and transferred to the domain of forced action, where it does not belong at all. Clinging to Intolerance. SPAIN appears to have learned little if anything from her late overthrow, as to the real causes of her weakness. She clings fatuously to the old church-and-state regime by which liberty has so long been repressed and manhood dwarfed within her territory. In her im-paired vision the cause of her trouble takes on the ap-pearance of the needed remedy, and seems likely to lead its victim on from bad to worse. We are told by the Paris Journal des Debats, speaking of the situation in Spain, that "The church, therefore, makes the following cardinal demands: Complete independence of ecclesias- 