11-*OLUME 5 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 6, 1890. NUMBER 44. fill iiljl~l: '14 . . _ Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. 4111111(", ettican Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC: PRESS PUBLISHING' , . No. 48 BOND ST., NEW'YORK. Etitered at 1.te New York Post Office as Second.Class Matter. EriTTOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, . .5134LKAN; W. H. Mc SEE. OltA-ETg argues that California should hate a Sunday law because "in its capital' city there are only five or six Churches; mOstly, small.".: Just so; we haVe repeatedly said that the real purpose of the'cleniand for Sunday laws is to bene-fit Ahe eliurches, and we are glad of an-other virtual admission of the fact by one wVO, is in a Position to know just how it is. :" MERE education," says the New York 0hristian, AdOocate, of October 23, " will not raale.a man either moral or religious. Burchall,- just found guilty 'of murder, a ,few days i after the body of-his victim was fOund, applied for a school, in which he said; ' rahn twenty-mine years of age, and was educated at Oxford University, Eng-land, where: I took a high position in mathematics, Eiiglish subjects, and nat-ural science. I am, a good classical and French seholar, and passed high examin-ations in Holy Scripture.' This is all true, and yet there is no doubt of his having committed a most cold-blooded, cunningly conceived murder for money." `A PRESBYTERIAN lady, of Indianapolis, writes to a friend in California, as fol- lows :Š Look at the Sunday question. Why 1 I think the Ministers are now more interested in looking out for,its "proper observance" than in preaching the gospel. Indianapolis is all aflame, beeauSe the street-cars rnn to the suburban resorts, the ministers all meet-ing and resolving, and organizing, through the hot weather, except one. He and his wife, who could sing,'and play the organ, went out to one of these resorts in a little spring wagon, used it for a  pulpit, and preached to the people, and had a quiet respectful audience. Now why can not the others do the same thing,Šgo where the poor and the vicious are, and teach them the divine, law, and stop clamoring for human laws to compel them to come to the churches ? Certainly, why can they not ? It is be- cause they are possessed with the idea of " Nationalism" in religion. This " Chris-tian Nation " having become an account-able being, all individual responsibility is to be shouldered upon its " moral person." The Secular Theory of Government. THE American or secular theory of gov-ernment does not mean the un-Christian, theory; but rather the contrary. The sec-ular theory is the true Christian theory ; for the first promulgator of the theory known to the world, was Christ himself, the founder of Christianity. Bancroft, speak-ing of the adoption of these principles by our early statesmen, says: "The new Nation dared to, set the example of accept-ing in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea." He says, too, that it was "not from indiffer-ence, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom, and purity, and power."* And through all the ages since Christ there have' been here and there Christian menŠcaring more for truth than for worldly gain, caring more for the purity of Christianity than for worldly powerŠwho have nobly upheld the principles first enunciated by their Master. Even in our own short history, the sec-ular theory of government has received some of its strongest, support from Chris-tian ministers and laymen in the various denominations of America. In our earlier history Roger Williams nobly espoused the theory, for which, among other things, he was compelled to flee to the' Indians for refUge in mid-winter. " He fearlessly asserted that compulsory worship of God was an abomination; that, where the spirit was not a willing one, worship compelled 4'"Hiaory of the nirmation Of the Constitution," v, 1, was an offense to the Deity. . . . The civil magistrate," he says, "may not inter-meddle even to stop a church from apos-tasy and heresy; . . . his power extends only to the bodies and goods and outward estate of men." * He said boldly that "it is the will and command of God that . . . a permission of the most paganish, Turkish, or anti-Christian consciences and worships to be granted to all men, in all nations and countries ; and they are only to be fought against with that sword which is, in soul matters, able to conquer, to wit, the sword of God's Spirit, the word of God." f In his controversy with Colton he said : " For me I must profess, while heaven and earth lasts, that no one tenet that either London, England, or the world doth harbor, is so heretical, blasphemous, seditious, and dan-gerous to the corporal, to the spiritual, to the present, to the eternal good of men, as the bloody tenet . . . of persecution for the cause of conscience." He maintained that it is " a monstrous paradox that God's children should persecute God's children." § And again: "Persecutors of men's bodies, seldom or never do these men's souls good." II Mr. Eben Greenough Scott says that "no man has ever had a clearer view of the true relations existing between the civil and ecclesiastical powers." A century and a half later, when the theory was struggling for the supremacy, and Jefferson and Madison were putting forth their energies in its behalf in Vir-ginia, Rev. Isaac Backus and other min-isters were engaged in a like work in Massachusetts. Ministers both North and South, some of them in the State Conven-tions on the adoption of the Federal Con-stitution, used their voices and influence in favor of the secular principles of our national Constitution. In Massachusetts, one of the States where this theory was the most unpopular, several ministers espoused its cause. Some of the speeches delivered and the principles Seat's "Development of Constitutional Liberty," 118. t Quoted in Tyler, 1, 254. From "Bloody Tenet yet more Bloody," etc. Publications of the Narragansett Ristorical Society, 319, _Mid, 327, 358, 