A_MnictitCAN gViNrrINV111_-,. VoL. 9, loo. 39. gious observances or religious ,obligation of any kind, can ever consistently object to the claim of the infallibility of the pope of Rome, or laugh at the absurd concep-tion of the source from which that infalli-bility comes to him, laughable as it un-doubtedly is; because every such legislator and every such judge has in such action made the precise claim and has acted upon the very principle that the pope of Rome makes and acts upon in his infallibility." THE absurdity, and much more than thisŠthe dangerŠof this evil principle was clearly seen by the men who made the Government of the United States, and was specially guarded against by them in the total separation of religion and the State and the absolute prohibition of any State official from touching in his official capacity any question of religion in any way. This is why they observed, and so pointedly, that "it is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of prefer-ence among the various sects which pro-fess the Christian faith without *erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the church of Rome." And this- 1. Because we hold it for a fundamental and unde-niable truth " that religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence." The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an un-alienable right. It is unalienable, because the opinions of men, depending only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other Men. It is unalienable, also, becauSe what is here a right towards men is h duty towards the Creator. It is the duty of every man to render to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes acceptable to him. This duty is precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. Before any man can be considered a member of civil society, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe: and if a member of civil society who enters into any subordinate associa-tion must always do it with a reservation of his duty to the general authority, much more must every man who becomes a member of any paWicular civil society do it with a saving of his allegiance to the universal Sovereign. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance. 2. Because, if religion be exempt from the authority of society at large still less can it be subject to that of the legislative body. The latter are but the creatures and vicegerents of the former. Their jurisdiction is both derivative And limited. It is limited with regard to the co-ordinate departments: more necessarily is it limited with regard to the constituents. The preserva-tion of a free government requires not merely that the metes and bounds which separate each department of power be invariably maintained, but more especially that neither of them be suffered to overleap the great barrier which defends the rights of the people. The rulers who are guilty of such an encroachment exceed the commission from which they derive their author-ity, and are tyrants. The people who submit to it are governed by laWs made neither by themselves nor by any authority derived from them, and are slaves. And because they were " well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord of both body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do; that the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who being themselves but fallible and unin-spired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such en-deavoring to impose them on others, hath  established and maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world and through all time;" and "that to suffer the civil magistrate to intrude his powers into the field of opinion, is a dangerous fallacy which at once destroys all religious liberty." SUCH are the noble and weighty words of Madison and Jefferson as they con-ducted the campaigns that established the principle of the total separation of Church and State in this country, and for the enlightenment of all countries. And these words clearly show that they well under-stood both 'the fallacy and the danger of the prerogative of "infallibility." They saw readily enough that all the authority that any man ever could have over another in matters of religion could only be by sheer usurpation, and contained in itself all the elements of the papacy, even to the extreme element of infallibility. And knowing both the fallacy and the tyranny of the principle, they exposed it as it deserved, and repudiated it, and, as they hoped, delivered the people of this nation from it forever, by fixing in the supreme law the absolute prohibition of the governmental power from ever touch-ing any question of religion in any way. This they did that the people of this splendid nation Š the last, the greatest, and the bestŠmight be forever free from anybody here ever " erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the church of Rome." LET no one jump to the conclusion that the foregoing argument applies with equal force against civil authority " because no legislator, or judge, or other civil official can exercise even civil authority until he has been duly installed in office and occu-pies his official place." For although it is true that no man can exercise the au-thority of legislator, or judge, or other civil office, even after he has been elected, until he has. been duly installed in the office, and only then when he acts from the official seat or place; yet it is equally true that when he does so act, he exercises only the authority and prerogative that from the beginning were in himself as a man and a citizen, and that were also in all his fellow-men and fellow-citizens. All the legitimate authority that he exer-cises in office, except in the degree of it, was inherent in himself, and in all con-cerned, simply as men and citizens. Every person, merely as a man in the world, has within himself full right, authority, and prerogative to act, even to the use of force, to protect from violence the life, person, or property of himself or any of his fellow-men. For instance, any man who sees another setting fire to his property or the property of his neighbor, has full and inherent right, even to the application of force, to prevent that man from accom-plishing his purpose. It is equally so in the event of any other threatened danger to the life, property, or person of himself or any other man. WITHOUT organization, however, that is, without government, it would devolve upon each individual, of himself and for himself, to exercise this authority, and would lead to every man's hand being against his neighbor. Therefore, in order that this inherent right and authority of every man may be the better exercised in behalf of all, men enter into organization and establish an order of government for  this very purpose, and such an order of government as to them seems best calcu-lated to accomplish this purpose. This is the origin and object of civil government. THIS organization having been formed, each man is now a citizen as well as a man ; and all this right, authority, and prerogative, that inhered in him as a man, still are inherent in him as a citizenŠthe only change that is undergone is in the manner of the exercise of these inherent qualities. That is to say: As the object of the organization that has been created is to relieve the individual from the per-sonal exercise of this authority, the more fully to secure all in the unmolested en-joyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, each one now by vote dele-gates to one of their number the exercise of his authority in this matter to be exercised by the chosen one as the repre-sentative of all. And he who is thus chosen acts with the duly delegated au-thority of all. And in all this he acts with no authority, neither does he exercise any prerogative, that he did not in himself possess beforeŠexcept in degree. Whereas before the organization he must of neces-sity act for himself and from himself alone, now he acts for himself and for hundreds or thousands of others who, equally with himself, possessed this au-thority in himself : now he acts from the delegated authority of all these, who by vote have duly clothed him with the right and power to exercise for them the au-thority which inhered in them as individ-ual men. AND although when elected he cannot exercise this delegated authority until he has been duly installed in office, this is not because he derives any additional authority, prerogative, or characteristic, from the seat or official position itself ; but because that, as his fellow-citizens have signified their confidence in him for the exercise of the authority which they have delegated to him, it is necessary and but proper that he should respond by submitting to the forms that have been established, and pledge himself to his fellow-citizens for the faithful exercise of the authority which they have delegated to him. The oath or affirmation of office, and whatever other ceremonies or pledges required in the installation in ( ffice of the elected one, are but the response of mutual obligation on his part to the delegation of authority on the part of the electors; and are not in any sense used with any idea that from these ceremonies or from the office itself he derives any additional dig-nity, authority, or prerogative whatever. So in no instance does any legislator, or judge, or other civil officer, acting in civil things, ever act with any authority or exercise any prerogative which he in him-self did not possess, or that those who voted for him did not in themselves pos-sess before he was elected; or which they did not have full right and power to dele-gate to him to be exercised in their behalf and for the better service of all concerned. NOT so however is it in matters of reli-gion. That pertains to man's duty or relationship to God. These come not from himself. They are laid upon hfm by the Lord ; and are therefore incapable of being delegated, incapable of being exercised by any one in behalf of another. And as the exercise of these powers, the performance of these duties, and the fulfillment of these 