a corporate body, or having a headship in a mon-arch or a state. " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its rela-tions to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea. It left the management of tem-poral things to the temporal power; but the Am r-ican Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal Gov-ernment the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infi-nite spirit of eternal truths might move in its free-dom and purity and power."ŠHistory of the For-mation of the ConstitutionŠLast Chapter. Thus the Constitution of the United States, as it stands, is the sole monument of all history re-presenting the principle that Christ established for earthly government. And under it, in lib-erty, civil and religious, in enlightment, and in progress, this nation has deservedly stood as the beacon light to all other nations for a hundred years. Whoever, therefore, attempts to amend that Constitution so as to connect it in any way with any religion, not only attempts to subvert the Constitution, but also to subvert the principles es- tablished by our Lord Jesus Christ. A. T. J. A Sign of the Times. THE Christian Statesman of November 29 had an article copied from the Christian Intelligencer, about the amount of business done by photograph-ers on Sunday. Following are a few paragraphs from it, which will serve to show the drift of senti-ment in regard to such labor :Š "It is hardly probable that the Christian people of this city are aware of the extent to which the Sabbath is violated by the photographers. Many of the principal galleries are -filled .with waiting patrons, and their largest business is done on the Sabbath. " The famous galleries, although not exactly open to the public, are ready to make appointments, and prefer that day to execute the pictures of the pop-ular actors, singers, etc. "And most of the small places, after passing a dull week, expect to make up on the Sunday busi-ness enough to give them a profit over the week's expenses, "There is a wholesome law against this transact-ing business on the holy day, but it is not enforced. " A few years ago an attempt was made to close up the violators of the Sabbath, but it was not successful, and several of the prominent men in that effort, seeing no remedy, now keep open, and find their purses better filled, their bank account much larger, and their credit much better with the stock dealer. Now in view of this truthful state-ment, what is the duty of the Christian public in this matter?" The article carries with it its own answer to the last question, that is, from the standpoint of the -Statesman and the Intelligencer. The plainly implied demand is that such busi-ness should be stopped by law. And this indi-cates to what letgths the instigators of the Sunday-law movement will go when they have secured the legislation which they want, and have the power in their hands. It shows ,that a system of espionage will be inaugurated, and that nobody's privacy will be Sacred from the prying intrusion of the minions of such an iniquitous law. There is no business that is conducted with more quietness than the business of photography. Nothing is less calculated to disturb _public wor-ship or private devotion. EVen a monk in his cloister could not be disturbed by the business of a photographer next door, if he were not informed of its proximity. When the photographer may be arrested for quietly conducting his work in an upper room on Sunday, then no person will be exempt. Some 28 THE AMERICAN SEN'ﬁNnte. shall love his neighbor as himself ; thus showing conclusively that the powers that be, though or-dained of God, are so ordained only in things pertaining to the relation of man with his fellow-men, and in those things alone. Further, as in this divine record of the duties that men owe to the powers that be, there is no reference whatever to the first table of the law, it therefore follows, that the powers that be, although ordained of God, have nothing whatever to do with the relations which men bear toward God. As the ten commandments contain the whole duty of man, and as in God's own enumeration of the duties that men owe to the powers that be, there is no mention of any of the things contained in the first table of the law, it follows that none of the duties enjoined in the first table of the law of God, do men owe to the powers that be. That is to say, again, the powers that be, although or-dained of God, are not ordained of God in any-thing pertaining to a single duty enjoined in any one of the first four of the ten commandments. These are duties that men owe to God, and with these the powers that be can of right have noth-ing to do, because Christ has commanded to ren-der unto GodŠnot to Casar, nor by CaesarŠthat which is God's. Let us look a moment at this question from a common sense point of view; of course, all we are saying is common sense, but let us have this additional :Š " When societies are lormed, each individual surrenders certain rights, and as an equivalent for that surrender, has secured to him the en-joynaent of certain others appertaining to his per-son and property, without the protection of which society cannot exist." I have the right to protect my person and property against all corners. Every other person has the same right, but if this right is to be per-sonally exercised in all cases by every one, then in the present condition of human nature, every man's hand will be against his neighbor. That is simply anarchy, and in such a condition of af-fairs society cannot exist. Now suppose a hun-dred of us are thrown together in a certain place where there is no established order, each one has all the rights of every other one. But if each one a individually to exercise these rights of self-pro-tection, he has only the assurance of that degree of protection which he alone can furnish to him-self, which we have seen is exceedingly slight. Therefore we all come together, and each surren-ders to the whole body that individual right; and in return for this surrender he receives the power of all for his protection. He therefore re-ceives the help of the other ninety-nine to protect himself from the invasion of his rights, and he is thus made one hundred times more secure in his right of person and property than he is without this surrender. But what condition of things can ever be con-ceived of among men that would justify any man in surrendering his right to believe? What could he receive as an equivalent? When he has sur-rended his right to believe, he has virtually sur-rendered his right to think. When he surren-ders his right to believe, he surrenders everything, and it is impossible for him ever to receive an equivalent ; he has surrendered = ,his very soul. Eternal life depends upon believing on the Lord Jesus Christ, And the man %V1to surrenders his right to Weve, surreuders/ettml life. Says the scripture, f'With the tainA, I serve the law of God," A owl who surrenders his right to be- lieve, surrenders God. Consequently no man, no association, or organization of men, can ever rightly ask of any man a surrender of his right to believe. Every man has the right, so far as organizations of men are concerned, to believe as he pleases; and that right, so long as he is a Prot-estant, so long as he is a Christian, yes, so long as he is a man, he never can surrender, and he never will. The United States is the first and only Govern-ment in history that is based on the principle es-tablished by Christ. In article VI. of the Na-tional Constitution, this nation says, that "No re-religious test shall be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States;" and by an amendment making more cer-tain the adoption of the principle, it declares "Congress shall make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, nor prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This first amendment was adopted in 1789, by the first Congress that ever met under the Constitution. In 1796 a treaty was made with Tripoli, in which it was declared, Art. II., that "The Government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." This treaty was framed by an ex-Congregationalist clergyman, and was signed by President Washington. It was not out of disrespect to religion or Christianity that these clauses were placed in the Constitution, and that this one was inserted in that treaty; on the con-trary, it was entirely on account of their respect for religion, and the Christian religion in partic-ular, as being beyond the province of civil govern-ment, pertaining solely to the conscience, and rest-ing entirely with the individual and God. It was because of this that this nation was constitu-tionally established, according to the principle of Christ demanding of men only that they render to Caesar that which is Cmsar's, and leaving them entirely free to render to God that which is God's if they choose, as they choose, and when they choose. Or, as expressed by Washington him-self, in reply to an address upon the subject of re-ligious legislation :Š "Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his relig-ious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own con-science." We cannot more fittingly conclude this point than with the following tribute of George Ban-croft to this principle, as embodied in the words of Christ, and in the American Constitution:Š " In the earliest states known to history, gov-ernment and religion were one and indivisible. Each state Rad its special deity, and of these pro-tectors, one after the other might be overthrown in battle, never to rise again. The Peloponnesian war grew out of a strife about an oracle. Rome, as it sometimes adopted into citizenship those whom it vanquished, introduced in like manner, and with good logic for that day, the worship of their gods. No one thought of vindicating religion for the conscience of the individual, till a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity by establishing a pure, spiritual, 4 and universal religion for all mankind, enjoined to render to Ccesar only that which is Caesar's. The rule was upheld during the infancy of the gospel for all men. No sooner was this religion adopted by the chief of the Roman Empire, than it was shorn of its character of universality, and en-thralled by an unholy connection with the unholy state ; and so it continued ti]l the new nature, the least defiled with the barren scoffings of the eigh-teenth century, the most general believers in Chris-tianity of any people of that age, the chief oar of the reformation in its pure forms, when it cam.e to establish a government for the United States, re-fused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by 