92 AMERICAN SENTINEL. naturally be supposed, but by the labor unions who, on behalf of retail clerks, are strenuously suing for a day of rest on Sunday. Already, in consequence of this effort, nearly all of the retail shops have been closed, and so successful has been the effort that an attack has been made against the Sunday drug store. It is possible that Chicago, which has been known far and wide for its open Sunday, may vie with Toronto as the model city of Sabbath observance. THE Ram's Horn, (Chicago), from which we quote,  elsewhere in this issue, says:Š "It will certainly be unwelcome truth to many, as it should be to all, if it can be proved that ourcountry has become the unconscious or the conscious agent for per- of human expectations! The report that the trust ie complete and in good working order is promptly fol-lowed by the  official announcement of an advance in the price of Bibles of the old quality. The way to a knowl-edge of revealed truth is made harder by 15 to 20 per-cent. This is disappointing, but it might be worse. Let us be duly thankful that the trust merely publiShes the Bible and does not, edit and expurgate it to give us a revised trust version of the good book. The command-ments "Thou shalt not steal," "Thou shalt not covet," still hold their places in the table of the Law, and the Golden Rule irradiates the New Testament." Prayer for. Conquest. petuating ecclesiastical tyranny in the Orient. Those No "CHRISTIAN nation" ever acknowledges itself to,  who would be quick to deny this inference, should be in the wrong. It sets apart days of fasting and reflect that the charge is supported by many of our prayer, for seeking the divine aid, not on the ground military commanders who have fought there during the that its attitude in the crisis that has been reached may past year." And in support of these words it adds:Š "Do we take counsel of our fears in writing the above? Let our readers take up once more their daily papers of recent date and they will read an uncensored dispatch from the Philippines to the effect that in the city of Manila a paper established at the instance of President Schurman, of Cornell University, to cause ,a sentiment for American annexation, had been suspendell for this reason: It seems that a fund of money has been raised for charity purposes, and sent over to the priests for distribution. This paper, called The American, criticised the manner in which it had been distributed. The editor was informed that it must retract that article, as no criticism of the church would be permitted. We do not know whether the criticism was just or unjust, but the editor refused to retract, and suspended publica- tion, declaring in good conscience, he could not retract. spectacle of two "Christian nations" fighting each other From which we infer that the old Spanish regulations in South Africa, and each at the same time earnestly concerning free speech and a free press, have been re- established and enforced under our own Government.", invoking the divine assistance to crown the efforts of its armies with victory. They did not ask God to de-termine for them, before the war begun, whether they should fight or not, nor do they now cease fighting to seek for divine enlightenment as to whether the war shall be continued. One of them at leastŠGreat Britain Šis praying for a speedy termination of hostilities,. when it is in her own power to terminate the war at once, by being willing to give up the idea of dominating-a foreign people. But it would be almost "treason" to assert that such a concession is in harmony with the divine mind. We find in the N. Y. Sun, of January 23, the follow-ing pertinent observations upon this subject, under the heading "Fighting and Praying":Š "The Metropolitan, or presiding prelate, of the Can-adian branch of the Church of England has appointed. the second Sunday in February, or February 11, 'as a day of special supplications for the happy ending of the-South African War.' Meantime General Buller is fight-ing to bring it to a conclusion favorable to the British, be a wrong one, nor as implying a willingness to take the opposite attitude should the divine guidance that is, sought point that way; but only to ask for divine as-sistance in executing what it has set out to accomplish and is determined to do if possible. The "Christian nation" treats the deity as an ally, not as a sovereign. If the cause in which the divine aid is invoked does not succeed, it is accepted as a chastisement for past sins, never as an indication that the cause itself did not deserve to succeed. The "humiliation" of the nation,  never reaches the point of an admission of fallibility in judgment and a desire to turn from and make repara-tion for a wrong course of action which it maybe pursu-ing at the time. Just now, as an illustration, we have before us the The Bible Trust. AŁNEw YORK daily says:Š "THE announcement that the Bible publishers of the country had followed the fashion :and formed a trust still left it an open question how the Bible readers would be affected by the change. Mr. Archbold, of the Stand-ard Oil Trust, kindly explained to the public at the Alumni Association dinner of Syracuse University on Friday that trusts are "a necessary evolution of the times," that they reduce cost, improve quality, increase wages, please both the producer and consumer and min-ister to the happiness and prosperity of the country. "Accordingly we had reason to expect, and there were those who hoped against hope, that the Bible Trust would furnish a practical illustration of the benevolent side of this much mooted question. Alas for the vanity 