THE PARLIAMENT OF RELIGIONS. WITH GRATITUDE TO GOD FOR THE BROTHERHOOD OF MAN This work s complete in one large octavo volume, and is a careful compilation of all of the proceedingsŠat once a fascin-ating story and a book of universal value. The book gives the origin of the Parliament of Religions; proceedings of every meeting of the Parliament; speeches delivered and papers read at every session of the noted gathering: the beliefs of the various religious denominations; opinions of eminent divines in regard to the Parliament; influence of the Parliament upon the religious thought of the world. Published by F. T. Neely, Chicago. 1000 pages. Price: Cloth, $2.50. We have made arrangements with the publisher so that we can offer this book to our subscribers, together WITH THE AMERICAN SENTINEL FOR $2.75, only 25 cents more than the price of the book alone. This offer applies to either new subscriptions or to renewals. We will supply this book alone at the regular price, $2.50. This book is not offered because we approve the Parliament of Religions, but because it is a history of one of the most re-markable and significant religious gatherings ever held. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, N. Y. YOUNG PEOPLES' LIBRARY. SERIES I. Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and Šgold.-- Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows:- 1. FIJI AND SAMOA.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. I. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Martyr. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid. for $3.60; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. THE PHILOSOPHY OF THE 'PLAN OF SALVATION By "an American Citizen" Is something that every Christian ought to read. It is a val-uable book, though not entirely free from remarks which indi-cate wrong ideas. But as these occur only incidentally, and are In no sense essential to the author's course of reasoning, they are unimportant. The book can be safely put into the hands of any one, and would-be especially valuable in dealing with the candid skeptic. Nearly 200 pages, Bound in Cloth. ŠPrice 25 cents.Š Address this office. JANUARY 18, 1894. A,IVIMEZICA_N SIE;IV92-411N-FITL.0 Unitarian Church 80,000 African M. E. Zion Church 13,000 Free Will Baptists 149,359 Old Order Brethren (Dunkards) 44.000 Churches of God in Christ Jesus 21,500 Regular Baptists (North)    2, 543, 888 Primitive Baptists 88, 090 Old Two Seed Baptists 400 United Brethren in Christ  1,198,870 United Brethren in Christ (Old Const.)  237,940 Plymouth Brethren III 100 Christian Scientists 14,000 Independent Congregations 22,800 Total $41,993,257 Of the sum total of this property and its exemption from its just share of taxation, the Kansas City American says :Š What an enormous sum! How many laborers would have to bunch their property to equal that figure if each one was worth $2, 000 ? You will be surprised at the number. We find it would equal the holdings of 20,997 laboring men. Think of it! Nearly 21,000. If each State equalled the Ohio record there would be nearly $2,000,000,000 worth of untaxed Church property in the United States, which would equal the holdings of more than 1,000,000 laboring men; of more than 500,000 merchants or of more than 1,000,000 farmers. While some of the States are not so unfortunate, some of them are even worse off, and from the above figures we believe the people will soon have to cast about for a remedy, or awaken some day and find the country in the same condition Eng-land was at one time, in the seine predicament that Mexico and France were, and in the same position every country has found itself which has granted Church property immunity from taxation. In such countries the Church grew richer and the people poorer until the government found it necessary to confiscate the holdings of the church in order to perpetuate or lengthen its own existence. True the trouble in those countries was due to the insatiable greed of the Roman Catholic Church; and you may say there is no immediate danger from that church in this country. . Ł . Let us review the table published in the Allied American. We find there are seventy-six denominations in the State of Ohio holding $41,993,257 worth of property, and that the Roman Catholic Church holds more than one-sixth of the whole amount. In other words, the Roman Catholic Church holds $7,395,640 or more than the Immanuel Synod (Lutheran), the Presbyterian Church (in all its branches), the Salvation Army, the Seventh-day Baptists, the Norwegian Evangelical Lu-theran, the Orthodox Jewish, the Primitive Methodist, the Reformed Jewish, the Christian Scientists, the German Augsburg Synod (Lutheran), and the Spirit-ualistsŠmore than all these combined. The Roman Church owns more property than the Wesleyan Methodist, the Reformed Episcopal, the Congrega-tional Churches, the Protestant Episcopal, the Meth-odist Protestant, the Free Methodist, the A. M. E. Zion, the Free Will Baptists, the Regular Baptist (North), the Society of Shakers, the Society of Separa-tists, and the Reformed Church in America. In fact, the Roman Church has more property in Ohio than sixty-four of the seventy-five denominations reported. The holdings of these sixty-four denominations only aggregate $6,837,280, while the total holdings of the Church of Rome reach the enormous figure of $7,395,-640. Of the ten remaining denominations the Church of Rome is possessed of more property than one-half of them combined. To be plain, the Church of Rome owns $7,395,640 worth of property and five of the re-maining denominations own but $6,497,817 worth. She has more than three of the five remaining denom-inations and $138,480 worth more than one-half of the combined holdings of the remaining two denomina tions, and excelled by but one. In the face of these figures what sane man will con-tend that there is no danger to the country if the hoarding of the Roman Catholic Church is allowed' to go on unchecked ; in fact, if we continue to pay her a premium to accumulate and hold vast and valuable tracts of land ? The weaker denominations will not object to their property being assessed, but Rome will fight for immunity from taxation to the end. She will resort to anything in order to defeat men who may be nominated for office who favor the taxation of Church property. . Ł . A few years more of crafty scheming by the Church of Rome, a few years of inactivity by Protestants, and the liberties which they pretend to prize so highly will be a mere faint recollection. Liberty will be defined obedience; religious toleration will be measured by the Inquisition ; and free speech will mean " that which the church authorizes." Would this suit you ?ŠIt would not. Then your duty is plain. Take care of your birthright. But will the American people heed the warning ? Will they take care of their birthright ? Will they ? The evil complained of is a gigantic  one; but is Rome alone at fault ? How about the larger amount of untaxed prop-erty held by the Methodist Episcopal Church ? And why is nothing said about that immense sum ? If, as is intimated by the American, the willingness to pay taxes decreases in direct ratio to the in-crease of the value of the exempt holdings, the Methodists must be more unwilling to pay their just share of the taxes than are the Catholics. And if the evil, as is also intimated, is proportional to the value of the exempted property, is not the Method-ist Episcopal Church in Ohio, the greater sinner ? But we do not think that the evil is to be determined in any such way. The principle is wrong. One of the de-nominations named has officially admitted this, namely, the Seventh-day Adventists; and at their General Conference, in Battle Creek, Mich., last March, they passed a res-olution declaring in favor of the taxation of Church property, and expressing their willingness to bear their just proportion of the burden of supporting civil institu-tions. Will the Methodists be as truly Protestant ? Some Pertinent Questions, THE New York Voice, very religious, and fanatically prohibitive, is nevertheless in some degree amenable to reason and in a measure susceptible to the promptings of the spirit of justice. Referring to the persecution of the Adventists in Maryland and other Southern States, it says: These people are, we assume, sincere in there reli-gious beliefs, and they are said to be unusually orderly and law-abiding. It is a serious question whether the Sunday law should not be flexible enough to grant such men, who conscientiously observe another day as the Sabbath, the right to engage in work in their own fields, where they disturb the religious devotion of nobody else. It is a serious question indeed, but we wish to ask Rev. Mr. Funk whether those only who believe in some holy day have any rights on Sunday? If the Free-thinker who engages in work in his own fields, where he " disturbs the religious devotion of nobody else," is to be fined or imprisoned, while for the Adventist, who takes Saturday for his holy day, the law is to be made " flexible enough " to se-cure him immunity if he works on Sun-day, what becomes of the equality of citizens before the law ? What becomes of religious liberty when one man's belief gives him opportunities which the lack of that belief denies to his neighbor ? What has belief to do with work or play on Saturday, or Sunday, or Monday, ex-cept in so far as the individual has scruples which impel him to voluntarily abstain from either or both ? What con-stitutional right has law to make any inquiry regarding the religious belief of the American citizen? Will Mr. Funk answer these questions ? One thing, at least, he should tell his readers, and that is that the Adventists have never asked for the suspension of the Sunday laws for their benefit because they keep Saturday. They demand their unconditional repeal as being not only unjust but a factor of Church and State union, and therefore unconstitutional.ŠTruth Seeker. Ł O PRISON LIGHT PRISON n agents e cvtiervyewhere. Good pay. 15c. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free' MYERS, PRISON LIGHT, Newfane, Vt. 10,000 Names and Addresses for $1.00. P. L. CRAVES, Camans Well, Va. 