316 A.MMELICA.N SIMNrEINMILA VoL. 11, No. 40. doing or forbearing to do that act trenches on the equal rights of others. This rule would (1) abrogate all civil laws requiring the observance of Sunday or of any other day; and (2) it would leave the courts free, not to judge men's consciences, but to protect all men against wrong in the name of conscience. But this is only saying in other words that which we have said many times before, namely, that civil governments are instituted not to create or to " grant" rights, but to guarantee the free and untrammeled exercise of equal, natural, God-given, inalienable rights, and that of these the highest and most sacred is perfect freedom in matters of religious belief and practice. troubleth Israel ?" has been repeated in vari-ous forms in every coufitry and in every age from that time until the present. When Daniel was accused to the king be-cause he prayed three times a day contrary to a royal mandate, the accusation was in these words: " Daniel, which is of the chil-dren of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, 0 king, nor the decree that thou hast signed." His violation of the law of the realm was held to be subversive of social order, and his example to be pernicious in the extreme. The Son of God was accused " as one that perverteth the people," and the prevailing argument:with Pilate for his condemnation  because their craft was endangered by the preaching of the apostles. Nor were their fears groundless. The danger which they saw threatening their business really existed; so close was the relation between the prevail-ing faith and the social and commercial cus-toms of the people. Thus they plausibly argued that there existed a substantial civil basis for the legal prohibition of the preach-ing of the doctrine of Christ. In our own day similar arguments are urged in justification of intolerance. As shown by one of our illustrations and the accompanying quotation from Mr. Botkine, Russia affords an excellent example of practical applica-tion of the logic of intolerance; and even ENFORCING " LAW " IN RUSSIAŠStundists and Jews Exiled to Siberia as Enemies of the Empire. "The Orthodox Church is the State Church in Russia; and . . . the strength and might of the empire . . . depend to a great degree upon the faith of the people in its  doctrines and discipline. . . . It is therefore natural that our government cherishes and supports the Orthodox religion, and tries to prevent the members of that church or their children from going off into other communions."ŠPierre Botkine, Secretary of the Russian Legation at Washington, 1893. CIVIL BASIS OF RELIGIOUS LAWS. As is so forcibly shown by the accompany-ing illustrations, modern dissenters from the prevailing religious faith and practice of the people, whether in Russia, or in our own country, are not punished ostensibly for their faith, but as violators of civil law and enemies of stable government. Nor is this peculiar to modern times. "Her-etics" have ever been stigmatized as enemies of the State, subverters of social order, and disturbers of the public peace. Ahab's wicked accusation, contained in the question to Elijah: " Art thou he that  was, " If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Ccesar." Religious bigotry simply invoked against Christ the penalties of the civil law. He suffered ostensi-bly, not as a heretic, not as a defamer of re-ligion, but as an enemy of the State. The apostles were also accused of being disturbers of the peace. At Thessalonica the cry was, " These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also; whom Jason hath received; and these all do con-trary to the decrees of Cmsar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus." And at Ephesus, the silversmiths raised a tumult  in our own country the attempt has been made to justify various measures of reli-gious legislation and the enforcement of religious laws, on the-  ground that the sta-bility of our institutions and even of the Government itself depends upon the main- tenance of our religion. This is espe- cially true of Sunday laws. In a tract, "The American Sabbath," published by the Pres- byterian Board of Publication, Rev. Robert Patterson, D. D., says of Sunday :Š It is the right of the State to protect by law such a fundamental support of government. This attack on the sabbath is treason against the very foundation of government. As such, let it be resisted by every 