72 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 'SPAIN lost 80,000 soldiers in Cuba during the last few years of her attempt to govern the island. Most of this number died from disease. This statement is pub-lished in Madrid, and is a good one for American expan-sionists to keep in mind. THE pope has been formally invited by the czar to send a representative to the latter's peace congress. If the pope reconsiders his refusal to participate in a con-gress containing a representative of the Italian govern-ment, the way will be open for the United States 'to be represented at the congress by Archbishop Ireland, as planned at Washington. PRESS dispatches from London state that a ritual-istic dissension has arisen in the Church of England, and that the controversy, which relates to confessionals and "high ceremonies," has become very bitter. The Queen, who is greatly disturbed over the matter, has directed Lord Salisbury to effect a thorough understanding be-tween the government and the bishops before attempt-ing any legislation affecting the church. The crusade against "high church" practices, it is added, is assuming a decidedly political aspect. * * RECENTLY a Chicago clergyman wrote one thousand letters to as many representative men in various quar-ters, asking why so many men are absent from church. Samples of the replies received are: "I can worship alone." "Can be better entertained elsewhere." "No confidence in the churches." "I do not need the church, and I guess it does not need me." "The church is a hospital, and I am not sick." "Indifference." "Lack of religious feel-ing." * THESE can be all summed up in two reasons: first, the churches are preaching politics and giving lectures instead of preaching the gospel; and second, "The carnal heart is enmity against God," so that men naturally prefer some place of amusement or of the pursuit of wealth, to the house of God. The church lacks power, as she is confessing by seeking for power through an al-liance with the state. Men are always attracted by ex- hibitions of power, and if the church of to-day had the power that was with the early church after Pentecost, there would be no trouble about getting congregations. And that power was a power which drove out hypocrites so that of these the record-  is that "no man durst join himself to them;" but "believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women." Acts 5: 13, 14. There is no mystery about the modern phenom-enon of empty churches. The church has only to turn to the inspired Word to learn perfectly the cause of the dif-ficulty, and the remedy as well. * THE representative of the Philippine government in this country, Agoncillo, has addressed a letter to the Secretary of State calling attention to existing condi-tions which indicate hostility on the part of the United States towards his government, and asking for explana-tions and an assurance that the United States does not contemplate an attack upon it. The letter closes with the words: "I consider it my imperative duty to call your attention to these disturbing conditions [at Man-ila], to the end that I may receive such assurances as will satisfy my government that it is not the intention of America to make war upon the new republic of Asia, and which will explain to it the reason why large armies,  and navies should be dispatched to the Philippine Islands and which will relieve my countrymen of the fear that now possesses them that their liberties are in danger at the hands of the ,republic whose name we have always associated with freedom, and to which we first come for recognition." "Tan Filipinos cannot govern themselves," say the imperialists. Perhaps they cannot, but they have the right to try it, and they might come as near it as is done by some nations calling themselves civilized. It would be interesting to know how the criminal statistics in the Philippines compare with those in the country that wants to govern them. How many murders occur in the islands in a year? In the United States the yearly aver_ age is about 10,004. How many of the Filipinos com-mit suicide in a year? There were 6,600 suicides in the United States in 1897. How many persons were lynched in the Philippines last year? In this country the num-ber was 122. In 1897 the sum of $11,248,084 was lost in the United States by embezzlement, forgery, and de-falcation; the Filipinos, it is safe to say, know little about such species of industry. Probably they are not as much addicted to the use of intoxicants as are the people in many sections of this country. And while these ,figures apply to the United States as a whole, there are sections of it where the showing would be very much worse; yet it is never suggested of the people in any part of this country that they are not able to govern themselves. 