1  H1 AMERICAN 8E1\1111\1141i. 307 over, it has been tried again and again, tried with the same glowing anticipations of a glorious result. All these religious mo-tives and feelings were appealed to, to se-cure the election of the so-called " servants of Christ true and tried." These things were all discussed publicly and everywhere, Šdiscussed till the discussion was parodied in the pagan theatres, and the emperor's statues in the public squares were broken down in the heat of the conflict that en-sued from this Christian (?) discussion, Šdiscussed till, says the historian, " if you enquire the price of bread in a bake shop you are told, ' The Son is subordinate to the Father.' Ask if the bath is ready, and you are told, ' The Son arose out of nothing.' "ŠStanley. What was the result of all this ? Instead of ushering in the peaceful reign of Jesus and his saints, it ushered in the reign of the popes. Instead of introducing an era of quickened consciences, and universal enlightenment, it introduced the Dark Ages of ignorance and spiritual death. It would do the same again. These theocratic enthusiasts do not expect Jesus to come and reign in person. They assume to themselves the title of " his saints," and ' their narrow creed, they dignify with the sounding title of Jesus' law. Give them their way, and it would be they, and not Jesus, who would reign. The difference is immense. When Cromwell sought to disband the Parliament, that he might elect a new one more favorable to his schemes of theocratic usurpation, he called a council of the offi-cers of the army. The council was divided. General Harrison assured them that by dissolving the Parliament, Cromwell only sought to make way for the reign of "Jesus and the saints." Major Streater allud- ing to Cromwell's ambitions, briskly re-plied: `Jesus ought then to come very quickly, for if he delays it till after Christ-mas he will come too late, and will find his place occupied.' "ŠHume. Shortly after, Cromwell in person with his army to support him, dissolved this Parliament, and then another was elected composed of "the saints." The leader was called " Praise God Barebones," and from him, the Parliament was called "Barebones Parliament." Says the his-torian : " Though the English nation be naturally candid and sincere hypocrisy prevailed then among them beyond any example in ancient or modern times."ŠHume. All their iniquity was checked and sanctified by prayer and fasting. Soon, however, the spirit that was guiding them all, failed to guide the Parliament and Cromwell in the same direction; so Crom-well sent a detachment of the army under Gen. Harrison to dissolve that Parliament. Coming to the House of Parliament, Harrison entered, and asked them what they were doing there. They replied, "We are seeking the Lord." Then, said the General, " You may go elsewhere, for to my certain knowledge, he has not been here these many years." This all is but a faint picture of what will be again when the National Reformers seek to usher in the reign of Jesus and his saints. It would be far more modest for them to leave that herculean task to Jesus himself, who will certainly accomplish it in due time. The third reason given by Mr. Foster for dissenting, is this, " The Bible is not recognized as the foundation of all law." Suppose we recognize the Bible as such, and make that recognition practical. It  would do away with all evil legislatures, and place the clergy of the country in their place to interpret the divine law in har-mony with their varied creeds. The ex-ecutive officers would then be but the official enforcers of the clerical will. How long would it be before ecclesiastical courts and synods, would, as in olden time, try cases for heresy, and then turn them over to the civil (?) power for punishment. The theocratic schemes of these self-styled re-formers, have in them that which would subvert every department of the Govern-ment, legislative, judicial, and executive, and put all the power in the hands of the clergy. It is but too evident to every thoughtful mind, that these gentlemen are seeking for worldly power to accomplish their ends; and in so doing they are denying the sufficiency of the power of God. G. E. FIFIELD. Methodist vs. Adventists. ONLY a short time ago we chronicled the fact that a Seventh-day Adventist had been arrested and fined in Kent County, Md., on complaint of a Methodist minister for husking corn in his own field on Sunday. It seems that this minister has not a monopoly of Methodist intoler-ance, for now comes a paper from the same State containing the following notice from another minister of the same denom- ination :Š The undersigned, with the fear of God and the public good before his eyes, would call the atten-tion of all Christians, whether Protestant or Cath-olic, that there is a man canvassing in Talbot County, seeking to sell a book called, " Bible Read-ings for the Home Circle," and he is also talking against the observance of the Lord's day. The book is in the interest of the Second or Seventh-day Adventists. Christians, beware of his craftiness and book. Yours, J. D. LECATES, Pastor of the Tighlman M. E. Church. The foregoing copied from the Easton, Maryland, Gazette of Dec. 3, 1892, shows the bigotry and intolerance of those who uphold the " American Sabbath." Find-ing nothing in the Scriptures to sustain them, they seek by putting such notices as this into the papers to keep the people from reading or finding out the truth for themselves. The way in which it is written should show to anyone that Mr. Lecates himself knows nothing about what he is trying to warn the people against, and is therefore not capable of judging even for himself. As for his charging the Adventists with breaking down the Lord's day, he is en-tirely mistaken in thinking thus; for that is just what they do not do. The Bible says that " the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord ; " and in Ica. 58: 13, 14, we read : " If thou turn thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speak-ing thine own words : then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord." The Ad-ventists are trying to show the people that the so-called " American Sabbath," or Sunday, is not the Sabbath of the Lord, but that it is a man-made institution. The book against which this minister warns both Protestants and Catholics says nothing about the Sabbath that the Bible does not say. Mr. Lecates is simply warn-ing people against reading the Bible, ex-cept through his eyes. A Blow for Civil Supremacy of Religion. THE order of the day just at present seems to be more or less pronounced re- ligious war. The contest over the Sun-day closing of the World's Fair is mak-ing itself felt in Congress and throughopt the whole country. In Toledo, Ohio, there is a bitter com-bat between Protestants and Roman Cath-olics over the public school question. Protestant antagonism to the Hebrew is also manifest in this case, as appears from this paragraph in the published re-port of the trial of one of the members of the Board of Education of the city for unjustly seeking the dismissal of teachers who were Roman Catholics. The para-graph reads :Š Miss Humphrey, another East Toledo teacher, testified that Scott said Kuhn ( a Hebrew member of the board) had taken advantage of his (Scott's) absence to 'appoint Miss Sugarman, a Jewess, and that he (Scott) had no more use for a Jew than for a Catholic.Further  examination developed such a condition of things as this :Š Professor Hutchinson, assistant superintendent of schools, testified that Dr. Scott asked for a list of the Catholic teachers employed in the city. The list was furnished. The doctor remarked that he wanted to get rid of the Catholic teachers, and he (Hutchinson) had remarked that Miss Sullivan was one Catholic that should be kept anyway, owing to her excellence as a teacher. Mr. Hutchinson con-tinued: " Dr. Scott wanted a Miss Beall removed, saying she was a Catholic. He also told me Miss Sugarman must not get a school. I asked him how he Would prevent it if she passed the examin- ation. He said: `Has she got her certificate yet ? ' I replied, No, but she wijl.' Then he said : She must be marked down so low she will not get a certificate. Compton should do that; I would do it myself if I dared.' " Professor Hutch-inson admitted belonging to a secret anti-Catholic society, therefore his testimony was certainly not swayed by religious bias in favor of the Catholics. This is significant. The assistant su-perintendent of schools a member of a secret anti-Catholic society ! Oath-bound to discriminate on religious grounds against a religious sect ! Members of the Board of Education, the member on trial, no doubt, as well as others, belong-ing also to the same organization ! Such conditions as these immediately bore their legitimate fruit as this showsŠthe closing paragraph of the same report:Š The city is greatly excited over the affair, which is dished up in the daily papers to the extent of pages. Several bloody affrays have resulted from the excitement, and neighbor is arrayed against neighbor, according to their sympathies. The same sectarian contest, from a dif-ferent point of view, crops out in this State; a dispatch from Saratoga says:Š There is commotion in Waterford, this county, over the reading of the Bible in the public schools. Father Emmett, of St. Mary's Church, of Water-ford, demanded of Superintendent Falconer that he order the teachers to cease reading the Bible, on the ground that to do so was against the law. The superintendent declined, saying he could only act on the orders of the Board of Education. Then Father Emmett went to some of the teachers and ordered them to discontinue reading the Scriptures in school; and they stopped doing so. Last even-ing the priest sent a letter to the Board, calling their attention to the fact that the Bible was read in the schools, with a request that its reading be ordered discontinued. The Board deemed the de-mand of Father Emmett " discourteous and impu-dent," and entitled to no consideration, as this priest is not even a legally qualified voter in the school district. The Board passed a resolution instructing the teachers not to obey any orders or instructions except those of the Board and the school superintendent, and threatening instant dismissal if orders from " outsiders " were obeyed. The Protestant Clergymen of Waterford have held a union meeting. In Pittsburg the preachers have under-taken to dictate to the city government, 