AMERICAN SENTINEL. 557 SPAIN sent her soldiers to Cuba and kept them there for years, and at the end they were in condition to make a good fight against the troops of the United States; but the latter return from Cuba after a campaign of only a few weeks almost completely shattered by disease and privation. There is something about this that calls for explanation. * THE American people have manifested much surprise and indignation over the revelations that have been made of the neglect and abuse of the troops. There is no doubt just cause for the feeling which has been aroused. While hardships and privations were naturally to be expected in the prosecution of the campaign, only base principles of conduct can account for the fact that delicacies sent to the troops were not distributed among them, and that sick and wounded soldiers were trans-ported long distances,without any adequate provision for their comfort during the journey. The prchision made for the care of the Spanish prisoners in this coun-try seems actually to have been better than that made for the care of those who were fighting for the nation and not against it. * IT is plain enough that this state of affairs is due in the main to selfishness and red tape. The question of blame is one to be settled by the national authorities, though it may be observed in passing that the responsi bility naturally rests with those who have direct over-sight of affairs where the evils exist. These should if necessary cut red tape in order to provide a prompt and efficient remedy. It is plain also that the blame canno t be all laid upon one or two individuals. No one or two individuals should have it in their power in this country to inflict suffering and death upon innocent persons. * * THERE is a lesson in this which may well be heeded by the American people; and that is that a government, whatever its form, and whatever its constitution, cannot be any better than the persons by whom it is adminis-tered. If people in this country become corrupt, selfish, regardless of the rights of others, the fact that this is a "free government," republican in form and with a grand Constitution, will not save the people from the evil con-sequenees. The rights of people will be denied here as grossly and arbitrarily as under an absolute monarchy. THAT individual rights are denied here in almost numberless instances through official selfishness and red tapeŠtwo things which go well togetherŠis a fact. No one can doubt it who takes account of the incidents that are noted in the news columns of the daily press. And in that which the soldiers have experienced there has only been manifested on a large scale the selfishness and red tape which inflict unmerited suffering upon the pri-vate individual. In the latter case little or nothing is thought about it because it involves only one individual, or but few individuals at the most. But it is a symp-tom nevertheless,Šan indication of serious disease in the body politic; and a people intent upon the preservation of their rights would do well to heed it. * * THE government does not make the people, but the people make the government. Where each person desires to respect the rights of his neighborŠto apply the prin-ciple of the Golden RuleŠbad government would be im-possible, whether it were called a republic or a monarchy. And when men are corrupt and selfish, seeking always to advance their own interests whether at the expense of their fellows or not, good government is impossible, though it may have all the forms of free government, and the strongest constitutional guaranties of individ-ual rights. * * REPUBLICAN governmentŠ"government of the peo-ple, by the people, and for the people"Šis right. The Constitution of the American Republic, the Declaration of Independence, are right. But all these are but the forms, the proper instruments, of good government. The good government itself depends upon the character of the people. It must come from the people themselves. And if the people are corrupt, if they put corrupt men in office, these instruments become of no avail, and might as well be exchanged for the proper forms of despotism. To HAVE better government, we must have better people. What then will make the people better? Can it be done by law, or by vote? What is needed is that which will feed the nobler impulses and cultivate the spirit of the Golden Rule, and this can be supplied only from a source that is superior to man himself. That source is the grace of God. The gospel alone supplies the conditions under which bad government will be im-possible. * IT was the power of the gospel in the great Reforma-tion that made possible the free Government which was set up in America, a beacon light to the world, at the be-ginning of the nineteenth century. But there can be no perfect government while there remains any opposition to gospel principles in those who participate in it. Per-fect government is the government of the kingdom of God. * 