AMERICAN SENTINEL. 599 Paul says, "Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry." Cpl. 3:5. According to the Saviour's declaration and Paul's in-spired exhortation, there is not a single nation of this world into whose constituents there enters an indulgence of any one of the sins enumerated but is thereby rendered an idolatrous nation in the sight of God; and no amount of legislative tinkering can transform such a government into a Christian nation. 1.- -0 -4- Groping in the Dark. BY L. W. FELTER. A GREAT many, and perhaps we might say, the ma-jority of the people, realize that this nation is rapidly approaching a crisis on the question of capital and labor; that this is becoming a leading issue is manifested by conversations, by speeches, and by writings, and by tragic events. "The Most High" who "ruleth in the kingdoms of men," has not only told us beforehand that the present industrial situation would come; but when it would come, and what it would mean when it should come. Thus, we read in the fifth chapter of James, beginning with the first verse: "Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted and your garments are motheaten. Your gold and silver is cankered ; . . . ye have heaped treas-ures together in the last days." R. V. This scripture has been literally fulfilled in the last third of a century, during which time the wealth of the nations has been concentrating into the hands of a fa-vored few who have "heaped" to themselves the most stupendous fortunes on record. Therefore in what days are we living?ŠThey must be the last. As the wealth is being "heaped together" by the "trusts" and other combines, what will be the financial condition of the masses?ŠThey will be growing poorer. Then might they be expected to complain of the "hard times," and combine to resist the exactions of the money power as they are doing at the present time?ŠYes. And that is just what the next verse sayS : "Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth." Yes; and the cry is heard on every hand, and many are asking themselves the question; "What will the outcome of it all be?" See the prophecy of Habbakuk, chapter 2, verses 5-8. The first part of these prophecies is seen by everybody, but instead of believing the word of the Lord in reference to the last part, men are groping around in the dark, seeking for a solution of the question through the wisdom of man. There is a book going the rounds entitled, "President John Smith," in which an imaginary story of a "peaceful  revolution" is told in glowing terms. But when puny man seeks to exalt his wisdom above the plain " Thus saith the Lord," the fallacy of his reasoning is appar-ent. Thus he says:Š "I have an abiding faith in government, in the will of the majority, in wise paternalism, in scientific national-ism. I believe in the people. I believe that the great heart of the people is kind, loving, and unselfish. . . - I distrust the individual. He is selfish. He is often dis-honest and corruptible. He is easily misled and influ-enced." But what is the "people" but an aggregation of in-dividuals? Then if the individual is "selfish," often "dis-honest" and "corruptible," "easily misled and influ-enced," what can a body politic be composed of such in-dividuals? And is it not a fact that "selfishness" is the root of the whole evil? Therefore the only peaceful and abiding solution o the problem is in the coming of Him the scepter of whose kingdom is a scepter of righteousness; from the hearts of whose subjects the principle of selfishness has been com-pletely and forever eradicated. Peter says, "We have the word of prophecy made more sure; whereunto ye do well to take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place." R. V. Then why not walk in light instead of groping about in the dark ; in a vain endeavor to discover something that does not exist? Government by Injunction. THE danger to American liberty which lies in the evi-dently growing use of the court injunctionŠusually in cases of conflicts, between capital and laborŠis thus stated by that very conservative journal, the Springfield Republican:Š "Thus the judge of his own motion becomes prosecu-tor, jury, and judge, and all the usual machinery and safeguards of justice are swept away. What would be said of an equity judge who should enjoin all people from committing any unlawful acts? Then unlawful acts would first become contempts of court, and the victims would be subject to prosecution, trial, and punishment by the judge alone. The enormity of such a proceeding is palpable." Ł THERE is no relaxation of the persecution of dissent-ers from the State church in Russia. It is now reported that "a congress of high Russian ecclesiastic's of the Greek Catholic denomination is considering measures to 'stop the spread of sectarianism,' by which is meant the teach-ing of any other than the orthodox religion. The eccle-siastics have decided to ask the government to restrain the adherents of Tolstoi as `dangerous to the Church and State.' They also propose to take away the children of the unorthodox and educate them as Catholics. One bishop went so far as to suggest that the property of dissenters be confiscated." 