THE A_IVIERICAN SENTINEL. 195 The So-Called National Reform Move- ment. TO ,National Reform movement is defined by David Mc Allister, D. D., LL,,D., Treasurer of the National Reform Association and author of the "Manual of Christian Civil Government," as " organ-ized ,opposition to the encroachments of the secular, theory of civil government." "The secular theory," he says, "is summed up in the statement that "civil goVernment has nothing to with religion but to let it alone! " This definition of the secular theory we accept; but the Doctor's" definition of National Reform is defective for they reason that it gives the impression, that the movement is wholly defensivej  whereas it is decidedly aggres-siVe— as will appear presently. '111,,his "Manual of. Christian. Civil Gov-GoVernment," Dr. Mc Allister says:Š - Ł VOW the first the work of the Association has been both conservative and reformatory. It has never failed to stand in the breaqh when any of the Christian institutions of our Government, such as Sabbath laws, or the Bible and unsectarian religious instruction[ in our common schools, were assailed and needed, sturdy defense. At the same time it used its utmost efforts to reform every abuse and wrong in our public life, and go to the root of the matter by such a radical reformation as would put the Nationin avowed allegiance to Christ as King Of kings, and practical obedience to his law. This Showa, as before remarked, that Natnal Reform .is not simply "organ-ized, opposition to the encroachments of secularism," but that it is an organized de-mand for the enactment of laws direCtly in the: interests of religion and religious in-stitutions. = This is well illustrated in the case of the :Sunday. We have no national Sunday laws, and never had such a law, therefore, as a national Association the National Reformers have not stood " in the, breach" when our " Sabbath laws" have been.assailed. Their standing in the hreach,  has been by making demands for the passage of a national law for Sun-day :observance and by efforts to secure more stringent State laws. And not only so, but they demand a radical and far-reaching change in our fundamental law. Just what this change is will appear from a eonsiderntion of the proposed amend-ment to the preaMble to the Federal Con-stitiition. They demand that this pream-ble shall be amended to read as follows :Š We, the ,people of the United, States [recognizing the being and attributes of Almighty God, the di-vine authority of the holy Scriptures, the law of God as the paramount rule, and Jesus, the Messiah,. the Saviour and Lord of all], in order to form a more perfect union, establish justiCe, insure domes-tic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the bless-ings of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States'of America. The part inclosed in brackets constitutes ,the proposed amendment,' and is certainly much more than " OppoSition to the en-croachments of secularism;" it is in fact a direct assault, not only upon secularism  as at present embodied in our laws, but upon the rights enjoyed by non-Christians under the Constitution as it is. Nor must it be supposed that this would be simply a triumph of a theory over a theory, and that the adoption of this amendment would be barren of practical results. So far would it be from this that it would subordinate every statute, yea ev-ery constitutional provision to that which the courts should hold to be the law of God. We say that which the courts should hold to be the law of God, because the question of what constitutes that law would have to be passed upon by the courts. And not only so, but they would also be called upon to sit as judges of that law, interpreting it just as they now inter-pret and construe acts of Congress. The courts might decide that the ten commandments constitute the law of God, or they might hold that by the law of God as used in the amended preamble was meant the whole revealed will of the di-vine Being. But be that as it might, they would be compelled to take cognizance of everything coming within the scope of that law, and thus become judges not alone of words and acts, but of thoughts as well, for that law takes cognizance of the most secret emotions of the soul; it is declared to be a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Heb. 4 : 12. In harmony with this dec-laration of the apostle, we find the Saviour declaring that hatred is murder (Matt. 5 : 20, 21), and that lust is adultery. Verses 27, 28. It follows that to admin-ister the divine law men must in some way get at the thoughts of the heart, and that could be done only by extorting con-fession by torture, just as confession was wrung from the victims of the Inquisition in the Dark Ages. It may be supposed by some that this is taking an extreme view of the National Reform position and of its logical results for the purpose of presenting the move-ment in as unfavorable a light as possible ; but it is nothing of the kind. It is just what they say about it themselves. In an article in the Christian Statesman of April 17, a prominent National Reformer says :Š The whole moral law as summed up in the ten commandments, and the whole moral Mosaic penal code, would be the rule of action in Congress, in State Legislatures, and in courts of justice. And again :Š Not the ever-changing will of the people, but the unchangeable law of the Most High would be of su-preme authority. The effect of this would be to change this Government from a government of the people and by the people to a theoc-racy, not indeed a true theocracy as was the theocracy of Israel, but to a counter-feit of that theocracy in which men would rule in the name of God, but without his sanction and without divine guidance. It would be a government in which men would sit in the temple of God showing themselves to be God, that is assuming the powers which belong alone to God, thus opposing and exalting themselves above God, as does the man of sin de-scribed by the apostle in Second Thessa-lonians. In saying this we do not charge the National Reformers with the intention to follow the example of the Papacy, nor with any purpose to oppose themselves to the truth of God by usurping his prerogatives; far from it; but we do charge that their zeal for God and for his law is not accord-ing to knowledge. Their purpose is to honor God by requiring all to acknowledge him as the rightful ruler of this Nation and of all nations; but, the effect of their proposed amendment would be to put the Government in the place of God, to sub-stitute for the divine law human interpre-tation of that law, and so to destroy al-legiance to God. This would be most disastrous to the very best elements of manhood, and de-structive of conscientious obedience to God. Under such a. Government men would look not to God and to his law to know their duty but to the law of the land. They would naturally ask, not, what does God require ? but, what does the State re-quire ? And instead of seeking to please God, they would seek to please the State; and with that done, no matter how super-ficial the service, they would be content. C. P. B. Is Protestantism Powerless? AN old saw says, " You cannot eat your cake and keep it, too." In like manner it may be said you cannot keep the public schools intact and devote them to the fur-therance of religious instruction. Why ? ŠFor several reasons. In the first place, there can be no religious instruction with-out giving that which by some religionists will be considered sectarian. For exam-ple, when it is insisted that the Bible should be read in the public schools, what is meant is that a specific translation and none other must be used. That transla-tion is the King James version. It is ob-jected to by Roman Catholics that it is a distinctively Protestant version; that cer-tain renderings are wrongly made; and it is objected that the Bible should be ex-plained by competent teachers, for which work the public school teacher is not qual-ified. Therefore, say the Roman Catho-lics, such instruction is sectarian. Is it, or is it not ? Suppose the circumstances were reversed, and the Catholics forming the majority Ł were to insist on reading the Douay version in the schools with " do penance " translated for " repent "Šwould not Protestants object, and with good rea-son ? But if it be insisted that this King James version shall be read and taught as " an educative force," is it not clear the way is opened up to the Roman Catholics 