274 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ods. Such methods do not apply to real war at all, and the attempt to unite things so incongruous can only make it worse in the end. "You can no more conduct a war on benevolent principles than you can let a gun go off easy." IN the regulations to which the "Christian nations," Spain and the United States, have announced that they will adhere in conducting the .war with each other, we find no statement that there will be no "business" transacted on Sundays. We do not see why a battieship should not keep Sunday as well as a saloon. A Christian Duty. Fon two years or more the Cuban "reconcentrados" have been dying of starvation in the cities whither they were sent by the decree of the Spanish general Weyler. They are still dying from the same cause, and we are told that the American people have a Christian duty to per-form in the matter. Now it is a Christian duty to relieve.distress, certainly. It is a Christian's duty to deal his bread to the hungry; there can be no doubt about that. And it is his duty to do this under all circumstances. If he has bread to give, he is to give it to those who are perishing for the lack of it, knowing that such is the will of God, and trusting in God to enable him to perform that will, and to take care of the results. But what did the people of this country do in per-formance of this plain Christian duty toward their fellow-beings in Cuba during the two years following General Weyler's decree? That a little was done, we do not doubt; but it was only a little. It was not enough to prevent the death of hundreds of thousands of the women and children who were the victims of Weyler's cruelty. Plainly, they left their Christian duty in this matter un-performed. It may be said that they could not do this; the Span-ish forces would not permit it. But who knows that they would not? Perhaps they wouldn't, when supplies of food were to be sent in ships of war. Spain did object to that, and quite naturally. But would Spain not have `permitted the Christian people of this country to feed the starving Cubans in a peaceable manner? There is no proof that she would not. Miss Clara Barton, we are told, testifies that the work of the Red Cross Society in Cuba was not hindered by the Spanish forces, and that the food brought and stored by the society for the Cubans was not disturbed by the Spanish troops. The Christian people of this country might have fed the suffering people of Cuba in a Christian way, and thus have discharged a plain Christian duty and have received a blessing from the God of mercy. Of this we do not be-lieve there can be a particle of doubt. But is it not a marvelous thing that these Christian  people, having failed for two years to discern this Chris-tian duty, now discover that it is their Christian duty to relieve the suffering in Cuba by fighting the Spanish ! And what seems chiefly to have impressed this duty upon them was the blowing up of the battleship "Maine." The carnal mind can quite readily discover "Christian duty," when it is something to be performed in a carnal way. The War, and the Result. WHAT events will follow as a result of the outbreak of war between this Government and Spain, are as yet matters of conjecture; but there is one result which it requires no supernatural vision to foresee. It is one which the nations have already foreseen, and which is giving them no small concern. It is the development of militarism in the United States. Whether this country wins or loses in the contest will not be a matter of so much consequence to this country and to the world as will the development of the military power in this country which the war must inevitably bring. For be it remembered that the situation to day is governed by vastly different circumstances from those which prevailed at the time of the contest between North and South. At the end of that war the great armies which had been called into the field melted quickly and easily away into the general body of civilians engaged in the peaceful pursuits of life, and so far as the military power was concerned, there was soon little evidence re-maining that the nation had fought one of the greatest wars in modern history. But the ascendancy of the military power to day would not be followed by a like result. The world is dominated to-day by the war spirit to an extent that was not dreamed of thirty years ago. For years Europe has been a great armed camp, and the peace of the world has been in unstable equilibrium. The nations, in reaching out under the impulse given by ad-vancing science, exploration, and the desire for colonial extension, have come hit° closer contact with each other; so that a move on the part of any one of them is liable to cause a serious disturbance. There has come to be a "balance of power "; that is, the military power of Europe is balanced, and as every person knows, it requires no great thing to upset things when they are evenly bal-anced. Let something be added to one scale, or taken from it, and the balance is upset at once. And this "balance of power" really extends over the whole civilized world. For in these days of swift travel and intercommunication, even the broad expanse of ocean does not isolate the affairs of one nation from those of others. The interests of the nations of the Old World are in intimate contact with those of the American re-public; they touch the shores of every nation of the Western hemisphere. And a disturbance on this side of the Atlantic may easily be of such proportions as to 