11,10.11PQ1 !km 11111111111,1JI' , III  Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.-Thomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JUNE 18, 1891. NUMBER 25. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. Assam/as EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. " WHEREVER there is a system of relig-ious instruction, endowed and patronized by law, with a preference given to it by the State over all other systems, and a preference given to its teachers over the teachers of all other forms of belief, there is a religious establishment." -4.- Ł A REUTER'S dispatch from St. Peters-burg says: " M. Pobiedonostzeff, the Pro-curator of the Holy Synod, has drawn up, and will shortly submit to the approval of the Council of the Empire, a new ec-clesiastical ordinance forbidding the Jews to observe the Hebrew Sabbath by closing their shops or other commercial establish-ments and manufactories on Saturdays, and ordering them, on the other hand, to close their places of business on Sundays and other religious festivals of the Ortho-dox faith. Jewish employes in shops, of-fices, and other establishments, moreover, are, under the new ordinance, to be com-pelled‚  to work on Saturdays, and to ob-serve Sunday as a day of rest."ŠPresent Truth, London, England. Ł As to a day of rest being necessary for the good of mankind, the Secretary of the Washington Secular Union says : " Work-ingmen need to sleep at night. Shall we have a civil law decreeing, under a pen-alty of fine and imprisonment, what time all shall gd to sleep ? Shall we have an act of the council compelling all persons to eat between the hours of twelve and one. If the people of the United States do not know enough to rest on Sunday  or any other day when they need rest, it is certain they much more require a law to send them to bed at night. The rank hypocrisy of the advocates of a civil Sun-day law is at once apparent if it is sug-gested that a law. be  passed to insure all a day of rest every Wednesday. Every Sunday-keeper indignantly protests, 0, that would be a violation of our religious rights !' No; they want a law to compel every one, whether he believes it right or not, to keep Sunday as they do." Bradford, Pennsylvania. PENNSYLVANIA has a Sunday law, as our readers know, enacted in the year 1794Ša relic of the days in that common-wealth when a person had to " possess faith in Jesus Christ" in order to be as-sured of protection in his religious rights. Bradford in that State is a city of about ten thousand inhabitants. The State law is of no more force in Bradford than in most other places throughout the State; as the people pay little or no attention to it, just as they ought. By some means not clearly defined a movement was begun in that city to se-cure an enactment of a city ordinance em-bodying the material part of the State law. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union took the lead in circulating a petition ask-ing the City Council to pass an ordinance, reading in the very words of the State law so far as it could be made applicable in the city. The petition was signed by five hundred and seventy-four voters, and the preachers presented it to the Council. Ac-cordingly the Council framed the desired ordinance which was referred to the joint ordinance committee. All this time there was considerable discussion among the people and not a little opposition. The committee to whom the ordinance was referred, therefore, de-cided to have a public hearing of the ques-tion. The hearing was appointed for Thurs-day night, June 4. The editor of THE SENTINEL was invited to be present and speak for the opposition, which invitation, of course, he willingly accepted, glad to speak in so good a cause. The Council obtained one of the largest halls in the city, and the meeting was held according to appointment, Thursday night. Two ministers, a Methodist and a Presbyterian, spoke for the proposed ordinance; the editor of THE SENTINEL and Mr. J. M. McClure, a leading lawyer of the place, spoke against it. The discussion was opened by the Pres-byterian minister, Mr. Eckles, who ex-plained the origin of the petition, stating that a good deal more had been made of the movement than was either designed or necessary, and protested against the right of the editor of THE SENTINEL to be heard, as he was not a citizen of Bradford nor an inhabitant of Pennsylvania. He then ex-plained that the City Council, before whom he was speaking, was not an ecclesi-astical court, that it was not a court be-fore which ecclesiastical or religious ques-tions should be tried. He next explained that in the question under consideration religion was in no way involved, that it was a " civil Sabbath " entirely, and de-signed only to secure to the people rest. He referred to the law of the State as being of force, and said that if they had chosen to do what they could in prosecu-tion and persecution, they could have en-forced that law without resorting to this measure to secure a city ordinance; but they had deemed it best to do this rather than the other. He presented an exemp-tion clause which they had framed, and which they proposed to have added to the ordinance, exempting those who " relig-iously " observed another day than Sun-day " as a day of worship." He said that there were those in Bradford, business men, who feared God and would like to attend church and spend the Sabbath as it ought to be observed, but that they would thus lose the patronage that would other-wise fall to them if their business houses were allowed to, be kept open on Sunday; and therefore these would like to have a law that would close all the places of busi-ness on Sunday. He then read a passage 