Bleu stutione [Ware m.—, Ilk me the _firming  of the The Sienificence of the nations  Present A,ti,ity Ttmo. 25c ,er Priﬁ. 10 Ccn'o AMERICAN SENTINEL. 381 TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingfY opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGA17 OF THE International Religious hiberty Rssoeiation. Published Weekly by Paine Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.01  Six months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the United States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, England, and Holland. The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost Wholly from original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily found, in the object lessons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed in a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur_ nished in the following bindings:Š rins silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $2,25 .1 I I " gilt titles 2.76 Fine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 3.90 Address, P(ICIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CONNNY, 39 Bond Street, New York City Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. Sunbeams of f)eattf?  anb Eemperance. This is a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of inter-esting information in such a manner as to be not only instructive but entertaining. The following are the titles of the prin- THE omiNG OF THE NOTIONS, An illustrated pamphlet, showing some of the mod-ern appliances for war which are now in actual service, with descriptions of the same. It gives a ta-ble showing the strength of the armies and navies of Europe VERY INTERESTING. Second Edition. Eighteenth Thousand How Ready. Price, 10 cts. each; $5.00 per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. cipal sections of the work 'Ł The House We Live I ; The Habitations of Men ; Some Strange People and Their Strange Manners ; The Bills of Fare of all Nations ; Dame Fashion and Her Slaves; Health and Temperance Miscellany; Hygiene for Young Folks. Over 224 quarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engravings. One of the most interesting volumes ever published. Regular price. We will send postpaid Cloth, plain edges, $2.25. $ 1 .25. Cloth, gilt edges, 2.50. 1 .50. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. 