AMERICAN SENTINEL. 585 associates in contumacy would be tried by a general court martial. Ł Coming to the subject of the situation in the island as affected by the conduct of American soldiers and their officers, the report says:Š "There has been, according to Otis himself, and the personal knowledge of every one here, a perfect orgy of looting and wanton destruction of property, and most outrageous blackmailing of the natives and Chinamen in Manila, and various incidents like the shooting down of several Filipinos for attempting to run from arrest at a cock fight, not to mention court martials of officers for cowardice and the dismissal of General Š for get-ting hopelessly drunk on the eve of two important battlesŠall of which the correspondents have left un-touched by common consent. Also, there are the usual number of army scandals and intrigues, which we have not aired, foremost among them the fact (it is univer-sally considered a fact in the army) that Otis is deeply prejudiced against and jealous of Lawton, and has done everything in his power to keep Lawton in the back ground and prevent him from making a reputation." Ł *Ł This will suffice for the report made by this represen-tative of the Associated Press. To it may be added the following deposition made by a private in a Colorado regiment, who for three months served as clerk under the auditor of public accounts at Manila. "He says," reads the report, "an examination of the vouchers for-warded to Washington will show that exorbitant prices are paid for all kinds of supplies purchased in Manila; that vast quantities of high class wines and other sup-plies have been purchased ostensibly for the Spanish hospitals, while in the American hospitals only the coarsest supplies are furnished. "He says court-martials of private soldiers charged with selling Government property have been stopped because they would result in the exposure of official ras-cality. "The robberies, he asserts, will aggregate an enor-mous sum." Ł Ł Ł We make mention of these things only to point out the evidence that provincial government under Ameri-can authority will repeat the old story of mismanage-ment and corruption that has been told at length in the history of other nations. The governor of a Roman province was accounted stupid and incompetent if in such a position he could not rise from poverty to wealth in the space of two or three years. Under Spanish and English rule the like thing was true of men placed in that position, and American public officials have not a reputation as regards questionable methods of money-getting which will raise them above suspicion when in a place where they are face to face with the oppor- tunity to acquire wealth rapidly and easily through the channels of government. This very thing is done at home to a notorious extent, and how can anything else be expected abroad? The evil is inherent in the very system of provincial government, which is a denial of the doctrine of government by consent of the governed, and is built upon the principles of injustice and denial of human rights which it exemplifies in its practical results. Sunday Enforcement by the Trades. THE movement to enforce Sunday observance in Paterson, N. J., started by the barbers and icemen, is spreading, and may soon extend to all classes of busi-ness. This is a new method of securing Sunday enforce-ment, and one worthy of careful note. There is some-thing about the enforcement of Sunday by the various trades, that suggests a text of prophetic scripture pointing to a time when "no man might buy or sell" save such as had the "mark" of a certain apostate religious power. See Rev. 13. The progress of the Sunday movement in Paterson is thus described by The Call, of that city, in its issue of Sept. 13:Š "When the icemen of this city called upon Mayor Hinchliffe a few weeks ago with a request that his honor exert his influence in having all trade in the frozen pro-duct on the seventh day of the week suspended, it was little suspected that their action was to be the origin of a movement for the suspension of business in almost every line on the Sabbath. It seems, however, that such was the case inasmuch as that the barbers throughout the city and the butchers and grocers in the Riverside section since that time have inaugurated similar movements and are meeting with great success. "Last evening one of the strongest and most influ-ential organizations in the city seconded the movement and voted to lend its support in the endeavor to secure a proper observance of the Sabbath. The organization taking such action was the Grocers' Mutual Protective Association, a well attended meeting being held in its rooms in the Romaine building. "At the present time the major portion of grocers in the city close their stores on the Sabbath, but a large number of the smaller retailers persist in doing business on Sundays. Some of the groceries with fruit stores attached are open from early morning till late at night on Sundays, and it is to this class that the association intends to direct its attention. "Most of the representative grocers of the city were present at the meeting, and addresses strongly favoring the movement were delivered by several of the mer-chants. It was pointed out that there is a clause in the association's constitution prohibiting Sunday selling, and the privileges heretofore granted to some dealers to keep open on Sunday will be revoked. "The action of the grocers will tend to decrease the Sunday street noises, as delivery wagons will not be permitted to travel about. This will be appreciated by 