Of this excellent unsectarian work Mrs. Henry says in the Preface:Š "Let no one suppose that I have been `laying down a lot of rules.' The most I have attempted to do is to point out some of those regulations which the ex-perience of thoughtful men and women of the world has found necessary to good social order, as well as some of those things that a long experience in work for the unfortunate has discovered as requisite to the prevention of scandals, and consequent ostracism." 150 pages. Price 25 cents. PAOIPIO PRESS PUBLISHING 00., 89 Bond st., New York Oiti. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Calif. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 191 GOOD FORM  and CHRISTIAN ETIQUETTE.  MRS. S. M. I. HENRY'S LAST BOOK GENUINE "OXFORD" BIBLE $1.50. Bibles have recently advanced in price, especially the cheaper styles, but for the present we offer this Bible at the old reduced price. So many people are asking for "nice, large type" in a Bible small enough to be conven_ iently carried, that we are led to offer this one. Notice how large and clear the type is, and the size is only 5%x7Y,,xr Y,s. inches. It contains all the really necessary "Helps," such as Dictionary of Proper Names, Sub-ject Index, Concordance, 15 Maps. etc., over 300 pages in all, but not so much useless matter as to make the book too thick and heavy. Of Christ's torcgdahi. PSALMS. The church's confidence in God. of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee ,9;.:ad. 9--Kings' daughters were among thy honeurable women: 'upon thy hand d.d stand the queen. in 2 Heb. an high place for us. a  Cant. 6, 8. blEm.2.19. Ps. 63. 5. 7 The LORD of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob is 2our refuge. Selah. Ł 8 'Come, behold the works of the LORD, what desolations he bath Treats good manners as related to soci-ety rules in gospel work. A most help-ful book for old or young, laity or clergy, all who are "earnestly looking for the best means of serving God and human-ity." First Impressions are Most Lasting! Habits Determine First Impressions! Specimen of type in our Style C-1 Bible. Very much pleased. "I received the two Bibles last week that you sent me, and will say that I am very much pleased with them; they are to every particular all that is said about them in the advertise-ment. As I have showed them to others the result is that I have got orders for three more of the same kindŠstyle C-1 -which order I herewith send you." The binding is Prench Morocco, Divinity Circuit Style (see cut), round corners, red under gold edges, and cover is linen lined, thus making a neat, durable, convenient, but inexpensive Bible. Our Price Still $1.50, Postpaid. Our order number for this Bible is C-r. We have better bindings at $1.75, $2.75, $3.50, and $4.00. The India Paper Edition bound in genuine levant Morocco, the best and most durable binding for continuous use, costs at cur reduced rate $7.25. Write us about anything you need in Bibles. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York, N. Y. THE POST FOUNTAIN PEN, Only Self=filling and Self=cleaning Pen manufactured in the world. YOU CAN CLEANSE AND REFILL IT IN TEN SECONDS. WE submit the following, just received:Š Austin, Texas, Feb. 27, 1900. Dear Sir:ŠI have received the Post Fountain Pen, sent by you with the AMERICAN SENTINEL. I acknowledge receipt of it, because it is the most convenient arranged fountain I have ever used. The feed is perfect. I have used six or seven different makes, the Waterman being being the last. The Post excells them all. Respectfully, GEO. D. EVANS. The retail price of the pen is $3.00. It cannot be purchased for less anywhere. We will send it, postpaid, with the SENTINEL one year, for $2.50. Self-filling, SIX CARDINAL POINTS Self-cleaning, PECULIAR TO THE Simplicity, Durability, "POST." Reliability, I, No Leaking. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. The "What Is Worth While" Series. A series of short, practical, and interesting volumes, daintily bound, and intended to fill the wants of those desiring inexpensive booklets of real value for gift pur-poses. Bound in white leatherette, handsomely deco-rated. Price, 35 cts. each. Secrets of Happy Home Life. The Christ-Filled Life. Take Heart Again. Golden Rule in Business. The Fruit of the Vine. Laddie. Ideal Motherhood. What a Carpenter Did With His Bible. The Everlasting Arms. Miss Toosey's Mission. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. 