01411,11,111111) 11,0'3"volons 320 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 40 NEW YORK, OCTOBER 13, 1892. NomŠAny one receiving  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered Tan SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WHAT are the people to do on Sunday? The advocates of Sunday laws say that they shall not work and they shall not play, neither shall they use public con-veyances to visit the parks or the country ; while the most of the city churches would slam their doors in their faces if they at-tempted to go to church. What are they to do? Š0-- WRITING to the Signs of the Times of the charge that the Tennessee Adventists " offended the Moral sense of the com-munity," a Methodist minister says : " The gospel itself may be an offense to some." Christ himself was " a stone of stumbling and a rock of offense," and he said that he " came not to send peace, but a sword." But why a sword?ŠSimply because the natural heart would war against the truth. Two lawyers, in Ripley, Tenn., have written to us saying :Š Although we reside in the State of Tennessee, where men are deprived of their liberty and are immured in prison for observing Sunday contrary to the popular custom, we desire to say that we are strongly opposed to the shameful persecution. We most heartily concur in the opinions of your most valuable paper on this subject. These gentlemen send us a year's sub-scription, and will hereafter read THE SENTINEL regularly. _0_ THE Mail and Express of the 3d inst., has an interview with Bishop Doane (Ro-man Catholic), in which that functionary avows himself in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The Bishop declares that he has no sympathy with either the Puritan Sabbath or with the continental Sunday. But in the latter the Bishop sees one redeeming feature; he says: " For the continental Sunday there is this to be said, however the day may end, it begins, theoretically and very often actually, with the religious service of obligationŠthe mass!' Š0Š THE mass is the one important thing in the estimation of the Romanist, and if only that be not neglected it is small dif-ference how Sunday is spent. This being the case why not have Congress make a law requiring all the employees of the Fair to attend mass on Sunday morning ? for which purpose the gates of the Exposition might be closed for two or three hours.  Now that the Supreme Court and Con-gress have undertaken to regulate the re-ligion of the Nation, there could be no impropriety in going just a step further and requiring the employees to attend mass. The mass is no more a religious institution than is the Sunday, and if it is all right to require the observance of one why not of the other also ? THE author of " The Sabbath in Puri-tan New England," relates that "a large portion of the stipends in early parishes being paid in corn and labor, the amounts were established by fixed rate upon the inhabitants; and the amount of land owned and cultivated by each church member was considered in reckoning his assessments. These amounts," con-tinues the historian, " were called volun-tary contributions. If, however, any cit-izen refused to ' contribute,' he was taxed; and if he refused to pay his church tax he could be fined, imprisoned, or pil-loried. For one hundred years the min-isters' salaries in Boston were paid by these so-called ' voluntary contributions." This scrap of Puritan history is inter-esting as it gives a clue to some of the ideas entertained by National Reformers in regard to religious liberty. This is the kind of ' voluntary' religious service that the National Reformers propose to require at the hands of all the people. They will leave everybody free in reli-gious thingsŠjust as the Puritans did in this matter of paying the ministers' sal-aries. ŠoŠ IT is unfortunate that the Attorney-General of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit in Tennessee feels impelled to continue the persecution of the Adventists in Henry County, that State. No sound principle requires such action on his part. He knowsŠfor he can not fail to knowŠthat others than Adventists work in Henry County on Sunday, and yet he takes no action against them. Sunday work, Sunday picnics, Sunday excursions, and Sunday squirrel hunting go on in the immediate neighborhood of his own town, but he takes no notice of it, though atten-tion has been publicly called to the facts. But the Adventists are pursued with un-relenting rigor. These facts show that the prosecutions are inspired, not by prin-ciple, not by a fine sense of official duty, but by religious prejudice. The following extract from a private letter written, on the evening of October 1, by a member of the Springville church, will throw some light upon the methods pursued in this persecution :Š ŁWe had our quarterly meeting [the Lord's sup-per, etc.] to-day and had a splendid good meeting. Almost every member of the church was present, and love and harmony prevailed. All seemed to be of good courage, and not at all afraid of the prosecutions, or persecutions, rather. As you already know, they took some eighteen witnesses, mostly young men and boys, up to Paris  Wednesday to go before the Grand Jury and tell all they knew about Sunday work in this neighbor-hood. They seem determined to get Brother Ward and Grandpa Dortch, for they took all three of Brother Ward's boys and "Bud" Dortch. They in-tended to have Charley Brigham because he worked at Dortch's, but through a mistake got his brother instead. They asked " Bud " Dortch a great many questions about his father, and even asked him what his two sisters did on Sunday. They asked Harvey Moon what his mother did on Sunday. If all are indicted that they got information against it will take nearly the whole church. As remarked last week, several of the witnesses summoned before this modern Inquisition were mere boys; and, as we also suggested, some of them were required to testify against their own mothers, tell-ing what they did on Sunday in the pri-vacy of their own homes! And this in the name of Law, Order, and Justice!! Another witness, a young man, was re-quired to tell what his sisters did on Sun-day ! It would not be at all surprising if it were to transpire that some of these witnesses were required to criminate themselves, and were indicted on their own testimony. It would be quite in keep-ing with the methods of the Tennessee In-quisition. -0- A CATHOLIC paper complains that Com-missioner Morgan is doing his best to de-stroy Catholic missions among the Indians, and says : " Yet, if we object to his perse-cutions and endeavor through the consti-tutional means open to all citizens to make our objection effective, we are `dragging religion into politics,' and we are acting in a manner to make Protestants combine against us at the polls. Indeed! Why should Protestants consider themselves ag-grieved because we ask for justice? What would the Methodists do, if a Catholic president and a Catholic priest Commis-sioner of Indian affairs and a Catholic priest Inpector of Indian schools were to adopt an anti-Methodist policy in any of the fields of government? Would the Methodists utter no protest? Would they vote to prolong the tenure of office of their oppressors." The whole trouble is in the fact that the Government ever became involved in the support of denominational schools among the Indians, or anywhere else. The Gov-ernment can be impartial as between the sects only by letting religion and all re-ligious questions entirely alone. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 99c. 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c. 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c. 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c. " 1000 or more " " " - - - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Somi treet, New York City. 