392 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 49. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 17, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Colorado .Graphic says : " Stop the street cars on Sunday and see how quickly the threadbare members of the Law and Order League who cannot afford the luxury of a horse and carriage will interpose in their own behalf." Certainly they would; the persons who are so ready to dictate to others as to how they shall spend Sunday do not expect to be restricted in the least in their own actions. If a law were passed that in any way restricted their movements on any day, it would be promptly denounced as an unwarranted interference with their sacred rights. In-deed they are so bigoted and so wrapped up in self that they think all the world should do on Sunday just as they say; and they cannot be happy until they have it in their power to compel this very thing. ARCHBISHOP JOHN IRELAND thus calls his fellow-religionists to take an active part in prosecutions and persecutions under the Sunday laws : " I have noticed with much regret that in movements of citizens to enforce the Sunday laws of the country, Catholics are not in large num-bers among the foremost combatants. This may rise from some singular political ideas held by them, but no political ideas must prevail against such obligations as those binding us to the observance of the Sunday." Certainly not, for Sunday and its ob-servance is that to which the Roman Catholic points as the proof of the domi-nance of the form of ecclesiasticism which he represents, whether it be acknowledged or not. Ł Ł Ł  IN his department of " Christian Pol-itics," in the Christian Nation, Rev. W. J. Coleman, Professor of Political Science, Geneva College, Pennsylvania, says of the Sabbath question, " This is perhaps the oldest political question of the time." Was it from the Bible, or from political science, or from Covenanter theology, that this professor of political science drew the conclusion that the Sabbath question is an ancient political question ? Did Jehovah from the beginning commit his Sabbath to the keeping of the ward politician ? Professor Coleman's illustra-tion of " Moses at the head of the Hebrew commonwealth " is a peculiarly unhappy  one. Moses was not a political boss, nei-ther was he raised to a. position of author-ity by the suffrages of the Jewish people, but he was directly called of God. He who argues that government as now adminis-tered should enforce the law of God as that government of -which. Moses was the divinely appointed representative executed it, argues that fallible, fickle, corruptible, human majorities possess the divine pre-rogative, and demands a return to the ancient pagan Roman blasphemy, that the voice of the people is the voice of God. THE Sun thus pointedly comments on the action of the barbers', convention at Grand Rapids, Michigan. " Why should the Barbers' International Union ask the State legislatures to enact laws prohibit-ing all the barbers of the United States from plying their razors on Sunday ? There is no law in any State requiring barbers to engage in Sunday shaving. Every barber in the country is at liberty to refuse to shave anybody, or trim any-body's beard, or cut anybody's locks on Sunday. Any barber has the right to close and bar his shop every Sunday of the year. The International Barbers' Union had better let the legislatures of the States attend to public affairs while its members regulate their own business. The proposed legislation would not reach the root of the matter. What the legis-latures must do, if they would give genu-ine relief to the barbers, is to pass pro-hibitory laws or constitutional amend-ments forbidding beards to grow on Sunday." Ł  THE Christian Union notes the appoint-ment of Rev. Dr. William A. Bartlett, of Washington, D. C., to a place on the board of management of the House of the Good Shepherd, a Roman Catholic institution, and thinks that "Protestants will need to be alert, or they will be left behind by their Roman Catholic brethren inŁ a gen-erous emulation for preeminence in Chris-tian catholicity." On Sunday Dec. 6, Rev. W. F. Crafts, apostle at large to preach the enforced observance of the American Sunday, filled Roman Catholic pulpits in Newark, New Jersey. History verifies the truthfulness of the statement that " Rome never changes." Who then has changed that this union of effort might take place, and is the coalition for the furtherance of a Protestant, or a Roman Catholic, dogma ? IT is narrated in a London paper that the Bishop of Salisbury had offered to an old laborer on his estate the position of lodge-keeper, at the bishop's palace, a life situation; but that the conscientious old man refused the place, for the reason that he was a nonconformist, and supposed, if he accepted personal service under the bishop, he would be required to attend  church instead of chapel, and this he would not do. However, when the bishop heard his story the man was nevertheless retained, and " granted full freedom to worship where he pleased." This inci-dent the Northwestern comments on as " alike creditable to both persons." Cer-tainly this transaction was evidence of honest religious conviction on the part of the laborer, but what does it prove in reference to the bishop ? It shows that he and his kind have enforced a subservi-ency in religion so complete and of such long continuance as to have Inade it an unconsciously accepted condition of servi-tude. With humble sturdiness the man accepts the alternative; but is it as cred-itable to the bishop that he in his lofty graciousness should assume to " grant " that freedom which is of God from the beginning, and never belonged to any one else either to yield or withhold ? NUMBERS 40 to 47, of the Sentinel Li-brary, contain valuable additions to the literature of the discussion of the differ-ent phases of the question of religious legislation. Number 40, " A Union Be-tween Protestants and Roman Catholics," shows that such a coalition is progressing, and what its results will be; 8 pages, price, 1 cent. Number 41, " The Sunday Law Movement; Object, Methods, and Personal Rights Involved ;" 8 pages, price, 1 cent. Number 42, " The Sunday Laws of the States and Territories." A com-plete rescript of all the laws of the differ-ent States and Territories pertaining to religious questions; 126 pages, price, 20 cents. Number 43, "Should Church Prop-erty be Taxed ? " By Rev. A. P. M'Diar-mid, from a paper read at a meeting of the New York Baptist Ministers' Confer- ence; 16 pages, price, 2 cents. Num-ber 44, " ' We Declare,' and ' We De-mand," some unwarranted assumptions of religious legislationists ; 16 pages, price, 2 cents. Number 45, " An Unbiassed Ar-raignment." The Sabbath question from an outside standpoint, by Rev. H. B. Maurer; 8 pages, price, 2 cents. Number 46, " The Importance of Maintaining our Principles ; " 16 pages, price, 2 cents. Num-ber 47, "Should Sabbath Observance be Enforced by Civil Law ? " This is a very able discussion of the subject. Selections from the argument have been published in the last three issues of THE SENTINEL, and it is now presented in tract form com-plete; 24 pages, price, 3 cents. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York 