I "IF ANY MAN DEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.,ŠJesus ALONZO T. .TONES. P.DITOR. NEW YORK, JANUARY 7, 1897. *Vol,. 12, No.. 1. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian ancl,Constitutional. FOU TERN'S SE F, LAST PAGE. *4' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent 'to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no Mars that they will be asked to pay for it. To-DAY the AMERICANJ SENTINEL enters upon its twelfth year's work. Every one who has watched the course of events diuing these eleven years, knows that the call for this work is more urgent than ever before. When the first number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL was issued in January, 1886, who, however well in-formed, would have supposed that in only eleven years the movement to make the United States Government " Christian," and Ł the " ChriStian religion " a national thing, would have become so all-pervading and so popu-lar as it is ? Then there was but one small sect that was working to this bad end. That movement was weak, and unpop-ular almost everywhere. All the principles and precepts of the Government were positively against it. Now the movement is powerful and popular almost everywhere. And in spite of principle and precept, the Government of the United States has been turned bodily in its favor, with notice from the National Executive that "all will have to accept the situation," and "face the music." In more than one way that is a7complete revo-lution. WHAT IS THE SITUATION? Let us glance at original principles, that we may the better understand what the situation is, that " all will have to accept." Everybody knows that upon principle, and by ex-press provision of the supreme law, the Government of the United States was established not only without any recognition of religion, but with the exclusion of religion, and speCifically the Christian religion. This was done, too, because of respect to the Christian religionŠ" that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its free- dom, and purity, and power," and that here there might be no encroachments upon the prerogatives of God. Thus the Government of the United States was estab-lished in truth upon the Christian basis: in that its fun-damental principles and supreme law were in exact har-mony with the provisions announced by Jesus Christ with respect to the total separation that should be main-tained between His religion and the jurisdiction of the State, between the kingdom of God and the governments of this world. Thus America became to all the world "the classical land" of religious liberty. Therefore no step could ever be taken against this order of things in the Government, without attacking religious liberty : no thing could ever be done toward governmental recognition of the Chris-tian religion, without being against the plain word of Christ, as well as against the fundamental principles and the supreme law of the Government itself. This was all plain enough to all who cared to con-sider that the principles of Christ and the good of man= kind were of more importance than their own opinions. And this is why the American people have been so slow to believe that there could be any danger to religious lib-erty, any danger of the establishment of a national reli-gion, in this country: they would not believe that there could ever be enough people in this country who would become antichristian, to change the order of things in which the Government of the United States was founded, and which it represented to all the world. By the year 1886, however, those who established the AMERICAN SENTINEL considered that there was sufficient indications of this approaching danger to justify the publishing of a paper which should be devoted to the maintenance of the principles of Christianity represented in the fundamental principles and the supreme law of the Government of the United States; while at the same time it should watch closely to detect and expose every mo-tion that might be made toward securing the govern-mental recognition of religion. In 1892, the Supreme Court of the nation committed the judicial department of the Government to the recog- 