AMERICAN SENTINEL. 547 acy, of planning for the exaltation of the humanŠin short, the spirit of politicsŠhad been banished from their midst. And when they received that Spirit, that mind was in them which was in Christ, which led him not to exalt himself but to humble himself, even from his position of equality with God, to the likeness of sinful man, to be born in a manger, and after a life of poverty and reproach, to consent to a death upon the cross. These two spiritsŠthe spirit of politics and the Spirit-of ChristŠhave been working in the world, the one really and the other professedly and only so, for the setting up of the kingdom of God. They are at work to-day; and as the scheme which involves political agencies gathers magnitude and power, the contest between them will grow in magnitude and intensity. For they have noth-ing in common, and not the least compromise can be made between them. The churches and religious societies are working to fulfill the purpose of God that righteousness shall be -established in the earth. But to accomplish this they purpose to reform the civil governments. They purpose to "purify politics." They purpose to step into the po-litical arena, and by their political power control the elections, and put good men in public office. They will not allow a man to get into public office unless he has their certificate of good character. What will follow from this? What does all history teach will follow, what else can follow, but that unprincipled politicians, rank hypocrites, will come with pious face knocking at the doors of the church? But will not these good people be able to detect the hypocrites? For answer, we might refer to the experience some of them had a few years ago with Congressman W. C. P. Breckinridge, of Kentucky. He was then a member of Congress, and was their cham-pion in furthering a bill for "purifying" government in the District of Columbia. He was their noble Christian politician, the type of what the country needed in public office to establish a Christian government. But when by accident they found out what he was, they ceased lauding him and referred to him as "that infamous old libertine." But the details of that are too well known to need repeating. No; human powers of discernment cannot be relied on to detect hypocrisy. Clothed with a pious exterior, it can easily gain admission to the sanctuary. The safety of the church in this regard lies in maintaining the pure principles and practises of Christianity which are repugnant to hypocrisy in all its forms. It lies in maintaining the spirit of self-denial, which makes church membership an undesirable thing for anyone of the spirit of the world. But there is one agency which can and always does detect hypocrisy, and that is the Holy Spirit. And that is just the work the Holy Spirit will do among the true disciples when it is given them, as it is to be, in full measure. For just as it was in the early church which received the "former rain," so will it be in the "remnant"  church when it receives the "latter rain." And how was it in the early church? That question is answered by the narrative of Ananias and Sapphira. And when they had been struck dead for their hypocrisy, "of the rest [those like them] durst no man join himself to them," but "believers were the more added to the Lord, multi-tudes both of men and women." See Acts 5.  For the hypocrite, the Christian Church was then the worst of all places to be in,Ša place to be gotten out of with all possible speed. And just such the Christian Church will be again when the climax of the great con-troversy shall be reached, and God's people are clothed with the divine power to perform their part in that stage of the controversy. And thus will be presented two companies, both religious in profession, both work- . ing professedly for the same end, but embodying two opposing spirits,Šthe spirit of politics and the Spirit of Christ; the one glorying in its numbers and political power, the other few in numbers but clothed with the power of God; while hypocrites of every class will be flocking into the one, and flocking out of the other. Worldly, political power rises to its greatest height by confederation. Combines are now the order of the day everywhere, and religious combines are almost as prominent as those in the secular sphere. And still fur ther combination and federation is aimed at in the religious world. But the final and greatest combine of all will be when the religious and political forces of the earth join hands, into which the religious world is now being led by the deception that is upon them. That combine will represent great power,Šthe greatest that the author of deception and the "prince of this world" can muster in the earth. But over and above it all, and far beyond its utmost limits, will be seen the power of God in his people: when his true followers, separated from every unworthy character, and endued with power from on high, shall stand forth as the true church, "fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banneYs." The Spirit of Christ, or the spirit of politicsŠby our choice between them will be determined the position we shall occupy in that day. God and the Rifle. "Bible Echo." - A THOUGHT frequently entertained was recently ex-pressed by one of the Transvaal officers stating that in the event of war, "God and the Mauser rifle would safe-guard their independence." But God does not depend upon the Mauser rifle or any other kind of war instrument. Nor does he intend to carry en his work in any such fashion. When Peter drew his rusty blade to defend Christ, the command was given, "Put up again thy sword into its place; for all they that take the sword shall per-ish with the sword." The same thought is sometimes 