390 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ing, and it is now a recognized fact that the text books on physiology which carry the indorsement of the Na-tional W. C. T. U. are scientifically accurate; all so-called scientific utterances against our position to the contrary notwithstanding; and from this time on, as Mrs. Hunt said at the last National Convention, "Negligent school boards will be responsible for the drunkenness of the future." ... What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 2. BY C. H. KESLAKE. IT has already been shown that the message of Rev. 14:6, 7 is due to be proclaimed to the world at the very -time when the work having in view the enforcing of "the mark of the beast" (papacy) upon the consciences of the people is in progress whereby they will be compelled to render homage to the papacy instead of to God. The proof that this is so lies in the fact that the three angels of Rev. 14:6-9, each having a special mes-sage to proclaim, go together, as is indicated in the word "followed" which here means "to go with," and so they proclaim their messages at one and the same time, and, be it remembered, to the same people. And the message -of the third angel is a solemn warning against the wor-ship of the beast and his image, and the receiving of his mark, etc. It has also been pointed out that the work of enforc-ing the mark of the beast would be carried on under the idea that it was a gospel work, and with the thought that thereby God would be honored and glorified. This will be still more apparent when we remember that were it carried on under any other guise the truth concerning it would be perfectly understood, and many, who now will be deceived by it, would turn away from it with horror. In no other way than as a gospel work could it possibly succeed. This is not to be wondered at, for we are told that "Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light; therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be trans--formed into ministers of righteousness, whose end shall be according to their works." 2 Cor. 11:14,15. But none need be deceived by this work, for all who will may know what the genuine gospel is; and "if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost; in whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ should shine unto them." 2 Cor. 3:3,4. This genuine gospel is preached,when it calls upon all to "fear God, and give glory to him." There is no other gospel, and there can be no other. And in this most di-rect way we are brought face to face with the supreme question as to whether we will "fear God and give glory to him;" at a time too when even superhumanŠnot su-pernatural, be it observedŠpower will be displayed to  prove that the mark of the beast is the mark of God, For the controversy is to reach a point when to appar-ently settle the question, fire will be brought down from heaven (Rev. 13:12,14), the great masterpiece of decep-tion,Šand thus a lie will be proven(?) to be the truth. In the last article it was shown that he who fears God will keep his commandments; and as the message of Rev. 14:6, 7 is a call for all to fear God, it is really a call to keep the commandments. If in these articles there has been given a correct ex-position of Rev. 13:11-16, and the work brought to view would be carried on as a gospel workŠinasmuch as the true gospel, in the scripture under consideration, is a call to all to keep the commandments of God, it would fol-low that this pseudo-gospel work would also be a call to keep, professedly, the commandments of God. In either case, then, in the very nature of things, some point in the commandments would be the test of our obedience to the gospel, and that particular point would be the mark. Let this point be noted carefully. It will lead us infalli-bly to the absolute truth in the matter. There is no pos-sibility of making a mistake. As we have seen, the gospel of Rev. 14:6, 7 is a call to keep the commandments. That being so, and it being therefore a question of keeping the law, appeal must be made to the law itself. From this there can be no escape. The law itself must be the standard. What saith the Scripture?Š"To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not according to this word it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8:20 There is only one commandment in the Decalogue over which there could possibly be any controversy of the nature brought to view in the prophecy under con-sideration. For be it remembered, as set forth above, there is some point in the law concerning which the peo-ple would be at variance, and it is over that particular point concerning which efforts would be made to coerce the consciences of men. That particular point is the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. We repeat: Con-cerning the fourth commandment only could any one's conscience be coerced, so that before his fellowman he would be made to appear as though he were reverencing God. The inevitable logic of the whole matter is that the Sabbath of the fourth commandment is the test of one's obedience to the law and to the gospel, and is therefore the mark of loyalty to God. That being so, as already shown, the law itself must decide the question. There can be no other source of appeal. What,.then, does the law say with reference to the matter of the Sabbath? The answer is plain and unmis-takable: "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The seventh day therefore is the mark of God. Any other day claiming to be the Sabbath, and sought to be enforced in the place of the seventh day, would be the mark of the beast. 