362 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Revs. F. C. Haddock, W. H. Brightlire, N. J. Myers and E. T. MacMahon are opposed to the 'preachers making themselves police officers,' as one expressed it. Rev. Mr. Myers spoke of this in a sermon, Sunday night. He de-nied he lacked backbone, but said he did not believe the work was in a preacher's province." It is pleasing to note that some of Akron's clergy-men are opposed to this crusade, appreciating the great truth that an "ambassador for God" is not called by duty to make himself a spy and an informer against people and secure their imprisonment in jail. The am- bassador for God is commissioned to proclaim not im-prisonment, but liberty; not condemnation, but justifi- cation. We find also in the Press Post, of Columbus, the fol- lowing reference to this subject:Š "There is a lively war in the Evangelical Alliance of this city. It is composed of the Protestant ministers of the city. Several weeks ago, at a secret meeting, a num-ber of the ministers decided to begin a crusade against the Sunday theater and ball games. Several of the min-isters dissented. The others severely criticized them for want of 'backbone.' "Sunday the crusaders visited the casinos at Summit Lake and Lakeside Parks. Rev. N. J. Myers, of St. Paul's Lutheran Church, one of the dissenters, preached a sermon in which he said he would thank God when the theologian and Christian philosopher could give his whole time to the study of the Bible and the considera-tion of progressive thought and that when the Lord's day arrived, he would not be obliged to _hunt up the sheriff and prosecuting attorney and arrest men for playing ball. In his sermon he referred to the century A. D. 2500. Looking forward to that period, he said: `I was glad that I did not live in the last days of the nineteenth century when the ministers of God's word were expected to lower their ministerial dignity by de-scending to the low level of the Sunday afternoon spy, and that Christian charity and good judgment had been so thoroughly developed that when I refused to do so I was not branded as a coward or accused of lack of moral backbone.' "This sermon has amused the ministers who are ac-tive in the crusade." Evidently, it requires more "backbone" on the part of a clergyman to stand out against one of these cru-sades, than to join in it. It al ways requires backbone to stand on the unpopular side. A Georgia Paper on Sunday Enforcement. SOME good things on the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance in Georgia, are forcibly said by the Commercial Argus, of Rome, Ga., with reference to the arrest of J. T. Eaton, of that city, for Sunday work. Referring to the notice of the case which first ap-peared in the Rome Tribune, the Argus said that, "In all candor, we don't think that there was much religion shown by the intermeddling neighbors in having the  case made against Mr. Eaton; certainly there was no Christianity displayed;" and that "for other churches pretending to be Christians, to assume to themselves the right to dictate to others, is a species of bigotry unworthy the religion of Christ. There is no religion in it. It is fanaticism pure and simple." This called forth strong replies from some of those most opposed to the Adventist religion; of which the Argus took note by printing the following:Š "Our waste basket is filled with vigorous and some-what intolerant, not to say impertinent, denunciations of our editorial, which appeared in the Commercial-Argus last Friday, commenting upon the case made against one J. T. Eaton by his intermeddling neighbors for work-ing on Sunday. "With all due respect to the superior grace and wis-dom of our critics, we have nothing to retract nor even modify in the article denounced. "We said that so far as violating the State law, Mr. Eaton was amenable to the state courts and might be punished, but so far as violating an ordinance of the living God, that was a matter with which the courts should have nothing to do. "The Constitution of the United States, evolved out of the wisdom of the fathers who framed the original laws of the land, wisely prohibited the prosecution of a citizen because of his religious opinions, but left every man free to worship God in his own way and according to his own conscience. "In this particular case Mr. Eaton was conscientious in his beliefŠand there are thousands of others of the same faithŠthat the Sabbath consecrated by God as a day of rest was the seventh day of the week; the day upon which God rested from the work of creation and which He commanded men to observe and to keep holy, and as such he and his family observed it, doing no manner of work upon that day but keeping it sacred, if not holy. "This other Sunday, the first day of the week, or-dained by man, he does not believe in, but being a law-abiding man, it should have challenged his obedience however much it might fail in appealing to his sense of duty to his God. "It is an unreasonable and unjust-  law, and ought to be repealed. "It is just such laws and the bigoted spirit that insists upon their enforcement that is causing some of the most advanced thinkers to doubt the truth of the Christian religion. . . . "What we meant in our defense of Mr. Eaton was not to encourage him in the breaking of the law, but to exculpate him from any violation of the law of God. He obeyed the dictates of his conscience when he observed the seventh day, Saturday, with religious scruples, and felt no moral obligation to observe the legal Sabbath." Upon just one point the position of the Argus is open to criticism: the Sunday law must fail to challenge the obedience of seventh day observers, for the simple reason that a law requiring the sanctification of the seventh day of the week is by the nature of the case directly op-posed to a law requiring the sanctification of the first day, and to observe both is an impossibility. The sev- 