132 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Be pure and ,ou may be good, but you won't have .half so much fun," is the text from which it has taught many a lesson in its effort to meet the influence of the Word which makes clean; and even men who have pro-fessed to be Christians have laughed out loudly and mer-'rily at the aptness of the application. The Second Organized Effort Against God's Kingdom. ACCORDING to the Word of God (Gen. 15:13-16), the _need of Abraham was released from Egyptian bondage -and persecution, to be returned to the land of promise. From the very beginning of the journey thither, the mighty hand of Jehovah was miraculously manifested -in behalf of that seed, to preserve it from danger and death; first, at the Red Sea, and afterward in giving -bread from heaven. He constantly gave proofs of his -infinite power to save, that the people might forget the heathen sun worship of Egypt, and become loyal subjects -of his kingdom. On the way to Canaan God very properly set before -these people, who were expecting to become members of his great commonwealth, the eternal law of his kingdom. ,Ex. 20:2-17. To this law they pledged obedience before--hand, which was evidence on their part of intended sub-mission in full to Him who had chosen them to be subjects -of his kingdom. Ex. 19:4-8. Under this national compact, the literal seed of Abra-ham became temporal subjects, of the kingdom of God -established upon earth. Had they proved faithful to their part of the agreement, nothing could have prevented the restored territory from being eternally settled upon -that nation. Like all succeeding generations, however, their resolutions were stronger than their power of -action, and so they failed to carry out their well-meant promises. In their self will the tribes disagreed until two separ-ate and distinct governments were maintained among them. The larger and civilly stronger government of Israel beingseparated from the religious center which God bad established in Judah, they chose one of their own, and thus gradually drifted into the sun worship of the nations by which they were surrounded. But for all this, God did not cast away the people which he foreknew. His long-suffering patiently endured them, until they utterly turned away from him to wor-ship the host of heaven, and to serve Baal. 2 Kings 17: 16. With the power of God thus lost to them, it was a -favorable moment in which to attempt the overthrow of that people, and thus prevent the fulfillment of the oath -of God, that the seed of Abraham should possess the land. As the usurper of the territory, Satan claimed the privilege of bestowing it on whomsoever he desired. Luke 4:6. But notwithstanding this, God had, without his 'consent, promised it to the seed of Abraham, and con- firmed that promise by a solemn oath. Heb. 6:13-18. From that time forward every effort of Satan was bent in the direction of making a war of extermination upon the people thus faVored of God, and so preventing the ful-fillment of his promise. That work began in Egypt by a law of the govern-ment requiring all the male children of that nation to be killed as soon as born, in order to destroy the promised seed. This proving unsuccessful, they were pursued into the promised land and there harassed towrd the same end. But the, people, becoming established, soon became numerous, and promised to spread over the entire earth. To destroy the promised seed under such conditions, they must be separated, and so weakened in their hold upon the territory held by them. Accordingly, in the ninth year of Hoshea, king of Israel, the Assyrian army came and took the people of Israel out of their land, and carried them away, scatter-ing them among the heathen nations of the far East. 2 Kings 17:6. But this was not all. The king of Assyria brought heathen from Babylon, Cuthah, Ava, Hamath, and Sepharvaim, and placed them in the cities of Sama-ria from whence the Israelites had been taken, that they might possess the land. Verse 24. The victory in this case was supposed to be made doubly sure. Not only were ten of the tribes removed from their possession and placed among the heathen, there to lose their identity with the promised seed, by being swallowed up among other nations, but heathen were brought into the Lord's inheritance to change the customs and worship of that country, and to influence , the religious relations of the remaining tribe of Judah, by forming marital connection with them. This was an organized national effort to thwart God's promise on a grand scale. Had not the people of Judah been specially protected, this effort would have been their overthrow, as well as the ruin of Israel. A strong antipathy sprang up between the two peoples, so that it came to be well understood that the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. John 4:9. Satan may have thought his scheme of removing by force the larger part of the literal seed from Canaan, to be a success. But God would not permit his oath to Abraham to be thus easily violated. The promise to the patriarch's seed was not dependent on the tribes re-moved. Judah was yet,left, and from among its thou-sands would in due time come forth Him who was to be ruler in Israel. Micah 5:2. God's promise was not to the seeds of Abraham, as to the whole of his descendants, but to one Seed, which is Christ. Gal. 3:16. Judah was reserved for the territory, and its tribe for the people, through which that Seed should be revealed. It would almost seem as though the adversary of God in some way learned this truth, for in due time his third national effort to wipe out the seed of Abraham was directed against that people, as will be de-veloped in a further study of this subject. J. 0. C. 