32 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORE, JANUARY 12, 1899. THE proper petition for Christians begins, "Our Father, which art in heaven;" not, Our legislature, which art on earth. THE States are quite rapidly falling into line in the matter of passing upon the validity of Sunday legisla-tion. Ł WITH this issue the "Studies in French History" cease for a time, after which it is expected they will be resumed, taking up that most interesting and important epoch in modern history, the French Revolu-tion. AFTER thirty years of American colonial government in Alaska, that country, says the retiring Bishop Nicholas, of the Russian Church, "stands in need of radical reform in all directions." See article on page 26. "SUNDAY laws mean enforced idle-ness for the non-worshiper; hypocrisy for the man that goes to worship at their bidding; persecution for him whose religious convictions require him to observe another day; while they are perfectly worthless for him whose conscience leads him to recog-nize Sunday as holy time." THE United States is determined to take possession of, the entire group of the Philippines, because of its vic-tory over Spain at Manila; although Spain, as is well known, did not have any hold at all upon a large part of the territory which the islands com-prise. In pursuance of this determi-nation the President has issued a proclamation to the Filipinos, telling them that the mission of the Ameri-can army and navy to their shores  is a purely benevolent one, and is for their "greatest good." "It will be the duty of the com-mander of the forces of occupation," says the proclamation, "to announce and proclaim in the most public manner that we come, not as invad- ers or conquerors, but as friends, to protect the natives in their homes, in their employments, and in their personal and religious rights." And if any of "the natives" should be so unreasonable as not to want to be protected on their lands by a foreign power with a big army and navy, then they are to bear in mind that "all persons who, either by ac- tive aid or by honest submission, co-operate with the Government of the United States to give effect to these beneficent purposes, will receive the reward of its support and protec-tion;" but "all others will be brought within the lawful rule we have as-sumed, with firmness if need be [ital-ics ours], but without severity so far as may be possible." Of course, if the Filipinos are so foolish as not to see the beneficence of the Government's missionŠif they have no sense of how nice it is to be told what to do and how to do it by a nation so great and strong as the American Republic, they will have no excuse. They will show themselves to be incorrigible, and people upon whom no sympathy should be wasted. For are they not all familiar with American history, and do they not know that the great power which has come to them is a free republican government? Have they not read the Declaration of Independence and the American Constitution, and do they not know that the American Government is founded on the prin-ciples these documents set forth, and strictly adheres to them in all its practice? And have they not, more-over, heard the thunder of Dewey's guns in Manila Bay, and seen the remains of the Spanish fleet which got in Dewey's way, as he sailed in that May morning on his mission of benevolence? In view of all this, and more that we might mention, what possible excuse can the Filipinos have for refusing to want to be governed  by the great American nation across the sea? Who will say that they ought not, in case of such refusal, to be treated "with firmness," until they are convinced of the benevolent inten-tions of the superior power? Certainly the world ought to be convinced, by this time, that the war with Spain was undertaken "solely for humanity." And yet the world only scoffs at the idea. A CORRESPONDENT in Fort Scott, Kansas, informs us that a decision on the Sunday law of that State is pending in the courts there, in the case of a barber arrested for follow- ing his trade on Sunday. Until re-cently the barber shops did business on Sundays without molestation; but finally one barber who wanted the patronage of people who advo-cated Sunday closing, gave notice that he would prosecute all barbers keeping open thereafter on Sundays; and all the shops were closed, with one exception. The prosecution, we are informed, would not risk this case before either of Fort Scott's justices of the peace, knowing they would de-cide the proceedings to be unconsti-tutional; so the case was taken to the district court, and is expected, in case of an adverse decision, to be taken to the Supreme Court of the State. THE demand for extra copies of the SENTINEL, of almost every issue, has been so great, that we have decided to print each week a sufficient num-ber to meet if possible all calls for them. Last week's, and the present issue, are excellent for missionary purposes, and our friends should see to it that every lawyerŁ and judge in their respective localities be supplied with these two numbers, which contain the important article from the pen of ex-Judge Arthur. These will be sold at the rate of one cent per copy. Wrappers directed and mailed from this office at a cent and a quarter per copy. THE true religion is intolerant of evil: false religions are intolerant of men. 