AMERICAN SENTINEL. 781 Alderman Wall, thit the request of the clergymen, as set forth in the petition, be complied with, and that the concert be not allowed to proceed, and that the lessee of the opera house be notified of the action of the council. The chief of police was accordingly ordered to stop Mr. Holstead and the people from entering the building, who, after consultation with the city solicitor, decided to disobey the mandate. But as is almost sure to be the result of the first wrong step, everything went wrong. The chairman of the police committee knew nothing of the change in the chief's intentions until Sunday evening, when a messenger was sent to him notifying him of the fact. He immediately repaired to the police station, after calling the force together, and forthwith suspended the chief, appointing one of the police in his stead. The performance was allowed to proceed without bii interruption, ŁIle large building being crowded. Proba in no other way could the citizens of Monc-ton administer such a rebuke to the clericals as by at-tending the concert in such large numbers. Notice, these seven men claim to be the " pastors of the city of Moncton." What assumption ! When were these men made pastors of the city? If they had placed themselves in their true attitude, they would write some-thing like this: We, the undersigned ministers, hired by the people to dictate to them just when they shall go anywhereŠhaving control of, and answerable for, the morals of the community, do hereby ask, etc., etc. No; these men are simply what other men are before the lawŠcitizensŠgood citizens if they do their duty. Next; these ministers insinuate that for opera sing-ers to sing sacred music is a "desecration of the Lord's day." Notice; these people sing the same music that is sung every _Sunday in their churches, but the church choirs, I suppose, are all sanctified singers. But even so, why should it be wrong on Sunday to sing sacred music any more than on any other day? Again, these clerical gentlemen advise the fathers of the city to take unlawful steps to prevent a lawful gath-ering. Just think of it! These men who pretend to be living on a plane elevated above the ordinary class, ad-vising a breach of the law in order to protect what they conceive to be a "desecration of the Lord's day." But after all, this is just what we ought to expect. When unjust laws are framed, such as our Sunday law is, there is no knowing where the mischief is going to stop. It places a power in the hands of such men as these to persecute and annoy the best citizens. Wherein were these men's rights trampled upon? If they did not want to attend, their chance to stay away was excellent. It was the same spirit, manifested by these clergymen, that made the Inquisition possible, and the class that prefer a Sunday evening in the opera to an evening in the churches, have reason to feel gratified at the result. We await with interest the next development of this tangle. Yours truly, D. G. SCOTT. Moncton, N. B., Dec. 5, 1898. Notes from the National Purity Conference. BY H. F. PHELPS. Tais conference was held at St. Paul, Minn., Nov. 9, 10, 1898. Although it was the fifth conference of the purity department of the W. C. T. U., it was the first National Purity Conference. There were two hundred and fifty delegates from all parts of the United States. Of these a daily paper said: "They are women who have truly the courage of their convictions. For they have been called upon to demonstrate that a certain sort of ignorance is an unblissful illusion, that to ignore vice is far from destroying it. To these women also is given the evangelistic task of imitating practically the charity of Christ under conditions where most religious women take pharisaic pride, setting an example to their Saviour." The presiding officer was a maid of twenty years, Miss Rose Wood-Allen, supported by Mrs. S.M. I. Henry, national evangelist of the purity department. That the presiding officer was a girl, and that the most powerful appeal in behalf of purity in the marriage relations came from the lips of a girl, was, to say the least, an impres-sive propriety. Miss Allen, with persuasive simplicity, urged that young women should band together to maintain the single moral standard for both sexes; and that they should receive instructions as to the reason, that it was a necessity in the interests of posterity. She urged that the standard of purity should be so high in the young women themselves that they should, and very properly too, refuse the attentions of any man who used intoxi-cating drinks and tobacco. Mrs. Upham pleaded for the cooperation of parents and teachers for purity education in the public schools, asserting that "If the angel Gabriel were a stperintend-ent of schools, and his corps of teachers were the angels nearest the throne of God, they could not counteract the immorality that prevails in the public schools unless they secured the cooperation of parents." Mrs. Isabel Wing-Lake urged as a remedial agent the Bible in the public schools. A prominent figure in the convention, and one that added much to the interest of the occasion, was the pres-ence of "Mother" Prindle, as she is called by the many unfortunate girls who were described in her paper as "poor, stray children, unpitied, unloved, unmothered." "I shall never forget," said Mother Prindle, "the simple, honest confession of a Swiss girl on Bleecker street, New York. 'I only do wrong when I am very hungry.' But how can the street girl best be reached? Surrounded by a group of these children of misfortune last week, ,I said: `My dear girls, tell me the best method of reaching the heart of the street girl, drunk or sober. With one accord some dozen of voices responded, 'Speak kind words toŁ her, mother, speak kind words to her.'" Mrs. Prindle has given twenty years of her: life to. 