A_MER,ICA_N SENTINEL. 503 is parfect, and therefore will allow of no additions. Hu-man law cannot be based upon divine law. Human law can be based only upon those principles of justice which govern the relations of each man to his fellows. If it is not based upon this, it has no foundation in truth and right. I.- 0 -4 ,1 In Jail in Pennsylvania for Not Keeping Sunday. IN the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-seven, in this present month, in the great commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and in a town named after the chief founder of this free Government, a good man is sent to jail for refusing to keep Sunday. In a letter to the SEN-TINEL he tells the story of his experience, as follows:Š . "Washington Jail, August 4, 1897. "EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : At my trial before Jus-tice Berry, of West Washington, yesterday, the charge against me was that of servile labor on Sunday. They proved by witnesses that I carried a stand and box a distance of a block and a half. I replied to the charge, pleading my case by the principles of God's Word. The justice showed me every mark of respect. After my reply the squire said he respected the stand which I took in harmony with my convictions; and, while making out my commitment he said he would be willing to trust me to take it myself to the sheriff's office. When I entered the jail the inmates flocked around me to learn why I was put in; and when I explained they expressed their disapproval,Šsome in a rather profane manner. A col-ored man.came to me and wanted to know if I had not preached in their church a couple of times (stating name of the church). I said, yes. He said he was a member of the church and that his wife had been telling about me and described me, so he had recognized me when I came in. Then the prisoners wanted me to preach to them that evening and I did so. I spoke from Isa. 52:3. They took a vote to have preaching each evening during my stay. The vote was unanimous in favor of gospel services. "The prisoners number in all about forty-two. My sentence is for six days. The Lord willing, I hope to find a man to continue services after my release. "My jailer is glad of the work I am doing and gives me encouraging words. The prisoners are friendly. But I would exhort all my brethren and sisters not to court persecution in any way; for prison is prison. and the in-fluence is exceedingly bad, almost beyond description. One is brought in contact with criminals of every class and description, with their profane language and other forms of vice. "The Sunday reformers put people fu such places for Sunday work. If they would stop and reflect for a mo-ment, and consider what an influence they are placing those under whom they send to prison, it ought to make them shudder to think of meeting the action in the Judg-ment. "Yours in the faith once delivered to the saints, "W. H. ARMSTRONG." The fact that the sentence is light and the officers of the court and jail kindly disposed towards Mr. Armstrong,  does not in the least palliate the evil of the principle upon which he was committed to prison. Pennsylvania has a law on her statute books which commands all persons in the State to keep Sunday, by refraining from "any worldly employment or business whatsoever" on that day ; and to this law she has rigidly held notwithstanding there has been much agitation in recent years to secure its modification or repeal. The lenient treatment which is in many cases accorded the victims of the Sunday law by judges and sUeriffs is prompted by their sense of right and justice, and is not at all justified by the statute. And as mild measures and treatment fail to accomplish the end sought by such laws, others more severe will be resorted to, without any change in the principle upon which they rest; until finally the death penalty itself will be the reward of those who persist in their refusal to honor a religious institution in which they do not believe. All this is contained in principle in Pennsylvania's Sunday law as it stands to-day. No Conception of their Own Rights. FROM a personal investigation conducted amongst the immigrants from some of the more despotic govern-ments of Europe, it appears, says a writer in a New York daily, that these victims of oppression have, for the most part, become so confirmed in the soul slavery which was their lot in the Old World, that they are utterly ignorant of the fact, and cannot be made to grasp the idea, that they have personal rights, which both individuals and governments are bound to leave inviolate. Only their children, born and reared in this country, are capable of assimilating the knowledge that they have a birthright to liberty. With such facts before us, it is not difficult to perceive the providence of Him by whom all men were created equal, in setting up this free Government for a beacon light of liberty to the oppressed in all the world. But is it not true to-day that this Government has 'so far de-parted from the plan of the Creator, that it is most fre-quently the case that these downtrodden victims of Eu-ropean despotism, meet on these shores the same injus-tice and oppression, in a slightly less degree, from which they sought to escape by crossing the seas? Without the promulgation of the doctrine of individual liberty made by our heroic forefathers who put forth and main-tained the Declaration of Independence, and founded a great republic upon the American Constitution, what would have been to-day the condition of the masses of mankind, under the rule of the classes? It is bad enough, certainly, as it is. But when this Government shall becomeŠas it is fast becomingŠa des-potism like those of the Old World,Šwhen Liberty is chained and dies in her own homeŠwhen the experiment of a "government of the people, by the people, and for the people" proclaims itself a failureŠa condition of things will be reached which only the coming of the Lord can relieve. 