189 and he was so cruel to the people that they rose up in a body and killed several thousand French' people and drove the cruel Charles from the island." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE, Demoralizing Effects of War. "The Christian," London, Eng. THE demoralizing effects of war on all who take part in its fierce struggles is occasionally painfully evidenced in the letters sent home by the combatants. We had shocking illustrations of this in published letters of some of those engaged in the recent Matabele and Bechuana affairs. The present war in India furnishes some fresh examples. In one case it comes from the pen of the Chronicle correspondent. After describing the burning of some Aka Khel villages which ruined the homes of hun-dreds of non-combatants, some of whom begged our sol-diers to end their lives out of pity (one old woman tried to burn herself with her home), this representative of Army sentiment goes on to say: "Everybody, from the general downwards, was pleased with the success of the day's operations. A hot bath, the snowy whiteness of the cloth and the brightness of the silver which adorned the mess-table, and a night between the sheets, were af-terwards thoroughly appreciated." Such callous disre-gard to suffering inflicted, in contrast to the glorification of the comforts of the British camp, while those poor people were left to perish on bleak hillsides, is painful reading. Any employment that can thus dry up the springs of natural pity for the vanquished must be of the devil. Independence and Obstinacy. "Sunday-School Times." INDEPENDENCE is one thing, obstinacy is quite an-other thing. Independence is standing all by one's self, without being dependent on another. Obstinacy is stand-ing out against others, resisting all attempts to be swayed or influenced'by others. An independent man is ordina-rily not an obstinate man. He hears readily both sides, and willingly considers them. He may even adopt the view of another, as different from his former inclinations, but he does so because be of his own mind accepts that view without being controlled by anybody else. An ob-stinate man is ordinarily not an independent man. He sticks to his own opinion so closely that he cannot fairly consider any other, in order to see if it is better than his. An independent man is an open-minded man. An obsti-nate man has not an open mind. Independence is quite consistent with positiveness of nature and manner in ex-pressing present views, even though these views may be changed by the reasoning of the next hour. Stubborn, unreasoning, blind obstinacy is never independent, al-though the man who is bound by it often deludes himself by thinking that he has independence. Notice-. 0u4 readers will notice: a change in the, price of the "Simplicity Vaporizer" from $1.25 to $1.50. ThiS.:has been done fol.:-  the benefit of the purchaser, as- on those sold for-the first price the buyer had to pay .expressage, never amounting to less than 30 'cents; whereas with the latter price expressage is paid bTMr. Armor. Please notice "ad" in next issue. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. SEND FOR LIST OF EXCELLENT BOOKS slightly damaged, offered at half price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co, not to the editor or any other it.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious biberty Assoeiation._ Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, 46 Three " $1.00. .52 Ł .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 