THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 309 by the World's Parliament of Religions. Really, the plan of Ammonius is involved in the proposed Parliament. History is indeed repeating itself. What, now, was the result of all this effort to manufacture unity independ-ently of the work of the Holy Spirit ? One sentence from Mosheim, out of many that might be quoted will suffice for the answer. " It came to pass that the greater part of the Platonists, upon com-paring the Christian religion with the system of Ammonius, were led to imag-ine that nothing could be more easy than a transition from the one to the other, and, to the great detriment of the Chris-tian cause; were induced to embrace Christianity without feeling it necessary to abandon scarcely any of their former principles."Š.M. section 32, note 2. Will this result follow in the nineteenth century as welll as in the second ?ŠUn-doubtedly, for the same causes must pro-duce the same effects.ŠE. J. W., in The Present Truth, London. Blackstone up to Date. IN his chapter on Corporations, Black-stone says in reference to ecclesiastical courts :Š Those courts act only pro salute animcc, and their sentences can only be enforced by spiritual censures: a consideration, which, carried to its full extent, would alone demonstrate the impropriety of these courts interfering in any temporal rights whatsoever. Here, of course, the learned author is discussing a condition where there is a union of Church and State, a condition which under the influence of such men as Labouchre, is slowly but surely under-going a change. The language of Black-stone might be modified and made appli-cable to our own time and country. " For those courts (civil and all legislative bod-ies) act only pro salute corporo et civitate and their sentences can only be enforced by civil censures; a consideration which, carried to its full extent, would alone demonstrate the impropriety of these courts interfering in any spiritual matters whatsoever." H. B. MAURER. Pertinent Questions. REv. W. F. CRAFTS, editor of the Christian Statesman, makes these remark- able assertions in a sermon :Š Our institutions are so inextricably entwined with God that no infidel plot can unravel them into sec-ular weakness. Ł This can never be a sectarian Na-tion with a State-established religion, but must always remain a Christian Nation. Not only is the Nation, by compact and Constitution, a Chris-tian Nation, but the several States are equally so. Clearly in sentiment and Constitution at least we are a Christian people, and our duty is to keep it so by better laws and better lives. What special service does such a man expect to accomplish for reform as editor of the Christian Statesman P If the Na-tion is already Christian "by compact and Constitution," and in perfect har-mony with the requirements of God's law, then why are we exhorted " to keep it so by better laws and better lives ?" Can a perfect thing be made better ? This is a strange position and remarkable logic for a man who is trying to reform the Nation. Certainly there is "confu-sion of thought" somewhere. It is news, indeed, that our Constitution is already Christian.ŠChristian Nation. This criticism passed upon Mr. Crafts  by the Christian Nation is both just and pertinent; but is not our contemporary in the same condemnation ? The demand of the Christian Nation is that the Nation shall by constitutional amendment declare itself Christian. But would it then be any more Christian than it is now ? If the decision of the Supreme Court that the Nation is Christian did not make it so would a constitutional amendment make it Christian ? Is it possible that the Christian Nation is beginning to see that all such profession, whether by de-cree of court or by constitutional amend-ment, is only hypocrisy ? What National Reform Really Means. IN the Christian Statesman of August 13, Rev. J. M. Foster thus sets forth the National Reform idea of the proper re- lation of Church and State :- 1. According to the Scriptures Church and State are mutually separate and independent divine in-stitutions. The Church's sphere is the conscience and the heart. She deals with matters of belief. The moral law is both a civil and an ecclesiastical code. In the former sense the State is its keeper; in the latter, the Church. It is the State's duty to sup-press open idolatry, as Asa did in Judah; it is the Church's privilege to enforce the worship of the true God within her pale. It belongs to the State to punish blasphemy, to the Church to sanctify God's holy name. It belongs to the State to pro-hibit all public Sabbath desecration; it is obliga-tory upon the Church to consecrate the day to God. The State must crush polygamy and banish speedy and easy divorce and prohibit the " social evil. The Church teaches husbands to love their wivesŠwives to obey their husbands. The State punishes the external act of covetousness; the Church strikes it down in the heart with the sword of , the Spirit. The Church and State are mutually sepa-rate and independent provinces of Christ's domin-ion, each subject in its sphere to the mediatorial throne. 2. According to the Scriptures, the State in its sphere exists for the sake of, and in the interests of the Church. Not to mention the fact that Christ is " head over all things to his Church," it is expressly asserted, "kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers ;" " the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted ;" " the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it." The general truth here taught is not far to seek. " Mountains " and " hills " in scripture signify the greater and smaller kingdoms of the earth. " The mountain of the Lord's house" means the Church; and to " be established in the top " of the one and " exalted above " the other indicate that the na-tions shall be the support and defense of the Church. Kings becoming " nursing fathers " and queens "nursing mothers"refer to the sustaining care which nations shall exercise over the Church, and " serve " signifies the ministry of the nations in providing for her material wants. The essential truth of these prophecies is, the true State will have a wise reference to the Church's interest in, all her legislative, executive, and judicial proceedings. The expenses of the Church in, carrying on her pub-lic aggressive work it meets is whole or in part out of the public treasury. Thus the Church is pro-tected and exalted by the State. 3. According to the Scriptures, the Church and the State will exist in friendly recognition and co-operation. Because the State is distinct from the Church it does not follow that it is divorced from her. The Christian family is a divine institution. It is in-dependent of the Church, and yet it exists in friendly recognition and co-operation with her. The Church will recognize the good offices of the Christian State, and the true State will formally acknowledge its obligation to serve the Church. They may swear the same covenant bond, in which are embodied the duties which each in its sphere owes to the King of kings. The nation and church of Israel seem to have sworn the same bond at Sinai. The church of the British Isles and the three kingdomsŠScotland, England, and Ireland Šswore the same covenant in 1643, " the solemn league and covenant." Our Nation is under as much obligation to acknowledge the Lord Jesus Christ in her Constitution as the Church is in her creed. This declaration is not new; it has been made before. But in the past it has failed to attract the attention that it certainly must now attracts  for the reason that so many people have all along thought any union of Church and State impossible in this country. Recent developments have dissipated the illusion and the people are awakening to the fact that, whereas, they have fondly supposed that in this Nation " the Church and the State were mutually separate and independent institutions," it has come to be really true, as stated in Mr. Foster's second proposition, that " the State in its sphere exists for the sake of, and in the interests of the Church." Instead of this now being a Government of the people for the people, it is a Gov-ernment by the churches for the churches. Leading members of Congress have de-clared that they dare not resist the de-mands of religionists who are clamoring for power; and Rev. H. H. George, of the American Sabbath Union, declares, " I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands." He might have said, and now probably would say, that the churches hold the United States Congress in their hands, for the House has shown itself as subservient to their demands as had the Senate when Mr. George said what he did. The condition of things in this country so far as the relation of Church and State is concerned is substantially the same as described by Neander of the union of Church and State in the fourth century. He says :Š With the commencement of this period the Church entered into an entirely different relation to the State. It did not merely become a whole, recognized as legal, and tolerated by the StateŠwhich it had been already from the reign of Gallien down to the Diocletian persecutionŠbut the State itself declared its principles to be those to which everything must be subordinated. Christianity became, by degrees, the dominant State religion, though not entirely in the same sense as paganism had been before. Church and State constituted, henceforth, two wholes, one interpenetrating the other, and standing in a relation of mutual action and reaction. The " action " was generally that which Mr. Foster says should be in this country, it was the State serving the Church. The " reaction " was upon the Church, and was manifested in a loss of spiritual power and increased worldliness and greater apostacy. Such " reaction" nec-essarily follows the " action " of spiritual adultery, which any union of the Church with human governments is. C. P. B. A Tennessee Paper Protests. THE Christian Patriot, Morristown, Tenn.` in its issue of Sept. 16, preaches the authorities and people of the State of Tennessee a plain sermon from the first chapter of Isaiah. Among other things the Patriot says :Š The judgment and conscience of the people con-demns also the running of trains and the publica-tion of newspapers on the Sabbath. Not one man in a hundred ever apologizes for Sunday freight trains. But trains are run and papers published every Sunday in the year in defiance of the will of the people. Has Tennessee a republican govern-ment ? or are we ruled by corporations ? And yet Tennessee farmers, who religiously observe Satur-day are put in prison for ploughing in their own fields on Sunday. Hypocrites! straining at a gnat, to swallow a camel! The church members of Tennessee are no better than its politicians. They profess to receive the Bible as the word of God, the only infallible rule of duty. But they pay no attention to it, openly trample upon it. . . . The Christians of Ten-nessee, in spite of all their professions, care nothing for God's word. Does not Isaiah describe us very correctly ? " Ah, 