750 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "I have lately been told that one of the pastors of this town said from the pulpit that he hoped 'that Chris-tianity would be forced on the heathen nations at the mouth of the cannon!' This is not Christianity; it is Mohammedanism. I have thought that education would rid the world of bigotry and persecution, but from the acts of our educators I am forced to say education may do so, but book learning will not. "Mr. Editor, I had hoped that the days of Roger Williams and William Penn were past and that we, as a people, were at that place where we did not demand ad-oration or worship of anything, but that a man's or child's conscience was respected at alt times and places. We think it a great wrong or injustice that the Quakers were driven out of England because they would not sa-lute the lords and nobles of that country by raising their hat when they passed by. We build monuments to the dead martyrs and persecute their children, when for con-science' sake they decline to salute our national emblem (or image) by expelling them from the public school. Jesus would say of such as he did of the leading men of his day: 'Woe unto ye scribes and pharisees, hypocrites, for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed ap-pear beautiful outward but within are full of dead men's bones and of all uncleanness.' 'Even so, ye also out-wardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.' Matt. 23:27, 28. "We have always had a great respect for the public schools of this nation, and much pride for our local schools, but when men use their position to do an injus-tice to innocent, God-fearing children, whose only crime consisted in refusing to do that which their conscience tells them is wrong, no words of ours can convey even a little bit of our pity coupled with contempt for them; and we cannot help but believe that it was a mistake on their part and that those who occupy the high places on our school board will 'cease to do evil and learn to do well' by reinstating those children to their places where justice says they should occupy, giving them equal chances to learn with others, teaching all childrenŁ that liberty of conscience is as necessary to a free country as patriotism. "From one who wishes well to even those who differ from him. D. M. B. "Ashland, Oreg., Nov. 7, 1898." Dr. Parkhurst on Imperialism. NEW YORK'S noted reform clergyman, Dr. Parkhurst, in a Thanksgiving day sermon, discussed the policy of imperialism in the light of American history and princi- ples of government, and said some things on the subject that will bear repeating. We quote the following:Š "The proposition is that we turn our backs on tradi-tions of the past and sing out the anthem of our national future in a key distinct from that which has been sound-ing for a century or more. I am no stickler for tradition, but I am concerned that the rank and file of our popula-tion should in all soberness of thought realize what abandonment of such traditions means and what weight of import the adoption of the new suggested lines in-volves. "No one can recognize more confidently than myself the mission which it belongs to us as a nation to render  to the world at large. The principles, civil and religious, which we nationally embody are given to us for our use in order that they may be extended to the world for its use. It is what our nation is, in the first instance, that is going to determine its power to make the world great along civil and religious lines. Hence the pertinence of the expression recently used by James Bryce when he said: The United States will render a far greater service to humanity by developing a high type of industrial civilization on her own continent than by foreign con-quests.' And the words of Bryce are peculiarly significant from the fact that, as shown in his masterly work, The American Commonwealth,' he grasps with so firm a hand the strength, the weakness and the opportunities of the great American people." "There is not to-day respect enough for the authority of the general Government to secure to the negro the rights that belong to him as a citiz n, although such rights were nominally conferred upon him a third of a century ago. Aside from the question of the negro, heterogeneous populations are pouring in upon us from all parts of the globe, and we cannot keep up with them, great, undigested masses of foreign stuff here that are no more American in their appreciations and sym-pathies than the day they were born in Italy, Ireland, Poland, Russia, or out in the great East. " What are our labor people thinking about that they are not rising up in protest from one end of the land to the other against swinging wide open the flood gates of cheap immigration? These things are not un-derstand yet by the masses of our population, and the masses of our population have a right to understand them. You shut out the Chinese because you don't want cheap labor and bad morals, but send cards of invitation to the Malays. Are you going to treat them as captives, shoot them down if they undertake to leave the islands on a visit to the home government? Then what becomes of the vaunted spirit of American institutions and of such principles so dear for one hundred years to the American heart as that all men are created free and equal, or that little apothegm of ours that governments shall derive their just powers from the consent of the governed; or did Dewey's guns that knocked the Span-ish flag to pieces blow up also the Declaration of Inde-pendence?" " When a nation takes what is not its own, we call it enlarging the sphere of its influence. When an indi-vidual does that we call him a thief. Perhaps the two are essentially different, but there is an unwholesome impression left upon the public mind, as in the instance of the Franco-Prussian war. The world felt that Ger-many took Alsace and Lorraine because knowing that France was so utterly undone she could not help herself, and having knocked France prostrate, took advantage of her helplessness to seize her jewels and rifle her pocket." "It is simply a question whether the Government is going to keep its word to its own people and to the world, or whether it is not. It is simply a question whether we have become so intoxicated by our military success, as to have unlearned the simple principles of transparent honesty that we started out with." " I do not wonder that those islanders do not want . to be governed from America, and they will probably want it less after they have had it awhile. Our policy 