376 THE AlVIERICA_N SENTINEL. VOL. 5, No. 47. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 27, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one_ receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to hfin by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay,  for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AT a Sunday-law Convention recently held in. Burlington, Iowa, President Blan-chard, of Wheaton College, said :Š I would like to see the Christian people of this land stand aloof from political men and measures, until office-seekers agree to represent Christian prin-ciples in Christian government. If the churches would do this, political aspirants, to a man, would soon send up the cry, " What shall I do to be saved ? " No doubt of it; and the question would have no reference whatever to eternal salvation, but to salvation from political death. " THE Evangelical Alliance at Boston," says the Mail and Express, " demands the closing of the Chicago Fair on Sunday. Religious public opinion all over the country is a unit on the question. The managers of the Fair cannot afford to dis-regard this potent fact." Certainly that is the verdict of " religious public opin-ion," but how about the " civil Sabbath ' .of which we hear so much ? What is the matter with the American Sabbath Union's adjustable religio-civil rest day for the poor workingman who doesn't want to rest ? THE Cumberland Presbyterian, Nash-ville, Tennessee, is credited with the fol-lowing concerning Sunday and the World's Fair :Š We heartily join the protest against the proposi-tion to keep open the coming World's Fair at Chi-cago on Sundays. It may be that these protests and petitions can be made emphatic and over-whelming enough to prevent this contemplated insult to the Christian religion, this formal abolition of the Sabbath, for it will-amount to that. What a confession for a Christian paper ! That which it sets forth as a divine insti- tution, dependent upon the action of the Commissioners of the World's Fair! But bad as this is it is not all that the Presby- terian says Those who are to decide the matter are supposed to be Christian men, and they may respect the united voice of Christian people. But to make our.  protests certainly effective they should carry with' them something more than words. Make it certain that a Sabbath-breaking Exposition will not pay, and the Exposition will not dare to break the Sab-bath. Some stronger leverage than words and entreaties should be brought to bear on the mana-gers. These managers must make the Fair a finan-cial success. The financial question with them is the tender nerve. The protest that touches that will be effective. If we believe in the Sabbath strongly enough to demand its preservation, to boy- cott a fair that refuses to preserve it, it will be preserved.  thismm eans anything, it means, taken in connection, with the previousviotation, that, the preservation of " the .Sabbath" depends upon the success of a threatened :boycott ! A LETTER from Fayette, Missouri, dated November 16, contains the information that " William Pritz and Robert Gibb, members of a Seventh-day AdVentist Church in HOward County, near Arm-strong, Missouri, have been indicted and arrested for performing common labor, on their farms, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. The cases are docketed for trial in the Circuit Court at Fayette, Missouri, on Tuesday, December 2, 1890." By this it would seem that Missouri is anxious to put herself on record by the side of Tennessee, Georgia, and Arkansas as among the first to inaugurate a perse-cuting enforcement of religious laws. THE Chicago Times, of the 9th inst., says :Š All attempts upon the part of the State to interfere with individual rights are inimical to that personal liberty which the Republic engaged to protect, and without which it would be the veriest mockery. Whpia an American, shall not have the legal right to follow, without wronging his neighbor, his own bent, observe his own customs, do what he will with his day of rest, worship according to the dic-tates of his conscience, .or, if he so incline, worship not at all, and direct the education of his children, he will be in no better plight than a subject of the czar of all the Russias. Such a day will never come. We hope our contemporary will prove a true prophet; but R. M. King's recent ex-perience in Tennessee would lead us to think that " such a day " is not so very far in the future, even in this land of boasted freedom. THE "Pearl of Days," of October 17, has the following from the late Rev. Austin Phelps, D.D., professor in Andover Theo-logical Seminary :Š We live in an age in which individualism in mat-ters of religion has run wild. The waning of au-thority in the Church has carried with it, on the downward grade, the restrictive duties and court-esies of Christian morals which were once subject to the common conscience of believers, in which now every one does that which is right in his own eyes. The " Pearl of Days " does not point out the moral, but as the subject of the Doc-tor's paper, from which these words are taken, was Sunday observance, we presume our contemporary thinks that the State should break down this individualism by civil law and establish a standard for Sun-day keeping. Certain it is that the whole work, of the Sabbath Union is opposed to individualism. But unlike other systems of religion, Christianity seeks to develop individual character. It teaches men to be men, and to do that which they regard as right, whether others do it or not, It  will be a sad day for both the Church and the country when the power of the State is successfully invoked to destroy this in-dividualism, -and to bring all to a common gtaaidard regardless of their convictions. Ł,110-Ł  MR. CRAFTS. says :Š It is admitted, by our opponent, that it is the province of civil' law to enforce man's duties to man, and especially to punish crime against man. It is exactly on this ground that Sunday laws forbid Sunday work and Sunday dissipation, namely, as crime against man. It is grand larceny to take away the toiler's weekly rest day. Ceaseless toil is slow murder. What is it then to imprison men and take away from them by fines and costs the fruits of their labor for quietly work-ing from, choice on their own premises on Sunday, and that after having conscien-tiously observed another day as they be-lieved in obedience to the law of God ? This has been done repeatedly in several States, and laws which make such things possible are still on the statute books of more than one commonwealth. , It is a crime against natural rights to rob a man of anything, therefore Mr. Crafts should beware of robbing men of the right to labor on Sunday if they choose so to do. Those who want to keep Sunday have just the same right to keep it that others have not to keep it, but no more. OF the " Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-sity," a California paper says :Š The articles of endowment prohibit sectarianism and direct that there shall be taught that there is an all-wise intelligent God, and that the soul is im-mortal. The sexes will be admitted to equal privi-leges in every department of study, and preparatory schools will be established for children to bring them up to the standard required for entering upon the University course. We have no fault to find with this; Senator Stanford has established and en-dowed the University as a monument to his dead son whose name it bears, and he has a perfect right to have taught in it whatever he sees fit; but the proposed in-struction is not unsectarian. Tens of thousands of Christians in the United States do not believe in the natural im-mortality of the soul, but that immortality is the gift of God, and that it is received only as a gift. The doctrine of the im-mortality of the soul is sectarian. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as rega*,rds religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious, It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY., PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, BOND STREET, NE* Yoag. 