qual and &xactJustire to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, fZeligious or Political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 13, 1892. NUMBER 40. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEn. THE October Forum has an article by Bishop Potter on " Sunday and the Co-lumbian Exposition " which is attracting considerable attention, both because of the prominence of the writer in the re-ligious world, and because of the views set forth in the article. Š0Š BISHOP POTTER is a believer in Sunday sacredness, though he does not base the observance of the day upon the fourth commandment, as does the American Sab-bath Union. He says : " We shall get a good Sunday in America when men learn to recognize its meaning and its usesŠnot when we have closed all the door's which, if open, might help to teach them that lesson." Š0Š THE Bishop's meaning will be made plain by a further quotation, as follows : " It would seem as if the door of a library were one of the doors; the door of a well-arranged and well-equipped museum, an-other; the door of a really worthy picture-gallery still another." All these exist, the writer argues, ." for their enlighten-ing, refining, and instructive influence." " This," says the Bishop, " would seem to indicate that, consistently with the scrupulous observance of Sunday as a day of rest, a great assemblage of the achieve-ments of human art and industry might wisely be made a silent school-room of the progress of human civilization." Š0Š SETTING forth his views further, the Bishop says :Š Let the Columbian Exposition proclaim by the hush of all its varied traffic and machineryŠ no wheel turning, no engine moving, no booth or counter open to buyer or seller, no sign or sound of business through all its long avenues, and, better still, by its doors closed till the morn-ing hours of every Sunday are endedŠthat the American people believe in a day of rest. But if there be those who would later seek its pre-cincts to look, it may be, more closely at the handiwork of man, to study the progress of the race in the story of its artistic and industrial and mechanical achievements, and to recognize thus; it may easily be, in the study of such achievements, with Job, that "there is a spirit in man, and that the inspiration of the Almighty giveth him under-standing "Šthat certainly can be no unworthy use of some hours of our America's rest-day. Š0Š COMMENTING upon Bishop Potter's arti-cle, the Christian Union remarks that his " is a somewhat idealized picture of the Exposition as it will actually appear if opened on Sunday afternoons and even-ings; but not so idealized as the contrasted picture which imagination has sometimes painted, of a day of perfect rest and of all the sight-seers reverently attending pub- lic worship or spending the hours quietly in meditation and religious reading." THE Christian Union continues :Š Bishop Potter's view is that which we have from the first advocatedŠan opening of the edu-cational and a closing of the commercial side of the Fair. In our judgment, Bishop Potter more correctly represents the sober second thought of the thoughtful portion of the American people than does the more rigorous measure involved in the condition of absolute closing affixed by Con-gress to its appropriation ; and such a condition as he somewhat too ideally pictures would be a far better testimony to a true Sunday observance than a drastic law closing the park, w hich has hereto-fore always been open to the people, and shutting them out absolutely for the entire day from a view of " this great assemblage of the achievements of human art and industry." Š0Š IN the past the advocates of Sunday closing have been wont to brand all who disagreed with them as "infidels," "foes of Christianity," " allies of the saloons," etc., but in the face of such utterances as these just quoted. from Bishop Potter and from the Christian Union, they must ad-mit that even the so-called orthodox min-istry and the religious press are not a  unit on this question. Indeed, now that those who favor an open Fair on Sunday are beginning to declare themselves, those who demand that the Exposition shall be closed, may find that they can not laugh down the charge that they themselves are only playing into the hands of the liquor interests when they insist upon shutting people out of Jackson Park on Sunday. Upon this point Bishop Potter says :Š There has been a very persistent effort to ridicule the idea that saloon-keepers and their like, and worse, in Chicago, would be friendly to the closing of the Exposition on Sunday, since it would force the crowds of idle strangers into their doorsŠeither front or rear. But such ridicule is very ill-timed in view of facts that are abundantly well known as to the use that people shut out from the Exposition made of their Sunday afternoons in Philadelphia. It may indeed be urged by those who are contending for the closing of the Exposi-tion throughout Sunday that they are not respon-sible for what people do with themselves so long as they keep them out of the Exposition. But it would seem as if it might with some pertinency be retorted that if they are simply devoting them-selves to a work of exclusion, it would be better worth while to shut up some other doors before they troubled themselves to close those of the Ex-position. Š0-- BUT while Bishop Potter and very many more who are fully as much en-titled to be called Christians as are those self-appointed guardians of morals, the American Sabbath Unionists, advocate an open Fair, they do not touch the real prin-ciple involved in the controversy. None of them deny the right of the State to reg-ulate such matters; none of them take the position that Congress had no right to legislate upon the subject, because the matter of the observance or non-observ-ance of Sunday is a religious question to be settled by each individual for himself. In fact they all tacitly admit that it is a proper subject of legislation. Indeed, even Bishop Potter's article does not rise above the dignity of a mere apology for Sunday opening. He simply urges that an open Exposition, with its commercial side closed, is not inconsistent with proper Sunday observance. He might have said with much more force that the action of 