2 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ogy is the science concerning God. To 'establish a national theology is to create a national god ; and the enforced service and worship of that god will logically and certainly follow. For as soowas that bill should, become a law, then a contention would, arise among all the leading sects in the land; to decide which of _them should teach and represent the " Christian theol-ogy " required. 6. Several bills greatly enlarging the number of chaplains in the Army, It is true that, in defiance of the Constitution and of the principles of the Government, chaplains have been employed all these years. Yet in connection with all the other efforts to make religion an essential element in the Government, this is sig-nificant enough to deserve mention in this list. It is difficult to conceive how the Constitution could be more openly disre-garded than it is and always has been in the appointment of chaplains. The Con-stitution declares that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the Gov-ernment," while for the office of chaplain religion is the very qualification that is required, and specifically the Christian religion at that. 7. Appropriations of public money for religious uses. We have given in full the facts and the items which show that more than $600,000 is given annually by the.  Government to certain churches, to be used by those churches in teaching their own church doctrines to their own church members and adherents. We have given the items which show that these appro-priations, begihning with the fiscal year of 1885-86, with only a little more than $227,000, grew so rapidly that for the fiscal year of 1890-91, the sum was more than $604,000. Thus in five years, increas-ing by two and two-third times the amount with which the appropriations started. We have given the facts which show that by this means the church power has al-ready secured such a hold upon the Gov-ernment that it is found impossible to shake it off: These are the measures that are now actually framed in legislative proposals, and are to-day pending in CongressŠthe last two of them actually in 'force. There is another measure, which, although not yet introduced in Congress, is so far on the way that it is proper to mention it in this list. That is, the Constitutional Amendment-proposed by the National League for- the Protection of American Institutions. This measure in its intent means all that any one of the others does; but it is so framed as to convey the impression that it is not only a safe but a necessary measure. Now any one of these taken alone, in itself and in the intent with which it is proposed, means only a union of Church and State. How much more then do they mean this when they are all taken to-gether. And yet how much more do they  mean it, when they must not only be all taken together, but in addition must be taken with the solid support of the National Reform Association, the Woman's Ohris-tian Temperance Union, the American Sabbath Union, the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, and the great majority of the churches as such. All these are measures of national in-terest and import, to say nothing at all of the different movements in different States, in the same line. We haVe not space for more than the mere mention of the persecutions being carried on in Ten-nessee and Missouri; and of the anxious hope in other States that the like opportu-nity may soon be enjoyed there. These are facts that ought to arouse to the most active opposition every one in the Nation who has any regard for the rights of conscience, or respect for the genuine principles of our Government. But will they? that is the question. Many times have we asked whether the Ameri-can people will awake before it is too late; but we have now about come to the con-clusion that they will not awake either before or after it is too late. This how-ever is a matter of their own free choice. We would not compel them to awake if we could. Their freedom of choice is for-ever and sacredly their own. If they choose to see no danger in any or all of these things, that is their right. - THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, however, will continue to warn all of the danger there is in these things which have already arisen, and faithfully call attention to others as they arise. This is what THE SENTINEL lives for. This is what it was established for. It has had plenty of it to do so far, and will never have less. Therefore, with implicit confidence in the justice, the righteousness, and the necessity of our cause, we enter with re-newed courage upon the larger work that is before us in the year which begins with this New Year's number. A. T. J. Sunday-Law Doctrine. IF Col. Elliot F. Shepard were but him-self alone, what he says would amount to no more than so much thin air, but-when he speaks as President of the American Sabbath Union, an organization which is doing all within its power, and that is much, to secure the enactment and en-forcement not only of Sunday laws-but of all laws upon a religious basis, then his words mean a good deal and are worth bearing in mind, for in such a case words which in themselves might be counted as the height of absurdity, become the expression of most dangerous doctrine. Backed by the power which this organiza-tion is reaching the theory which is advo-cated, would create nothing short of a reign of terror, Some time ago, Mr. Shepard made a speech in Williamsburgh,  Long Island, as President of the American Sabbath Union, and in advocacy of Sun-day laws. He denounced "the soul-de-stroying practice of riding to church on Sunday," and declared that worshipers onglitlo- move to a place within walking distance rather than ride, and if they .could-not move near enough to the church to which they belong theni they ought to walk tp_thechurch that is nearest to where they do liVe. But  the worst part of his speech was the following :Š All Our, Legislatures should be instructed to base the law; upon the ten commandments. Idolatry as I well as stealing should be made a crime. That would make the ChineSe go. The injUnction, ' Thou shalt not kill' should be applicable to people who slowly Ł kill themselves by not resting upon the Sabbath. According to this theory, which is thor-oughly believed by Mr. Shepard and the other workers for Sunday laws, whoever works on Sunday is guilty of the crime of murder, and should be punished as a murderer. According to the same theory, the enforcement of the commandment against idolatry would not only make the Chinese go but would punish the covetous man ; for, says the Scripture, " covetous-ness is idolatry." But to detect covetous. ness it would be necessary to have an investigation of the condition of the mind and heart of the individual. And all this is to be done by the State out of a fatherly wish to save the souls of the people. This, as everybody knows, is the very doctrine of the Inquisition; as we have often shown the Inquisition is insep-arable from the theory of Sunday laws and of religious legislation. A. T. J. The Rights of Conscience. THE Truth Seeker appears to misappre-hend our position upon the rights of con- science. Some weeks ago, in answer to a question, we made the following statement concerning seventh-day Christians who oppose Sunday laws :Š They oppose, not rightful authority, but a most unwarranted usurpation by the State of power that belongs alone to God. They "render to Csar the things that are Cmsar's, and to God the things that are God's," and refuse to obey the State only when, like the magistrates referred to in Acts 4:5-19, it commands that which involves the violation of the law of God. We utterly repudiate the pagan theory that the State is supreme in all things. This, the Truth Seeker thinks, is simply " the Catholic position of the Church above the StateŠthe Pope above the Pres-ident,. the priest above the legislator. And it 'must necessarily be the position of any true Christian church, or of any church or religion founded upon alleged supernatural events or authority." This conclusion is, we think, an error. In the first place it should be clearly understood that the Church and the State occupy wholly different fields. There can prop-erly be no conflict between them, for at no point do their domains touch. The one is wholly spiritual, the other wholly temporal; the one relates wholly to this 