2.62 x ANd8icAN St\r"-iNTEL., liquor on Sunday should be considered "a mis-demeanor." Now -we submit that if that does net mean that it is not a misdemeanor to sell it on other days, it does not mean anything. That itdoes mean to convey the idea that it is not a misdemeanor to sell it on other days, is shown by the fact that there is no penalty attached to the selling of it on other days of the week, whereas there would be a penalty if it were considered a misdemeanor. But a misdemeanor is misbe-havior, wrong-doing; therefore to specify Sunday as the day on which it shall be considered a mis-demeanor to sell liquor is virtually the same as saying that there is nothing wrong in it on other days of the week. We do not see how anyone can controvert this view, and so we repeat, as we have often said, that the great objection we have to so-called Sunday legislation is that it tends to lower the standard of what temperance really is, and tends to make the liquor traffic respectable, thus Making it impossible to gain the end that is de-sired by many who are earnest temperance peo-ple; and conscientious in their efforts to stop the Sale of liquor on Sunday. E. J. W. Political Preaching. THE New York Examiner, a short time ago, recommended that the pulpits of the country should take up as a part of their work, the dis-cussion of civil service reform, " on the ground that its application depends on the principles of righteousness which are based on religion." Civil service reform is that reform which pro-:poses to have all the civil offices of the country, except the very highest, held by the sane persons during life unless by committing crime they for-feit them. This is to avoid the changes that would Otherwise follow upon the change of administra-tion. The movers in this reform have been at work a good many years, and some United States 'laws have actually been secured on the subject. nut, success in a political contest is so desirable, that it has been found expedient, and not alto-gether difficult, to evade the law, or even openly to violate it. If civil service reform were actually estab-lished, and carried into effect, a system would be established by which, for instance, when Mr. Cleveland became President there would have been no changes amongst the postmasters of the country, but all go were postmasters when he became President, would have remained clear through his administration if they had lived and behaved themselves. But, President Cleveland made a good many changes; because, the argu-ment is, that if the people of the country choose A Democratic administration, then it is proper that the administration of public affairs should be carried on by Democrats. Therefore, it was proper for him to make the changes. Then, upon the same consideration, when President Harrison was elected, the people chose a Repub-lican administration and, it is considered but proper and right that the public affairs should be administered by Republican officials, conse- 'quently another series of changes was order. -Civil service reform proposes to stop all this, and 'make public office a public trust and not a re-ward for political service. It will be seen that this is wholly a political question. This reform 'is what the Examiner recommended that the pul-pits should discuss as a part of their work. The Examiner is a religious paper. Other religious papers endorse it, and the pulpits apparently be- ing in want of something to talk about seem a good deal inclined to adopt the recommendation, and to enter upon the discussion, "on the ground that its application depends upon the principles of righteousness which are based on religion." The New York Sun laughed at the clergy for being "caught with chaff.". The Christian, Union takes up the defense of the clergy, heartily en-dorses the recommendation of the Examiner, and says:Š " The clergy are right in seeing in this a moral is-sue, and if the clergy shall follow the suggestion which has been made; and generally preach on this subject on next ThanksgivingŁ day, we may expect to see an impulse given to public honesty, that is, to civil service reform, which will make the campaign of resistance still more difficult for the place-hunters and their advocates." If this question is to be discussed by the pulpit because it depends on the principles of righteous-ness which are based on religion, thus virtually making it a religious question, instead of political, then, why not every other political question also be discussed by the preachers for the same rea-son? Then, how long will it be before religion becomes a direct element in politics, the pulpit only a place for political scheming and the preach-ers become partisans. A union of religion and the State is becoming more and more popular. The evil spirit seems to be in the very air and can be discerned in almost every wind that blows. If the pulpits would engage constantly and faithfully in the preaching of the gospel of Christ, and inculcating upon the hearts of men the prin-ciples of righteousness as therein revealed, im-planting in the heart the love of righteousness for righteousness' sake rather than as a political factor, then there would be vastly more of the principles of genuine reform pervading all classes and conditions of society, and there would not be such =a special demand for the discussion of particular phases of politics. A. T. J. The- Model Nation. A CORRESPONDENT in the Chriaian States-man of July 4, 1889, arguing for the religious amendment to the Constitution, making this a religious instead of a civil government, and pro-viding for religious tests and qualifications for of-fice, says "it would exert a salutary influence on other nations" because,Š " They are looking to America as an example of free popular government. Some of them are strug-gling toward public liberty and are taking this Nation as a model and guide. They are trying to ascertain the secret of our national greatness and prosperity. For this, they look at our written Constitution. Hence, it should clearly indicate that we are a Chris-tian Nation. They should be made to understand that our holy religion is the source of our national exaltation. Yes, they are looking to America as an exam-ple of free popular government, and they see it, too, and have seen it so far ; and they do right, in their struggle toward republican liberty, to take this Nation as a model and guide. It is the model of all of earthly governments, and should be the guide of all, as it is the first one of the kind that the earth has seen. And in their ef-forts to ascertain the secret of our national great-ness and prosperity, they do well to look at our written Constitution. It is becausehat Consti-tution is as it is, utterly separated from relig-ion, that we have attained to such national great-ness and prosperity. _ No other nation ever had such an opportunity, because no other nation  ever had such a Constitution, consequently no other nation ever attained to such greatness and prosperity. And we are willing to admit that our holy religion is, in its place, the source of our national exaltation. But that religion has been kept as holy as it is by the very fact that it has been utterly separated from the unholy State. If there had been here, as in other nations, a union of religion and the State, nobody would have ever seen such an example of national greatness and prosperity as has appeared in this Nation. And just as soon as religion becomes an element of legislation here in national affairs, then, this Nation may bid an everlasting farewell to all her greatness. Then other nations will cease forever to look to America as an example of free popular government. By the example of this Nation, other nations have been carried forward almost in spite of themselves, and entirely in spite of the Papacy, in the march of liberty and enlighten-ment. By it even Spain, the home of the In-quisition, has been brought to the "toleration" of other professions of religion than the Catholic. But just as soon as this order shall be reversed and religion be made an element in national legislation ; just as soon as oppression and perse-cution for religious profession shall be established ; and our national progress thus checked ;Šjust then the reaction upon other nations will be such as to lift the Papacy to the highest point that it has ever stood in. the world, even to that point where, as it is written, "all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Rev. 13 : 3. Yes, this is the model nation. Let it remain so. A. T. J. Sunday "Closing." THE value of enforced idleness and of Sunday prohibition was well illustrated in the city of Racine a short time ago. The Milwaukee Sen-tinel of June 24, says :Š " The good people of Racine supposed that when Mayor Mitchell issued his proclamation ordering the closing of saloons on Sunday, the Bell City would virtually be a prohibition town on that day, and that there would be no drunk-enness. They were mistaken. A larger amount of liquor has been consumed to-day than has been the case when the dram shops were run wide open. On the first Sunday under the new order it was differeE t; the town being quiet as a grave-yard, owing to the fact that a heavy rain prevailed all day long. But to-day the city presented a different aspect. To be sure the saloons were closed, and entrance ,was impos-sible, except to those who knew the back or sid&door signals. But the average tippler pro-vided himself with a bottle or keg of beer be-fore 12 o'clock Saturday night, and it was a common occurrence to see dozens of men going home with bottles protruding from their pock-ets, while others tramped along with a keg on their shoulders. The result was seen to-day. Up the river there were several picnic parties, and the crowds present were plentifully supplied with liquid refreshments which had been se-cured yesterday. On the harbor piers were -gathered from 300 -to 500 people, and the male portion of the crowd were not bashful in pulling out bottles and sipping their contents. In the woods a great many men and boys gath-ered and drank whisky and beer." A. DELOS WESCOTT. 