8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Constitution, in the First Amendment, which reads, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This is the principle of Protestantism. In the Augs-burg Confession and at the Diet of Spires, in the sixteenth century, the true relation of the church and the state was clearly set forth. It must follow, therefore, that any attempt to change this feature of the Constitution, and to use the power of the state for the enforcement of religion of any kind, is a square denial of the Reformation, a declaration that its cause was unrighteous, and ought never to have been. But the Reformation was aimed directly against the pa-pacy. Therefore to say that the Reformation was wrong is to say that popery was right; and, consequently, that as Rome never changes, it must still be right. It would not of course be a matter of surprise to see Catholics themselves contending for this. They could not do otherwise, and still be Catholics. But that there should be those who are professedly Protestant who stand with Rome upon this ground is not only surprising but alarming. That this is so, no one who is acquainted with the history of this nation in recent years, can question. For nearly fifty years there has been a regularly or-ganized associationŠthe National Reform AssociationŠwhich has had for its object the changing of the Constitu-tion, demanding that, at least, certain features of the religion of Christ be enforced by human enactments. It is not to be understood by the above statement that this association openly espouses Rornanism, or that they acknowledge that their work is really Romanistic. But it must be understood that in prosecuting their work they have felt the necessity of, and have been glad to seek, the cooperation of Roman Catholics. Thus a leading National ReformerŠDr. ScovilleŠsays, "We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first Proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churches Šas such; but the time has come to make repeated ad-vances; and gladly to accept cooperation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. . . . It is one of the necessities of the situation." Any rebuffs to which they might be subjected from the Catholic Church would not be because the Catholic Church is opposed to their work. Far from it. They would be only blinds; as it were, until they felt the time was ripe for an alliance to be affected without danger to themselves. This would be when this reform(?) work should become more widespread, and become more firmly engrafted in the Protestant ranks. The abOve, from Dr. Scoville, was uttered- in 1881. Eight years from that time--1889--the Catholics felt free to express, themselves: Ł At the Congress of Catholic Laymen of the'United States, then assembled at Balti-more, they said: "What we should seek is an en rapport with the Protestant Christians who desire to keep Sun- day holy. . . . We can bring the Protestant masses over to the moderation of the Catholic Sunday." On this question of Sunday it was felt, on the part of each, that they could, as Archbishop Ireland, in 1893, expressed it, "stand together in demanding the faithful observance of Sunday." Now the Catholic Church repudiates, and always has repudiated, the work of the Reforination, denouncing those who uphold it, as heretics, and up to within a few years ago denounced the Constitution of the United States. Why is it then that Catholics are willing to unite with these Protestants in the way that is proposed? How can Catholics do this without stultifying themselves in their opposition to the Reformation? The answer is easy. It is because these Protestants, in their zeal for Sunday and Sunday laws, have surrendered all that the Reformation stood for. Catholics know this, but do Protestants? It must be conceded that a, great many, if not all;. Protestants, who are thus engaged are true Christians, men and women who really love the Lord, and who, in this thing, think they are doing God service. However honest they may be, they are nevertheless, not only striking a blow at the foundation of this nation, but, as before pointed out, are repudiating the Reforma-tion. With the progress that has been made, by both Prot-estants and Catholics, how long will it be before the dire work will be completed? Surely not long. WE shall print an extra number of papers of this issue, believing that in many communities where the question of the introduction of the flag salute in the pub-lic schools is being agitated, it will be a good missionary document to place in the hands of teachers and school boards. The price is one cent a copy. Order through your state tract society. 4! -4  Please Read This. THE short-time subscriptions taken last August ex-pire with the present issue. Many of these have already renewed. Those who have not are hereby cordially in-vited to do so at once, and so receive the paper without interruption. If it is not convenient to remit for a year, do not hes-itate to send in your subscription for a shorter period, say for three or six months. We want you t o continue as a member of the SENTINEL family. We shall aim to make the paper, if possible, better the coming year than ever before. In view of the live issues before us, we ask in all earnestness, can you afford to be without the means of keeping in the fullest touch with the developments of the work? We believe the answer will be an- emphatic No. 