232 A MEIEELICAN VoL. 8, No. 29. NEW YORK, JULY 20, 1893. gar' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay ;'or it simply because they take it from the post-office. A Word of Explanation. WE are asked to explain the statement made two weeks ago in these columns to the effect that the Sunday closing proviso in the World's Fair bill "is in no sense law." The phrase used did not express clearly the thought in the writer's mind. The act in questiin did not require the closing of the Fair on Sunday, but did propose to secure such closing by making it the condition of a gift. This was as far as Congress could go, for in no other way could Congress control the actions of a State corporation operating within the boundaries of a sovereign State. The act of Congress did however bind the Gov-ernment, the legislative, judicial, and executive; and did just as fully commit the Government to the championship of Sunday as though in its terms it had been mandatory. The proviso is law, in just the sense that every other act appropriat-ing money is law, when passed by both houses of Congress and signed by the President. This view of the matter is in perfect keeping both with all that the SENTINEL has ever said on the subject and with the legal decisions that have been had, excepting that of Judges Woods and Jenkins, which was over-ruled. WE print on page 228 of this paper under the heading, " Persecuting Sabbath Keepers at Ford's Store, Md.," an account of the trial of one Adventist before a Jus-tice of the Peace at that place, and the postponement of another case, that of Mr. G. W. Marvell. MR. MARVELL was arrested with only the pretense of a warrant. The paper which purported to be a warrant was not a warrant in any sense. Therefore, after taking the matter under advisement for one week, as related in the account given on page 228 by Mr. Ford, the justice is-sued a warrant and upon that Mr. Marvell was again taken into custody. This case was tried on the morning of the 11th inst., and though there was no evidence to justify such a conclusion, Mr. Marvell was found guilty. The case was appealed. The fact is that it requires no evidence to convict an Adventist in Mary-land of Sunday work. The charge is sufficient, and unless the accused can prove that he did not work, his conviction is a foregone conclusion. In Mr. Marvell's case the constable who  made the charge against him, and who arrested him, and who will get the fees, came to him the evening before the trial and said that he did not actually see him doing any work, and that if he would swear that he was not working that would settle it. This Mr. Marvell declined to do, and the next morning he was promptly convicted. Ł Now the Mail and Express says that " Attorney-General Rosendale has sent a written opinion to President Huntington of the State Commissioners of Fisheries, to the effect that Sunday fishing does not come within the scope or meaning of the law for the protection and preservation of fish and game. He further declares that the provisions of the Penal Code, Section 265, as to fishing on the first day of the week, is an act for the observance of Sun-day, but that the fish and game protectors have no statutory duty and possess no powers in respect thereto " more than any other citizen." RHEA COUNTY, Tennessee, is about to proceed against those who do not square their lives by the established religion of the State, and keep the venerable day of the sun, the legal Sabbath of the State of Tennessee. In his charge to the Grand Jury at Dayton on the 3rd inst.,Ł Judge Traynor referred to the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, ridiculed their observance of Saturday, and said that the Mormons might as well contend for the privilege of of practicing polygamy. The Adventists have an academy at Graysville, in Rhea County, and as everywhere else their rep: utation for fair dealing, and exemplary lives is excellent. The only charge against them is concerning the law of their God. What the outcome of the judge's charge will be remains to be seen. THE Sun, in some respects the best of the New York dailies, is very anxious for the annexation of Canada, or, as some prefer to call it, for political union of the Dominion with the United States. Three considerations are in Canada urged against political union with the States : (1) Loyal-ity to the British Crown : (2) Loss of na-tional identity ; (3) The provision of the Federal Constitution prohibiting any union of Church and State. IT is of course the Roman Catholics who object to political union with the United States on the ground last stated, namely because Congress is by the Constitution prohibited from making any law respect-ing an establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof. And this objection the Sun undertakes to re-move, not by showing the Romanists the iniquity of Church and State union, and the justice of religious liberty, but by assuring the papists of Quebec that their province could become a member of the American Union and still retain its eccle- siastical establishment. This is perhaps technically true, but it would not be true if the courts were to give to the First and Fourteenth Amendments the broad appli-cation of which they are capable. But whether true or not, it is a shame that a leading American newspaper should be willing to thus sell the American birth-right for a mess of popish pottage. THE account which the Sun gives of the evolution of religious toleration in North Carolina is interesting; but it is a mistake to suppose that by substituting the word " Christian " for "Protestant " in the constitution of that State, "was the carcass of the last remnant of religious persecution interred," even if Judge Gas-ton did say so. Jews and atheists are still under the same disability that Catho-lics were formerly, and the "pestilential effluvia" of persecution is just as likely to "poison the atmosphere of freedom" in that State to-day as it was before the con-stitution was amended by striking out the word "Protestant." But the Sun's is the popish view of religious liberty, which Cardinal Gibbons has defined as " freedom to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience," Š the Catholic Church, of course, to determine what is a " right " conscience. THE Adventists are building a very nice little church at Ford's Store, Md., and some of the zealous Sunday keepers threaten to burn it down. One lady who makes a high profession in another church said she would furnish all the oil necessary to make sure work of it, or words to that effect. It is marvelous what some people will do in the interests of Christianity (?) and law (?). SUNDAY closing seems about to be real-ized owing to lack of patronage of the Fair on that day. Closed buildings, cov-ered exhibits, and the religious boycott, are strong arguments. Doubtless the churches will know how to use such weapons in the future even more effect-ively that in the case of the Fair. APROPOS of the advertisement on another page is the following note, which speaks for itself : Š " Box 107, Willow Lake, S. D., May 22nd, 1893. " Editors AMERICAN SENTINEL : I sent for one of those cheap watches on the strength of your advertisement, and it is O. K.' Thanks for advertising it. It is not a fraud. `evident' nor otherwise. Those `unfriendly' critics were too fast. Slow to speak' is a safe motto. "Yours for the right, 6 4  WM. JOHNSTON." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In c99  lubs of to  25 : a  copes address, per fear, 44 100 to 249 66 64 61 44 it '. - 75c ‚6 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999  66 64 46 64 - .. 65c " 1000 or more " " "" - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 