Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 3, 1889. NUMBER 11. qc12e An2eitical2 Ser2tir2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTFI, DAN T. JONES THE Woman's Christian Temperance depart-ment of the Weekly Signal, Otsego, Mich., in giv-ing practical directions from Mrs. Bateham in re-gard to the Sunday-law petitions, says: " Signa-tures are most valuable, but indorsements count up fastest." Yes ; that is true, as the indorse-ment of 240 can be made to "count up" 240,000, and the indorsement of one can be made to '" count up" 7,200,000, and when 407 individual signatures "count up" 14,174,744, it is certain that that kind of petitions counts up faster than individual signatures. Yes, by all means, work for indorsements rather than individual signa-tures, for they count up much faster. Ł DR. T. L. CUYLER wrote lately to the New York Voice these words of sound sense:Š " While I applaud the zeal and honor, the sturdy convictions of my temperance brethren in the third party, I cannot ally myself with you, for three very strong reasons: 1. Long observation has taught me that wherever and whenever Prohibition has been successfully enacted, it has not been by a separate, distinct temperance party. 2. I am conscientiously opposed to your proposal to burden woman with the trust, duties, and responsibilities of the ballot and of civil office. 3. As the president of a non-partisan society for the promotion of both total abstinence and the suppression of the liquor traffic, I do not feel at liberty to identify myself with any partisan organization." THE Capital Commonwealth (Topeka, Kansas) prints the Blair Educational Amendment, and makes some very judicious comments thereon. Following are the first and last paragraphs of its comment, which we believe all our readers will say are eminently sensible:Š " Without considering the first question which a lawyer would ask about the construction of these four sectionsŠhow it would be possible to prevent the establishment of a religion and at the same time require the establishment and maintenance cf a system of common schools in which a religion shall be taughtŠthe great question of the people is, Shall we have a national religion ?" "It will not do. Religion is sacred to its pro-fessors; but let them enjoy what they desire in this matter, and employ teachers of good character in the public schools; then public morality will not suffer, and the people will take care of the principles of the Christian religion. There must not be a national religion in this country." The Columbus Sunday Convention. THERE was held at Columbus, Ohio, February 21 and 22, what was called the Ohio Inter-denominational Sabbath Convention, held in the interests of Sunday legislation, and was supposed to represent all the denominations in the State. About fifty ministers were present. The convention was addressed by Dr. Ander-son, of Denison University ; Sylvester F. Scovel, President of the Wooster University and Vice-President of the National Reform Association ; Hon. Thomas McDougall, of Cincinnati; Dr. J. W. Hott, editor of the Religious Telescope, Day-ton, Ohio; Dr. G. W. Lasher, editor of the West-ern Christian Advocate, Cincinnati; Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, and Dr. Washington Gladden. Dr. Anderson spoke on the subject of the scriptural doctrine of the Sabbath and its observ-ance. His argument was wholly to prove Sunday a divine institution, applying to Sunday all those scriptures which speak of the Sabbath, quoting the fourth commandment, which commands the observance of the seventh day, as authority for keeping the first day of the week. He applied to Sunday the passage in the second chapter of genesis, which says that God rested on the seventh day from his work which he had made. The purpose of his speech, of course, was to prove the Sabbath to be a divine institution; but it is diffi-cult to see how anyone can prove Sunday observance by passages of Scripture that speak of nothing else but the seventh day. And even granting that that could be proved consistently, still the query is, What place could that have in civil statutes, unless the object be to enforce by civil power the observance of religious institutions ? It is deception for any advocate of Sunday laws to plead that they require the observance of that day only as a civil institution. If they have in view the observance of the day only as a civil institution, why do they always trace it to divine source, support it by Scripture, and advocate its observance as a duty to God ? Their arguments from beginning to end show that the real object of the Sunday-law movement is to control the civil power for religious purposes. No man ever yet argued three minutes in favor of a civil Sab-bath, without his argument showing it to be religious. That is all that it is, and all that it ever can be made. And any civil law for the enforcement of the Sabbath is only for the enforce-ment -of religious observance, and opens the way for the enforcement of any other re igious ob-servances which the church may choose. It is but the first step to an endless line of religious legisla-tion, all in the interest of the church. Dr. Scovel's subject was our Sunday laws. He, being a National Reformer, and believing the State to be a moral person, of course put Sunday  laws at once upon a moral basis, and argued in favor of the enactment of laws by the State, to apply to the moral nature of the individual, and that such laws have a tendency to make men better, purer, and worship also purer. He de-clared the only thing that tends to complicate the question at all is the question that grows out of the plea of individual liberty,Šliberty of con-science. But the way he met this plea and avoided any complication was by quoting from Blackstone, John Ruskin, and others in favor of Sunday laws, and asserting that such laws must be right, and the State has a right to enact such laws, and if it has a right to enact it has a right to enforce them, and such laws when enacted and enforced are simply laws protecting the majority. Dr. Hott spoke on the Sunday newspaper. The same objections were presented by him that generally are by others in this line against the Sunday newspaperŠthat it keeps people away from church, and church members will read it, etc. The substance of it all was, that all business on Sunday that is not necessary is wrong.' The Sunday newspaper is not necessary, therefore it is wrong. Dr. Lasher spoke on the Sabbath and the working classes, saying that the Scripture de-scribes the Sabbath as a day of rest, not of wor-ship, worship being the result of rest, and that to the working classes Sunday is a very important institution, necessary to their health and pros-perity, a proper observance of which places them in a better position to do efficient service, etc. Dr. Gladden spoke on the authority of the civil Sabbath, saying that the Sabbath is literally a day or sign of rest; and the civil Sabbath is that day or sign of rest designated or recognized by the laws of the State,Šthe laws of the United States, and of all the States in the Union; and the laws of all Christian countries recognize the first day of the week as the day of rest, and make certain provisions with respect to it. The day thus received by law is the civil Sabbath. He then traced the Sunday legislation to Constantine, referring to his edict as the first Sunday law. But Constantine's Sunday law was only an eccle-siastical thing, or perhaps civi-ecclesiastical. It was made to please the bishops, and the day was ordered to be observed because it was a church day, just as Friday was also. So that, in fact, whatever way it be looked at, wherever it be traced, and by whatever means, there is no such thing as a civil Sunday law: it is ecclesiastical wholly; and if it be a Sabbath law it is religious. Dr. Crafts attempted to comment on the words of Christ, "Render to Caesar the things that are Caasar's, and to God the things that are God's," to show how that which pertains to God shall be rendered to Caesar, saying that " if the ten com-mandments be divided into two tables,Šthe EDITORS. 