AMERICAN SENTINEL. 279 been the fortune of Greece; but can Christianity be de-feated? If it can, then there is a power in existence that is stronger than God ; for Christianity has its support in God. The truth is Christianity is the manifestation of God in human flesh, just as He was in human flesh in the per-son of Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus was unconquerable; and God in human flesh is unconquerable to-day. The Christian cause has no need of the assistance of France or of any other government. It never was and never can be defeated. WHEN both plutocrats and socialists are heard invok-ing the name of Liberty in sanction of their principles and proceedings, as is heard to-day in this "land of free-dom," one cannot but query whether the problem of conferring liberty upon "the people" is any nearer its solution to-day, by political methods, than it ever was in the past. The truth is that Christianity, not politics, holds the real and only solution; and in proportion as Christianity wanes in the lives of the people, liberty is lost. 1, -4 Resist Not Evil. By Rev. W. J. Harsha, D. D.. Pastor Second Collegiate Reformed Church, New York City. THE bloody conflict between Turkey and brave little Greece is engaging the attention of the civilized world. There remains within the breast of the most highly de-veloped individual a certain savage instinct which thrills in admiration of heroism in battle. Let there be half an excuse for war, and there will be found multitudes of people who will defend it. Let two men have a difference of opinion or a misunderstanding in business, and at once there is a resort to harsh language, to flstcuffs or to the courts. The human race is far from that milen-nium in which a treaty of arbitration shall be in force in all private and public brawls. The thirst for blood in us, as in the caged tiger, is not dead; it only sleepeth. It is timely to remember and consider the words of Jesus, "Resist not evil." Count Tolstoi startled the world by insisting upon a literal application of this sen-timent to everyday affairs. Christians had departed so far from the precepts of their Master that the Count's religion seemed new and indefensible. So far as his ad-vocacy of non-resistance goes he has simply reminded us of one of the most important principles of the Sermon on the Mount. Just what does non-resistance of evil mean? Cer-tainly not that we should cultivate a mean and despic-able spirit of soft acquiesgence when we are kicked or defrauded. The Christian is not required to refrain from proper defence of self, property and loved ones. Manli-ness and dignity are not denied him. The manliest of all beings was his Master, whose resurrection we have just been celebrating. Non-resistance implies a desire to suffer rather than to strike, to take abuse rather than to abuse, to bear patiently in order that the offender may be ashamed. Of Jesus it is said, " When he was reviled he reviled not again." He did not answer cruel words with cruel words. There was in His heart no determination to "get even" at all hazards. This is the fault of the present. A prac-tical lex talionis is still in force. The United States Sen-ate is bound ,to get even with the President in political affairs. The member of the Church of Christ is determined to get even with the fellow-member when a wrong has been done or a slight given. Too much have we forgotten the saying, " If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink, for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head." We may not all go forth to, battle, but we may all show real heroism in the home. No house so small, no flat so poor, no tenement so dark but itmay be illumined by the light of generous love. Forgive that thou mayest be forgiven. Show thyself strong and Christ-like by holding back the ready blow, by checking the quick, hot answer of wrath. Euclid, the great mathematician, once offended his brother, who cried, "May I die if I be not avenged against you one day or another!" To which Euclid replied, "And may I die if I do not soften you by my kindness and bring you to love me again." This is the practical Christian principle which shall live long after the Turkish Empire has become a thing of the past. Catholic Authority Authority on Sunday Observance. THE following information on the subject of proper Sunday observance is given by the Pilot, the leading Catholic journal of New England, in its issue of March 13:Š "An esteemed local correspondent of the Pilot asks an immediate answer to these questions:Š " 'Is it wrong to play cards on Sunday foi: small sums when the conduct is orderly and the religious duties are fulfilled? Under the same conditions is card-playing allowed in Lent? Is it allowable among friends on a Sun-day evening to have dancing in a quiet way?' "To play cards on Sunday un der the conditions above stated is not wrong in itself; but in the State of Massa-chusetts, at least, it is against the law, and subjects the participants in the game to arrest. Catholics should set an example of respect for the law, even in comparatively small things Card-playing is not forbidden in Lent. Devout Catholics, however, discontinue attendance at card-parties during Lent, as with far greater reason they abstain from dancing and theatre-going, these amuse-ments not being in the spirit of the season of penance and retirement. Dancing on Sundays, without being neces-sarily sinful, is opposed to good public opinion religiously and is bad form socially." Thus it is all right in itself to gamble and dance on Sunday; and this may be regarded ag authoritative on the subject, since Sunday as a day of rest and worship is an institution of the Roman Catholic church. 