AMERICAN SENTINEL. 543 Two Important Sabbath Tracts. In these days when there is so much agitation in regard to the Sabbath it is important to understand the question in all its bearings. The two new treatises announced below will be read with much interest. SHOULD NOT CHRISTIANS KEEP THE SABBATH? Some unanswerable arguments in reply to Rev. R. A Torry's pamphlet entitled.  "Ought Christians to Keep the Sabbath?" WORDS OF TRUTH, No. 20. Price $2.00 per hundred. THE SEAL OF GOD AND ITS COUNTERFEIT. A clear, concise, and scriptural argument showing what is God's seal and what is its counterfeit. BIBLE STUDENTS LIBRARY, No. 157. 32 Pages, Illustrated. $2.00 per hundred. Books That Parents Need. Every parent with young children should have the instruction which these little books contain. ALI1OST A rIAN-7 A frank talk to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad concerning himself, purely, yet with scien- tific accuracy: Price, postpaid, - - 25c. ALflOST A W0f1ANI.,\ffe— Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wo-manhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction; they neglect this duty and invalidism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary in-struction, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. CHILD CONFIDENCE REWARDED. A little booklet which demonstrates the practical value of teaching to children the truth regarding the 4 origin of life. Ł Price, postpaid, - - 10c. One of many testimonials:- 1103) children, and developing boys and girls, and my Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading "Almost a Man," "Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my 10) thoughts are higher."ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Address, 8 . Ł Eieefe:*SeriKiE:=CCC.:eeeetafieeeelil.X:CCC1:4:1::::: jpa  Heralds of the Morning, OR The meaning of the Social and Political Ques- tions of to-day, and the significance of Phenomena in Nature. at T It deals not only with the money question, but with the egi rapid development of the military spirit, the wonderful inven- i.  . tions of recent years, the blindness of so-called justice, the curse of immorality, terrible storms, and a variety of other topics. M 2 I Book of Thrilling Interest, 2  More than a hundred attractive illustrations, of which the following are a few from one chap-ter:Š Battle of Manila Bay, May 1, 1898. Blowing up of the Maine. Battle of Santiago, July 3, 1898. (Showing chase of Spanish lieet.) The British Navy-30 miles in length.  Battle Ship Iowa. NEARLY 300 PA...G-1E1B. Price, Postpaid, Cloth, Plain Edges, - $1.25. 66 46 66 Gilt " - 1.50. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. 4 4 4 4 4 414** PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 42_ 39 Bond Street, New York City. ' 4041414.410.44.44 and up to date in every respect. 