98 AMERICAN SENTINEL. by its divine Author, and that cannot be affected by anything that man may do. The only other way in which the sacredness of the Sabbath can be concerned is in the keeping of it. It is to be kept holyŠor sacred. But is this anything that .can be secured by human law? Can the law of man -make anyone sacredly observe the Sabbath? And has human law any business to attempt to enforce a sacred observance? Will a person observe the Sabbath sacredly without going to church, where no circumstances prevent him from doing so? And if a sacred observance of the day is to be enforced, will it not therefore be necessary to enforce attendance at church? And in this, unamerican effort to preserve Sunday sacredness by law, is there not a confession that the alleged sacredness of Sunday is more a theory than a fact, and must depend upon the outward show which the enforcement of law can produce, or fail because it has no higher source of support? Further on in this annual report we find this quota-tion which has been much used in the effort to justify Sunday legislation: "The liberty of rest for each is dependent on a law of rest for all." How can this be? What proof of it is to be found in spiritual or in natural lawŠin reason or in revelation? There is a liberty of rest, and there is also a liberty of work. The same law which said, Thou shalt rest, said also, Thou shalt labor. The right of a man to labor is universally conceded to be as sacred as any other right. It is just as sacred as the right to rest. It is altogether wrong, therefore, to compel one man to stop labor, in order that another man may rest. The right to labor being as sacred as the right to rest, how can it be any more true that "the liberty of rest for each is dependent on a law of rest for all," than it is true that the liberty of labor for each is dependent on a law of labor for all? Why not make one man work in order that another man may work,, as well as make one man rest in order that another may rest? One man wants to work on Sunday; another man wants to rest. Why should the man who wants to work be compelled to rest, any more than the man who wants to rest should be compelled to work? Some one may reply, There is more to this question than the simple right of mankind to rest or to work. The duty of Sabbath observance is involved in it. But who shall say what day of the week is the Sab-bath? This is a disputed questionŠa point of religious controversy. Can the state settle a religious contro-versy and command a religious observance? Has the legislature either the qualification/or the authority to take such action? If notŠas all must agreeŠthen what possible ground of justification can there be for compelling any  person to rest, in order that the liberty of rest may be secured to some one else? The assertion is often heard in connection with the agitation for the enactment and enforcement of Sunday-laws,:that the Creator ordained "one day in seven" as a. day of rest. People who offer this in support of a Sun-day law are not sincere; they do not believe in a one-day-in-seven law at all. What they wantŠand the only thing they will acceptŠis a Sunday law. The Creator-did set apart one day hi seven, it is true; but he did note leave any indefiniteness about it, and he did not set. apart Sunday, or the first day of the week. He set apart "the seventh day," which, as the weekly cycle was, fixed bylthat very act, must necessarily have been, and, must now be, the seventh day of the week. Progress Toward Despotism. DEVELOPMENTS at the seat of the national Govern-ment reveal a rapid progress along thepathway to gov-ernmental despotism. The first great step in this direction was the adop-tioniof the policy of foreign conquest. That policy had to be justified in some way, and in the effort to do thisŁ have been involved the further steps in the direction of repudiating the principles of free government that have since been taken. First, it was declared that the policy of foreign con-quest was upheld by the Constitution. Next, the Con-stitution was declared to be a very flexible instrument-that could be stretched and betnt so as to cover almost. anything. Next it was declared that the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence were "out of date,' and that while entitled to some regard as venerable documents having a historical importance, they could not be binding upon such a great and growing power as. the United States has now become. Next it was discovered that, however these doctrines might be regarded, the Government possessed certain powers which might be 'exercised "outside the Constitu-tion;" and this was soon hailed as a discovery of great importance. It was soon settled, in fact, that the Con-stitution did not apply to territory outside the main-land of Ncirth:America at all, and that in the new island possessions Congress might govern just as it pleased. And so it was considered proper to vest in one individ-ual, for the government of this new territory, power and authority beyond any that could belong to him under the Constitution. Power and authority was vested in the Chief Executive of the United StatesŠthe PresidentŠwhich under the Constitution belonged to the legislative and judicial departments of the Govern-ment; and by this he was raised to a position over the new territory little if anything short of an actual dic-tator. 