Equal and axact ju3tiee to all Men, of Whatever Mate or Persuasion, religious or Colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JANUARY 7, 1892. NUMBER 1. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, 0. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. VETEI Nr> of twenty-five years or more in the Russia " service, under the Emperors ,Nicholas ti nd Alexander II are entitled, by, virtue uf their, military service, to live anywhere they choose within the confines of the Russian Empire, and this privilege applies to Jewish veterans as well as to others. In order to evade this, and lay the heavy hand of expulsion upon this class of Jews also, the Russian Govern-ment has, unmindful of the public services of these old soldiers, deprived them of the right of worship, by closing their syna-gogues, and, as it is a grave penal offense to even read Jewish prayers in any place other than a regularly licensed synagogue, the denial of the right of worship is com-plete. Such things as these are evidences I  of the lengths to which the prom"oters of national religion will go in striving by its enforcement to make theirs a " Christian Nation." IN the published report of his campaign, for Sunday observance at the World's Fair, in Iowa, M. A. Gault says : " We must be careful to avoid the Union of Church and State, but equally, careful to prevent the State from antagonizing the Church. To open the Fair on Sabbath would necessarily shut out a large number of Sabbath-keeping Christians. It would be violating their civil liberty by putting them on an unequal footing before the law. The Government would thup a pre- mium on infidelity awl r none but Sabbath break'. nploy- Ment in the Fair ^ would tstiriously interf erty,  and violate 'the First Amendment of the National Constitution." Analyze this. Outside of the first phrase there is not a sound statement in the paragraph. If the Church is the exponent of pure re-ligion and the State of civil equity there can not be antagonism between them. If the Fair were open every day in the week no one would be shut out at any time. If closed one day all will be shut out on that day, most of them unwillingly. Absolute non-interference from the Government in this matter will alone bring perfect equal-ity, anything else puts Christian believers on a different footing not only from unbe-lievers, but even among themselves. The Government would pay no premium, for as it has no proper authority it would have assumed no improper responsibilities. To avoid interference does not interfere; and to obey does not violate. This seems a very superficial way to make the worse appear the better reason, yet it is a fair sample of the methods used by the relis  gious legislationists. The Situation as It Is To-day. ANOTHER year has passed, and THE AMERICAN SENTINEL enters upon the seventh year of its publication. The evil work, to which it iS THE SENTINEL'S business to call attention, has gone steadily and rapidly onward during the whole year. Although the year 1891 has not been one of so much legislative activity as have some of the years before it, yet the prog-ress of the movement to join religion and the State, has been none the less rapid. In fact, as to real material progress, it is safe to say that the movement has gained almost as much in the past year as in any two years before. In addition to its general strength the movement has made several important accessions. At the beginning of the year the allied organizations stood: The Na-tional Reform Associatioa : the Woman's Christian. Temperance Union ; the Third-Party Prohibition Party; the American  Sabbath Union; and the Catholic Church. There have been gained during the year, the Chautauqua Literary and Scientific Circle; and the Young People's Society of Chris-tian Endeavor. The latter numbering more than eight millions of members, though a large number of them may be just now, too young to count in a political way, will in a very few years be able and ready to bear a full part in the grand scheme to make the religious element superior to the civil power in this Gov-ernment. As for the Chautauqua Literary and Scientific Circle, its platform, through-out the whole United States, has furnished the freest channel and the widest open, door for the propagation of the National Reform principles that has been found since the Woman's Christian Temperance Union joined the movement in 1886. And the Young Men's Christian Association, which has all along kept itself well aloof from the movement, is now becoming more and more a part of it. In years past influential members of the legislative department of the national Government have proved themselves anxj ious to perform a prominent part in the schemo to make religion an essential branch of politics, and in the past year a large number of members have shown themselves willing to do the same. The Independent, of this city, attempted a sort of census of the Sunday standing of mem-bers of the Fifty-first Congress. There was not a majority of the members who made answer, but a large majority of those who did reply, freely express themselves in favor of the govern recognition of the sacredness of by declaring their readiness, congressional legislation World's Fair on Sunday second Congress is largel and its attitude is yet t Until the past year thf the only department of that had been called upc opportunity, to expres subject. During 1891 dicial department of 