THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. It might often be a privilege to an individual, dur-ing his day of rest, to improve the opportunity to per-form some secular labor about his home and premises, proper attention to which demands a considerable amount of manual labor, which the average working-man cannot well do before or after working hours, or afford to hire done by others. But the Sunday law frowns upon this as it does upon the running of a factory by a "soulless corporation." Work by the individual done for himself and by his own wish, is a desecration of Sunday, and must be stopped, the same as the running of shop or factory. Even though an individual does no work for a "soulless corporation," but is his own employer, and considers it necessary oftentimes to work Sunday for the support of his fam-ily, the Sunday law nevertheless prohibits it, that he may be secured a day of rest ! How restful, indeed, an individual must be under such circumstances. But the Sunday laws go still further; they go be-yond rest altogether, and provide something entirely different. For not only do they decree that an indi-vidual shall not work on Sunday, but they forbid him every form of recreation. He must not play any games, must not hunt or fish, he must not go to any pleasure resort (these are all closed by the law), he cannot get out of the city, for all the street cars and trains have stopped running; he must sit down at home and do nothing and endeavor to find some rest in compulsory idlenessŠa vain quest. One thing he can doŠgo to church ; where the average working-man does not care to go on Sunday, as an analysis of the Sunday congregations plainly shows. And this is his rest,Šthis is how the Sunday law provides for his recuperation from the week of toilŠcompelling him to do what he does not want to do, or to sit down and do nothing, when every faculty of mind and body is calling for some employment, as is always the case with a healthy individual when he is not asleep ! What can be more tiresomeŠwhat more wearing upon the nerves and the whole systemŠthan this compulsory loafing, this strain of keeping idle faculties that con-tinually clamor for some form of occupation ? Yawn-ing with weariness and ennui, looking out upon the world as from the grated window of a prison and counting the hours as they drag slowly by, employing the while various devices to "kill time," the "emanci-pated" workingman worries along through his day of "rest" and awakens Monday morning with a feeling of relief that he is again at liberty to give vent to the natural activity of body and brain, to go out and min-gle with his fellow-beings without any feeling of re-straint upon his actions save that to which he has been accustomed as a lawabiding member of society. Of course, the individual who has a religious regard for the Sabbath day and enjoys communion with the Cre- ator, will find in the Sabbath a peculiar and exalted pleasure, and will experience no weariness from want of occupation, because both body and mind are fully occupied in the devotional exercises of the day. But this is true only of those who love the Sabbath, and the law cannot put into any heart a single emotion of love. It may make the day more odious to some by joining with it exactions contrary to one's sense of liberty and natural rights ; it cannot make it more attractive to any. And as we have mentioned, the great majority of the workingmen for whose good Sun-day laws are alleged to be necessary, have no love for the day, other than as a day of amusement and re-creation. Is this picture overdrawn? If it is, it is because the present Sunday laws are not such as the advocates of Sunday observance want, and are not enforced as this class desire and mean that they shall be. When such laws as they want are enacted and enforced, there will be an end both to secular work and worldly pleasure on the day they call the "Christian Sabbath," and the workingman will enjoy (?) precisely such "rest" and experience precisely such recuperation from his week of toil as we have described. In the light of such facts, which nobody can can-didly deny, the alleged benefit of the Sunday laws to the laboringman dwindles to the vanishing point, and the argument based on such grounds is seen to be but a disguised plea for the exaltation of a religious insti-tution, by a means contrary to Christianity and to just principles of government. Let the workingmen have libertyŠthe liberty to which all men are entitled every day in the week, and let the Sabbath rest upon the foundation of conscience and the love of God, where the Creator himself has placed it. s. Speaking in defense of the Sunday laws, a promi-nent representative of the W. C. T. U. argues that the prohibition of work one day in the week will pay financially, and in evidence cites the reports of railway corporations that have discontinued Sunday work. These reports allege that employes earn as much in six days as they did previously in seven, and that as much work is done in the six days of labor as was pre-viously done in the whole week. This is a common argument for the enforcement of Sunday rest, as all will recognize who are familiar with the literature pub-lished in support of Sunday enforcement. But almost in the next sentence appears another argument for the Sunday laws, which says : "Overproduction is the bane of many kinds of busi-ness. Reduce the output one seventh regularly by shutting off all business on Sabbath and it would pre-vent accumulation and bring relief." 