THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 197 blessing. The manner of its observance is of fundamental importance. It must be observed, not in idleness or carousing, nor in pleasure, but religiously in order to be of benefit. But to thus regulate its observance would be religious legislation, a thing Mr. Crafts and his party are re-luctant to admit they are laboring to secure. But it can not be denied that to close the saloon simply on Sunday mani-festly is in the interest of Sunday rather than of temperance. But why favor Sun-day more than other days ?ŠBecause it is regarded as a religious day. Then Sunday laws, whether for Sunday closing, Sunday rest, or Sunday worship, are religious laws, nothing else. The evil of the saloon lies in the business, and not in the time when it is done. This being so, consistency demands that if closed at all they should be closed all the time. W. A. COLCORD. "An Outrage in Cambridge." ,THE Sun of the 9th inst. contained under the heading given above, the fol- lowing dispatch from Cambridge, Massa-chusetts :Š Yesterday the Cambridge police stopped an Irish funeral procession and searched every carriage for whiskey. One Mrs. Cowen, of Hingham, had died, and her relatives in Cambridgeport prepared to ac company her mortal remains to their final resting place in Mt. Auburn cemetery. All the livery men in Cambridge were drawn upon for equipages, and when the procession started from the place where the funeral was held in Cambridgeport it was fully half a mile long. The long line of carriages had barely proceeded a quarter of a mile when the horses which drew the first vehicle were rudely seized by the head, by several policemen, and the whole line was suddenly brought to a halt. The occupants of the rear carriages thought nothing at first of the stop, as they imagined that something obstructed the way for a moment, but those in the first carriages were very soon undeceived. " Have you got any liquor in here ? " asked one of the bluecoats. " Come, Cambridge is a prohibi-tion town, and no liquor can pass through here on Sunday. We have it on good authority that ycu've got something with which to celebrate this funeral. So shell out !" In vain did the mourners protest and call the policemen's attention to the fact that it was a fu-neral. The policemen had been told to search the carriages, and search them they did. They felt in the matting and under the seats for the whiskey, but not a drop did they find. The men in the carriages were thoroughly incensed, and a fight was only warded off by the self-restraint of some °of the men. This is very properly characterized as "an outrage." The Constitution of Mas-sachusetts provides that " every subject has the right to be secure from all unrea-sonable searches and seizures of his per-son, his houses, his papers, and all his possessions," and that all search must be upon warrant " supported by oath or affirmation" setting forth the grounds of the search and the persons or placeS to be searched. Therefore this wholesale police search of a funeral procession was in di-rect violation of the Constitution of Mas-sachusetts; as it was also of the Constitu- tion of the United States which contains substantially the same provision. We yield to none in the practice and advocacy of temperance, and we have in the past given our reasons for believing that the State may properly prohibit the liquor traffic; but the prohibition that de-pends upon such methods as those em-ployed on this occasion in Cambridge is nothing short of an outrage that ought not to be tolerated by a free people; in fact a people who long suffer such things are not free, no matter what their form of government may be. A despotism of the many is no better than a despotism of one. C. P. B. Religious Liberty. AT the present time we find Ameri-can citizens divided in opinion as to whether or not we should have Govern-ment laws enforcing the observance of certain religious institutions. Quite a large number of people wish to see " such an amendment to the National Constitu-tion as will indicate that this is a Chris-tian Nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions and usages of the Gov-ernment on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Others feel, and certainly with good reason, that this is a menace to our religious freedom, and advocate the total separation between religion and the State assured by our na-tional Constitution as it now is. This is a question of great interest to every citizen. Like other questions, there is certainly a right and a wrong side. Where stand we ? "My kingdom is riot of this world." So said Jesus (John :18, 36). It was truth then. Is it not the same to-day ? Can it be any less true now than then ? Or does time change so that what was once right would not be so to-day ? We must regard the statement as Paul regards its author when he says (in Heb. 12:8), " Jesus Christ the same yester-day, and to-day, and forever." As Christ's " kingdom is not of this world," it is evident that no earthly government is authorized to enforce the observance of any duty we owe to Christ alone. Jesus, when speak-ing of our duty to government, and to God, said : " Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Ccesar's ; and unto God the things which are God's." There is no intimation that this is to be done through the government, but direct to God. Jesus nowhere intimates that the government should see that men " ren-dered to God the things that are God's." Christ's work here was not to be advanced that way. That governments are recognized by God, is clearly taught in the Bible, but it is also taught that they have only to do with man's duty toward his fellow-men. Our Government has no right to say how you or I shall serve God, or whether we shall serve him at all. To the State we  owe civil duties, while to God we owe religious duties. Civil, that is pertaining to a citizen in his relation to his fellow citizens. Religion, pertaining to man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. Upon such principles our Govern-ment has been founded. " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." To fully show the position of our Gov-ernment in the past it will only be neces-sary to quote the following as expressing the voice of the Senate :Š It is not the legitimate province of the Legisla-ture to determine what religion is true or false. Our Government is a civil and not a religious in-stitution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely without molestation. . . . What other nations call religious toleration, we call relig-ious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmentl indulgence, but as rights of which government cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small.ŠU. S. Senate, 1829. With this have agreed many of our leading statesmen, as will appear from the following quotations :Š Every man who conducts himself as a good cit-izen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience.ŠWashington. Religion is not in the purview of human govern-ment. Religion is essentially distinct from govern-ment, and exempt from its cognizance. A connec-tion between them is injurious to both.ŠMadison. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the Church and the private schools supported en-tirely by private contribution. Keep the State and Church forever separate.ŠU. S. Grant. Others might be quoted, but these are sufficient. It is clearly seen that these are in perfect harmony with the teaching of Christ when he said, " My kingdom is not of this world." To ask for laws compelling man to sub-scribe to a religious belief is certainly not to follow the teaching of Christ. What then means the present cry from so many of the clergy, for religious laws ? Does religion here in America find it necessary to lean upon the more powerful arm of the State ? If we ask for laws in behalf of re-ligious institutions, it is really an admis-sion that we cannot carry out the instruc-tion of Christ given in Matt. 28:19: " Go ye therefore and teach all nationsp" Re-ligious legislation is always against relig-ious liberty, and what is against liberty in religion is against religion itself.ŠA. C. Shannon, in Girard ( Ohio) Grit. THE Czar has decreed that the pastor of a congregation must be of the same nationality of which the majority of his congregation is composed. This will virt-ually depose the bulk of the Protestant pastors in the Baltic provinces, where the clergy is predominantly German but the common people are Lithuanians or Es-thonians. The law will have similar re-sults on the Catholic churches of Poland, where the priests as a rule are Germans. 