236 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "When it is remembered that the Protestants of Bohemia numbered only 140,000 persons, the addition of these converts is a noteworthy increase, especially to the Lutheran Church, which had hitherto only a mem-bership of 60,000. Some congregations have actually doubled their membership." 4,  Liberty in the United States. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I can't see how Mr. Mc-Kinley can oppose Sunday opening of the exposition in Paris, when at the same time men in the Government's employ here are put in irons because they refuse to work on Sunday. I read in a paper the other day that a woman in Pennsylvania was lately arrested for sweeping her house on Sunday. How shall we understand this? There seems to be three controlling powers in this country:Š (1) The President and Congress. (2) The church and the priest. (3) The labor union. If a man refuses to work on Sunday as did, those on the Government transport "Sedgwick," the power of the United States puts him in irons. If he does work on Sunday, the church and priest put him in jail; and if he goes to work on Monday (as a non-union laborer) then the union labor men crush him just as surely as anything else. And in spite of all these they boast that this is a free country! Yours sincerely, CARL RAPP. Chicago, March 80. Suppressing Sunday Concerts. THE March issue of the Christian Statesman prints the following account of National Reform work recently done in Allegheny, Pa.:Š "Allegheny, long celebrated as a Sabbath keeping city, was recently threatened with a form of Sabbath desecration that has invaded other cities. Concerts on the Lord's day in Carnegie Hall were proposed for the coming spring and summer. When the evil has rooted itself in Pittsburgh, as it seems to have done, sympathizers hoped to extend it across the river. A meeting was held February 9 in the United Presbyterian Seminary Building, at which a committee was appointed to meet with the city councils and arrest, if possible, this innovation at its very inception. The old and specious plea is made in the name of religion that such `sacred' concerts will be for the moral and spiritual welfare of the masses of the. people. But in fact these concerts prove to be in every instance, the enemy of all true religion. Being secular in themselves, they help powerfully to secularize the Lord's day. The word `sacred' is a mere cover for what has as little of the idea  and purpose of the Sabbath as the ordinary, musical programs of other days of the week. "Since the above was written the proposed inno-vation has met with what we trust may prove to be a crushing defeat. The Pittsburgh Times of March 7 gives the following account of this encouraging victory for the Sabbath: 'The Committee on Public Works of Allegheny councils last night returned the ordinance providing for Sunday concerts in Carnegie Music Hall to councils with a negative recommendation. Ł A dozen or more ministers were present to protest against the measure. When the measure came up H. M. Davidson read the ordinance defining the powers of the committee over Carnegie Music Hall, which showed that the hall could not be let for the purpose of holding entertain-ments of any kind on the Sabbath. 'Chairman William F. Trimble ruled Mr. Davidson out of order and an appeal was taken from his decision, which resulted overwhelmingly in opposition to the decision of the chairman. A vote was then taken on the ordinance, which resulted in its unanimous defeat.' It is due to Prof. John MeNaugher, D. D., chairman of the National Reform Executive Committee, to state that the initi-ative which resulted in this victory was taken by him, and that every step was marked by his customary tact and efficiency." We have, nothing to say in defense of the character of these entertainments, because we do not know any thing about them. But the character of a concert has nothing to do with the question of its prohibition on Sunday. Suppose it is not a sacred concertŠwhat con_ cern have the civil authorities with such a question? Do the mayor and city council exist to define sacredness for the people, and compel the people, to abide by their decisions in the matter? Is this the purpose for which they are chosen to office? If an entertainment is evil in itself why not prohibit it on alldays? And how can it be prohibited on Sunday only, as being not of a sacred character, without making a plain acknowledgment that the law forbidding it is in the interests of religion, and constitutes so far as it applies a union of church and state? The Plague Spreading in India. London "Lancet." THE plague has now taken hold of Bengal and is spreading fast. As I predicted there is a recrudescence in Calcutta. The plague mortality has been rising steadily since the end of January, and the returns for last week show 199 deaths. The outbreak in Calcutta has not yet alarmed the native mind and large numbers still refuse to believe that the disease is plague at all,. but comfort themselves with the title of bubonic fever,. milder forms of which they think they have known in Bengal for many years. The regulations being so mild there is no ground for any complaints against the authoriil, s. Should 