232 AMERICAN SENTINEL. News, Notes, and Comment. MORE than half a century ago, the brilliant and philosophical French author, Mr. De Tocqueville, visited this country, and the result of his investigations was a profound and learned work on "Democracy in America." In this book, Mr. De Tocqueville more than once insists upon his favorite thesisŠthat democracy had not only set about the work of conducting government for all time in the United States, but that her spirit was so permeating all the countries of Europe that erelong she would take the business out of the hands of royalty and aristocracy, and rule the civilized world after her own methods. The years have rolled along since Mr. De TOcqueville wrote, but the great change which he so con-fidently predicted has not yet come about. There is but one republic among the great powers of Continental Europe, and it is a republic rather in name than in fact. It has powers of search and seizure which it does not hesitate to use whenever the occasion seems to require their exercise; it rules the press with an iron censorship ; it controls the rights of free speech and free assemblage as arbitrarily as any despotism of them all; and, finally, it rests upon no basis in the affections of the masses (outside of its capital city) which can be considered as affording it a guaranty of permanence. * * DESPOTISMS all the rest, now, as in the days of De Toc-queville; despotisms all, apparently destined to remain for many a day to come. Yet the strength of democratic sentiment has steadily grown ever since the report of the first gun fired with gunpowder sounded the death-knell of the feudal system. By the great advance in education and enlightenment which has marked more modern life, this growth has been marvelously accelerated; so that it may safely be said that more people think intelligently now than at any other period of the world's history, and of those who think intelligently, and sincerely avow their convictions, nine out of every ten are advocates of the democratic theory of politics and public administration. This being the case, it is, at first sight, a remarkable phenomenon that all the great governments of Europe, with the single exception of England, whose position is unique, and that of France, whose position is, to say the least of it, by no, means secure, should be as absolute ,and dictatorial now as they were in the days when Mr. De Tocqueville made his notes, and prophesied accord-ingly. Moreover, it is to be observed that neither the form of elective government in England, nor the name of " republic " in France prevents either country from prac-tically' following the same international policy as the rest. * * ALL of these countries contain men of culture and intellectual force strong enough in numbers, and keen enough in understanding, to force a change in the policy,  if not the structure, of their respective nations, should they steadfastly combine for such a purpose. What is that policy? Each nation maintains an immense stand-ing army, in time of peace as well as war, at an enormous expense to her tax-payersŠeach, that is to say, except England, and what she saves on her army she more than makes up for in the cost of her magnificent navy. Each, including England, likewise maintains a vast array of enormous battleships, requiring to build, millions of dollars apiece, and to operate for the purpose of dealing out death and destruction, thousands of dollars a day. France and Germany, Italy and Austria, rob the people not merely of their money, but of their time, for the work of militarism; several years of the best part of every man's life must be spent in the idleness and.routine of army life, in order that their victuals may be in proper condition for consuming, whenever the great guns get hungry, and begin to roar to be fed. And the people stand it all patiently. Why? * * BECAUSE of the greed for money. The merchants of the "free cities" were the men who at last wiped out from the face of the earth the barons of the Middle Ages. The white wings of the sea rovers were the real harbingers of human liberty. The spirit of commerce crushed the spirit of aristocracy in the beginning. It was a good work for the human race; it lifted a great load of op-pression and wrong; it fired the minds of men, and braced their hearts, and brought back to life its divinely-given freedom and grace and love. There was a great resurrection of the dead that had for centuries been buried in the darkness of misery and ignorance and hopeless deprivation. The Sun of Liberty burst through the clouds of bigotry and superstition, people breathed freely and learned to think for themselves, and to walk erect before their fellowmen. The episode, however, may turn out after all to have been nothing but an episode in human history, and, perchance, we only drifted out of a feudal slavery to drift at last into another form of servi-tude quite as abject and more hopeless. * * FOR what shall it profit a man, though he gain the whole world, if he lose his own soul? Wherein is the lust of wealth better than the lust for power? The lust of wealth is even now, before our very eyes, pandering to that other lust, and the mercantile element in Europe is selling back to the "ruling classes" the liberties once wrung fiorn them at the cost of many a gallant life. The impulse of colonization, of national aggrandizement, is the impulse of gain. This is what induces the bourgeoisie everywhere, to submit quietly to grinding taxes, to toler-ate vast armies and navies, and relentless conscriptions. They want to extend their trade, and add to their riches. They know they cannot safely do these things abroad without force behind them. Savage and bitrbarian na-tions, as a rule, do not care to deal with civilized peoples, except in a very small way. They must be knocked in 