THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 221 party, or number, of men favor dictation, by statutory law, as to how or where any American freeman shall spend any of the days of the yearŠSunday includedŠthey are going beyond the limit of personal rights and should be plainly so told. More-over, we will wager that there is not a saloon-keeper in Chicago who will not in-dorse the above resolution. It is neither in good judgment or good taste, a thing we regret to see in the members of a party so earnest, so sincere as are the Prohibi-tionists. Moreover, ours is not a hier-archical government. It is, politically speaking, neither Christian, Jewish nor Mohammedan. It has to do with temporal affairs entirely, and those who seek to in-volve it in religious disputes and difficul-ties are not its friends.Š West Coast Mail. A "Christian Nation," and the World's Fair. THE inscription, " In God we Trust," on our coins, is an effort to declare this a " Christian Nation," and it is in harmony with the late decision of the United States Supreme Court. Whether the facts in the case will verify the statement is at least questionable. Other nations of the world are invited and will participate in mak-ing the Columbian Exposition a World's.  Fair. It is international. It must appear that the interests of the actors are mutual, and should be considered in all things pertaining to the success of the Fair, and the future interest of the nations con-cerned. For one nation to adopt and en-force regulations repugnant to the others would be indefensible. For a " Christian nation" to take such a course, certainly would be unjustifiable. The efforts now being made to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, with respect to the religion of those who are urging it, can only be regarded as an in-fringement of the rights of the millions who have no religious scruples in regard to that day. They can not see why it is wrong to walk through those spacious halls, and view those works of art and nature on the first day of the week, when it is proper and right to do so on every other day. " To him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin." If Congress passes the appropriation bill for the Fair, with the proposed amend-ments, it will be very embarrassing for those of other nations who have been for-mally invited to take part in the Exposi-tion. It will be hard for this " Christian Nation " to explain why the gates of the Fair should be closed on the " American Sabbath," and why those nations which are not Christian nations should be compelled to sacredly observe the day to the Lord of whom they are ignorant, and whom they do not worship at home. As they see upon the lake boats plying in every direc- tion, weighed down with their cargoes of living freight; the piers all crowded with fishermen at work; the arriving and de- parting trains at the depots, filled to over- flowing with excursionists; the parks thronged; the saloons and theatres well patronized ; and the streets and street- cars burdened with life in every direction, it will be hard to explain the difference be- tween the " American Sabbath " and the "continental Sabbath;" and why it would be more criminal for these multitudes to visit the Fair, or for those who are em-ployed in it to uncover their exhibits, than to spend the day as the teeming thousands outside the grounds will spend it. If foreign pagan or Mohammedan visi-tors to the Fair should chance to repair to the churches, and see the comparatively small congregations, it will be more difficult to convince them that this should be called a " Christian Nation," and they will not be able to see why those who are not Chris-tians should be compelled to live after the manner of the Christians, when the Chris-tians are so greatly in the minority. What can be said when they say : Do these Chris-tians, by their laws, expect to make Chris-tians of us, who know not their God, while there are such multitudes in their own land who do not obey them; who re-fuse to observe their " American Sabbath," and will not worship with them? We are willing to obey your civil laws and rulers, and will not refuse to be brought before your courts if we are found committing acts of incivility or criminality, but we do object to the enforcement of your Chris-tian institutions upon us. We do not be-lieve in them, and for us to obey, and act as though we believed, would be to make our-selves perjurers and hypocrites. We do not know the God you worship, and desire to have the privilege of worshiping as we wish. It can do us no good to wor-ship a God in whom we have no faith, and without faith it would not please him if we did. When another World's Fair at some time in the future may be held in our native land, this Nation will then be invited to participate in that, as we are, now, your guests; but we would not ex-pect you to leave your God in America and go there and bow down to our gods, or conform to our religious customs. You would not do it if we should attempt to compel you to do so. Your missionaries, whom you have sent to our land, do not do it now, and neither have we compelled them to do so. Do you desire us, on our return, to force upon_them the worship of our gods, and the observances of our re-ligious festivals, fasts and holy days? If what you demand of us here is right and just, it will not be wrong for us to do the same with respect to our laws and ordi-nances in our laud. When your people are all temperate; when you have closed up your saloons and grog shops, and cease to manufacture these poisonous liquors; when your churches are filled with pious, godly people ; when your " American Sabbath " is observed better and more generally than our festivals are, and when you adopt methods by which to convince us, instead of coercing us to render obedience to your Christian laws and ordinances, then will we believe this is a Christian Nation, and we shall then know that your laws and re-ligion is better than ours, that you are connected with a. power which can change and affect the human heart, which we know nothing about. Such a God can do us good, but your laws can do no more for us than ours have done. R. M. KILGORE. The United States Not a Christian Nation. IT has been said, and truthfully, that "if every man woman and child in the country were a Christian, it would then not be a Christian Nation, but a nation of Christians." Christianity is an individ-ual, not a national, characteristic, conse-quently the term " Christian nation " can not with propriety be applied to any country even though every individual were perfect in character. And if the  term can not appropriately be applied to a nation composed wholly of real Chris-tians, how much less should it be applied to a nation in which comparatively few of the people are true Christians ? Let us for a moment consider a few facts bearing on this subject. The num-ber of murders committed in 1891 was 5,906, suicides from 1882-1887, 8,226. The number in legal confinement for vari-ous offenses (to say nothing of those who would be in prison if justice were the rule instead of the exception), June 1, 1890, was as follows: In penitentiaries, 45,233; in county jails, 19,538; in juvenile re-formatories, 14,846. The number of il-legitimate births equaled 7 per cent. of the whole. The number of divorces granted for 20 years ending 1886, was 328,716. Defalcations and embezzlements for 13 years ending 1890 averaged $5,314,-458 per year. The same for 1891 reached the vast sum of $19,720,294. Consider also the immorality and crime so preva-lent, especially in the citiesŠthe immense and numberless frauds perpetrated upon the public in every conceivable way, among which might be mentioned the adulteration of foods, quack doctors, and worthless nostrums called remedies, which in many cases are doubtless more harmful . than the maladies of which they are said to be a "Sure Cure." Peruse any news-paper and note what a small amount of its space is not used to report crime, ex-pose fraud, or for a description of some-thing tainted more or less with immo-rality. Test advertisers and see how many will live up to the letter and spirit of their agreements. Furthermore, statistics show that this Nation (which some would call Christian) spends $272 for liquor and tobacco as often as it pays one dollar toward the support of Christian missions both home and for-eign, and that $125 is spent in the same way for every dollar paid for clergymen's salaries. Does this look like exaggera-tion ? Investigate for yourselves and com-pare results. Now it is not to bring reproach upon this Nation that this article is written, nor is it an attempt to prove that it is more immoral than others, for it is not. Neither is it intended to convey the idea that there are no true Christians among us; for there are many in various denom-inations. The foregoing figures only ex-press facts which no person who is well informed will attempt to gainsay. The sole object of this article is to show in a slight degree the deception in using the name " Christian " as some so blindly do. It would be no surprise if Satan him-self should term a nation of this corrupt world " Christian," hoping thereby to abase the name of Christ; but when pro-fessed Christians take a similar course they become a marvel, and it is time to enquire of what spirit they are. To be Christian is to be like Christ, and surely none but the " Sons of Belial " who know not the Lord (1 Sam. 3: 12) are so destitute of spiritual discernment as to fail to see that it would be prostituting the pure and exalted name of " Chris-tian to use it in this way. And let it not be forgotten that the class whose excessive piety and good judg-ment (?) leads them to take the absurd position above referred to, viz.: that ours is a "Christian Nation," is the same that are suffering such intense agony of mind and spirit because they are not in a posi- 