AMERICAN SENTINEL. 219 "By direction and on behalf of a meeting of the rep- resentatives aforesaid, held in Philadelphia, the 25th day of the third month, 1898. "WM. EVANS, "Clerk for the day." The SENTINEL is, of course, in full sympathy with the framers of this memorial as regards the desire for peace; but the SENTINEL advocates peace as a principle of Chris-tian conduct, and as such applicable alone to individuals. From its very nature, depending as it does entirely upon force, a civil government cannot be Christian; and it is therefore useless to instruct such a government in the principles and practices of Christianity. A Decision Against State Gifts to Churches. SUCH a decision has been recently rendered by the supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. It appears, however, that the grounds upon which the decision rests do not deny the validity of the principle of such gifts, and therefore the decision does not bar such gifts in fu-ture under certain conditions. The facts relating to this decision are set forth in the following quotations, taken from the Truth Seeker:Š "In the city of New Orleans there are about two score institutions, all of them apparently sectarian, which have for years subsisted upon donations of money from the city. They have not been in any sense under the control of the municipality; they have been under no contract for the performance of any public service; they need not even report to the city how the money has been spent. Meanwhile legitimate public institutions have languished and the public schools been closed for want of funds to support them. "In 1896 Henry Orr, Sr., sought in the District Court a 'citation upon the mayor, the treasurer, and the comp-troller of the city, and also the common council, that re-lator have judgment against them decreeing all of said appropriations null and void, and prohibiting any fur-ther payment of the money appropriated by the budget of 1896 to the said private, charitable, and benevolent purposes, to said purposes and communities, and prohib-iting the council from appropriating any money for said purposes out of the treasury for the year 1897, as pro-posed, or any subsequent year, and that the mayor be prohibited from approving and forbidden to approve any ordinance making such appropriation or appropria-tions; that the comptroller be forbidden from drawing and the treasurer from paying any warrant thereunder, or any money under color of appropriation for any pri-vate, charitable, or benevolent purpose whatever, to any person or community, or in aid of any church, sect, or denomination of religion whatever, and for all writs and orders necessary to enforce the judgment to that effect.' "At the time this action was brought, Judge Rightor, of the District Court, decided that the appropriations had not been made to sectarian institutions for the reason that all sects shared alike! Mr. Orr appealed the case, and has just got the verdict of the Supreme Court revers-ing the lower. The decision is a good one as far as it goes, but it does not promise to correct the abuse of pub- lie appropriations to sectarian institutions, for- Chief Justice Nichols, by whom it was written, says that 'had the city made express contracts either with individuals or with private corporations by which the latter would have come under a well-defined civil, legal tie to perform such duties for the city, the officers of the city having legal power to exact performance according to the terms of the contract, and to hold such parties liable for breach of the same, and had the city passed ordinances appro-priating money to carry out its obligations toward the other contracting parties under such contracts, and had the validity of such appropriations been submitted to us, a very different question would have been presented from that actually before the court.' We derive from this that Justice Nichols sees no ob-jection to sectarian appropriations in themselves, but in the way they are made. Of course such a decision as that cannot be final. As hinted by the New Orleans Times-Democrat, the institutions will now have to revise and rearrange their scheme of charitable operations, and the city in its turn will have to make provision for the sup-port of its indigent sick and poor and thus meet the points raised by the court. It is plain enough what kind of arrangements should be made. The city should take care of its own poor, in institutions under the sole man-agement of the municipal officers, and the church should care for its own with its own means. Encouraging pri-vate enterprise in charity by means of public gifts or ap-priations is a form of subsidizing calculated to increase the number of charitable institutions and to promote pauperism." Political Scheming in Rio de Janeiro. A FEW months agO there was an ordinance passed in Rio de Janeiro closing, with few exceptions, all shops and places of business at 12 o'clock on Sundays and prohib-iting the sale of produce, merchandize, confectionaries, etc., etc., until the following Monday morning. It is claimed that the ordinance has nothing to do with religion nor religion with it, but it is said to be sim-ply for the benefit of clerks and employes, who were com-pelled to work all day on Sundays, that they might have Sunday afternoons for rest and recreations. The ordinance did not give general satiscaction as it closed many shops where no clerks were employed. A few Sundays ago a poultry dealer did not close his shop just at the hour appointed, and soon after the time to close, a boy came in and said that he would like to buy a chicken for dinner. The chicken was sold to him, and he had hardly reached the street before an officer entered and arrested the poultry dealer, brought him be-fore the court and fined him $20. It was learned soon after, according to the poultry-man's statement, that the officer hired the boy to go and buy the chicken, and that the chicken was served on the officer's table for din-ner, and the $20 was divided among two or three of his chum officers. All sorts of iniquitous practices are carried on in Brazil under the pretense that might makes right. W. H. THURSTON. Rio de Janeiro, March 6. 