"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 42. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 24, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - CHRIST'S KINGDOM NOT OF THIS WORLD. THIS is a truth plainly stated by Christ when he stood before Pontius Pilate to answer the accusations made by the Jews. John 18: 36. Yet, strangely enough, we see to-day multi-tudes among the most prominent and influen-tial of those who profess to be the servants of Christ, zealously engaging in movements which aim to make Christ the king of this world. The language of the Saviour on this occasion was not ambiguous. It leaves no chance to suppose, as some Christians of this day affirm, that Christ's kingdom is not of this world merely in the sense that its elements are not worldly in their nature. " If my kingdom were of this world," said the Saviour, " then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews." A kingdom of this world, or which ruled in earthly affairs, and yet would not fight or exercise force in any way to save its king from death, would be an anomaly indeed. Christ's kingdom is clearly not of this kind. It is not " of this world " in any sense in which the expression is capable of application. Christ refused to be made a king by the people of Judea. We read, " When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone." John 6: 15. This was just after he had mir-aculously fed the multitude with bread and fishes. Then, as now, people were entirely willing to live without working, and a king who could supply their wants without cost or trouble to themselves, was just such a one as they desired to have over them. But Christ refused to be placed in any seat of earthly power. They could have a part in his king-dom not by making him their king, but by making themselves subjects of his kingdom of  grace, through acceptance of the gospel which he preached. Upon another, and still more memorable occasion, Christ was offered the kingdoms of this world, and refused the offer. And that offer was one of the three recorded tempta-tions of the devil. We read, " The devil taketh him up into an exceeding high moun-tain, and showeth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them; and saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me. Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan; for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve." Matt. 4: 8-10. It may be said that such an offer was not one that could be considered, coming as it did from the devil, and involving the hideous act of worship paid to him. But the truth is, that had Christ accepted the offer upon any conditions, it would have been an ac-knowledgment of Satan's supremacy. The acceptance of a gift is an acknowledgment of the authority of the giver to make the gift. And to accept the kingdoms of this world to-day,Šall or any one of them,Šwould be to acknowledge the same thing; for they have not changed ownership since the, day of Christ's temptation. The devil told the truth when he said that the power and glory of the king-doms of this earth were delivered unto him. Luke 4: 6. By overcoming Adam in Eden, he brought Adam and all his race into sub-jection to himself, and gained possession of Adam's domain,Šthe earth. Satan thus be-came " the prince of this world." John 12: 31; 14:30; 16:11. He became such not by right, but by fraud and usurpation, permitted as the inevitable outcome of Adam's sin. Like the existence of sin, Satan's dominion is without right, but is nevertheless a fact. Every sinner is a servant of Satan; and wher-ever sin reigns, there Satan reigns. The two are inseparable; they must stand and fall to-gether. And as sin has not yet reached its end, but still reigns everywhere, so Satan still continues to be " the prince of this world," having the power and glory of earthly king-doms in his hands. And therefore, any and every effort to make Christ the king of this world, whether by the sword or by the ballot, or by any means.through which governmental power is obtained and ex- ercised in human affairs, is in reality nothing else than an effort.to  have Christ take what the devil offered him in the mount of temptation, before his sufferings and death. In other words, it is but an effort to make a friendly compact between Christ and the devil, which can only be consummated by an acknowledg-ment of the latter's superiority. Doubtless the devil is as willing now to hand over the kingdoms of this world to Christ upon such terms, as he was before Christ endured the agony and shame of the cross. But no more futile attempt could be imagined. In the kingdom of Christ, sin can have no place; and therefore the only possible king-dom of Christ upon this earth as it is to-day, is a kingdom of grace, entrance into which is secured alone by faith. Satan and sin can (and necessarily must) reign together; but never Christ and sin. But Christ will one day receive the king-doms of this world and reign over the earth as its King. It was for this that he came to earth, walked and talked in Judea, suffered in Gethsemane, and bowed his head in death upon the cross. He will take them not by the will of Satan, but against his will; not as a gift from him, but as his conqueror. "For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil." 1 John 3: 8. And we also read that he was made a partaker of flesh and blood, " that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death; that is, the devil." Heb. 2: 14. God's purpose is not to remodel that which is of this world, but to destroy it, even the very earth itself. Christ can make no compromise with sin; he cannot reign with sin, even to accomplishŠas some might think Šits destruction. He will destroy sin, and all that is tainted therewith, in strict accord-ance with the provisions of that plan which he manifested on earth by his ministry, his sufferings and death, and which is manifested as yet only in the work of the kingdom.  of grace. Through the work of grace, he will gather out of the kingdoms of the world, from every nation, and tongue, and people, those who will have him to reign over them. " This gospel of the kingdom," said he, " shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come;" Matt. 24: 14. - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 