THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 331 In, :the course of her address, she had occasion to refer to majorities, in the fol-lowing  wordS,' whiCh shoW that she does not— accept Ł the prevalent idea of the infallibility of majorities " Majorities whek right are' magnificent, :but when wrong are. dreadfid." . Her_ address was characterized by a spirit of 'Christian fairness and °honest ..conviiition born of truth, THE, BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Th0 following petition  is now being cir-culateflin the. dity, by the Woman's. Moral .and 14-11.cationalŁ Union, ,and thousands of signatures are being sec  -red - To ;the OonorcibleBodrcl of Vdneation. ,of the City .010icago. Petition for the Bedding f the Bible in the Public :Schols: *I14.*AS, thp..***:thp great fountain of pub-lie and? private Ja0.0.1a,` and contains the most ex-alted litt:rature over *educed ;Šand, tCrii#1*AS," the -effect of reading 'appropriate ex-treAts therefrom; to and by the pupils in the public e*1tL*ould be to elevate their minds, and strengphea, their moral character, Therefore,  The undersigned citizens'of Chic,ago respeetfiilly pray that the proper order may be made to re9,aire the reading of such extracts in the open-ing exercises each day, of all departments of the puhlio ophools in Chicago. The'undersigned regard the claim that such read-ing *mild be an infringement of just personal or religi liberty, as wholly destitute of merit, and insist" liat such reading would still leave the mind and Conscience of every pupil entirely free from any, improper bias. - Name. Address. eft a meeting of the Methodist ministers o 40? 'city, held October 6, the movement was indorsed. Several prominent clergy-men of the city are opposed to the move-mnt, among them Rev. H. J. Jackson, of the, Mansfield Avenue Methodist Church; Rev. William Lawrence, of the Independ-ent Baptist Church; and Rev. John L. Withrow, of the Third Presbyterian Qburch. A committee waited on Archbishop .Freehan to secure his indorsement of the movement. They took with them a copy of a book of Scriptural extracts, which read alike .in,  both the King James and the Douay versions, used in the schools of Toronto, Canada, and asked the Arch-bishop if he would agree to such a com-promise in Chicago schools. He replied that the conditions here were different and that he could not indorse the propo-.sition. They called also on Rabbi Hersch, who refused to sign the petition and prom-ised to give his reasons in writing. Ł Some of the agitatorS are willing to select their quotations from the Old Testament only, in deference to the Jews. They go even fUrther, and state that they are will-ing to confine the selections read, to the Proverbs, that both the Catholics and the Jews may be satisfied. No attention is paid to the views of infidels. Without doubt the majority of those who are agitating this question are actu-ated by the purest of motives. They see  the moral degeneracy of the rising genera-tion, and in casting about for a remedy they decide that the Bible read in the public schools is one, and not following the logic of the movement to its legitimate conclusion, they, with more heart than wisdom, enthusiastically set out to accom-plish' their object: That they are wofully in error concerning the province of civil,  government, 'is shown frOm the position taken by the president of the Union, in conversation with yoUr correspondent. "I am opposed," said she,' " to teaching sec-tarianism in our 'pnblic schools, but there is a national Christianity. -upon which all can agree. The Government establishes a Standard of weights and measures, and for the same reason should establish a standard of religion." Your correspondent is more than ever convinced that THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has entered upon its mission none too soon. These movements are but the vanguard of a large and rapidly organizing army, or as one of the editors of the Chicago Even-ing Journal stated it, " They are the rip-ples on the surface of a great sea." We will speak of the agitation to close the World's Fair on Sunday, in our next. A. F. BALLENGER. He Tries to Fix It Up. IN a four-page leaflet entitled "Sunday Opening of the World's Fair," which Mr. Crafts has recently gotten out, he attempts to extract himself from the dilemma in which his Sunday - law theory involves him. When advocates of Sunday laws are informed that men are free to observe Sunday without Sunday laws, and hence, to enact such laws, for the purpose of giv-ing men the privilege of keeping that day, is unnecessary, they feel that a damag-ing argument has been made against their Sunday - law - for - the- poor - laboring - man theory, and that it must in some way be fixed up. Mr. Crafts, it seems, has met with this argument, and hence, in hi leaflet, he says :Š If it be said that every man is at liberty,imt to to work on Sunday, the answer is that the liberty is rather the liberty to give up his "job" when jobs are few and hard to get. He ought to give up his job rather than his conscience, but he ought not to be placed where he has to give up either. In reply to this it is necessary only to quote and carefully note Mr. Crafts's own words in his work, " Sabbath for Man," page 258. He here says :Š It is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day. He can close his shop, he can refuse to work. Now, as every one knows, there is no seventh-day, or Saturday, law in this coun-try; and yet Mr. Crafts saysŠand is cor-rect in saying itŠthe Jew is left abso-lutely free to observe that day. All that is necessary for him to enjoy this freedom is that he have the privilege of closing his shop and refusing to work. Now, we ask, Cannot the Christian do the same,  and be just as free to observe the day of his choice ? Certainly. " He can close his shop, he can refuse to work." This in the case of the Jew, according to Mr. Crafts, is absolute freedom. Are not the same privileges in the case of the Chris-tian absolute freedom as well ? And if so, is he not absolutely free to observe Sun-day or any other day he may choose, and, consequently, in no more need of a Sun-day law than the Jew is of a Saturday law? By refusing to work, the Jew may, of course, lose his " job; " yet he is " ab-solutely free to observe the seventh day." Under such circumstances he will be ob-liged to decide between giving up his job or his conscience; still he is "absolutely free to observe the seventh day." Now, who is not as free to observe the first day, or any other day, as the Jew is the seventh ? He is absolutely free. What more 'than absolute freedom can any one ask ? Says Mr. Crafts, " But he [every man] ought not to be placed where he must give up either " his job or his conscience. Will Mr. Crafts tell us, then, how he ex-pects to fix things up so that the Jew will not be placed in just that position ? The fact is, by this statement Mr. Crafts evi-dently means that the Sunday keeper ought not to be placed where he must give up either. But why discriminate thus, and legislate simply in favor of the Sunday keeper ? Are the Sunday keepers the only ones entitled to the attention and protection of the Government ? While protection of person and property is de-clared to be the paramount duty of govern-ment, it is a principle of this Government, and all good governments, that this shall be " impartial and complete; " that all laws of a general nature shall, have " a uniform operation " they " shall not grant to any citizen or class of citi-zens privileges or immunities which upon the same terms shall not equally be, long to all citizens;" that no State shall "deny_to any person within its jurisdic-tion the equal protection of the laws." (See Constitutions of Georgia, Iowa, and the United States.) Are jobs any fewer or harder to get with the observer of Sunday than with the observer of the seventh day ? Or is the conscience of one more sacred than that of the other ? Manifestly, the making of such laws as Mr. Crafts would have enacted would be nothing more nor less than class legisla-tion. The trouble with his whole argu-ment and plea for a Sunday law for the working man is, it will not hold. Ł Sunday laws are not made in the interest of the laboring man, neither are they wanted for the laboring man; they are religious laws, made in the interests of the Church. It is not the business of the Government to make laws to prevent a man, in living up to his convictions of religious duty, from being brought into a place where he must decide between giving up his job or 