172 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the past, in affording a satisfactory answer to this question. Again, it seems hardly consistent with the facts of the case, or with verbal accuracy, to make charity syn-onymous with religion. All charity is a matter of reli-gion, but all religion is surely not a matter of charity. Religion concerns itself with man's relation to Deity, first of all, and, as a necessary part of that relation, with his duty to his fellow-man. It is only in this latter connec-tion that it comes to embrace charity. Belief and devo-tion, public or private, are no part of charity. And while the duty of charity is a religious duty, its perform-ance is not necessarily concerned with the advancement of religion in the sense of the propagation of religious be-lief or the support of churches, etc. The fact seems to be that the framers of Sunday laws did not regard these things as work at all; and when they made their exception of works of charity, they had in mind the relief of physical pain, the assisting of people in trouble, the doing of kindly, friendly acts, etc., etc. But surely this would throw down many bars which the advocates of Sunday laws are earnest to keep up. It would not merely allow, but include among the duties of Sunday charity every practicable provision for the decent and orderly entertainment of the poor on Sunday, such as the opening of free libraries, museums, and the like, the running of free excursions, etc. There are many good people who feel that they are doing an act of charity when they combine to send a lot of poor children to the country for a week day, while nothing would induce them to have any part orŁ lot in such.a trip if it were made on Sunday. Again, the ques-tion might readily arise, Whose charity is it that excuses work under the Sunday law? Assuming that it is a char-ity in me to charter a steamer and take down the river a number of poor families on Sunday, will that fact be a de-fense for the captain and the engineer of the vessel, who work for pay as on other days? Could the company recover the money I had agreed to pay if the agreement was made on Sunday? These considerations are adduced with the view of enforcing the proposition that the saving of works of charity in the Sunday laws introduces an element of uncertainty as to their meaning and application which renders their fair and uniform enforcement according to any fixed standard of interpretation impracticable, and would cause the courts to declare any other than a Sunday law absolutely void on account of the impossibility of con-struing its provisions by the light of any determinate principles known to the law. A BILL has been introduced in the New York legisla-ture to prevent the publication in the newspapers of portraits of persons without first having obtained their written consent to the publication. The measure, if passed, would enormously curtail the business of news-paper illustration in this State. A New Sunda Bill at Albany. "New York World," March 9. WHEN Senator Wilcox at Albany declares, as he does in his proposed amendment to the Penal Code, that it shall be an indictable offense to play "the game com-monly knoWn as baseball" on Sunday, we know what he means. But when he also prohibits "all shooting, hunt-ing, fishing, playing, horse-rricing, gaming, or other pub-lic sport, exercise or shows," the average mind finds it hard to follow him. Is all "playing" on Sunday to be made a crime by law? Is fishing on Sunday to be prohibited? Is riding a bicycle a "public sport, exercise or show ?" If Senator Wilcox does not mean what he says, what does he mean? If he means what he says, we might profitably swap leg-islation with Kansas, where they only propose to enact the Ten Commandments into statutes. • •  Ł .4 4 Politics and Religion. "Present Truth," London, Eng. Way is it that in society which considers itself culti-vated the two tabooed subjects are " religion " and "pol-itics?" No doubt because so many people, who are ad-mitted even to the best society, are unable to control their tempers, or speak with calmness and moderation respecting subjects in which-their personal interests are involved, or concerning which their personal prejudices are crossed. In discussing politics it certainly is quite natural that there should be heat and rancour. Here in-dividual prejudices are likely to hold sway and to govern more or less the language and demeanour of those who indulge in political conversation. But in the realm of true religion, the religion of Jesus Christ, prejudice has no place. There must be, it is true, assured and fixed convic-tion. But that is quite a different thing from prejudice. Conviction is indeed the natural foe and conqueror of prejudice. Two persons whose hearts are filled with the conviction of the eternal truths of true religion pure and undefiled, may talk together of the hope that is in them with joy and delight. Nothing in word, or act, or look, would pass between them which could mar the amenities of any social gathering. In their hearts prejudices do not exist,Šthey have been driven out by the conviction and acceptance of religious truth. Politics cannot exist without prejudice. Indeed it is nothing else than the personal and individual interests, desires, and feelings, of different men and bodies of men, countries and sections of countries, brought into activity and antagonism. It is unavoidable that the partisanship here should be intense. But in the realm of true religion there is no room for partisanship, there can be no selfish interests or desires. Politics, it is evident, cannot be 