THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 411, ciate what it is to have a genuinely conscientious con-viction regarding the keeping of any particular day. It illustrates well the truth of the Scripture which says, "The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God; for they are foolishness unto him; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually dis-cerned." Canadians Fear Militarism. A Canadian journal, The Westminster, sees cause for alarm in the spirit of militarism that has been de-veloped in Canada from the connection of that country with the fortunes of the British Empire in South Af-rica. It says : "One of the signs of the times is the marked and quite dangerous development of the spirit of militar-ism and disregard of its dangers on the part of the public. A species of military mania has manifested itself among us, and the distinction won by the Cana-dians in South Africa has fed this war spirit until it threatens what is best and most worth while in the character of our people. There has become common among us a way of speaking about war which is sug-gestive of a very marked lowering of the moral tone. * * There is being fostered in this city a false spirit, the wicked spirit of militarism, which unless it is checked will spoil what is best and fullest of hope in our national government." But what especially stirs The Westminster is the observed effect of the military spirit upon Sunday ob-servance. "It has come to be so," it says, "that neither the fear of God nor regard for man is esteemed of im-portance as against the supposed interests of militar-ists. We are gravely told by a military officer that the Sabbath should be devoted to rifle practice by our To-ronto volunteers, in order that their marksmanship might be improved. 'Killing the Boers' is held up before our school boys as a laudable ambition. The Lord's day is being degraded from a day of rest to a day of military parades, and the desecrating influence of these parades is not a whit lessened by the hollow pretense of a religious service. Is it not time some strong, earnest voice were raised in determined pro-test against these efforts to make Canadian nation-hood after the pattern of the militarism-cursed nations of Europe ?" The Westminster's fears for the preservation of "the Sabbath," and for "what is best and most worth while in the character of our people," are certainly well founded. It is the very nature of militarism to crowd out or override every other sentiment in the mind where its spirit finds a welcome ; so that even regard for "the Sabbath," so strong in most parts of Can-ada, become's entirely subservient to the display of that which glorifies war, with only the "hollow pre-tense of a religious service" for its justification. Mili- tarism, in short, becomes both the business and the-religion of the individuals who fall under the spell of its fascinating and bewildering influence. The alarm which is now felt in Canada on this point ought to be instructive to the people of the United States. Christian Endeavorers and Sunday Travel. The influence that is wielded by the Christian En-deavor Society in secular as well as religious affairs, was shown the other day by the action of the man-agers of several leading railways, in deferring to the wishes of the society at the cost of completely altering the time schedule of their trains. There was also-shown, in connection with the same, the inconsistency that seems to be naturally born of devotion to Sun-day observance. The facts are thus stated by the Chicago Chronicle : "Members of the Society of Christian Endeavor have compelled the officers of the three big railroads between Chicago and Boston, the Nickel Plate, West Shore and Boston and Albany, entirely to rearrange their time cards to avoid starting a special train bear-ing a delegation to the organization's convention at the Hub from Chicago on Sunday. "A party of Endeavorers numbering 15o from Chicago and points west of here recently arranged for a special train to take the members through to Boston. By the schedule made out by the transportation people the train was to have departed from Chicago at io p. m. Sunday, July i. "All details for the trip had been agreed on on both sides when the Endeavorers in charge of the affair discovered that the train was scheduled to de-part from Chicago Sunday night and that the first hour and a half of the journey would be on the seventh day [first day] of the week. The consciences of the leaders of the party rebelled, and the railroad men were quickly sought. After a long conference on the question the transportation officers agreed to arrange a new time card that would start the train from Chi-cago at I2:01 o'clock Monday morning, July 2. "Though the train for the east will not start from Chicago until after the last minute of the Lord's day has been consumed, many of the party from points outside who will go on the east-bound special will ar-rive in the city on the morning and evening trains from the west Sunday." Of course, it is perfectly proper for the Endeav-orers to refuse to travel on any part of a day they be-lieve to be holy time ; but the average mind will be mystified in trying to distinguish between the sinful-ness of sitting in a train that is in motion on Sundays  and that of making the necessary preparations, on the part of both travelers and train men, to begin the journey one minute after Sunday is past. That is keep-ing the day in the sight of men rather than in the sight of God. Still it is to be remembered that men have had vastly more to do with making Sunday a 