AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 521 the Roman empire in the fourth century is repeating itself in the United States to day? . . . The enervat-;rip  influence of wealth, luxury andifashion tells upon the church, producing spiritual declension, neglect of holy vows, and indifference to responsibility. The blandish-ments of the world are too much for human nature to withstand. And we see the sad spectacle of the great moral and religious activities of the Church dropped down into the rut of the ordinary routine of mere business offi-cers, while her beautiful and glorious life is shorn of its spiritual power."ŠThe Hallowed Day, pp. 57, 58. It was after the Church of the fourth century was " shorn of spiritual power" that she sought the civil power. It is the inexorable logic of cause and effect that the Church "shorn of spiritual power" should grasp after the civil power. This is certainly what the Church of to-day is doing, and strange to say, this is just what this Protestant clergyman advocates. On the same page he thinks that the Church "with her vast resources and ad-vantages" consecrated to the service of God, "and with the leverage of civil law in her hands," could accomplish great things for God. To day the lobbies of the halls of legislation are fast being crowded as in Constantine's day with clergymen in quest of the purple and scarlet robeŠthe leverage of civil power. Within a few years this sentiment has been rein-forced by what is known as the "Christian Citizenship" movement. A few of many quotations from its advo-cates will show that the Church is seeking civil supremacy now as in the fourth century. The following from a prominent speaker at the Boston Christian Endeavor convention shows that the fatal fall of the Church of the fourth century is regarded as a triumph:Š " In less than three centuries from the ascension of Christ, Christianity, in the person of Constantine the Great, had ascended the throne of the Csars and wrapped itself in the royal purple and ruled the Roman empire." With the false idea that the Church triumphs when she wraps herself in civil robes and rules the nations, the reader will not be astonished at the following utterances from the leaders in the new movement called Christian citizenship. They are all, save one, quoted from official reports of speeches made at International Christian En-deavor conventions held in Boston and Washington:Š " Taking an interest in politics does not mean that the minister of the gospel should bring politics into the pulpit, but it does mean that he should take his pulpit into politics. It does not mean that he should bring politics into the church, but it does mean most emphat-ically that the church should be translated into po-litical power."L--Official Report, Washington Convention, p. 109. "Christians must arise in the interests of righteous-ness and take control of civil affairs."ŠOfficial Report, Boston Convention, p. 103. "We have, a, right to make and enforce human laws that shall call for the observance of the laws of God." Official Report, Washington Convention, p. 304. " When the primary and the prayer-meeting are held on the same night the true prayer-meeting is the pri- mary."Š"Christian Citizenship," by Rev. Carlos Martyn, p. 65. Pages of such quotations might be presented, but these must suffice. Oh, where are the Spirit-filled men and women who will call the churches to repentance,Šcall them away from the political primary back to the prayer-meeting of Pentecost? Where are the men and women clothed, with the "power from on high" who will persuade them to turn from the purple and scarlet of political power to the snow white robe of the Prince of Peace? These are perilous times. Reader, have you received "power from on high?" A. F. 33. Duty of Obedience to Civil Rulers. "Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aus. OF the Christian's duty to respect, obey, and pray for civil rulers, the Bible speaks in plain terms. It says : "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are or-dained of God." "I exhort, therefore, that first of all,  supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men; for kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." "Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the king." "Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work " "Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake; whether it be to the king as supreme; or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and' for the praise of them that do well." "Seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the Lord for it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace." LIMIT OF OBEDIENCE TO CIVIL RULERS. But it should ever be remembered that honor and obedience to earthly rulers are always to be rendered in subjection to the will of God. While they are the "higher powers," they are not the highest. "If thou seest the oppression of the poor, and violent perverting of judg-ment and justice in a province," says Solomon, the wisest,  king who ever sat on a throne, "marvel not at the mat-ter: for He that is higher than the highest regardeth ; and there be higher than they." Eccl. 5:8. While the law of the king is supreme in civil things, the law of God is over and above all law. In any case of conflict between the two there is but one course left for Christians to pur-sue,Š"we ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:29. It is too evident to need discussion that the law of Him who made us must stand first. .Therefore, if civil rulers require idolatrous worship, all men have the right, with the three Hebrew captives, to say, "We will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou 