62 AMERICAN SENTINEL. though not explicitly stated, it is nevertheless an infer-ence from the face of the certificate before me that the members of the proposed corporation are of a race and religion by which riot the first but the seventh day of the week is set apart for religious observances." It seems incredible that in this nineteenth century the prejudices of a judge can carry him thus far in a matter of this kind. He does not seem to realize that his argu-ment is purely a religious one," and bears very little rela-tion to the law. . . . Why he should have gone out of his way, as in this instance, to insult this large and influential class Of citizens passes all comprehension. The following extract from a Protestant periodical breathes a spirit which Judge Pryor will do well to imbibe: "If this does not stir the latent sense of justice and of loyalty to their ances-tral faith on the part of the Jews of New York, they will hardly be worthy of the liberty and the respect that this opinion denies them. Whatever else this opinion may be, it is a shame to its author." 4- 0- A-. -4- "Desecration " of Christmas. A WRITER in the Catholic Mirror, of January 2, 1897, says: "The saddest thing connected with the Christmas season is the terrible and widespread profanation of the holy day." If Protestant ministers have a right to protest against the profanation of Thanksgiving Day, Roman Catholics certainly have a right to protest against the profanation of Christmas, which is a " holy day" in the calendar of their church. It is certain, too, that Christmas Day and Thanksgiving Day stand upon exactly equal footing in respect to their alleged sanctity. That the "profanation" of Christmas Day and other legal holidays is very bad, is true enough; not, however, becaUse any such day is in any sense holy, but because they are given over by the masses to revelling and drunkenness. As the writer above quoted says: "In every section of our country the papers record melancholy and appalling evidence of drunkenness, debauchery, mur-der, and crimes of all kinds. A great many people think that Christmas is the period for reviving the Roman Saturnalia, or else they so conduct themselves." And what is there strange about this? The Roman Saturnalia just suited the carnal mind back' in the days of the Csars, and why should it not just suit the same mind now? There is as much of that mind in the world to-day as there ever was, and as much of Ł it can be found in professedly Christian communities,- as any-where else. The trouble is that these legal "holy days" furnish the carnal. mind.  with just the opportunity that it "seeks. Let an individual have plenty of good, honest labor to perform, and the carnal propensities will remain com-paratively dormant. But shut off this salutary employ-ment of mind and hand, by legal provisions designed to  " protect " some "holy" day or holiday, and the carnal mind will at once assert itself wherever it has not been dispossessed by the Spirit of God, and the old saying which connects the devil with "idle hands" will be veri-fied. The man is exposed to all evil in order to " pro-tect " the day! Better would it be to protect the man than all the days in the calendar. The more "holy" days and holidays increase, and the more their observance is Made compulsory upon the people, the more drunkenness, debauchery, murder, riot and general lawlessness there will be. And the more honest employment can be provided for the multitudes whose hands are idle, and the more the people are left free to engage in honest work when they want to work, the fewer occasions there will be calling to mind the Ro-man Saturnalia. The truth of this is so evident that it can be be seen by any one who does not feel bound to uphold Sunday laws at whatever cost. THE Washington correspondent of the New York Independent says that "there is no lack of statesmen to-day, who, on occasion, would turn down the Constitu-tion, as a once eminent member of the House did, when he said he did not know what the Constitution had to do `between friends.' " Every one who is acquainted with the course of Government affairs, knows that this is true. Yet it is a most dangerous condition of things in a Government which, professes to stand upon a written Constitution. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF TEE International Religious. 'liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, Three " - ADDRESS. ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. - $1.00. 