AMERICAN SENTINEL. 119 Tried for Selling Sunday Papers. As announced in our last issue, an effort is being made to put a stop to the sale of Sunday newspapers by newsboys in the District of Columbia. This effort is made, of course, fn the interests of Sunday observance; but it could not be based on a Sunday law, because no such law exists in the District To have Congress enact such a law is one of the special aims of those calling for religious legislation at the present time. The prosecution was therefore based on a regulation made by the District Commissioners to prohibit "any needless noise or outcry" within the District, on all days of the week alike. The section under which the prosecu-tion was brought, decrees that,Š "No person within the District of Columbia shall make any needless noise or outcry, or any noise or out-cry for the purpose of advertising wares or for the pur-pose of attracting," etc.; "providing, however, that newsboys in the exercise of their calling may cry their newspapers between the hours of 6 A. M. and 8 P. M. on secular days of the week, and between the hours of 6 A. M. and 10:30 A. M. on Sunday." On the 31st day of December, 1896, the last clause was struck out by the Commissioners, thus limiting the crying of papers by the newsboys to "secular days of the week.'l The trial was held February 14 in the police court, Judge Kimball presiding. The defense was conducted by General Birney and Major Carrington. The points raised by the defense were, that while Congress could properly delegate to the Commissioners power to legislate in purely municipal matters, such grant was a special one, and must be construed strictly; that the ordinance was arbitrary and unreasonable, aud in excess of the power granted by Congress. General Birney declared that the regulation would prohibit the crying of babies, and any person who made a noise needlessly, would be punishable under it. "Even Congress," he said, "could not pass a law of that kind so as to make it Constitutional, because God gave us lungs and gave us the right to employ these lungs in any proper way so as not to disturb others. That is the limitation; a man's right extends only to the boundary of the rights of other people. Major Carrington said that Congress never intended to confer power to prohibit noises other than such as were of the nature of a public nuisance; that no other government on earth possessed any such regulation as the one under consideration; that it was a restriction of liberty which even the Czar of Russia could not main-tain; and further, that no one had a right to say upon what part of the day a person might engage in his busi-ness. What," he inquired, "would a stranger here in this boasted land of liberty think of the fact that news-boys could not without the consent of the Commissioners sell papers between the hours-of- six and nine o'clock?" Notwithstanding the arbitrary, tyrannical, and ab- strd character of the regulation, however, the District Attorney contended that it was neither unreasonable or absurd. The judge reserved his decision. It is quite consistent that a regulation of this nature should be invoked in support of a cause which aims at compulsory Christianity. It will be noticed that the regulation as left by the action of the Commissioners in December last, provides that newsboys may cry their papers "on secular days of the week." This of course involves the question of what days of the week are secular. And as the distinction indicated by the word is one based on religion, the court in deciding a case under the regulation must decide a religious question; and this no earthly court can do. The only authority upon such a question is the Word of God; and it is no part of the business of the courts to construe that Word. And that Word, it may be mentioned, says nothing about any sacred or non secular character belonging to Sunday. "The seventh day," it tells us, "is the Sab-bath." And since this is true, the first day of the week cannot be any other than a secular day. ..4-4 The Mole Hill and the Mountain. IN the New York Christian Advocate of February 11, we note the following :Š "It has been reserved for the State of Nevada to de-scend tq a lower step of legislative degradation than has been sounded by any State in the Republic for many a year. For a long time the instigators of the brutal prize fight have been driven from State to State with their de-basing exhibitions by legislative enactment. Even in Texas, which many ill-informed persons seem to think is the synonym of things uncivilized, a special session of the legislature was held, when an invasion of the State was threatened, to pass a law forbidding the bullies of the prize ring from disgracing the name of that State with their performances. But Nevada is now to become the nursing-mother' of prize fighters. Nevada, with a diminishing populationŠa State whose transformation into a Territory would not be regarded as lamentable by the country at largeŠhas passed a law licensing prize fights at the rate of $1,000 apiece. The honor of the nation is besmirched when a State passes such a pernicious piece of legislation, over which good men hang theirheads in shame and the mem-bers of the short-haired gentry rejoice. "The governor of a Western State, when invited to give expression to the extraordinary and unfortunate conduct of the Nevada governor and legislators, uttered his sentiments in these vigorous words:Š " 'I do not hesitate to go on record as saying that I ,regard the act of legalizing prize fighting in Nevada as 'being not only unpardonably pernicious, but utterly in-iquitous and monstrous. Under the most favorable cir- cumstances, the prize ring has always been the resort of law-breakers and ruffians, as a rule, and the startling in- telligence that one of the States, dignified by a place in the Union, has deliberately entered into copartnership with professional promoters of public exhibitions of MI- 