AMERICAN SENTINEL. 237 ment to a class of people who should not be encouraged. It would be a source of annoyance to--honest people. The firing of a gun on Sunday is no more annoyance than the slamming of a door. If the bill means a better ob-servance of the Lord's day, then we have enough laws on this su bject. If it is to prohibit firing of guns, them make Sunday a close time on guns. Thus another effort of those who are laboring so in-dustriously for a Sunday law has failed. When they will make another like effort, is a question. "THE tyranny of Trusts," says a New York journal, "is the most popular of texts; but there is occasionally some tyranny on the other side. For example, a; well-known Trust which is building new offices has just received notice from a `walking delegate' that it must buy the lumber needed in New York City: If it contracts for it outside of this city every man at work on the building will go on a strike." But the "other side" simply represents another spe-cies of the Trust. 114 That Explained It. THE magistrate in Essex Market Police Court, New York City, was surprised on Monday morning, April 5, by a great increase in the number of persons brought be-fore him for violation of the Sunday law. From a single police station which records only a daily average of ten arrests for all causes, there were brought to his court on that Monday morning no less than twenty-four individ-uals charged with having done works not of necessity or charity the previous day. " Why are there so many petty cases of Sunday law violation? " asked the magistrate, in a tone'which evinced disapproval. The reply of the policeman was that the police force had been moved to strict enforcement of the law by complaints sent to headquarters by one Malcolm R. Burney, Chairman of a Christian Endeavor Society, at No. 280 Rivington Street. " Wearily," says the press report, "the magistrate went through the long docket, and, evidently dissatis-fied with his position, imposed fines upon such persons as were proved to have been illegally employed on Sun-day." And, we may suppose, the chairman and others of the society at 280 Rivington Street, read 'with much satis-faction the news of the rapid spread of Christianity through the agency of the policeman's club. Meanwhile the victims of the Sunday statute must have wondered what meaning of the term Christianity would justify giving to' such work the name "Christian endeavor." THERE is a world of vital truth in the following from the New York Observer:Š " There is such a thing as the Bible becoming lost in its own literature. In these days of many books, about the Bible close and constant study of the Scriptures themselves cannot be too earnestly urged. No lesson leaves, for example, are `helps' that divert from the scrutiny and memorization of the simple Word. The Bible is not the only, but it is the best commentary on itself." AT the opening of the House of Commons, March 31, three bills of a public character were introduced, one of them being by Mr. Charleton, to secure a "better observ-ance of the Lord's day." A TORONTO, paper states that "the prospects of an early submission of the Sunday car question to the peo-ple are brightened by the anxiety of the opponents of the service to have the vote taken before the hot weather comes on." IT is announced from Washington, D. C., that Justice Stephen J. Field, of the Supreme Court, will soon retire from his judicial office, and will be succeeded by the pres-ent attorney-general, Mr. McKenna. Justice Field has been from the first a strong advocate of Sunday legisla-tion. THE drift of events seems to indicate more day by day that the thumb screw and the rack will again be used to help along man's plan of salvation.ŠMartinsburg, Pa., Weekly Herald. TO O1TR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. we will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin Is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishog Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, - - $1.00. t. 44 Six months, - " 44 Three " - ADDRESS. MIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. 