MARCH 5, 1896. SlHATVPINIOILt right, the enforcement of the law under what-ever penalty cannot be wrong. Consequently if religion be properly a matter of the State, of legislation, and of law, there never was and there never can be any such thing as per-secution on account of religion or for con-science' sake. But if religion be not a proper subject of legislation, then to enforce a Sunday " law " as the " law " is being enforced in Tennessee, is as truly religious persecution as was en-forcing the "law" against the Christians in the Roman Empire. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN NORTH CARO- LINA. WE have not yet heard the outcome of the case against Ira Babcock, of Lego, N. C., for Sunday work, but have learned some facts con-cerning it which are of interest. The complaint upon which Mr. Babcock was arrested was as follows:Š Ira Babcock did unlawfully, willfully violate the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, by working and mowing down weeds, and cutting brush in the woods, riving boards, cutting wood, burning brush along a church road along which persons went and came to religious worship, and said work was done in sight of the church and in hearing distance thereof. So that being a continual violation of the sabbath contrary to the form and dignity of the statute in such cases made and provided, and against the peace and dignity of the State. his HENRY X MATHEWS. mark. Sworn to before me the 15th day of January, 189d. J. A. PULHELLF, J. P. Deft, bound over to Court. The facts are that the work complained of was done over one hundred rods from any public road. There is, however, a foot-path through the farm which is used to quite an extent. The church mentioned in the com-plaint is one hundred and ten rods from where the work was done. The defendant really did only a part of the work charged. Three witnesses testified be-fore the justice of the peace that they saw him riving boards * on Sunday. The fact is that the young man never made a board in his life. The defendant, however, worked on Sunday and does not deny it. But it is an open ques-tion whether there is any statute in North Carolina prohibiting ordinary labor on Sun-day. There is, however, a statute against disturbing public worship, and when this case turned up in the Circuit Court it was found that the charge had been changed, and the indictment, instead of being for Sunday work, charges that the defendant "on the twelfth day of January, in the year of our Lord, 1895, with force and arms, at and in the county aforesaid, did willfully and unlawfully inter-rupt and disturb a certain assembly of people there met for divine worship, within the place of said meeting, to wit, at Hickory Grove, in the said county, by cutting weeds, burning brush, making boards, mowing weeds, work-ing and making a loud noise near and in sight of said church, contrary to the form of statute in such cases made and provided and against the peace and dignity of the State." That one man should do not only in one day, but during the short time occupied by a religious meeting all the work charged in this indictment is absurd, and shows very plainly the animus of the prosecution. As before * "The name board," says the Century Dictionary,' " is exclusively applied in the Southern United States" to thin, narrow, riven pieces of timber used for roofing. They are made of various lengths from two to four feet. stated, the original charge was not disturbing public worship, but violating the " Lord's day." But inasmuch as it is doubtful if any such charge as that could be maintained under the North Carolina statute, when it was brought into the District Court, the charge is that of disturbing public worship, by work done one hundred and ten rods from the place of meeting! Ł Ł THE GOSPEL OF FORCE. BY W. S. CHAPMAN. MR. W. F. CRAFTS, in a late Sunday lecture in the city of Wilmington, gave his audience a most complete and forcible illustration of the scope and aim of Sunday legislation. In order to the better impress his ideas, he pre-sented them in story form. He said in sub-stance:Š Barbers are among the best of Sunday-law observers. A little girl said to her father one day: " Father, why do you work seven days in the week? Why do you shave people on Sunday? Why don't you make them all come on six days, so that you can rest the other day?" The idea struck the man to be a pretty good one, and so he at once visited the other five barbers in the place, and suggested the advisability of all closing shop on Sunday. He found four of them willing enough to do this, but the fifth was a black sheep (" there is always a black sheep in every place "). This man said, " Why should I close my place on Sunday? I am no Christian; I never go to church, nor am I interested in religion. I prefer to stay in my shop SundayŠwhy should I close it? He could not be prevailed upon to close up, so the other five were compelled to keep their places open, or run the risk of losing their customers: because if they closed up and Smith kept open, it would work some-thing like this:Š " A. B. reaches home Saturday evening all tired out with a hard day's work. Off comes his heavy boots, and the tired feet are soon in easy slippers. It is a stormy night, and the rain and hail beat against the window. The man suddenly remembers he must be shaved ; he feels very reluctant to going out again that night. It is so stormy and he is so tired; he wishes his barber would work on Sunday why, there's Smith! he keeps his shop open on Sunday! stay home to- night and have Smith shave me in the morn-ing! ' " Now, according to Mr. Crafts, the remedy for such a state of affairs is in a " civil Sun-day law." It is all nonsense, he says, to sup-pose that Sunday legislation is for the pur-pose of compelling people to go to church. Its office is purely civil, and he explained the civil character in the balance of his story. The other five barbers finding persuasion a failure tried coercion. A lawyer unearthed a blue lawŠ" that grand watch-dog "Šagainst work on Sunday, and set the "dog" (the law) on the man, quickly bringing him to terms. Now all six barbers have a chance to rest on the "sabbath" clay. Such is the gospel of force which Mr. Crafts presents in the name of Jesus. He appeals to his audience, not from the standpoint of the love of God, bat from the selfish position of personal gain. Others are to be forced to re-main idle rather than his business interests shall suffer. What is an honorable pursuit on any other day of the week is to be declared a crime on Sunday. Thus a premium is to be placed on idleness,  and the American people become a nation of hypocrites, forced, by the terror of the law, to yield an outward and unwilling observant e to a dogma of the Papacy. Paul sought to win men by presenting the love of God, so melting their hearts, thus making them obedient. Mr. Crafts would gather the multitude to his side and then set " watch-dogs" (Sunday laws) upon the little minority, compelling them, through fear, to yield their conscience up to his dictation. According to Mr. Crafts, minorities have no rights. Personal liberty he ridicules as an absurdity. He compared a man crying for personal rights to a foreigner coming to this country, and because he had heard it was the land of the free, impudently bumping himself against another man's nose, the result being that he is knocked down. The man bumped against represented the majority; the man felled by the blow the minority. The saddest feature of the whole lecture was the evident fact that the lecturer seemed to be carrying the sympathies of his audience with him. Many an honest soul is being deluded by these sophistries, and aiding this wicked scheme to deprive us of our civil and religious liberty. Ł "CO-OPERATIVE SUNDAY ASSOCIATION OF ALABAMA." BY E. D. HASKELL. THE American Sabbath Union has at last extended its work to the State of Alabama. An auxiliary organization has been formed with the name that heads this communication. In response to a call sent out by the vice-president of the American Sabbath Union, representing Alabama, a gathering of forces for Sunday protection and enforcement took place at the First Presbyterian Church, of Montgomery, the capital city of the State, on the night of February 20. Dr. E. P. Davis, pastor of this church and also the official mentioned above, presided at the meeting. The address of the evening was upon " The necessity of the Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship," by Bishop H. M. Jackson, of the Episcopal Church. Some of his positions would delight the most ardent National Reformer. His highest ideal was a union of Church and State with the principles of " Christianity" permeating and controlling every department of government. It was even of greater importance, he said, for the gov-ernment to place a quarantine protection about the soul, than to guard the physical life of its citizens. It was absolutely neces-sary to have a day for rest and worship set apart by the government, and the day of the vast majority must be selected. Following this address, the work of organ-ization was attended to. The basis and ob-ject of the association was read, which was a transcript of that adopted by the parent so-ciety. All who could conscientiously indorse these principles were eligible to membership. The enrollment of members went actively and smoothly forward, until the Episcopal rector, Dr. Powers, inquired somewhat more fully into the purposes of the society. It was ap-parent that the objectionable features were to be kept back, if possible. He was told that the details were left to the individual con-science, and nothing was designed to infringe upon the rights of conscience. As soon as it was ascertained that the society expected to exert its influence in legislative halls, he stated that he could not cooperate with them. 