Equal and'exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST 14, 1889. NUMBER 29. `I 12e BeOn2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TIIE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., nos YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, B. J. WAGGONER, ALoisrzo T. JONES. Georgia Sunday Law. CODE OF GEORGIA, 1882. SEC. 4,579. Violating Sabbath. Any trades-man, workman, or laborer, or other person whatever, who shall pursue their business or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day (works of necessity or charity only excepted), shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be punished as pre-scribed in section 4,310 of this code. Sec. 4,310. Punishment of accessories after the fact. Accessories after the fact, except where it is otherwise ordered in this code, shall be punished by a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars, imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang not to ex-ceed twelve months, and any one or more of these punishments may be ordered, in the discretion of the judge. Sec. 4,582. Fines for violation of the Sab-bath. All moneys arising from fines imposed for offenses, the gist of which consists in their being committed on the Sabbath-day, shall be paid to the Ordinary of the county, to be by him distributed for the purpose of establish-ing and promoting Sabbath-schools in the county. Georgia ought to be a paradise for National Reformers, and Sunday-law advocates. It should be remembered in this connection that it is urged in behalf of a National Sunday law, that all that is wanted is simply to make State laws effective. But in the case of Georgia that would be but little short of the torments of the Inquisition. Such a law is a disgrace to any State. And to seek to make it effective stamps any association, we care not how high its professions may be, as antichristian. Men who would seek to make such a law " effect-ive " would do more if they had the power. CONSCIENCE is a tender thing and tenderly to be regarded; and in the same proportion in which a man treasures his own moral integ-rity, so ought he to regard the conscience of every other man.ŠStanley Matthews. The Best Sunday Observance. To OBTAIN a world-wide view of Sabbath observance, Dr. Crafts says he has corre-sponded with more than two hundred persons residing in nearly every nation of the world. One of the questions which he asked in this correspondence was:Š " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance ?" A San Francisco pastor answered :Š "Among the Christian people of California." Now California is the only State that has no Sunday law. Yet this pastor testifies that in this State there is the best Sabbath observ-ance that he has seen. And under the cir-cumstances, it is properly to be presumed that this pastor has seen Sabbath observance in other States than California. But, the other States have Sunday laws, therefore the.  Sabbath observance that that pastor saw in other States, must have been under Sunday laws. Consequently, it is demonstrated by Dr. Crafts's own evidence that there is better Sunday observance where there is no Sunday law than where there are Sunday laws. Again. Up to 1883, California had a Sun-day law. In 1885, Dr. Crafts published his book. This was nearly two years after Cali-fornia abolished her Sunday law. Yet, in that book, on page 94, Mr. Crafts says :Š "Both laymen and ministers say that even in California the Sabbath is, on the whole, better ob-served and Christian services better attended, than five years ago." Five years goes back three years into the time of the Sunday law, consequently it is once more demonstrated by Dr. Crafts's own evidence that Sunday is better observed, and Christian services better attended, where there is no Sunday law than where there are Sun-day laws. Therefore, Dr. Crafts and all the people who work for Sunday laws are work-ing against the best Sunday observance. The reason why there is better Sunday ob-servance and better attendance upon Chris-tian services where there are no Sunday laws than where Sunday laws exist, is plain. Where there are no Sunday laws, the Christian peo-ple are thrown upon their own resources for  securing the best observance of the day. Thus they work by Christian means, by Chris-tian influences, and by Christian persuasion, to secure the best observance of that which they deem to be a Christian institution. This is right. Such methods will always win. They will always work for good. But, on the other hand, when the aid of the civil power is sought, and Sabbath observ-ance is sought to be secured by the enforce-ment of law, Christians are drawn away from dependence upon Christian methods, men are repelled instead of being won, and Sunday is worse observed, and Christian services more poorly attended. By these evidences it is clear that every per-son who respects Christianity, and who wishes to secure the best Sunday observance, and to have Christian services best attended, ought to oppose Sunday laws with all his might. It is entirely out of respect to Christianity that the AMERICAN SENTINEL Opposes all Sabbath laws of civil government. Let religious institutions be sustained by religious means. Let Christian duties be maintained by Christian methods. Let at-tendance at Christian services be secured by Christian influences and Christian persuasion. This is the position of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, and it ought to be the position of every person who loves Jesus Christ. A. T. J, .,Ł  4- A National Sunday Law Means a National Religion. ' THE petition for a National Sunday law asks Congress to pass a bill forbidding in the Nation's mail and military service and inter-State com-merce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work "except works of religion and works of real necessity and mercy," etc. If Congress should pass such a bill making such to be the law, the United States Courts would be called upon immediately to construe the law. The law forbids everything but works of religion. It would then devolve upon the United States Courts to define what are works of religion. And when the United States shall have defined what are works of religion, and a national law excepts these from the general work of all the people, what will that be but the establishment of a national religion ? More than this; another question would arise 