REV. C. H. SPURGEON. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 483 reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the Universal Judge."ŠFrom Address of Presbytery of Hanover, Va., and the Baptists and Quakers, to the General Assembly of Virginia, 1776. Spurgeon Said: "I AM ashamed of some Christians because they have so much dependence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament do to true religion, except by mistake. As to getting the law of the land to our religion, we earnestly cry, " Hands off! leave us alone." Your Sunday bills and all other forms of Act-of-Parliament reliŁ gion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. -Christ wants no help from Cmsar. Let our members of Parliament repent of the, bribery and corrup-tion so rife in their own midst before they set up to be protectors of the religion of our Lord Jesus. I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on the arm of flesh, in-stead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by force of the policeman; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments." And again:Š "It is none of Caesar's business to deal with our con-sciences, neither will we ever obey Csar in any matter which touches conscience. He may make what laws he will about religion, but by our loyalty to God we pour contempt on Csar when he usurps the place of God. He is no more to us than the meanest beggar in the street if he goes beyond his own legitimate authority. To Csar, CEesar's; politics to politicians; obedience, cheerful and prompt, to civil rulers; to God, and to God only, things that are God's; and what are these? Our hearts, our souls, our consciences. Man himself is the coin upon which God has stamped his image and super-scription (though, alas! both are sadly marred), and we must render to God our manhood, our wills, our thoughts, our judgments, our minds, our hearts. Con-sciences are for God. Any law that touches conscience is null and void, ipso facto, for the simple reason that kings and parliaments have no right to interfere in the  realm of conscience. Conscience is under law to none but God "ŠFrom sermons of Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. VINDICATING the right of individuality in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God theprinciple first divinely ordained of God in Judea. It left the man-agement of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal Govern-ment the power to invade the home of reason, the cita-del of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power. ŠBancroft. The State and Religion. A GREAT many people who are much opposed to any union of church and state, as they declare, still think it would be a dreadful thing for the state to be separated from religion. They seem to think that if the state had no religion, it would be opposed to all religions, and would wickedly disregard every religious right of the people. But let us see about this. From whence comes the most violent opposition to religion? Does it not come from religion itself? In other words, is there not more bitter hostility between two opposing religions, than between any religion and mere worldliness? Yes, the history of religious persecution shows this beyond any question. Every state that ever persecuted, was joined with religion. Religious hostility, and that alone, has always been the actuating motive in persecution. Separated from religion, the state would never per-secute; joined with religion, the state will always perse-cute, because it will then be a party in a strife between opposing religions. And besides, if the state is to be religious, why should it not join a church? For all professors of relig-ion, church membership is a logical necessity; the church exists for the very purpose of joining professors of re-ligion into one company. If the state can properly profess religion, it can properly be joined with a church; and if it cannot properly be joined with a church, it cannot properly profess religion. Whatever religion the state may profess, will in itself identify the state with some church. For the state's religion must be something definite, and there is no definite religion that does not belong to a definite church or religious body. Separation of religion from the- state, therefore, is the only proper attitude of the one toward the other. No one person has power to force his religious views upon another, and if civil force cannot properly be joined 