THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 285 law ? We can answer. It is because nobody can argue for Sunday laws with-out involving himself in hopeless incon-sistencies. If the reference to "gates " in the fourth commandment be construed as referring to city gates, then the whole command-ment must be considered as addressed to the government, and not to the individual. But it is actually addressed individually to every man. Each man is to keep the Sabbath; his son and his daughter must likewise keep it; his man-servant and his maid-servant must also keep it; and also the stranger that is within his gates. That is, all who are upon the man's prem-ises must keep the Sabbath, because if they worked, it would be, the same as if he 'worked. It is true that government must protect a man in. the enjoyment of God - given rights; but that does not signify that it Must' force man to accept that which he doeS root 'regard as a right, but which he thinks is positively wrong. Protection and compulSion are widely different. Gov-ernment must protect the wronged. If a servant wishes to keep Sunday, and his employer by force and power compels him to work, then he may appeal to the law for protection, and so may any man who is forcibly deprived of his liberty.. But we must confess that We have never heard of such a case since the abolition of slav-ery. = In these days when -employes strike for the most trivial causes, and almost . every laborer belongs to some organiza-tion which assumes the right to dictate to the employer just how far he may go in any case, it is sheer nonsense to talk of men being compelled to work on Sunday against their will. 5. In thiS section we have the climax. `` Thou shalt not steal' is a moral civil law." The Bible knows nothing of any such mongrel. " The law is spiritual." It is wholly spiritual. He who keeps it only outwardly does not keep it at all. Read the Saviour's dissertation on the law, in Matt. 5 :19-28, and his denunciation of hypocrites in Matt. 23 : 25-28. Thou-sands of men who have never been guilty of any act of which the State could take notice, have lived in daily violation of the eighth commandment, as well as the sev-enth, and others. But what shall we say to this : " But a law without a penalty is no law at all. Therefore, civil government is the only and the proper power to punish the open transgression of God's civil law," which is the moral law of the ten commandments. God says, " Vengeance is mine; I will repay; " but National Reform says that God hasn't the power,' and that if human governments ,do not administer the pen-alty, sin must go unpunished. Christ says that God has given the Son authority to execute judgment, and that he will do this when lie comes from heaven with his mighty angels in flaming fire (see John  5 : 27; 2 Thess. 1: 7-9) ; but National Re-form says that human governments must execute judgment now, or else the sinner will go free. Could any worse insult to the majesty of Jehovah be invented ? Mr. Johnston is a minister of the gospel, and we know that he is personally devout and reverent; therefore we feel the more astonished that he should champion a cause which puts man above God; yea, which sets man on the throne of judg-ment, and relegates God to obscurity. We have studied brevity in noticing these points, for our space is limited; but we trust that all the readers of the Signs of the Times can see that opposition to Sunday laws, and to the theory which underlies them, is not simply a matter of protesting against a possible injustice to a few men; it is a religious duty incumbent on every one who has any regard for the honor of God. Human government is secular, and only secular; that is, it pertains wholly to this world and to worldly affairs. God is the only moral Governor; his government is the only moral government; his law is the only moral law; and it is wholly moral. With it man has nothing to do but to obey it. The duty of the king is identical with that of the humblest subject. Both are alike answerable to God, and to him alone, for violation of his law. So broad are its requirements, that no one can keep them except by the grace of Christ; no one can boast over another ; and no one can get beyond simple, personal obedience to it, so that he can act as an overseer to his fel-lows. To those who assume to exercise the prerogatives of God, he will say at the last day, "Who hath required this at your hands ?" and like the man in the parable, they will be speechless; for "the lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed do w and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day." Some Rash Statements Examined. DR. R. H. MCDONALD, of San Fran-cisco, has sent us a leaflet from which we make a few extracts. Printed on one side in large type is this statement :Š If the clergy of California would unite in one earnest, determined effort, we would have an effective Sunday law, and there would not be an open saloon in the State by Dec. 31, 1891. If this is true we cannot help wonder-ing why so much abuse has been heaped upon the Seventh-day people of that State for preventing the passage of a Sunday law, and why they have been accused of joining with saloon keepers to strike down the " Christian Sabbath." Certainly if a Sunday law is really desirable, and the clergy could secure it in so short a time by a determined effort, they ought to blame nobody but themselves if they fail to get such a law. And again, if by a  determined effort the clergy could close every saloon in California, before Dec. 31, 1891, they certainly have no room to censure those who simply refuse to assent to a Sunday-closing law, the passage of which would be to say, in effect, that saloons are all right except on Sunday. If the outcome of the present agitation in California should be the passage of a Sunday law, while the saloons are still permitted to prey upon the community as in times past, would it not show much more zeal on the part of the clergy in behalf of Sunday than in behalf of tem-perance ? On the margin of this leaflet is this re-markable statement :Š There is no instance of a Ł people keeping the Sabbath, as a rest day, who were not free. God has joined liberty with the Sabbath. Let us see; the Jews kept the Sabbath. From the exode until SaulŠabout 400 yearsŠthey were a free people. But after Saul became king they were no more free than are the subjects of the Czar to-day. The kings of Israel were absolute monarchs, as appears from a number of scriptures. Before Saul was anointed, the Lord commanded Samuel to tell the people just what kind of a government they would have. And Samuel told all the words of the Lord unto the people that asked of him a king. And he said, This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you : He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to be his horsemen; and some shall run before his chariots. And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties ; and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots. And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers. And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants. And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants. And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work. He will take the tenth of your sheep ; and ye shall be his servants. And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you; and the Lord will not hear you in that day. 1 Sam. 8 : 10-18. David and Solomon were wise kings, but like Saul they were absolute rulers. We may judge of the character of at least the latter part of Solomon's reign, from these words of the people to his son, Rehoboam, who succeeded to the throne upon the death of his father :Š And all the congregation of Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam saying, Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the griev-ous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee. 1 Kings 12 : 3, 4. But instead of granting this reasonable request of the people, Rehoboam answered them, saying, " My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke; my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions." 1 Kings 12:14. And future kings were no better, so far 