AMERICAN SENTINEL. 441 very much, it is sadly true; but there is enough for a tes- pressed, regarding the success of the czar's undertaking timony to the world. for a general peace. * * THE Ascension is testified by the gift of the "Com-forter," the Holy Spirit. The promise of the Saviour was that if he ascended to his Father he would send the "Comforter" to his disciples, and Peter, on the day of Pentecost, said to the assembled people, that Jesus of Nazareth, "being by the right hand of God exalted," "hath shed forth this [the Holy Spirit] which ye now see and hear." That was proof to the multitude assembled on that occasion; and the "witness of the Spirit" has been given through succeeding ages down to the present time. * * As BEFORE stated, the Christian life is nothing less than the life of Christ. It is the life that testifiesŠthe life that is seen and felt to day, in Christians, by the world; and not a dead dogma, a mere tradition of the past. This life testifies to the world of Christ, and to the truth of the Word of God, to day. "Ye are My wit-nesses," is the divine word spoken to the people of God; and "Ye are the light of the world." Without this wit-ness to the world there would still be the witness of crea-tion to the existence and character of the Creator; but it is the Christian life that is the special witness of God to the world. And this life is a visible reality in all the world, the evidence of which it requires no exercise of faith on the part of the world to grasp. It is evidence which enters the mind through the natural channels. * * * THE statement, therefore, that the cardinal doc-trines of Christianity rest upon dogma, that "The whole supernatural basis of Christian theology is necessarily dogma purely," as the Sun asserts, is as utterly false as any statement could well be. That idea is simply the basis of atheism, but the truth of the matter affords no basis whatever for disbelief in the Christian religion. * * THERE are four "Christian Science" churches in the city of New York, which fact lends significance to the call which has been made in this city for a public meeting to protest against the "Christian Science" method of treat-ing diseases, and to demand legislation for its prohibi-tion. The leaders among the adherents of the sect in this city seem not to be at all disturbed by the agitation that is being made against them. * * THE American Ordnance Company, of Bridgeport, Conn., has received an order from the Russian govern-ment for $6,000,000 worth of rapid-fire cannon. This is the largest doubt that any government has yet ex- Vanishing Cuban Independence. PRESS dispatches state that the President "is work-ing energetically" upon a plan to secure a vote of the Cuban people upon the question whether or not Cuba shall be annexed to the United States. They are to vote on this before the American military forces are withdrawn from the island. The President, it is said, believes the Cubans would vote for annexation, and in this view is supported by General Wood, who affirms that in Santiago "annexa-tion would be carried by four to one." To appreciate the significance of this step it is only necessary to remember that Cuba is under American mil-itary rule, which has already discouraged the expression of anti-American sentiment in Cuba by establishing a censorship of the press. The President has supporters who know how to manage an election campaign, and with the backing of American bayonets no great dif-ficulty could be anticipated in securing the result de-sired. It is stated that "so strong is the President's ten-dency toward annexation that it is expected an effort will be made in Congress at the coming session to re-scind the resolution providing for Cuban independence and to substitute a plan by which the matter may be submitted to a vote of the people of the island." Such is the latest view of the vanishing prospect of Cuban independence. Enforcing the "Sabbath" in Poughkeepsie, N. Y. "New York Journal," July 11. SECRETARY Uriah Wardle, of the Young Men's Chris-tian Association of Poughkeepsie, determined to put a stop to the sale of things on Sunday, disguised hims e and went looking for evidence. He bought collar but-tons, shoe polish and other articles from merchants on the Sabbath, and caused the arrest of five offenders, who were taken before the recorder yesterday. It was shown that the astute Wardle went to the store of Morris Baker, who says he never keeps open on Sunday, and kicking at his door got him to open up. Then he worked on his sympathy by pretending that he was a member of a camping-out party, who found them-selves with a pie and a ham, but without knives and forks. After much entreaty Baker sold Wardle a knife and fork. Then one of Wardle's confederates, who had been hiding behind a tree, popped out and arrested the hap-less Baker. The recorder fined him $5. Aaron Friedman, arrested on a similar charge, was, 