BOLLMAN, ALONZO T. TONES, CALVIN P.  LEON A. SMITH, Ł - ASSISTANT EDITOR. Ł - EDITORS. AUGUST 15, 1895. AMMELICANT 253 American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE INTOLERANT " BLADE." IN its issue of July 11, the Toledo Blade closes an editorial comment on the convic-tion of the Tennessee Adventists, for doing common labor on Sunday, with the follow- ing:Š There is no constraint upon the Adventists to devote the day to religious duties, or to hold it sacred. The law does not compel them to observe the Christian Sunday 'any more than it does the Jewish Sabbath. It merely declares that no one shall perform labor on Sunday; and there is no good reason why the Advent-ists should. not obey that law. Their claim that it is a matter of conscience not to obey it, is absurd. We are tempted to deal sharply with this ut-terance, but instead, will make the following brief comments:- 1. The commonwealth of Ohio recognizes that a statute compelling seventh-day observers to rest on Sunday, is tyrannical, and conse-quently exempts from its penalties " those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath." True, this is but toleration, but it is better than the op-pression of Tennessee. Therefore, when the Blade asks that seventh-day " observers ab-stain from their usual avocations on Sunday, through respect for the Sunday laws," it asks a sacrifice that its own State regards as an in-justice. 2. The Sunday statute of Tennessee does bring constraint to bear on the Adventists to compel them to observe Sunday in the same manner enforced by the creeds of the Sunday-observing Protestant churches. All that the creeds require is cessation from labor. They do not attempt to invade the mind to ascer-tain whether it employs the Sunday in holy contemplation. Outward rest is all the creeds enforce, and this outward rest is just what the Sunday statute of Tennessee attempts to en-force. And just as the three Hebrew worthies refused to bow down to Nebuchadnezzar's image and appear to worship, so Seventh-day Adventists refuse to bow down to the pago-papal Sunday and appear to observe the statute-intrenched dogma of Sunday sacred-ness. 3. Seventh-day Adventists know that Sun-day observance is not commanded in Scripture. They know that Sabbath observance is com-manded. They know that Sunday observance is a church ordinance only, and is put forth as the sign of an opposing system,Šthe mark of that system which declares that " the church has power to ordain feasts and holy days and to command them under sin." Sev-enth-day Adventists hold to a system of doc-trine diametrically opposed to this system, and while thus believing they conscientiouly refuse to wear the badge of the opposing system. 4. Sunday statutes attempt to abridge the inalienable right to teach what one believes. " Action speaks louder than words." The Sunday observer works on Saturday, and by that work proclaims to all beholders that he does not believe that the seventh day is the Sabbath. Likewise, the seventh-day observer labors on the first day of the week, and thereby proclaims to the beholder that he does not  believe that Sunday is the Sabbath. In Ten-nessee, the Sunday-keeper says, " No, you don't," and hastens to invoke the law to prohibit seventh-day observers from exercis-ing a right which he loudly demands for himself. If there is no conscience involved in being compelled to wear the badge of a false theo-logical system,Šif there is no conscience in-volved in the matter of teaching one's faith, then it is absurd for seventh-day observers to assert that they cannot conscientiously obey the Sunday statute. But it is a matter of conscience for Seventh-day Adventists to rest on Saturday and work on Sunday. Never-theless they do not thereby disturb either the public or private devotion of their neighbors. Only two of the hundreds of witnesses which have testified against them in the scores of cases that have been brought against them in the last few years have testified that they were disturbed. One of these was engaged at the same time in driving a cow home which he had gone to a neighbor, on Sunday, to pro-cure. The other claimed to be disturbed, though he testified under oath, that he neither saw nor heard the Sunday work of his Sabbath-keeping neighbor, but was mentally disturbed by the mere knowledge that the work was being done. No; Seventh-day Adventists believe in practising the Golden Rule, and if their persecutors would act upon this Christian precept, all this persecution would cease. MISSIONARIES DISREGARD CIVIL "LAW." SOME weeks since, we referred in these col-umns to the passage of a statute in Florida, prohibiting the co-education of the races. Referring to this " law," the Independent, of July 18, says, that " it affects not only teach-ers, but patrons of such schoolsŠthat is, pa-rents may be imprisoned from three to six months in the county jail." The Independent further says: "The American Missionary As-sociation will receive and teach pupils, white or black, who apply for instruction at Orange Park; and there will be teachers to run the risk of imprisonment. Scholars will be fitted to teach Florida schools, white or black." We are glad the American Missionary As-sociation has determined to disregard this so-called law. It is clearly violative of the constitution of Florida, because it is an in-fringement of religious liberty, and undertakes to interfere with missionary operations in that State. The gospel commission is,Š" Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." Missionaries, everywhere, find it necessary, not only to preach the gos-pel in the common acceptation of the term, but to establish schools wherein a Christian education may be given. This the American Missionary Association has done at Orange Park, Florida; and it is this which the statute referred to proposes to prohibit. When American missionaries go to foreign lands and there establish schools for the in-struction of the natives, and these schools are interfered with by the authorities, our Government protests against such interference, as an invasion of natural right and of the law of civilized nations. Here, an American State is proposing to do precisely the same thing. By this statute, Florida tells the American Missionary Association how it shall not preach the gospel in Florida; that it shall not educate colored pupils in a school conducted by white people. This attempt is as great an outrage upon religious liberty, and the excuses made for it, are as disingenuous as the Sunday laws of the various States, and the so-called reasons for maintaining them. Both are alike in open  violation of natural, God-given rights, and both should be alike disregarded; and we are glad that, as the Independent says, " there will be teachers ready to run the risk of imprisonment," for violation of this Florida statute. We honor the Independent for the stand which it has taken in this matter; and we honor the American Missionary Association for its determination to disregard this iniqui-tous measure, just as missionary associations have always disregarded similar so-called laws, designed to hinder their work in heathen lands; and just as Christians always have and always must everywhere disregard human en-actments which trench upon the sacred rights of conscience. FROM A MINNESOTA JUDGE. EDITOR OF AMERICAN SENTINEL: I have received several copies of your paper, and must say that I am well pleased with it. Its short articles that " hew to the line" are sure to be read. At first I gave it but little atten-tion, but it kept coming, and I thought I better see what it amounted to. Beyond a doubt the SENTINEL is just the paper needed for the times. It is a pity that every reader cannot have a copy every week; and I want to say to every one who may pickup a copy of the SENTINEL, don't lay it down until you have read it. Sunday is my Sabbath, and whether the teaching that Saturday is the Sabbath, makes the people any better may be doubtful; cer-tainly they are not made worse thereby. He who believes that Saturday is the true Sab-bath should be afforded the same protection as Sunday observers. It is surprising to hear of the persecution of the seventh-day people in Tennessee and other States. That they should be imprisoned for doing what they believe to be their duty to God, is a crime, notwith-standing statutes may read otherwise. I have noticed that Judge Parks, who com-mitted these men to prison, has been com-mended for his personal views upon this ques-tion, and justly so. Did he do right? Are his acts commendable? Let us see. Many of the early settlers of this country fled from a land of religious persecution, and when this Government was established care was taken that every one should have the right to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. Of course, such conscientious rights must not abridgeŁthe rights of others. The Sabbath_ was ordained by God. The ob-servance of it is -an_ act of worship, and is so regarded by all worshiping people. .Whether Saturday or Sunday be the true-Sabbath must be left to each individual according to his own conscience. It cannot be decided by leg-islative acts without abridging the rights of conscience. The statutes of Tennessee do not prohibit one from keeping Saturday as the Sab-bath. They in effect say you can do so, but you must forfeit one-sixth of all you could otherwise earn during the six working days; that is, you must not work Sunday. If you will keep Sunday only, you need to forfeit nothing. So if one keeps Saturday he must pay a li- cense for the right to do so. This is so pal-pably in violation of the principle upon which our Government was founded, and in violation of the Constitution, that it does seem that any court, even the lowest, would be justifi-able in disregarding any such legislative en- actments. These persecutions, they call them prosecutions, are a disgrace to the States; yes, and to the United States, which we call the land of liberty. If we should seek to find the cause that has 