AMERICAN SENTINEL. 345 The Churches Losing Faith. "THE Waning of Evangelicalism," is the title of a seriously-written article in a recent issue of the London Contemporary Review, from the pen of an English writer, Mr. Richard Heath. That the decay of evangelical enthusiasm in English-speaking lands is a plainly-apparent fact, is evident not alone from this article but from comments made upon it by the New York Sun. In summing up the situation the Sun says:Š "In the English Church the Evangelical party distinc-tively has almost ceased to exist, and the same is true of the Episcopal Church in this country, though at one time it included a great part of the pulpit eloquence of both. The Low Church school, once powerful, if not dominant, has passed away, and there remains only the two parties, the Broad Church, or liberal, and the 'Catholic,' or ritu-alistic, closely approaching the Roman Church in its de-votion to church authority and sacerdotalism. The Con-gregational churches departed long ago from earnest sympathy- with the Evangelical movement, and conse-quently the Unitarian rebellion, once active, is now quies-cent. "It is a receding movement, for Unitarians are find-ing that Evangelical orthodoxy itself has thrown down most of the barriers separating it from them. They are no longer fighting against it, for there is nothing of im-portance left to fight against. Presbyterianism, a very citadel of Evangelicalism, is surrendering the stronghold to its skeptical enemies. Some of its most prominent theologians are rejecting the infallibility of the Bible, and thus leaving it no ground on which to stand. A critical instead of a believing spirit prevails, and the latitude of Broad Church Episcopalians is attracting many of the laity. Defense of the Bible as the only rule of faith and opposition to the pope as the antichrist and to the church of Rome as the sum of all abominations have been suc-ceeded by Presbyterian laudation of a Roman Catholic archbishop at a recent celebration, and sympathetic treatment of the church of Rome as one of the greatest and most valuable of Christian agencies. "The Contemporary Review writer undertakes to dis-cover various remote causes of the 'waning of Evangeli-calism,' but there is no need of going further or deeper than this waning of earnest religious belief. The vital warmth of faith is passing out of it. It has become skep-tical, or at least a spirit of skepticism has entered into its theological seminaries and thence spread widely through its pulpits. The Baptists and Methodists, espe-cially bred or stimulated by the Evangelical movement, are less affected, perhaps are little affected as yet by this destructive spirit of criticism; but it is devitalizing the Presbyterian Church. How could it be otherwise when this new movement, now so powerful in Presbyterianism, is directed against the very foundation of its faith and whole system of theology? "That is enough to account for the 'waning' of which the Contemporary Review treats. What can remain of Evangelicalism if the source from which lone it draws its inspiration is degraded by its own appointed defend-ers into a polluted stream of superstition, delusion, fraud, and ignorance, having its springs in the gloping of mere  human intelligence incapable of penetrating the mystery of life? "Without an infallible Bible, sent as a revelation di-rect from God, Evangelicalism must necessarily wane and die." We have an "infallible Bible, sent as a direct revela-tion from God;" that much is secure. That is as real now as it was in the days when evangelical enthusiasm was at its height. But that infallible Book contains the query, "When the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?" Faith is dying out, and we are in the days when "the Son of man cometh." Retrogression. BY C. H. K. PRINCE BISMARCK, according to the New York World, May 19, makes the following statement concerning the United States : "America's change of front means retro-gression in the high sense of civilization. That is the fact most to be regretted about this war. The war cannot have a wholesome result either to America or Europe. The United States will be forced to adopt an intermed-dling policy leading to unavoidable friction. She thus abandons her traditional peace policy, and in order to maintain her position she must become a military and naval powerŠan expensive luxury which her geographical position rendered unnecessary." There is much food for thought in these utterances. They are the words of one who for years has stood in the front rank among statesmen, and who has watched closely the history of this country, and knows whereof he speaks. "Retrogression" is an awful word at any time, mean-ing, as it does, a "going backward," a "declining from a better to a worse state;" but it is especially so when used in this connection. "America's change of front means retrogression in the high sense of civilization." And from now on she will be "forced to adopt an inter-meddling policy leading to unavoidable friction." This "intermeddling policy" is the one that has marked the history of the nations of the Old World, and it has always led to "unavoidable friction." Therefore, from this time on, America will be on the down grade, from "a better to a worse state," until it reaches the level of these other nations. Bismarck's words are a confession that the "tradi-tional peace policy" of the United States has lifted her, to put it no stronger, above the nations of Europe in the scale of civilization. But now, forsaking this peaceful policy, she must adopt an `‚`intermeddling policy" which must lead her to "unavoidable friction." "Friction" means the "rubbing of one body against another." The continual rubbing together of two bodies that are in their nature combustible must produce fire. 