332 *AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Of course when gunpowder was invented, the 'era of knighthood' practically closed; but still the restless, ex-citement-loving people still held their tournaments." "You have done very well, Charlie. I advise you all to preserve your essays for future reference. Next week we will begin the history of poor Charles the Sixth, the fourth of the Valois Branch." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. God's Message of Warning. "MAMA," said Charlie Ross, "I am troubled about the people. It seems a cruel thing to think that such socie-ties as the Christian Endeavor, the Epworth League, the Christian Citizenship League, the W. C. T. II., and church organizations should be left to the vain hope that they will better the world, and bring in the millennium by bringing about religious legislation, and enforcing Sun-day laws. No doubt they, are ignorantly rushing on, deceived bY the good they suppose they will do, and do not have the least idea as to what the dreadful result will be. "Isn't there some way to stop them? Isn't there some way to warn them of their danger? Surely God, who has opened up the events of the world in prophecy, will help them to see where they are going." "Surely he will," said Mrs. Ross, "if they will only read, believe, and receive. Amos says, 'Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret to his servants the prophets.' In regard to the making of the image to the beast, or bringing about the enforcement of religious laws in our own country and in the countries of the world, the Lord has sent out a warning. You may turn to Rev. 14, and read the 9th and 10th verses." Charlie read, "'And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, if any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation.'" "This is the message to be given to men. The angel is symbolical of the messengers of God. This message is to be given with a loud voice. Men will have no excuse for being deceived. To every soul light will come that will illuminate the real situation. If this light is refused, of course, it will leave the soul in darkness, because he loves darkness rather than light. But you may rest assured that God will see that this message is fully under-stood by men. It is not his will that any should perish, but that all should come to repentence. The consequences of making an image to the beast are of unparalled seri-ousness,Šthe penalty being the unmingled wrath of God. Through all ages we have had judgments mingled with mercy. It is true that nations who have filled up the cup of their iniquity, have been destroyed from the earth as so much refuse. They stand as examples and beacons of warning to the world to day. This warning applies to  the whole world, and to every individual soul. It reads, `If any man worship the beast, . . . the same shall drink.' " "Then, mama, it would seem that every soul is to be warned, as every one is to be held accountable." "He who died for every soul, will see' that every soul has light as to whether he will receive the purchased sal-vation or not. But no force is employed in the gospel, save the power of divine love." "How is the worship of the beast to affect the whole world?" "Who are to worship the beast? Read Rev. 13:8." Charlie read, " 'And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.'" "We have seen in our former talks that the beast is,  simply the outworking of self, the manifestation of the natural, carnal, mind, whose origin is found in him who said, 'I will exalt my throne. . . . I will be like the Most High.' There are only two classes in all the world, Charlie. One class have submitted to the divine spirit to be cleansed from the carnal, selfish mind; the other have cherished the selfish, sensual, and devilish principles that lead to the oppression and murder of those who are un-like them. The beast is seen in every land where selfish-ness is displayed, and the mark of the beast, the sign of the exaltation of self above God, will surely be seen and enforced. "You know, dear, this is an age of signs. Every secret order has its sign. Of late the Christian world have been talking of adopting a flag as an emblem of Christianity. It is a white flag with a red cross, I believe. But this is not the sign that God would have displayed to mark out his true worshipers. To-day the line of demarkation be-tween the true follower of Christ, and the lover of the world, is to become very distinct. The religious legisla-tion that will enforce Sunday as a day of worship, will call forth a protest, and excite an investigation of the Word of Gad and the history of the past, that will result in making the truth clear, and in causing a division among men. Already thousands and tens of thousands have investigated this matter, and have taken their stand on God's side. They wear a sign of loyalty to Je-hovah. It is the sign of his creatorship, and therefore of his right to the service of the soul. 'For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it."' "That's a new thought to me, mama, but I can see that the Sabbath is a sign of God's authority and nature. He alone has a right to us." "Yes. He says, 'I gave them my Sabbaths to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them.' Again he says, 'Hallow my Sabbaths, and they shall be a sign between me and you.' The true Sabbath is a sign or seal of God. Looking forward to this very time when men should be seeking unto wizards, as we saw they were in our last 