CHARLEMAGNE BAPTIZING THE SAXONS. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 about the year 768 A. D. You should make a note of this have to get some one else to tell you the improbable date in your books, for now there was at last what the stories." world calls a great man seated upon the throne of Milly looked quite disappointed, but the profIssor France. He was a man of great energy, military genius, proceeded: "Charlemagne had a war with the Saxons, and wonderful achievements. He was also a great friend whichŁ lasted over thirty years; but they were finally of learning. But in those days, people did not have sueh forced to submit to the mightiest warrior of the age. But books to read as we do now, for you must not forget this war was another of those carried on in the name of that the art of printing had not yet been invented." religion. The zealous king wanted the Saxons to believe "I don't see," said Jennie Jacobs, "how in the world as he did. But I think he would have better succeeded they could learn anything without books, I have a hard if he had shown a more Christlike disposition toward his time nowadays to learn even with them"- enemies. Only think of his ordering the wholesale "Well, you see," replied Professor Carman. with a slaughter of four thousand helpless prisoners at once, and smile, " they had a few then declaring that the books, but they were very  war was carried on for ,expensive, and were all  the purpose of converting copied with pen and ink;  his,enemies!" so you may imagine the  Julia March raised her labor they involved. "It is said that Charle-magne made fifty-three warlike expeditions, and was 'always a victor, ex-cept in those against the Moors, who lived in Spain. Once when he was coming back home from one of these, 'he had to pass through the coun-try of the Basques, and when he was crossing the Pyrenees with his army, these Basques, who were friendly with the Saracens, threw down great rocks, stones, and tree trunks upon them. This killed many and so frightened the others, that they be-came an easy prey to the fierce Basques, who killed them without mercy." "0 I don't see how any one could have been so cruel," said Florence Ray, "it seems as if people were not half so bad as they were then." "But, Florence, human nature, without the renewing influence of the grace of God is pretty much the same in all ages. "It is from this battle that the romantic legend of Roland and Oliver sprang." "i've heard of them," said Harry Ray, who was a great reader. "0, please tell us about them," pleaded Milly Brown, who was very romantically inclined. "But, you see, I'm teaching truth now, and not fic-tion," said Professor Carman, with a smile, ' "so you'll  hand quickly. "I think he did not follow the teach-ings of Christ very closely, for he said, 'Love your enemies, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despite-fully use you and perse-cute you;' he didn't say to kill them." "No, indeed. Well, when Charlemagne 'had reigned thirty-two years as king of the Franks and Lombards, Pope Leo III crowned him also emperor of the Romans in the year 800 A. ra." Professor Carman paused a moment, as nearly all seemed to be very busy with their note books. When the eager eyes were again raised to his, he continued "Foreign princes and kings were all anxious to form a friendship with this wonderful man. The Caliph Haroun Al Raschid, the fa-mous hero of the 'Arabian Nights,' senthim a clock that struck, au elephant, and a monkey,'Šwonderful, curiosi-ties then. "He created what was called the 'School of the Pal-ace.' There Charlemagne would sit in great dignity, sur-rounded by his children, and some of the favored nobles, while Alcitm, a wise monk, brought on purpose from England, lectured to them about grammar, astronomy, and theology. "The emperor tried to learn to write. But his hands were so stiff and accustomed to the sword, that he made sad work of it. But so anxious was he to improve every 