FEBRUARY 8, 1894. _AMIE lEtll CAIN-  S   !HAN-Timor,. 47 Sider themselves loyal American citizens; being themselves ignorant of the politi-cal policy and claims of the close corpora-tion by which they are governedŠthe teaching church, the hierarchy. On the other hand the Catholic journals cannot deny what that hierarchy has openly proclaimed as canon law and the con-stitution of the papacy. They cannot be induced to respond to any challenge involving these facts, nor to admit any such information into their columns that might have the effect of opening the eyes of the millions, dupes of the hierarchy. They much prefer to remain doggedly silent, or whine for sympathy from non-Catholics quite as ignorant as millions of the hierarchy's own subjects of its aims and purposes. Rome ever wears a mask. ŠAmerican Constitution. Some Pennsylvania Law. PENNSYLVANIA has a law, enacted in 1855, which provides that bequests to reli- gious and charitable bodies shall be in-valid if the will be made within a month of the decedent's death. Some time since one, John L. Knight, of Philadelphia, made a bequest to the Friendship Liberal League, and then very inconsiderately died within thirty days. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has just set the will aside on the ground that the Liberal League is to all intents and purposes the same to its members as a church, and its creed and principles the same as a religion. Hence, the law of 1855 applies to this body. This decision seems to be all right, but the Christian Reformer finds fault with it, not because the Liberal League loses the bequest, but because of the ground upon which the decision was made. The Reformer says :Š This may be good law as far as it goes. But there are legal precedents that give a better ground for the denial of the validity of this bequest. The court inci-dentally referred to these grounds when it said in the present case: "Looked at from a Christian standpoint it might be said that such a bequest was irreligious and immoral, that it was unworthy to be treated as charity, and that its tendency was positively hurtful. This might be true from the point of observation oc-cupied by an impartial humanitarian or patriot." We have not seen the dissenting opinion of Justice Dean, but we presume that he holds to the decision given by such legal authorities as Justice Sharswood, who holds that a bequest to an infidel or antichristian society is null and void because of the intrinsically immoral and hurtful character of such an organization. We have no sympathy whatever with infidelity, but we have as little with the Christianity(?) that must be shielded be-hind civil statutes and be accorded special privileges to compete successfully with infidelity. A man has a right to hold and to teach any religion or no religion, and to devote his property to the promulga-tion of any doctrine he pleases while liv-ing, even in Pennsylvania; and having that right what kind of law is it that would deny him the right to do the same thing after death ? Certainly a man ought to be permitted to dispose of his property by will in any way that he might legally and justly dispose of it during his lifetime. C. P. B. THE Roman Catholics have, or at least had, McNamara, the anti-Catholic lec-turer in jail in Kansas City; and a popish paper suggests for him five years in the penitentiary. McNamara's offense is tell-ing the naked truth about the confes-sional and the nunneries. It is not to be supposed that Rome will stand that sort of thing very much longer in this country.  Already the Western Watchman boasts that if such things "were printed in a news-paper the sheet would be confiscated and its publisher fined ; " and when the bill in-troduced into the House, Dec. 13, 1893, by Mr. Hayes of Iowa, shall have become a law, everything of the kind can certainly be excluded from the United States mails. Rome is beginning to feel and exercise her power. Ł APROPOS of the leader in this paper on the subject of Roman Catholic lawless-ness, is the following editorial note from the Western Watchman (popish paper published in St. Louis, Mo.) :Š Mr. Tiernan wrote a very sensible letter to the Kan-sas City papers on the subject of the McNamara riot. He said the fellow should not be protected by the po-lice. If the substance of his lecture were printed in a newspaper the sheet would be confiscated and its pub-lishers fined. If it were sent through the mails the sender would be put in prison. Why should the po-lice be detailed to protect the speaker, when the writer is clapped in prison ? By all means leave the McNa-maras and the Slatterys to the "small boys." The Watchman's " small boys " are full-grown Roman Catholics, who generally, under the leadership of priests, resort to mob violence when anybody, especially an ex-priest or an ex-nun, goes to telling " tales out of school." These wayward " children of the church" know too much. IN addition to the note quoted in the preceding paragraph, the Watchman has, in the same issue, namely January 25, an editorial of nearly a column written in defense of mob law for anti-popish lec-turers. The Watchman says :Š Who can blame them [Roman Catholics] if they rise up to strike the blasphemer in the mouth ? These miscreant travellers should not be protected. If their occupation excites to riot they should be made to choose some other calling. If they cannot be re-strained by statute or ordinance let them carry their hides to the market; and if they get holed, let it be charged to the profit and loss of the business. The editor of the Watchman is a Roman Catholic priest, " Rev." D. S. Phelan, a professed minister of Him, " who when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not, but committed the keeping of his soul to him who judgeth righteously." But "as the heavens are higher than the earth," so are God's ways higher than the ways of the papacy. THERE is a vacancy in the Board of Regents of the University of this State, caused by the death of the Right Rev. Francis McNeirny, Catholic Bishop of Albany. This vacancy the legislature must fill by election, and as the place was formerly filled by a papist, some of the papers are urging that it be filled from the ranks of that communion. Touching this suggestion, the New York Sun (Dem-ocratic) says :Š The Republicans of the legislature are not likely to consult the Times-Union in filling this vacancy, though they may go to the town of Albany, where it is pub-lished, for their candidate. If they establish any religious test or condition of membership of the Board, they will be taking a new departure. The religious convictions of Regents of the University form no part of the qualifications of candidates. The old and well-established rule of filling such vacancies with reference to the question of fitness only, is a good one which cannot be departed from with safety. This is sensible. There is no sense in the idea that a Roman Catholic should be chosen simply because a member of that church formerly held the office. Men should be chosen for civil offices without the slightest reference to their religious faith. Our laws as yet know no religious qualifications for office. Since the foregoing was written, the fol- lowing item from the Albion, Nebraska, News, has come to our notice:Š The Catholic deputy sheriff has at last been an-nounced, and Phil Langan is the lucky man. They axe surely entitled to this much recognition for elect-ing the populist ticket last fall ; in fact, it is hard to believe that they will be satisfied with so insignificant a portion. Has it indeed come to this that the offices must be divided up among the churches ? THE Congressional Record of January 25, has the following, second column of page 1503:Š MR. FRYE. I introduce, by request of the officers of the National Reform movement, a proposed amend-ment to the Constitution, which I ask may be read and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. The joint resolution (S. R. 56) proposing an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States was read the first time by its title and the second time at length, and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, as fol-lows :Š " Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following amended form of the preamble of the Constitution of the United States be proposed for ratification by conventions in the several States; which, when ratified by conventions in three-fourths of the States, shall be valid as a part of the said Constitu-tion, namely :Š " PREAMBLE. "We, the people of the United States, devoutly acknowledg-ing the supreme authority and just government of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and nations; grateful to him for our civil and religious liberty, and encouraged by the assur. ances of his Word to invoke his guidance, as a Christian nation. according to his appointed way, through Jesus Christ, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution of the United States of America." The same joint resolution was introduced in the House on the same day by Mr. Morse of Massachusetts. It was in both cases referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. " Religious Liberty Library," No. 18. THIS important number of the Library is now ready. It is entitled " Christ and the Sabbath : or Christ's Faithfulness in Sabbath-keeping," being substantially the same matter as appeared in the November Home Missionary, as a sermon by Elder A. T. Jones, at the Lansing, Mich., camp meeting. It has been revised and very much improved, some important additions being made. It presents a striking par-allel between the course of the Pharisees and Herodians in accusing, persecuting, and even killing Christ, for not keeping the Sabbath according to their own ideas, and the course pursued by the " Pharisees and Herodians" of our own day against those who follow Christ's example. This is an excellent number to follow up Nos. 14, 15, and 16. " Christ and the Sabbath " shows what the true Sabbath is ; " Rome's Challenge " shows what the spurious Sabbath is ; " Our Answer " shows our attitude during the contest be-tween the true and the spurious Sabbaths; and No. 18 sets forth Christ as our exam-ple in continuing faithful to the true Sab-bath, and shows that since Jesus was persecuted for Sabbath-breaking when he was Sabbath-keeping, so when we are per-secuted for Sabbath-breaking when we are Sabbath-keeping, we are in " most blessed company." Will every Sabbath-keeper show his faithfulness by giving this number of the Library at least as wide a circulation as any previous number ? Thirty-two pages, price 4 cents; fifty for $1.00. Orders can be filled at once by the Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York. 