58 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Kentucky Court of Appeals has recently given a decision which affirms that property held by churches for income, such as rented houses, bonds, etc., is exempt from taxation. We imagine this will be very convenient for some individuals who are looking for a way to avoid paying taxes on their property. James T. Ringgold. WE were startled a few days since by the intelligence that this name, so familiar to the readers of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL, had been suddenly added to the long roll of those whose voices are but a memory and from whose hands the pen has dropped for ever. For a number of years Mr. Ringgold has been a prom-inent figure in the arena where is being fought the battle of civil and religious liberty against the forces which are seeking to erect upon the ruins of popular government, a despotic, man-made theocracy. While identified in reli-gious belief with a, prominent and popular churchŠthe EpiscopalŠhe stood ever aloof from and in opposition the movement with which the popular churches are so largely identified, for an enforced observance of the "Sabbath." He was able to rise above an environment in every way favorable to this ,movement, and to see clearly the principles of liberty and justice above the mists of church theology and tradition. Nor did he, as so many do, stop with merely acknowledging these prin-ciples; he was their active advocate whenever opportu-nity offered for his services. With the courage of his con-victions, he never hesitated in this because of the seeming weakness or unpopularity of the side which stood under the ban of "the law." It hardly need be said that Mr. Ringgold during this time rendered invaluable service to the cause of popular enlightenment upon the vital subject of the correct prin-ciples of free government. His works "The Legal Sun-day: Its History and Character," and the "Law of Sun-day," will remain unimpeachable witnesses upon this point. Mr. Ringgold was well known in his place of residence Baltimore) as a member of the bar and instructor in a school of law connected with Baltimore University. His death, which was sudden, is attributed to disease of the heart. "On Sunday." IT is wonderful how the imagination of many good people is affected by the simple fact of the occurrence of some particular thing "on Sunday." A writer in the Iowa HomesteadŠa Methodist min-ister and superintendent of a Sunday-schoolŠsays, "I have often thought that a gun sounded twice as loud on Sunday as on any other day." And that is just what a great many others have  thought. That is how it has seemed to them, not only as regards gunning, but other kinds of sport. A game of baseball, for example, seems twice as wicked to them on Sunday as on Monday or Tuesday. Even honest work seems to them to be criminal when done "on Sun-day." Now everybody knows that a gun really sounds not a bit louder on Sunday than on any other day; it is pure imagination which distinguishes any difference. And when we come to consider any innocent sport or recreation, and all honest work, as regards Sunday, we find nothing in either reason or revelation which marks them as being criminal or wrong on that day. We can only find that to many good people they sound twice as loud, or look twice as bad, or appear twice as wicked, etc. Yet it is upon just this basis that our Sunday laws, which put a special stamp upon things done "on Sun-day," have been established. But why should we not have laws that are founded upon fact rather than fancy? 0 a4 That Flag Salute. EDITOR THE SENTINEL : Our public schools in their present form were established and are supported by the stateŠall the people. They are to instruct the children in the sciences, and educate them in everything necessary to make them good citizens; but it does not follow that this instruction should be of a sectarian character. The state has no right to introduce into secular edu-cation in our public schools anything of a religious char-acter or that will in any way conflict with the religious scruples of those who support the schools. Now to introduce the flag salute as given in the Boul-der school, and which is being introduced in other schools all over the country, blends the secular with the religious. Those who give that salute in fact do not in nine cases out of ten if ever give their hearts to God. They thus solemnly assert they do something they do not do. But an atheist parent would object to his child say-ing that he gives his heart to a being that he did not be-lieve existed, and he has a right to object too. This also brings in the question of reading the Bible in the public schools, and many other religious forms, such as special costumes, etc. General Grant, in his memorable speech, laid down a correct principle, namely, that the matter of religion should be left to the family altar and the church. Let nothing of a sectarian nature be taught in the public schools. W. E. ARNETT. AW THE Chinese statesman, Li Hung Chang, has offered to provide the furnishing for an Episcopal school, or build an addition to its edifice, or proVide any financial help that is required, with the proviso "that the usual attendance at divine worship is not made compul-sory." 