As.VirEittircAm  Vol,. 0. 11/4to.  definite time is an essential element in the Sabbath law; and it is absolutely certain that God put it into that law, for he says : The seventh day is the Sabbath;" and again, Moses said to the Hebrew hosts : " To-morrow is the rest of the holy Sab-bath." And again at the crucifixion we have this testimony concerning the holy women that "they returned and prepared spices and ointments, and rested the Sab-bath day according to the commandment." The second question is dependent upon the first. But in any event it would not be the duty of civil government to do more than to recognize the right of people to rest whenever they wished to do so. Any government may set apart holidays mak-ing them dies non, but whoever heard of an enforced holiday, other than Sunday ? The Fourth of July and other days are legal holidays, but whoever heard of any one being arraigned before a police justice and fined for not observing the Fourth of July or Washington's birthday ? It is only the religious idea that gives rise to laws forbidding not only work but play on Sunday. No government has a right to confiscate the time of its citizens any more than it has to confiscate their money or other property, though it may decree that at certain times men shall not be re-quired to do business or to perform labor unless they wish to do so. But this is only to make a holiday, not a holy day. And no Sunday law advocate would be satisfied with such a law as that. It is the day that is to be protected, not the people. Another element enters into this ques-tion, namely, the element of conscience. While very many people have no scruples about resting on Sunday, some regard the fourth commandment not only as forbid-ding labor on the seventh day, but as, inferentially at least, forbidding the ob- servance of any other day in a similar manner. Every law must show in some way the authority by which it was enacted, and this the Decalogue does only in the fourth commandment. In that precept it is de- clared that the Giver of the law is he who created the heavens and the earth in six days and rested on the seventh. It is this fact that gives the Sabbath its memorial character. The Sabbath commandment is in fact the seal of the divine law, be-cause it is the precept that designates the Giver of the law, and states the ground of his authority to require obedience. In like manner the Sunday institution is the seal or mark of a rival power. It is set forth by the papacy, the "man of sin" of 2 Thess. 2: 3, as the badge of his au-thority to command men under sin. In a Catholic catechism, called the " Abridg-ment of Christian Doctrine," the Catholic Church asserts its power to change the divine law, in the following manner :Š Question. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days ? Answer. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of ; and there-fore they fondly contradict themselves by keeping Sun-day strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. Q. How prove you that.? A. Because by keeping Sunday, they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and *o command them under sin; and by not keeping the rest by her commanded, they again deny, in fact, the same power. Another Catholic " Doctrinal Cate-chism," offers the following as proof that Protestants are not guided by the Scrip-tures :Š Q. Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept ? A. Had she not such power, she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her ;Šshe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observ-ance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority. Q. When Protestants do profane work upon Satur-day, or the seventh day of the week, do they follow the Scripture as their only rule of faithŠdo they find this permission clearly laid down in the sacred vol-ume? A. On the contrary, they have only the authority of tradition for this practice. In profaning Saturday, they violate one of God's commandments, which he has never clearly abrogated.Š" Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day." It is evident that with those who believe Sunday to be a rival of the Lord's Sabbath, the badge of papal authority, its observ-ance would be equivalent to rendering homage to antichrist; hence their steady refusal to obey Sunday laws, and the willingness of some to suffer imprison-ment, the chain-gang, and even death itself rather than to so much as appear to regard Sunday as other than a common working day. It is not as some seem to regard it, simply a matter of the choice of days, but is with many a vital question directly affecting their salvation. C. P. B. Are the Georgia Sunday Laws To Be Enforced? IN November last, Elder W. A. Mc-Cutchen, pastor of the Seventh-day Ad-ventist Church in Gainesville, Ga., and Professor E. C. Keck, teacher of the Sev-enth-day Adventist school in the same place, were arrested for working on Sun-day, and brought before the Mayor's Court of the city of Gainesville. The charge made against them was that of disorderly conduct. This was because there was no local ordinance applicable to the case. The " disorderly conduct " consisted in the doing of carpenter work, on Sunday, in the Seventh-day Adventist Church building. The special work done was the making of seats for the little children who attended the school held in the same build-ing during the week. They were con- victed under this charge, in the Mayor's Court, and fined fifty dollars each, and costs. An appeal was taken to the higher court. In the meantime an indictment was found against them under the State law, and when the appeal case came up it was returned for re-appeal on technical pleas, which, although non-essential, the court saw fit to consider sufficient cause for sending the case back. This action postpones the Mayor's Court case for six months, while the trial under the indict-ment for the breaking of the State Sunday law comes up at the term of court begin- ning the third Monday in February. It is hardly possible that there is any inten- tion of subjecting these men to two trials for the same offense, so it is reasonable to suppose that the action taken in the Mayor's Court case is for the purpose of getting that out of the way to make room for the indictment and trial under the State law. This indictment reads as fol-lows :Š State of Georgia, Hall County. In the Superior Court of said county. The grand jurors, selected, chosen and sworn for the County of Hall, to wit: [Here follow the names of the grand jurors]. In the name and behalf of the citizens of Georgia, charge and accuse W. A. McCutchen and E. C. Keck, of the county and State aforesaid, with the offense of misdemeanor, for that the said W. A. McCutchen and E. C. Keck on the 19th day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, in the county aforesaid, with force and arms, did unlawfully then and there as a laborer, artificer,  and as workmen, work on and in the Seventh-day Adventist Church with planes, hammers, hand-saws and other tools (carpenters' tools) on said 19th day of November, 1893, the same being the Lord's day, said labor not being works of necessity or charity, contrary to the laws of said State, the good order, peace and dignity thereof. Superior Court, said county, January term, 1894. That portion of the Georgia code under which this indictment is brought reads as follows :Š Section 4579. Violating Sabbath. Any tradesman, artificer, workman or laborer, or other person what-ever, who shall pursue their business or work of their ordinary callings on the Lord's day (works of necessity or charity only excepted), shall be guilty of a misde-meanor, and, on conviction, shall be punished as pre-scribed in section 4310 of this code. The punishment prescribed in this sec-tion isŠ A fine not to exceed one thousand dollars, imprison-ment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang not to exceed twelve months, and any one. or more of these punishments may be ordered, in the discretion of the judge. These men did the work with which they are charged. They would, on no account, deny or attempt to disprove it. They are honorable, Christian men, and good citi-zens. They are gentlemen of education and ability. They possess by birth and heritage those finer qualities which so often characterize the gentlemen of the South,Šyet a law of their State puts it within the power of the judge of the superior court of Hall County to impose upon each of them the combined penalties of one thousand dollars fine, six months' imprisonment, and twelve months in the chain-gang. Is it credible that the citi-zens of Hall County, of the State of Geor-gia, of the United States of America,Šfor all are implicated in the shame of this,Šare blind to the iniquity of a law which makes possible such a thing as this ? It makes no difference what the result of this particular case may be, whether the pen-alty affixed by the court in this individual instance be light or heavy, or even if on some technical ground they be allowed to go free,Šthe principle remains the same, and the iniquity is there, so long as the law stands. This matter is up and it will not down while time lasts. But the end of the Georgia law on this subject has not yet been reached. If these men are convicted they become convicts, and of their disposition by the authorities the Georgia code says in section 4814 :Š In all cases where persons are convicted of misde-meanor, and sentenced to work in the chain-gang on the public works, or public roads, or when such per-sons are confined in jail for non-payment of fines im-posed for such misdemeanor, the ordinary of the county, and where there is a board of commissioners of roads and revenues of the counties, then said board of commissioners, and in those counties where there is a county judge, then the said county judge, where said conviction was had, or where such convicts may be confined, may place such convicts, in the county or elsewhere, to work upon such public works of the county, in chain-gangs, or otherwise, or hire out such convicts, upon such terms and restrictions as may sub-serve the ends of justice, and place such convicts under such guards as may be necessary for their safe keeping. It will be seen that this opens a remark-able opportunity for general dealing in convict labor. That this has been fully taken advantage of is evident from the facts stated in a very thorough article on this subject, published in the Atlanta Journal of February 6. In this article it is stated that three companies, which mu-tually own stock each in the other and really form one combine, hold a contract with the State of Georgia, by which the State agreesŠ to let them have all her convicts for 825,000 a year, the companies paying all the expenses, such as food- 