118 AMERICAN SENTINEL. scription, "Cmsar Augustus [such a year] after the tak-ing of Judea." The current coin of the country being thus Roman, proved that they were under subjection to the Roman emperor, Tiberius. And having obliged them to notice this fact, our Lord replied to their question, "Render, therefore, unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Civil government, which was necessary to prevent universal anarchy and crime, must be upheld by taxa-tion. It was equitable that in return for its advantages they should pay for its support. To be loyal subjects to a prince who had conquered them was a very different tiring from choosing a foreigner for their king. God had commanded their fathers -to serve their conqueror, the king of Babylon (Jer. 27:12-17), and they were ordered to seek the peace of his kingdom. To pay tribute and to render obedience in all secular matters to Cmsar was only to render to the sovereign hie due, and instead of interfering with their duty to God, was part of that duty. Nor were they responsible for the use Which Cesar might make of that tribute. Order must be maintained by law; law must be administered by civil officers, and supported, if necessary, by the military force, for which a revenue was requisite. And if the emperor were to em-ploy any surplus in the erection of heathen temples, in contributing to licentious theaters, or in 'enriching worthless favorites, they were not implicated in this irreligious or profligate expenditure. But the claims of the emperor must not interfere with superior claims. If they were to render to Cmsar the things of Csar, they must also render to God the things of God. The things of Caesar were tribute and obedience to the law; the things of God were faith, worship, and obedience. When Cesar claimed the payment of the tribute, he claimed what was his due; but should he claim dominion over -conscience, affect to control their creed, or interfere to regulate their worship, then he usurped the rights of God, and must be resisted. When Antiochus Epiphanes ordered their fathers to discontinue their sacrifices, to profane their Sabbaths, to deliver up their Bibles, and to set. up idols in their -country, their fathers justly refused obedience. In the same spirit the three Hebrew youths, though faithful subjects to Nebuchadnezzar, refused to bow down to his golden image; and Daniel, though blameless in his office as the prime minister of Darius, openly defied the decree which forbade the subjects of that prince for thirty days to pray to God. In paying tribute they would render to Cmsar the things of Cesar, and in an unreserved obedi-ence to the laws of God, both moral and ceremonial, they would render to God the things of God. Our Lord thus established a plain rule ofŁ action. In all secular things which do not interfere with the law of -God the sovereign isito be obeyed; but if the sovereign assumes the rights which belong exclusively to God, he -must be therein disobeyed and resisted. By this answer our Lord baffled his enemies. They could not accuse him fo the people because he main-tained that the whole law of God must be obeyed against all contrary commands; and they could not denounce him to the Romans, because he taught that all the rights of Cesar were to be conscientiously upheld. By this answer he condemned the Pharisees, who refused to Cesar the things of Caesar; and the Herodians, who neg-lected to pay to God the things of God. When the Phar-isees claimed entire obedience to the law of God, he as-sented to their doctrine, but condemned them for being seditious; when the Herodians claimed submission to the sovereign, he likewise assented to that opinion, but condemned them for allowing violation of the commands of God. All that was right in each opinion he estab-lished; all that was wrong he repudiated. In these few words he escaped their snare, condemned their errors, and established a maxim of universal application. The Bible, Protestantism, and Papacy. TRADITIONS OF MEN ANTI-PROTESTANT. BY S. B. HORTON. TRUE Protestantism does not only take the decided stand that the Bible is the all sufficient and infallibly safe guide in matters of soul salvation, but it takes an equally strong view against following the traditions of men, upon which the papacy builds and which she deems safer and more clear than holy Scriptures. The Protestant idea of the unreliability of tradition was most fully set forth in the memorable debate between Martin Luther and Dr. Eck, in Leipsic, in 1519. It was in the very beginning of the controversy between these two representative men that the question of the primacy of the Roman Church was made an issue. Luther chal-lenged. Eck on the point, when this reply was made by the champion of Rome's cause:Š "Well, then, I will come to the point. The worthy doctor calls upon me to prove that the primacy of the church of Rome is of divine right. I will prove it by this expression of Christ: 'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church.' Saint Augustine, in one of his epistles, has thus explained the meaning of this pas-sage: 'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock [that is to say, on Peter] I will build my church.' It is true that in another place the same father has explained that by this rock we should understand Christ himself, but he has not retracted his former exposition." Whereupon Luther gave expression to the underly-ing principle of true Protestantism in this forceful lang-nage:Š "If the reverend doctor desires to attack me, let him first reconcile these contradictions of Saint Augustine. For it is most certain that Augustine has said many times that the rock was Christ, and perhaps not more 