400 THE .ANIERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, No. 50 NEW YORK, DECEMBER 24, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AN exchange has the following:Š We never knew that a Sabbath was conducive to the health of swine; but the Swine Breeders' Asso-ciation know more about swine than we do, and they say the proposed opening of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday would deprive the animals on exhibition of the rest which is needed in order that they may appear at their best. The Swine Breeders' Association seems to have been giving free lessons in nat-ural history to the country at large. THE Christian Patriot, of Morristown, Tennessee, of the date December 15, has the following in its editorial paragraphs :Š The directors of the Chicago Fair, in spite of their proposal to trample on the laws of God, and of their country, and in the teeth of their solemn pledge, have the sublime impudence to ask Con-gress for a loan of five million dollars. Have the directors made this proposal ? So far they have not interfered with either the laws of God, or of the country. And if wise, they will continuo neutral, and avoid trampling on the laws of God by attempting a. civil enforcement of them. THE question of the relation of the Church to the State is agitating France, and the present activity of, the discussion takes its origin from the thoughtless act of a French Catholic pilgrim to Rome, who wrote on the church register of the Pantheon at Rome Š " Long live the Pope." This was understood as a bit of bravado directed against the Italian Gov-ernment, and in favor of the temporal power of the Pope. Excitement ran high, and the pilgrims were threatened with violence, until the situation became so serious that the French Government felt compelled to ask protection for 'French subjects in Italy,Što which the Italian au-thorities responded and suppressed all dis-turbances. Much bitter feeling, however, continued. In order to withhold further food for disorder, the French r  " Minister of Public Worship " sent a circular to the French bishops, requesting them not to promote or conduct any more pilgrimages to the holy city, for the present. To this very reasonable request, for the avoidance of difficulty which threatened interna-tional complications, the bishops returned in many instances disdainful and insolent replies. The Archbishop of Aix has been  brought before a civil court to answer for his language to a public officer, and re-sistance to the civil authorities. This Archbishop is a political prelate, and has taken a similar position, in France, to the Covenanters in this country in reference to voting. The French Chamber of Deputies has been drawn into the dis-cussion and much political, legislative, and religious, significance attaches to the matter. It is a part of the world-wide religio-political movement, of which the National Reform party and its allies are the exponents in this country. THE Christian at Work asks if the "American Sunday " must go, and' says :Š We are gratified to observe that among the first documents laid before the Senate at Washington were several memorials asking legislation for closing the World's Fair on Sundays. It is desired that Congress shall make Sunday closing one of the conditions in granting the additional appropri-ation asked for by the managers of the Fair. This point cannot be insisted upon too early or too strongly. The legal and constitutional attitude assumed by those who thus petition is inconsistent with any claim of intelligent loyalty to the principles of this govern-ment, or to the teachings of Jesus Christ. That the great majority of the leaders among the organized churches, and their followers, should be so utterly unable to understand these facts is remarkable, but no less strange than the delusions of false religion in previous ages of the world's history. IN response to the protest of the Evan-gelical Alliance of Switzerland, a few years ago, against the treatment accorded to the Lutherans in Russia, the most holy synod of the Russian Church announced officially that Russia understood, favored, and practiced, religious liberty. Yet, in the face of this statement, precisely the same intolerant course was persisted in. This system of religious persecution has been continued, until now it includes all dissenters from the established Church,  and the natural extension of the same policy is making itself felt in a gradual movement to exclude all foreigners. In this Russia is not alone, the gathering cry of the popular party in China is " China for the Chinese,"Š" Down with the for-eign devils!" But Russia and China are not alone; the United States is in their most excellent company. The entire body of the Church, in the United States, with all its appendages, is organizing to crush dissent and enforce the observances which are said to distinguish American Chris-tianity. The Chinese are excluded, and "America for the Americans" is rapidly becoming a popular watchword. Upon the evidences of national intolerance in Russia the World says editorially :Š The new policy of "Russia for the Russians" means not alone the expulsion of foreigners but the stamping out of all religious nonconformity. The repudiation of all that belongs to the civilization of the West and the revival of all the traditions of medimvalism are the chief aims of the Russian statesmanship of to-day. And of this process of barbarous retrogression the Czar is at once the author and chief promoter. If the barbarous autocracy of the Czar is the moving force in Russia, and the fury of heathenism in China, what is the impulse which is directing affairs in this country in the same channel ? A WRITER in the Christian Statesman says, in regard to the World's Fair :Š It is a mistakeŠa mistake that it is not too late to correctŠthat the petitions against Sunday opening have not been sent to Congress itself, in addition tc the Commission, which is only a committee of Con-gress. . . . Congress should seal the closing by a national law. This insister upon Sunday closing knows very well that the Fair, as a whole, is in no sense under the jurisdiction of Con-gress. If it were why are Chicagoans coax-ing for a $5,000,000 loan ? Why is it left to each State Legislature to appropriate such a sum as it deems necessary to repre-sent the State suitably at the Fair ? If this were so, Congress would have only to levy a pro rata tax on each State for the expense of the Exposition, and pocket the pro-ceeds, instead of Chicago having the ex-clusive handling of the money. Take Notice. THIS paper completes our volume of fifty numbers. The next issue will bear date of January 7, 1892. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEWS= TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards - religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s, Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 13 Bond Street, New Tort. Ł Ł Ł  THE Louisville Courier Journal sees the onward " march of paternalism " in po-litical and governmental affairs in this country and expresses itself, without re- serve, in reference to the exhibition of this tendency in the highest branch of the Government. The Courier Journal says :Š The impression seems to prevail in the Senate that there is no interest which does not need 'the direction, supervision, protection, and encourage-ment of the Sanhedrim at Washington. Evidently the senators are losing their faith in popular gov-ernment. They believe that the people are unequal to the task of taking care of themselves. We are sceptical upon this point. We have seen no indica-tion at any recent session of Congress that the senators were endowed with superhuman wisdom. They will need to be superhuman when they are required to put all the civil usages of this Nation on an undeniable religious basis, and maintain them there. 