152 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NINE persons are reported to have been arrested re-cently in Toronto, Ont., charged with "unlawfully prac-ticing sorcery, witchcraft, and enchantment in attempts to tell fortunes." The law under which these arrests were made is an act passed during the reign of George II., and if convicted the parties are liable to a year's im-prisonment and a fine of one hundred pounds. It is stated that these nine individuals are phrenologists, palmisters, clairvoyants, and'spiritualists. * * Or course, it is not within the province of civil law to deal with sorcery and witchcraft. That was at-tempted in Massachusetts back in colonial days, and one of the darkest chapters in American colonial history was the outcome of it. Witheraft and sorcery are for-bidden by ScriptureŠby the law of God; and if it were proper for the civil power to administer the law of God and punish people for its violation, it would be proper to put people to death now for being sorcerers and wiz-ards, as was done in Salem in the days of Cotton Mather; for death is the penalty which God's law provides. This, indeed, is the penalty for every transgression of the di-vine will; and therefore the attempted enforcement of the law of God by the civil power would only result in the extermination of the human race wherever the civil power could reach them; since "all have sinned," and "sin is the transgression of the law." The civil law can only protect rights; it cannot enforce righteousness. * * * A "SOLDIER who ate beef.' during the late campaign in Cuba, has written to a paper in this city stating some facts about the experience of himself and his comrades with that article of army diet. He says that the soldiers "made a horrible attempt" to eat it, and that "eating it whiskers and all was a little difficult"Šan allusion to the fungus growth termed the "beard" which appears on decaying meat. When their supply of "fresh" meat was driven up before them at Santiago, the surgeon-major, sniffing the air and uttering an exclamation, said "Have they a corpse in that wagon?" In this remark the surgeon-major touched the root of the whole diffi-culty. There was a corpseŠor a part of oneŠin the wagon; and it is in the nature of a corpse to decay, and become altogether unfit for food. From the experience the troops have had in this matter, the Government may well find reason to pause and consider the question  whether corpse is really the!best food for the men who are L.,liting its battles. Certainly no such results as those reported would have followed the use of any other food than corpse, and no such scandal would have arisen to taint the military department of the Government. * THE great hindrance to the preaching of the gospel all over the world, said the Archbishop of Canterbury, recently, in speaking before the Church Institute of For-eign Missions, is the irreligious life led by so many of the people who are carrying commerce to other nations. In other words, the greatest hindrance to the spread of the gospel in heathen lands is the unchristian character of the average representative of the "Christian" nations. * REPORTS from the Philippines make it plain that that far-distant section of terra firma is at best a poor place for American husbands and sons. The climate is deadly to foreigners, and 4,000 of the 20,000 men under General Otis are reported sick from small pox, fever, and other diseases. A soldier writing from Manila sends this news:Š "Manila is getting Americanized. Before I left I saw a sign printed in English, which said: 'Americans, Atten-tionlŠGin, 1 cent.' "But the boys do not like the place. An enthusiastic California volunteer said to me: 'I would rather be a lamppost in San Francisco than governor general of all the Philippines.' That represented the general opinion of the boys. They were all thinking of home." IN North Carolina, by recent action of the legisla-ture, the negro has been practically disfranchised. This has been done by a constitutional amendment which prescribes educational, property, and tax qualifications which comparatively few negroes in the State possess, That the amendment is aimed against the negroes and not against ignorance and the lack of property, is evi-dent from the fact that a provision is added in it allowing any person to vote who was entitled to vote on January 1, 1867, or at any time prior thereto, or whose ancestors were so entitled to vote. The ne-groes in North Carolina not having been entitled to vote prior to that time, they are of course excluded under the present provision, in contrast with the whites. And be-sides this, an amendment to the educational laws is also proposed under which, it is stated, negroes will be de-prived of their present educational opportunities to aŁ considerable extent. * This action by the legislature of North Carolina isŁ indirectly in defiance of the national Constitution, which provides that "No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi- 