90 THE A.1VIERIC.AN SENTINEL. "Surely there is need to revise their basis in sea-son before they can proceed rationally in legisla-tion. Selling beer is no more a sin on Sunday than on other days. The reasmn why more crimes of violence are done on Sunday than on other daysŠif that is a factŠis not that the saloons are open, but that men are idle. The good of a day of rest for the toilers has to be taken with the draw-back of this unavoidable evil from idleness and in-dulgence of the appetites. The cause is the cessa-tion of labor." This argument is perfectly sound. And further: When the State enforces a day of idleness it subjects men to the penalties of fine and perhaps imprisonment for following their perfectly honest and laudable occupations on that day, while if they will only remain idle, they may gamble or ca-rouse, and run hither and thither in almost any reckless way with perfect immunity. Such an act on the ,part of the State at once relegates honest occupations to the realm of crime, and puts a pre-mium upon idleness and recklessness. No such thing can ever be done with safety to civil so-ciety. The following words of the California Su-preme Court of 1858 are aptly appropriate just here :Š " When we come to inquire what reason can be given for the claim of power to enact a Sunday law, we are told, looking at it in its purely civil aspects, that it is absolutely necessary for the ben-efit of man's health and the restoration of his pow-ers, and in aid of this great social, necessity, the Legislature may, for the general convenience, set apart a particular day of rest, and require its ob-servance by all. "This argument is founded on the assumption that mankind are in the habit of working too much, and thereby entailing evil upon society; and that, without compulsion, they will not seek the necessary repose which their exhausted natures demand. This is to us a new theory, and is con-tradicted by the history of the past and the obser-vation of the present. We have heard, in all ages, of declamations and reproaches against the vice of indolence; but we have yet to learn that there has ever been any general complaint of an intemperate, vicious, unhealthy, or morbid industry. On the contrary, we know that mankind seeks cessation from toil from the natural influences of self-preser-vation in the same manner and as certainly as they seek slumber, relief from pain, or food to ap-pease their hunger." Some may say that this argument reflects upon the wisdom of the Creator in appointing a Sab-bath-day, and commanding that upon it there shall be no work. But it does not. God com-mands men to do no work on the Sabbath, for a purpose;-1-the purpose of setting apart the Sab-bath as a day to himself in which no work shall be done is that men shall worship the Creator and honor him as such. And in the worship of God and the holy sanctions with which he has surrounded the Sabbath, there are compensations which more than counter-balance that which would otherwise be idleness. In appointing the Sabbath, and commanding men to observe it and perform acts of worship in his honor, God in no way either enforces or promotes or sanctions idle-ness. The benefits which the Sabbath, with its worship and its holy sanctions, brings to men makes it anything but a day of idleness, and can never tend in any degree to idleness. And right here-; those who are working for what they call Sabbath laws, to compel men to do no work on a certain day, are brought into a dilemma. For, for the State to attempt to compel men to do no work during one'wholesday of the week can be nothing else than to enforce idleness, because the State never can furnish those holy sanctions which belong with the Sabbath of God,  and which alone prevent it from being a day of idleness. And as "Satan always finds some-thing for idle hands to do," as idleness is only a root of wickedness, any such effort on the part of the State is only to sanction wickedness and to multiply the elements of evil. Either this, or else the State is compelled to try to supply the compensations which God has attached to his Sab-bath, and compel men to observe it religiously, and as a holy day. But any attempt to enforce - religious observances only makes hypocrites, and multiplies sin, because love for God is essential to every act of religious duty. For a man to pre-tend to render obedience or homage to God when he has no love for God in his heart, only dishon-ors God, and does violence to man's own nature. For anybody to obey God or perform religious observances from interested motives is sin; and for the State to exert its power to compel men to act religiously and to honor God, does force them to act from interested motives, and, consequently, is only to compel them to commit sin. But hypocrisy and sin increased and multiplied by the exertion of national power, can end only in ruin, and that in a little while. Therefore, it is only at its peril that the State can ever enforce the observance of a Sabbath. For to enforce it without its religious sanctions is only to enforce idleness, which can only end in more wicked-ness; and for the State to attempt to sup-ply the religious sanctions is only to enforce hy-pocrisy, multiply sin, and so increase unto more ungodliness. Therefore the sum of the whole matter is, as we have stated often, and as we have proved from the direct statement of Scripture, that civil government can never of right have any-thing to do with the observance or non-observance of the Sabbath. Dr. Hall, in naming idlers as the first of the bad elements in our large cities, makes an un-answerable argument against his own effort to se-cure Sunday laws and their enforcement. A. T. J. What They Have to Meet. THE Christian Statesman of March 14 has considerable correspondence from the Pacific Coast, to which it calls special attention. Its California correspondence is all about the Sun-day law which didn't materialize. One corre-spondent who writes from the Senate Chamber at Sacramento, gives a very fair account of the effort made by the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, et al., to secure such a law, and of the reception which the bill met in the Senate. After speaking of the defeat of the bill, and the determination of its friends to keep up the struggle, he says :Š " The best organized and most consistent opposi-tion of this work is that of Seventh-day Advent-ists. They present arguments in a way that com-mends them to the minds of many men. The following conversation illustrates the arguments they use:Š " Question .Š'Why do you Adventists so strenu-ously oppose the passage of laws against allowing saloons, prize-fights, gambling-houses, etc., to be conducted on SundayŠtake the present bill for illustration ?' "Answer --' We don't oppose closing them up on Sunday. Close them up every day in the week, and then they will be closed up on Sunday.' But isn't it a partial victory to get them closet up on one day of the week?' "A.Š' No, not any more than it would be to have a law against murder or stealing 'S.1  Sunday. A law stopping them only on Sunday, is a law  tacitly admitting them to be right on other days. It gives these places that ruin our children ap-pearance of respectabilityŠand apparent sanction of the lawŠand it makes them worse than they were before. It is on the principle of high license Šone of the devil's most delusive traps.' "Q.Š` But do not Christians have a right to be protected in their worship on Sunday?' "A.Š' Most assuredly they have. We have no Sunday law in this State now, yet Christians are protected in their worship. It was only the other day, as you know, one man in San Francisco was sentenced to an imprisonment of fifty days, and another to an imprisonment of thirty days, for dis-turbing a meeting on Sunday. Laws should pro-tect all in their religious observances, but compel none.' " Q.Š' But why do you oppose Sunday laws when Sabbatarians are exempted ? ' "A Because a person has a right to refrain from resting just as much as he has a right to rest. We are opposed for the same reason we would be opposed to laws compelling everybody to worship Christ, except those who conscientiously worship some other deity. Laws cannot of right interfere with an individual's rights, either positively or negatively. The infidel has a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness just as much as a Christian. Says our Constitution: "All men are created equal." I wouldn't ask for an exemption clause. If the laws are right it is wrong to exempt. There should never any exemption be made to a just law.' "These are the arguments that have to be met. The Adventists are just about as obstinate as the traditional Quaker; and their views on religious liberty are quite similar. An Adventist would go to jail and stay there indefinitely before he would pay what he considers to be an unjust fine. These facts and arguments are particularly responsible for the course just taken by the Legislature of Cali-forni a." With the exception of attributing to the Con-stitution the language of the Declaration of In- dependence, we do not see what fault can be found with this statement. If it were not for that error, we should be tempted to think that the writer is not a National Reformer; but his evi-dent unfamiliarity with the great charter of American liberty shows him to be one. How-ever, if those are the arguments which have to be met against Sunday laws, it is certain that National Reformers have a big job on hand. Unfortunately they don't meet them. They dodge them every time. In that same issue of the States- man is an instance of how such arguments are ignored. But nevertheless the Statesman has for once given its readers a good sample of the jus-tice of the opposition, and of sound reason. Its failure to answer those arguments, and the fact that it is fully committed to a course which is opposed to so reasonable a position, shows at once the weakness and the iniquity of its own course. A Difficulty. -MR. CRAFTS and the American Sabbath Union have the thing very nicely arranged in regard to Sunday mails in cases of sickness. The original Sunday-Rest bill allowed letters to be delivered on Sunday if it was certified on the face of the envelope that the matter within concerned the health, life, or decease of any person; but this was omitted from the revised bill as unnecessary, on the ground that the telegraph would answer every purpose. But in a speech in Detroit, Mich., February 11, before a meeting of the Evangelical Alliance, Mr. H. B. Ledyard, President of the Michigan Central Railroad, made a point which might not be so easily disposed of. Said he:Š " The absolute cessation of Sunday work would 