"NrAgret1111) HAPD  '8°1Ł 1 /ive1&  152 THE AJVIERICAN SE,'NTIN Vol. 7, No. 19. NEW YORK, MAY 12, 1892. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE young man sent to jail in Mary-land, for contempt of court for refusing to testify on the Sabbath, whose case was referred to in these columns last week, was released, after three days' imprison-ment and the payment of a small fine. 0Š As an evidence of the growth of Sun-day-law sentiment, F. W. Ware, one of the secretaries for the American Sabbath Union, cites the fact that whereas three years ago, at the first annual meeting of the Union held in New York City, it was possible to get an attendance of only fif-teen persons besides the officers, now they have no trouble in filling the largest build-ings at any time. Š0  Š THE American Sabbath Union has ef-fected an organization in Battle Creek, Mich., the stronghold of the Seventh-day Adventists, and interesting times may be expected. The Adventists have in Battle Creek, a large publishing house employing over three hundred hands, a college, and one of the largest sanitariums in the world. The mayor of the city only a few years ago was an Adventist, but as a gen-eral thing they take very little part in political contests. ŠoŠ THE article on another page, " The Es-tablishment of Religion by Colonial Grant and Charter," shows that the European sovereigns who claimed this country by right of discovery did seek to extend to this Continent the Church and State regime of the Dark Ages. And that for a time they were measurably successful is a matter of history. But that these charters were like the laws of the Medes and the PersiansŠforever unalterableŠhas not, until recently, been generally understood. Until the recent decision by the Supreme Court that this is a Christian Nation, because of these charters, etc., it was very generally supposed that the First Amendment to the Constitution terminated once and forever any influence that colonial lawn, with a Church and State caste of countenance, might have previ-ously had; but in the light of the wisdom (?) which now shines from the Supreme bench of the Nation, the old colonial charters aro seen to be above the Constitution! Hence the importance of becoming familiar with those musty documents. THE Mail and Express bewails the fact that the bill providing that the Park De-partment may include in its yearly esti-mates an additional seventy thousand dol-lars to be devoted to the expenses of the Metropolitan Museum of Art has become a law, having received Governor Flower's signature. By the terms of the bill, the Museum is to be kept open to the puplic two nights in the week and on Sunday free of charge. THE New York Sabbath Committee, so-called, has received from England a peti-tion praying that the World's Fair be closed on Sundays. The petition is ac-companied by a request that it be sent to the United States Columbian Commission-ers. It is forwarded by Charles Hill, Sec-retary of the Workingmen's Sunday Rest Association, and bears the autographs of such "horny-handed sons of toil" as bish-ops, peers of the realm, members of Par-liament, etc. Š0Š JOSEPH COOK is carrying the Sunday-closing war right into Chicago, the strong-hold of the enemy. April 24 " he spoke at the Union Park Congregational Church, declaring that the Chicago that put down anarchy should not allow the Nation's Sab-bath to be trampled upon, and that Sunday opening of the Exposition would double murders, make the saloons tyrants, and create anarchy and 'crime." Mr. Cook has a lively imagination; but it is not un-likely that his predictions of evil will be put to the test of experience. The indi-cations are that the Fair will not be closed on Sunday, at least not entirely. _0_ SEVERAL of the agents or " detectives " of the Pittsburg Law and Order League have been getting into trouble with the police of that city. One of these men ac-cused of wife-beating jumped his bail and is now in parts unknown; another is awaiting trial upon a criminal charge; while another, a creature named Flynn, . alias Magee, is in custody awaiting the result of a criminal operation performed upon a woman whom he calls his wife. Commenting editorially upon these facts, the Pittsburg Press, of April 27, says :Š The high moral 'standing of the men who work for the Law and Order society is being illustrated more and more impressively as time goes on. The third Law and Order agent was arrested yesterday and will have to answer a most serious charge. The indications are that Thomas Flynn, or McGee (for the gentleman has pursued the questionable course of wearing different names at different times and places), is as bad as, or worse than, his fellow-rascals who beat and deserted their wives, and deceived other women. Flynn, alias McGeeŠis charged with a crime that may yet resolve itself into murder. . . Agent McClure is reported to have said that the society has nothing to do with the morals and character of its agents. This is a weak excuse that will not weigh at all with a true moral sentiment. The dirty private character of the agents, combined with the dirty work they do for an inconsistent, fanatical society, has excited the disgust of all  decent people, and the work of the Law and Order society must be injured by it. The fact appears to be that decent men cannot be induced to do the in-decent work required by a Law and Order con-spiracy, for boodle. The fact is that the so-called agents or detectives of the Law and Order society are only disreputable spies with neither morals nor reputation to sustain, and so, utterly reckless and irresponsible. A law and order crusade managed by such men is worse, if anything, than White Cap out-rages, because in this case the outrages are perpetrated under color of law. Š0-- A SPECIAL telegram from Chicago, under date of May 3, says The people who are trying to close the World's Fair on Sundays have made a sad mess of it. They turned in petitions to-day from the States of Mich-igan and Ohio, and in both cases the number of names is several hundred thousand more than the last United. States census of the States. On the Michigan petition the number is 800,000 greater than the census returns. This is a demonstration of the very great superiority of the new method of pe-titioning, advised by the Christian States-man, namely, by representative signa-tures. In this way the same persons are counted again and again, as nowadays almost everybody belongs to several or-ganizations. The plan has worked only too well in the States named. Mr. Crafts might as well add this to his collection of " pious frauds." Š0Š THE Corresponding Secretary of the National Religious Liberty Association has just been informed that charges have been preferred against twenty indi-viduals at Mt. Pleasant, Texas, for Sun-day labor. The accused are observers of the seventh day. If these Sunday laws are designed simply to elevate and help the " poor laboring man," why is it that they are enforced so strictly against those who religiously and conscientiously ob-serve the seventh day ? Can not they rest on Saturday, and get just as much good out of it as those do who rest on Sunday ? And if so, why undertake to compel them to observe a day that they do not regard as the Sabbath? It is simply some of the religious intolerance that has ever prompted men to be meddling with other people's religious convictions. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL. DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. - In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, Wk. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, 