242 A.MniFEJICJA.N VoL. 11, No. 31. Testimony of the Scriptures. Bat there is a true Christian citizenship, which is possessed only by Christians, and pertains to that country the only, knowl-edge of which comes through the avenue of faith. The Scriptures speak very clearly upon this subject, and to them we naturally turn for information. In his letter to the Ephesians, the apostle Paul points them to the change which had been wrought in their condition by their faith in Christ. He tells them that "in time past" they had been "without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, hav-ing no hope, and without God in the world. But now," he continues, ".in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ. . . Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints, and 'of the household of God." Eph. 2:12-19. Here is set before us a citizenship which is shared only by the saints. This is a citizenship which does not pertain to this world. This is clear from the fact that it is held exclusively by the saints. The most wicked of men share freely in all the privileges which this world has to bestow. But they do not share in those privileges which come through faith in Christ. Some Eminent Examples. The same truth is set forth in the examples left us by eminent Bible characters from ear-liest times. We cannot do better than to notice the course of some of these men in this respect. Abraham was one of the prominent men of his time, being at the head of a large bouse-hold, rich in worldly possessioils, and having the respect and esteem of kings. He was free to go almost where he might choose, and establish himself in the enjoyment of all that which was sought and enjoyed by the heathen princes around him. But we read of Abra-ham that he left his native land at the com-mand of God, and went through the country as the Lord directed him, not seeking any permanent place of abode, nor aiming to enroll his name among the great of earth. God had made Abraham a promise, and that promise, as the apostle Paul tells us, was that he should be the heir of the world. Rom. 4: 13. He Sought no Christian Citizenship on Earth. But Abraham understood that this prom-ise was to be realized not through " the law," or through force of arms, or through the bal-lot box, but " through the righteousness of faith; " and he sought it only in that way. We read,  of him that " By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange coun-try, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise. For he looked for a city which bath founda-tions, whose builder and maker is God." Heb. 11: 9, 120. In the same connection, we are told concerning these ancient Christians that they "died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country. And truly if they had been mind-ful of that country from which they came, out, they might have had opportunity to have re-turned. But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly; wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God, for he bath prepared. for them a city." [Italics ours.] Abraham did not look for the fulfillment of God's promise in this present world, or by worldly means; but he looked, forward by faith to a " new heavens and a new earth "Šthe " heavenly country "Šand a city " whose builder and maker is God," to be created in the execution of God's great gospel plan, the central act of which was the great sacrifice on Calvary. The Saviour said of Abraham, speaking to the Jews, " Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day; and he saw it, and was glad." John 8: 56. Joseph, the son of Jacob, was in high honor at Pharaoh's court, holding the position of governor over all the land of Egypt. He was exalted among earth's great men, but it was not upon this that he set his heart, nor upon anything connected with the land of Eg3pt. We read that " By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing -of the children of Israel, and gave commandment concerning his bones." Heb. 11:22. Re-ferring to the record in Genesis, we learn that " Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence." He, like Abraham, had his heart set upon another country than that in which he had achieved earthly greatness. Moses was a man brought up at the court of Pharoah, and honored by all in Egypt, be-ing heir to the throne, and a man " mighty in word and in deed." But he renounced all this and identified himself with a race of slaves, in order that he might gain that bet-ter, " heavenly " country, and share the priv-ileges of its citizenship. Daniel, the Hebrew captive at the court of Nebuchadnezzar, was exalted by the latter to great eminence in the government of Babylon, birt in every place, and in all that he did, .he maintained his integrity toward God. The illustration on the proceeding 'page sets forth his faithfulness to God while chief of the three presidents appointed over the realm by King Darius. His enemies would not have found an occasion against him if he had not been accustomed to pray three times each day with the windows of his room opened toward Jerusalem. It was not upon anything that he had enjoyed in Babylon, under either the reign of Nebuchadnezzar or of Darius, that he had set his heart. His thoughts were upon Jerusalem. He was in Babylon as a stranger and a pilgrim. The longing of his soul, ex-pressed in his earnest prayers to God and in his searching of the books of prophecy, was that he might see the captivity of his people turned, and the kingdom of Israel restored again in his beloved city. But that kingdom looked forward in purpose to the coming of the promised Messiah; and this it was to which the prophet looked, and which seemed by the captivity to have been set aside. Dan, iel looked forward to the setting up of the kingdom of Christ. He had in view the promise made by God to Abraham, which was to be fulfilled in the inheritance of the earth by the faithful. Conscience in Secular Business. Daniel was a man who took his conscience into his business, which was that of civil ruler in the province of Babylon. No better exam-ple does history afford of Christian integrity in the conduct of secular affairs; no better can be furnished by any man living to-day. Yet Daniel did not impose his religion upon any one. There was no mixing of religion with politics in his official life. His influence was not given to the enactment of religious laws. He simply lived a life of perfect up-rightness in the sight of his fellowmen, con-ducting the affairs of his office with such hon- esty and justice that his enemies were forced to acknowledge that no fault could be found in him. And by this very thing Daniel did a wonderful work in spreading the knowledge of the true God. Would that there were many who would imitate him in the higher walks of public life to-day. It is by the life of Christian integrity that righteousness is to be preached and men brought into the path of obedience to moral requirements, and not by religious " laws." Christian citizenship is the same thing to-day that it was, in the days of these ancient worthies. It is citizenship in the land of promise,Šthe promise made to Abraham that he should be the heir of the world. We read that "to Abraham and his seed were the promises made;" and " they which be of faith, the same are the children of Abraham." Gal. 3:7, 16. Therefore those who are of faith to day, are heirs with Abraham of the world,Šnot this world, with its curse and ruin caused by sin, but that new earth which shall spring forth at the word of God from the ashes of this present earth, which is to be burned up by the fires of the day of wrath. 2 Peter 3:10-13. " The meek shall inherit the earth, and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace." Ps. 37:11. Christian citizanship, therefore, is not of this world. It cannot be attained by any earthly means. Wealth cannot purchase it, power cannot grasp it, votes cannot establish it anywhere. It is to be secured only by faith in Christ, just as Abraham and the other righteous men of old secured it. If we would work to spread the blessings of Christian cit-izenship among our fellows, we must live the life that they lived. We must follow-the ex-ample of Jesus Christ. We must not pro-claim that Christ's kingdom is of this world; we must not seek to have affairs which pertain to this world. conducted on a religious basis. s. SUNDAY CRUSADE CRUSADE AT GROVELAND, MASS. THE Sunday crusade has broken in upon the public peace in the village of Groveland, near Haverhill, Mass. Close to the village is a very popular summer resort, called " The Pines," largely patronized by laboring people who cannot afford a vacation at the seaside. Here on Sundays and other days came those who sought a change from the atmosphere of town and city, and enjoyed a trolley ride through the country to the resort, where they could obtain refreshments and listen to a band concert on Sunday afternoons. All went quietly and pleasantly until Sun-day, July 19, when several apostles of the Sunday crusade visited the resort for the pur-pose of getting evidence against persons en-gaged in secular business on the grounds. The result of their spying was that several residents of the village were fined $10 each for violating the "sabbath." A clergyman of the village, Rev. Louis Berry, testified at the trial, and was largely instrumental in securing the convictions. So indignant were the peo-ple of Groveland made by the affair that they hung the clergyman in effigy to a beam of the; Groveland bridge, where it. was allowed to re-main for several days. The Haverhill Bul-letin, from which we gather these facts, adds: " The result can hardly be imagined, but the town is in an uproar over the occurrence, and the feeling against the minister and his col-leagues is intense. Interesting developments are likely to follow, as several citizens were heard to remark that the affair was not settled by any means." That clergyman stood befgge the peovle of 