,10;1871., Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JANUARY 22, 1891. NUMBER 4.. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. ELACITOCI at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - Ł ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. WHEN any man is nominated for an elective office because he is a Baptist, Methodist, or Romanist, all Americans should scratch him. He is put on the ticket solely for his bigotry and lack of Americanism.ŠLoyal American. IN answer to a request sent to them by the Independent, ' for their views as to whether the Columbian Exposition should be open on Sunday, one hundred and nine-teen members of Congress responded. Of this f  number, sixty- two expressed them-I selves as opposed to Sunday opening, fifty favored keeping the Exposition open on that clay, and seven declined to express any opinion. THE Christian Statesman thinks that the pamphlet by Richard B. Westbrook, President of the American Secular Union, in which he argues that the Bible should not be read in the public schools because of its defective morality, " will be helpful to the friends of the Bible in the schools." This is just what we said when we first read Mr. Westbrook's argument. Secu-larism is wounded in the house of its friends by such productions as this by the President of the Secular Union. THE" London correspondent of a New York paper days :Š The stock excuse of the Sunday-law party is, that their great objection to the secularization of the Sunelaris the fear that eventually it will lead to a compulsory continuation of all work for seven days a week. This statement has induced a number to  take that side of the question who otherwise would not do so. But in these days of workers' combina-tions the tendency is toward less work and more pay, so there is very little probability of such fears being realized ; but, of course, this is only an excuse, and nothing more. This is true. In California, where they have no Sunday law, the tendency is not toward seven days' work per week ; in-deed, there, as everywhere else, the trend is toward shorter hours and fewer days of labor, with a corresponding increase of opportunities for recreation. Working people who join in the demand for Sunday laws in the hope that they will thereby improve their condition, are unwittingly submitting their necks to the yoke of a religious despotism. The "World" and the Constitution. NOT long since the World mentioned the appeal of the King case from the Ten- nessee to the United States Court. " The appeal being taken," says the World, " upon the plea that such a statute is an infringement of the Fourteenth Athend- ment in that it abridges the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States," and then presents the following curious piece of political and constitutional wisdom :Š If this proposition can be maintained it may be addressed to a State Court as well as to the United States Court, and it comes within the provisions of the State as well as of the Federal Constitution. There is, in fact, no doubt that the State has power to prohibit labor on Sunday. It may even put silly and unjust restrictions on personal liberty. Such Sunday laws are bad, but the establishment of the right of the Federal Government to overturn State statutes would be worse. The " original package " decision carried us a good way in the wrong direc-tion. We certainly should go no further. The more a citizen depends upon his State and the less the Federal Government touches him, the better for every individual and for our form of government. How this proposition could be addressed to the State Court as well as the United States Court, it would be well for the World to explainŠor rather it might be well for the World to explain how it thinks it could be addressed to the State Court at all. That provision of the United States Constitution is itself addressed to the States. It says, " No State shall make or enforce any law abridging the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." The question of such a proposi-tion can never arise except as between a State and a citizen of the United States. These are the parties to the controversy; and yet the World presents the singular idea that the citizen of the United States is to appeal to the other party in the con-troversy for decision in his case. That is, one of the parties in this controversy is to be judge in its own case, and to decide for itself and for the other party the con-stitutionality of the question in dispute The World would introduce a queer ele-ment into jurisprudence. Again, by the statement that the estab-lishment of the right of the Federal Govern-ment to overturn State statutes would be worse than Sunday laws, it seems that the World has not yet learned that this right has been established by a constitutional amendment for the last twenty-five years. In 1865 there was adopted an amendment to the Constitution of the United States. It is the Fourteenth Amendment. It declares that "no State shall make or enforce any law abridging the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." That Amend-ment prohibits any State in this Nation from making any law having the effect named. More than this, it diStinctly pro-hibits any State from enforcing any laws already made, having the effect named. In a considerable number of the States when this Amendment was adopted there were laws of long standing which did abridge the privileges and immunities of persons who were by this Amendment made citizens of the United States, but from that time forth no one of these laws, no matter of how long standing, could be enforced. Therefore, by this Amendment .it has been declared and established that the Federal Government has the right to overturn State statutes; and that the World at this late date should make such a remark as that, would imply that, in the matter of the Constitution of the 