0 A series of pamphlets, containing 32o pages and 45 beau-tiful stories for children. Following are some of the titles: "Joe B e n - ton's Coal Yard." "This Hand Never Struck Me," "The Burnt 4‚ 41 41 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 15 Books We Cetn R4ecc)rrl mend. SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. LEFT Cloth 6oc.; WITH A TRUST Contains two good stories, the first being of the struggles of a fa-mily, the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and perhaps h e' d tumble out of the ship and det drowned." The second tells of the faithful ef-forts of a boy to sup-port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA The author, Rev. Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most interesting description of the social and reli-gious characteristics of the Hindus. The boo is illustrated with twelve native drawings. Cloth, 6oc. The life of this great- est  of "the reformers be- fore the Reformation" is one of intense ii,terest, and is here told in such a way as to inspire the reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ-omize his time. 0 C AND DEBATES 45), A reproduction of the principal", speeches and de- t bates o f Abraham Lincoln during the V years 1854-1861, to- C JOHN OF WYCLIFFE Cloth, 6oc. MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%7,4% inch-es, 495 pages, 6 11-lustr ati on s. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 40e. JACK THE CONQUEROR And Other Stories The first and longest story is that of ten-year- old poverty- stricken Jack Harold. His fa-0 ther and mother were both dead, and his aunt would not allow him to go to school. How his ambition was aroused, etc. Well illustrated, cloth, 6oc. 0 GOLDEN GRAINS 0 Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," "The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, THOUGHTS FROM THE MOUNT OF BLESSING An exposition of the Sermon on the Mount. "It can by no means be read with profit at one sitting, but is a book for time of med-0 itation, as its title in- cates." ŠBaptist Union. Contains 209 pages, 18 half-tone engrav-ings, is bound in cloth at 75c, and half-calf at $1.00. MAKING HOME HAPPY An entertaining story of how an unhappy home was made and kept happy, together with the influence it had over other homes. Contains 2o3 pages; cloth 5oc. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. LIFE ON THE KONGO A comprehensive his-tory of that portion of Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. The author, Rev. Hol-m a n Bentley, writes from personal observa-tion, and gives much interesting information concerning this much-talked-of country. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us, the Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-itants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc, 550 large pages. Cloth, $1.75. C gether with those of 0 postpaid. his political antago-nist, Stephen A. Douglas. A fascin- 49), ating volume of over V STORY OF REDEMPTION 4) A book well calculated to show forth the  C love of Christ, and to draw the reader into a.a closer connection with Him. Contaim 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which are  422,1  three-color half-tones. Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND,'TY, MO. CAL. 39 Bond Street, New York City. 