742 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. back us up, we can carry through almost any project we.undertake." Money is power, and law is power, that is true; but there is still another power with which the Christian ministry is supposed to be best acquainted, that is the power mentioned in Rom. : i6, the power of the gospel. How would such a declaration as this do as a substitute for the one advanced? " If the people know we have the love - of Christ and the power of the gospel to support us, all our efforts to do then good will meet with suc-cess " ? Would not this be more in harmony with the principles of Christianty? As already stated in the convention, the Sunday newspapers were most successfully brought to an early extinction in London, Eng:, without any law to interfere with them, merely because they did not have the support of the sentiment of the people. Why not take that as an object lesson, and labor not for the enactment and enforcement of law on this purely religious question, but to " persuade men " as the apostles did? And again: If law is secured, how much of -a barrier is it against mighty corporations, in view of the statement that any rail-way company would run an express train right through such Sunday legislation at the rate of sixty miles an hour, if it wished to do so? As 'was admitted in the meeting, the influence of many ministers in riding on the cars themselves on Sunday has a_powerful influence in favor of Sun-day trains. Yet the avowed object is still main-tainedŠ to retain all existing Sunday laws and and obtain more. At the same time a movement is set on foot to greatly restrict the liberties of the citizen by taking from him the right to appeal to the higher courts when convicted of Sunday violations in the lower courts. So the object before the Lord's Day Alliance and its adherents is really: More law for religious organizations or establishments, and less liberty, for the individual citizen. As did the Papacy of old, so do these now, dis-claim any part in arresting Sunday violators. They simply claim to act as .inforniers, and turn offenders over to the civil authorities, thus assisting those who make the arrests. This basis of operation, adopted by the Alliance, is the same screen behind which those who caused the apprehension of so-called heretics hid in days gone by. Mahout doubt these movements are intended by their promoters to work for the ultimate good of society and of citizens; but, like Saul of old, they  seem ,to be moved by a mistaken zeal. It is, to be hoped that many of them will imitate his example of abandoning carnal weapons and civil and, ecclesias-tical indictments, for the spiritual weapons of, faith and love. Oakville, Ont. F. D. STARR. IT OFFENDS THE JEWS. WE reprint the following from the Jewish Chron-icle (Mobile, Ala.), not becauge we have any disposi-tion to criticize the expression "Christian charity," as does the Chronicle, but because it illustrates the impropriety of a religious address to the people by a person acting in a political capacity. Such proc-lamations' must needs give offense to some class of the people on religious grounds. A proclamation from the chief executive of a State or of the.nation is necessarily addressed to all classes, of people in the State or the nation, and it is discourteous, to sky the least, to address an atheist as though he believed in God. But either the Thanksgiving proclamation does this, or else it ignores the atheist altogether, and treats him as a political nonentity; and this from the person (governor or president), who, in his political capacity, represents the atheistŠas fully as,, he does the Christian. Of late, also, the Thanks-giving proclamations have shown ,a tendency to give offense to the Jews. It is so in the present instance, and it will be remembered that one issued by Presi-dent Cleveland did the same, by making a direct allusion to Christ. The Chronicle says: " President McKinley is out with his Thanks-giving proclamation. In speaking of`' the the grand united effort made by all the citizens of the land to alleviate the distress in the tragic visitation that overwhelmed the city of Galveston,' he refers to the sympathy-and Christian charity,' which proved that ' we are one united people.' The President in speak-ing of the synipathy and charity shown by the citizens of the country might have left off the quali-fying term attached to the word charity. Charity knows no creed. It is neither Christian, Jewish, Mohammedan,: nor any other of the numberless creeds that make up the religious world. It is sim-ply charity. I am well aware of the sense in which the President and our neighbors generally employ this term in this connection. But it is a wrong use, and it is about time that the world should know it. There is no such thing as Jewish virtue or Christian virtue. Virtue is virtue the world over. Honesty is honesty, truth is truth, justice is justice, whether 