646 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "It will be asked, Is it not honorable to serve one's country, and expose one's life in its cause? Yes, our country deserves love and service; and let her faithful friends, her loyal sons, who under the guidance of duty and disinterested zeal, have poured out their blood in her cause, live in the hearts of a grateful posterity. But who does not know, that this moral heroism is a very different thing from the common military spirit? Who is so simple as to believe that this all-sacrificing patri-otism of principle is the motive which fills the ranks of war, and leads men to adopt the profession of arms? Does this sentiment reign in the common soldier, who enlists because driven from all other modes of support, and hires himself to be shot at for a few cents a day? Or does it reign in the officer, who, for pay and promo-tion, from the sense of reputation, or dread of disgrace, meets the foe with a fearless front? There is, indeed, a vulgar patriotism nourished by war. I mean that which burns to humble other nations, and to purchase for our own the exultation of triumph and superior force. But as for true patriotism, which has its root in benevolence, and which desires the real and enduring happiness of our country, nothing is more adverse to it than war, and no class of men have less of it than those engaged in war. . . . War, as now carried on, is certainly among the last vocations to be called honorable. . . "There are many persons who have little admiration of warlike achievements, and are generally inclined to peace, but who still imagine that the honor of a nation consists peculiarly in quickness to feel and repel injury, and who, consequently, when their country has been wronged, are too prone to rush into war. Perhaps its interests have been slightly touched, perhaps its well-being imperiously demands continued peace. Still its honor is said to call for reparation, and no sacrifice is thought too costly to satisfy the claim. That national honor should be dear and guarded with jealous care, no man will deny; but in proportion as we exalt it, we should be anxious to know precisely what it means, lest we set up for our worship a false, unjust, merciless deity and instead of glory shall reap shame. I ask, then, In what does the honor of a nation consist? What are its chief elements or constituents? The common views of it are narrow and low. Every people should study it; and in proportion as we understand it, we shall learn that it has no tendency to precipitate nations into war. What, I ask again, is this national honor, from which no sacrifice must be withheld? "The first element of a nation's honor is undoubtedly justice. A people, to deserve respect, must lay down the maxim, as the foundation of its intercourse with other communities, that justice,Ša strict regard to the rights of other states,Šshall take rank of its interests. A na- tion without reverence for right, can never plead in de-fense of a war, that this is needed to maintain its honor, for it has no honor to maintain. It bears a brand of infamy, which oceans of human blood cannot wash away. . . . A people systematically sacrificing justice to its interests, is essentially a band of robbers, and receives but the just punishment of its profligacy in the assaults of other nations. . . . The voice of justice is not al-ways drowned by the importunities of interest; nor ought we, as citizens, to acquiesce in an injurious act, on the part of our rulers, towards other states, as if it were a matter of course, a necessary working of hum an  selfishness. It ought to be reprobated as indignantly as the wrongs of private men. A people strictly just has an honor independent of opinion, and to which opinion must pay homage. Its glory is purer and more endur-ing than that of a thousand victories. Let not him who prefers for his country the renoun of military spirit and success to that ofjustice, talk of zeal for its honor. He does not know the meaning of the word. He belongs to a barbarous age, and desires for his country no higher praise than has been gained by many a savage horde. "No nation stands alone; and each is bound to con-secrate its influence to the promotion of equitable, paci-fic, and beneficent relations among all countries, and to the diffusion of more liberal principles of intercourse and national law. This country is intrusted by God with a mission for humanity. Its office is to commend to all nations free institutions, as the sources of public pros-perity and personal dignity; and I trust we desire to earn the thanks and honor of nations by fidelity to our trust. A people reckless of the interest of the world, and profligately selfish in its policy, incurs far deeper dis-grace than by submission to wrongs; and whenever it is precipitated into war by its cupidity, its very victories become monuments of its guilt, and deserve the execra-tion of present and coming times. "It is the moral and intellectual progress of the peo-ple, to which the patriot should devote himself as the only dignity and safeguard of the State. How needed this truth! In all nations the people have imagined that they were gloryfying themselves by triumphing over foreign foes, whilst at home they have been denied every ennobling institution; have been trodden under foot by tyranny, defrauded of the most sacred rights of human-ity, enslaved by superstition , buried in ignorance, and cut off from all the means of rising to the dignity of men. They have thought that they were exalting themselves, in fighting for the very despots who ground them in the dust. Such has been the common notion of national honor; nor is it yet effaced. How many among our-selves are unable to stifle their zeal for our honor as a people, who never spent a thought on the institutions and improvements which ennoble a community, and whose character and example degrade and taint their country as far as their influence extends?" Woe unto the nation which seeks the honor that follows and is maintained by war and conquest! The American Republic does not need such honor. If the shedding of blood be a glorious occupation, and if honor belongeth unto the man of blood, then how "honorable" indeed were Brutus and his companions, and how mis-taken, how deluded was the patriarch when in the earn_ estness of his soul he cried upon his death bed that his honor might not be united into the assembly of Simeon and Levi! The American who imagines that there is honor in the repudiation of the principles of human liberty, and in the forcible domination and subjection to his "ac-knowledged and unquestioned authority" of human be-ings as good as himself, needs more than any thing else to have his moral sense revived. He does not know what honor is. Honor is not greed, and it is not unscrupu- 