194 AMERICAN SENTINEL. gospel? or with the church? Is it the church's duty to go into politics? or to get politics out of her sanctuary, and the power of God into it? Not by Polities, But by the Gospel. THE United States Government has entered and taken possession of the Philippine Islands, for the pur-pose, professedly, of lifting the inhabitants to a higher level of moral, social, and political life. In justification of this policy the President said:Š "Did we need their consent to perform a great act for humanity ? We had it in every aspiration of their minds, in every hope of their hearts. We were obeying a higher moral obligation which rested upon us, and which did not require anybody's consent." This work of uplifting the Filipinos has been under-taken by the Government. It must therefore be carried out through politics. But is there any power in politics to accomplish the intended work ? Is it politics, or is it the gospel, that is the great upŁ lifting power for all men, civilized and savage alike ? The Word of God, the highest authority for all Chris-tians, affirms unequivocally that man has no power to save either his fellowmen or himself from any state of moral degradation; that salvation must come alone from the power of God, which is the gospel. Rom. 1: 16. And what is the United States Government now do-ing, in the fulfillment of this high moral obligation which it has assumed in the Philippines? It is actually slaughtering the wretched Filipinos by hundreds and by thousands. It has done this, and nothing more. This illustrates how a great work "for humanity" is per-formed by a civil government, through politics. The gospel proceeds upon a different plan. The gospel never slaughters people. It always gives, and never "benevolently assimilates" the possessions of peo-ple against their will. The gospel slaughters vice and all immorality and wickedness in the hearts of men, but leaves the people themselves alive. It overcomes the op-position of people without killing them. There is, therefore, another way of dealing with the Philippine problemŠof discharging this "high moral ob-ligation" resting upon the American peopleŠwhich from the standpoint of regard for human life is infinitely pre-ferable to the political methods employed by the Govern-ment. From the standpoint of economy, also, its superiority is no less evident. This tremendous truth is realiied by some at least who are interested in work "for humanity." Mr. W. H. Rice, writing in Our Day for March, pleads for "a higher plane on which to carry on the work of assimilating the people of our new possessions" than "the plane of poli-tics." In his article he says:Š "The Indian is to-day the exemplification of the use-lessness of political effort in lifting a people out of their degradation. The maxim of the politician is 'To the  victors belong the spoils,' and the best way to treat an Indian is to despoil him. The work of the politician is purely mercenary. There may have been exceptions, but they are few. "Socially, the North American Indians were no lower in the scale than the Sandwich Islander or the natives of Australia when our missionaries first went among them, yet in sixty years the Hawaiians were a Christian-ized and civilized people fit to take their place among favored nations "And mark this, the cost to the American Board was° only a million and a quarter dollars for sixty years' work. "Contrast this with the following:Š " "Poor Lo" is an expensive burden. Since the United States Government was formed 19,000 white men, women, and children have been slain in Indian wars and affrays and about 30,000 Indians, at an expense to our Government of $807,073,658. To this immense sum must be added the civil expenditures of the Govern-ment on behalf of the Indians, which, between 1776 and 1890 amounted to $259,944,082, making a total of $1,067,017,740 for civil and military expenses in con-nection with the noble red man.'ŠChicago Tribune, October 26, 1898. "What made the work in Hawaii such a success? "Certainly not politics nor parties. It was by the inoculation of moral principles. The-basis of action was the principle that 'righteousness exalteth a nation,' and where this principle has been permitted free play, the Indian has been elevated thereby." He cites also the results of missionary work done among certain of the Indians of Alaska:Š "In Metlakahtla there is no need of a jail, for there are no criminals, and the money that would in other towns be spent for enforcing law and order and caring for the poor, is here used for education and improve-ments. There are no filthy streets and no 'communal houses,' with their ten or fifteen families each, as in most Alaskan towns. Metlakahtla is a village of neat, pretty cottages, with well-cultivated gardens for each separate family. Here is an unanswerable argument for the power of the gospel to transform the degraded and ig-norant, and a clear proof that it is worth while to seek to save the Indians. To allow these industrious, peace-loving, and godly Indians to be disturbed would be an everlasting disgrace to a nation claiming to be both civ-ilized and Christian.'ŠMissionary Review, July, 1898." Who in the face of this testimonyŠand especially what ChristianŠwill still say that the divine mission of this nation to the Philippines ought to be carried out by the Government through politics,Šby the gospel of force rather than the gospel of love? If it ought not so to be, then a terrible mistake is being made, and the Gov-ernment is perpetrating a terrible wrong, and every Christian in America ought to raise his voice in protest against-it. The sentiment of the Christian church ought never to support (as it now does) the idea of regenera-tion by politics. IT is asserted that property owned by religious cor-porations in Cincinnati, but not used for church pur- 