AMERICAN SENTINEL. 37 cal and inevitable result of the acceptance of the perni-cious principles that were insinuated years ago. A. T. J. America Called to "Rule the World" and Set Up the "Empire of the Son of Man." AT the last session of Congress, Senator Platt of Connecticut, speaking in reply to the idea that foreign conquest is forbidden to Americans by the Declaration of Independence, said that the true and just principle of government is that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of some of the governed." And now, at the opening of the present Congress, Senator Beveridge of Indiana, speaking for and outlining the policy, of the administration with reference to foreign conquest, states the same thing in another way, by the assertion that "The Declaration has no application to the present situation. It was written by self-governing men for self-governing men." That is to say, "govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the self-governed." Not "all men are created equal," but "all self-governing men are created equal." Let us suppose that this is what the Declaration of Independence means, as this Indiana senator says it is. How would it have served the purpose of the American statesmen of 1776? The Declaration of Independence holds certain truths to be "self-evident," which according to this new inter-pretation, Are that "all self-governing men are created equal," that this class of men "are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," and that to preserve these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the self-governed." Are these self-evident truths? If they are self-evident, they are evident to all nations on the earth; to all people who' have enough intelligence to comprehend the meaning of the language used in stating them. And the people who are now being subjugated by the United States have abundantly proved that they fully comprehend the language of the Declaration of Independence. Is it then self-evident to them that they have not the same natural rights that other people have, and that government, as regards themselves, does not derive its just powers from their consent? To say that such "truths" are self-evidentŠthat these are the self-evident truths of the Declaration of IndependenceŠis manifest absurdity. The doctrine that only self-governing people are created equal and have the same unalienable rights, is not only not a selfŁevident truth, but it is not truth at all. It is squarely contrary to the Word of the Creator. For that Word makes no distinction between men, save as regards character. It plainly says that God is no respecter of persons. It makes the same requirements upon all. It says that the Son of God came to the earth  and died for allŠfor the individual of black or brown skin and uncivilized manners, just as truly and as fully as for the individual of white skin and civilized ways. Deny that all men have equal rights by creation, and you destroy the equality upon which all men are placed by the law and the gospel of God. If all men have not equal rights by creation, then their Creator has shown Himself a respecter of persons, contrary to His Word. And how, as before inquired, would this new inter-pretation of the Declaration of Independence have suited the circumstances of 1776? What effect would it have produced upon King George III. and the English parlia-ment, to be told that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of some of the governed?" Could not King George have agreed to that without any change in his views? Could he not have replied to the rebellious colonists,"It is true enough that governments derive their just powers from the consent of some of the governed,but you have not shown that this 'some' must include yourselves. And as a matter of fact, it does not include you at all, but only the House of Lords, the House of Commons, and the English nobility." That is what King George could and would have replied to, the Declaration of Independence if it had meant what members of Congress are now saying that it means. And what reply could the colonists have made? By the very admission that the consent of only "some" of the governedŠof only the "self-governing" ones, the party in powerŠwas necessary to just government,they would wholly have failed to prove the justice of their cause, and would have stood discredited before England and before the world. Our forefathers of the Revolution put forth the Declaration of Independence in defense of a struggle for liberty. To-day, it is quoted in defense of a fight for conquest, and with this new situation there is evidently demanded a new and vastly different interpretation of its language. Senator Beveridge has been to the Philippines, and reports that he has "cruised more than two thousand miles through the archipelago," and "ridden hundreds of miles on the islands." He went for the express pur-pose of making an investigation, upon which he could report before Congress, as he has now done. He there-fore, speaks as an authority on the subject,, and is accepted as such by Congress and the Administration. The question of subjugating the islands is now to be decided by Congress, and this senator has come forward as the authoritative spokesman of the party upholding the policy of foreign conquest that has been begun. It is worth while therefore to note the attitude of this party as indicated by this speech. The question before the American people is one of justice. The Declaration of Independence was an appeal to justice. The American Constitution was designed as. 