28 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. lunatic; that is, kept under surveillance, so long as, like a craven, you allow yourself to be cowed into silence. But as soon as you begin to speak your sentiments, then you are "dangerous," then you are "raving," and the gentle National Reform rulers will have such a tender regard for you that they will supply you with bars and doors securely fastened. But Mr. Edwards proceeds:Š " I would tolerate him as I would a con-spirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. . . . But he shall be tolerated. He may live, and go free, hold his lands, and enjoy his home; he may even vote; but for any higher, more advanced citizenship, he is, as I hold, utterly disqualified. And we are aiming, not to increase, but to render definite his disquali-fication." That would be a model government indeed that would allow a conspirator to " go free, hold his lands, and enjoy his home, and even vote." It is not the custom of governments to allow these privileges to persons who are plotters against the life of the government. Nor does National Reform propose really to do anything of the kind. We know, and in former numbers of this paper have abundantly shown in their own words, that National Reform does not intend to allow dissenters to vote nor to be citizens. No doubt Mr. Ed-wards means that he will tolerate him as he would a conspirator, and allow him these privileges "so long as he does not rave," and " is not dangerous," and so long as it is not known that he is a conspirator. But as soon as the " atheist " begins to utter any senti-ments that "differ with the mass of Chris- tians," then he is raving, is dangerous, and a conspirator, and they will " tolerate "(?) him as such. Yes, continues this Reverend Doctor of Divinity:Š " Yes, to this extent I will tolerate the athe-ist, but no more. Why should I? The athe-ist does not tolerate me. He does not smile either in pity or in scorn upon my faith. He hates my faith, and he hates me for my faith." After the expression of such principles, there is no just ground for surprise that after a few more words he should exclaim: " Toler- ate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon." NATIONAL REFORM GOLDEN RULE. That is to say, He does not tolerate me, and I must not tolerate him. He does not smile either in pity or in scorn upon my faith; there-fore I must make him grieve in lamentation and woe because of my faith. He hates me and my faith, and I must hate him and his unbelief. And this is National Reform " Christianity." This gentleman is one of the worthies to whom is committed the interpretation of Scripture on all " moral and civil, as well as ecclesiastical points," and whose decision must be "final." This is the way that the sublime principles of the sermon on the mount are to be exemplified when this nation becomes the National Reformed "kingdom of Christ." But to correspond to such an exposition and ex-emplification, the sermon on the mount will have to be "re-enacted." It now reads, in the words of Christ, as follows: " I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for  them that despitefully use you and persecute you; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in Heaven." But National Reform says unto you, Hate your enemies, curse them that curse you, do evil to them that hate you, and persecute them that despitefully use you and persecute you; that ye may agree " with the mass of Christians," and be true children of National Reform; those who do not tolerate you, why should ye tolerate them ? Therefore all things whatsoever ye would not that men should do to you, do ye that unto them; for this is the law of National Reform. EXALTING THEMSELVES ABOVE GOD. This idea of re-enactment is not altogether hypothetical in this connection, for in the same speech Mr. Edwards said that, "If there be anything in the laws of Moses which the coming of Christ and the subse-quent overthrow of Judaism did not abrogate, let them be pointed outŠthere cannot be many of themŠand we are prepared to accept them and have them re-enacted." That is to say, They were enacted by the Lord of Heaven and earth, and if they have not been abrogated, please point them out and WE will have them re-enacted. How much higher does arrogance need to exalt itself before it becomes dangerous ? These men assume the authority to reckon and denounce as " atheists " all who oppose National Reform, and plainly assert that under the power which the " Reformers " would wield, all such " atheists " shall be relegated to the place and condition of the lunatic and the conspirator. But as though that were a small thing to do, they boldly usurp the place of the Most High, and consequentially inform us that in certain portions of the word of God what has not been abrogated they will have re-enacted. Can it be possible that in all this' land there is anybody who sees no danger in clothing with civil power 'such an association of men ? Could anything be more intolerant than that which they deliberately propose to do? And yet all this is only the expression of their idea of tolerance! We wish they would convey to us some idea of what in their estimation would be intolerahce. It is high time that all understand that Na-tional Reform is a standing menace to human liberty; and that the success of National Re-form will be the utter destruction of human liberty in free America. A. T. J. " MANIFESTLY there is an irreconcilable dif-ference between Papal principles and the fun-damental principles of our free institutions. Popular government is self-government. A nation is capable of self-government only so far as the individuals who compose it are capable of self-government. To place one's conscience, therefore, in the keeping of an-other, and to disavow all personal responsi-bility in obeying the dictation of another, is as far as possible from self-control, and there-fore wholly inconsistent with republican insti-tutions, and, if common, dangerous to their stability."ŠRev. Josiah Strong. When we remember that National Reform principles are essentially Papal principles, we see in the above a strong indictment of so-called National Reform. Natural Result of Rigid Sunday Laws. LAST month in an article on the " Ethics of Sunday Legislation," we showed that, since 'Sunday is an institution of the church, the enactment of laws enforcing its observance is the first step toward a union of Church and State, and that the enforcement of such laws can be nothing else but persecution for con-science' sake. We promised to give in this number of the SENTINEL a demonstration of these propositions by actual facts. We, can fulfill our promise no better than by reprinting the following from the speech of the lion. Robert H. Crockett in the Arkansas Senate, in behalf of a bill which he had introduced for the granting of immunity from the penal;  ties of the Sunday law to those who observe the seventh day. The facts therein stated, coming as they do from a disinterested party, except as he is interested in liberty and jus-tice, and in' the good name of his adopted State, must have much weight on this question. Mr. Crockett's sense of the outrages perpe-trated in Arkansas was so vivid that he over-looked the fact that similar ones had been perpetrated in Tennessee. But the arraign-ment against legislation which allows religious bigots to wreak their spite on those whose only offense is that they are in the minority, is sufficiently strong, even though he did not mention a tithe of the persecutions. Follow-ing is the speech:Š Sir, I take shame to myself as a member of the General Assembly of 1885, which repealed the act of religious protection which this bill is intended to restore. It was hasty and ill-advised legislation, and like all such, has been only productive of oppressive persecu-tion upon many of our best citizens, and of shame to the fair fame of our young and glo-rious State. Wrong in conception, it has proven infamous in execution, and under it, such ill deeds and foul oppressions have been perpetrated upon an inoffensive class of free American citizens in Arkansas, for conscience' sake, as should mantle the cheek of every lover of his State and country with indignant shame. For nearly a half century the laws of our State, constitutional and statutory, wero in accord with our national Constitution, in guaranteeing to every citizen the right to worship God in the manner prescribed by his own conscience, and that alone. The noble patriots who framed our nation's fundamental law, with the wisdom taught by the history of disastrous results in other nations from joining Church and State, and fully alive to so great a danger to our republican institutions and their perpetuity, so wisely constructed that safeguard of our American liberties that for forty years after its ratification there was no effort to interfere with its grand principle of equal protection to all, in the full enjoy-ment and exercise of their religious convic-tions. Then petitions began to pour in from the New England States upon the United States senate " to prevent the carrying and delivery of the mails upon Sunday "Šwhich 