576 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899. WHEN you read of some whose lib-erty under this Government is being denied them, by that very token know that your own liberty is in d anger. LAST week we printed an article describing the work of the "Sunday League of America" in South Caro-lina, and this week we print one showing what the same organization is doing in Mississippi. Doubtless these are not the only States in which this organization is at work. Read the article, and ask yourself if it does not mean that somebody ought to be doing something, down there, and further north as well, to enlighten the people. Think for a moment of the organ-izations that are now pushing the movement for Sunday enforcement, ŠThe National Reform Party, the W. C. T. U., the American Sabbath Union, the Christian Endeavor So-ciety, the Ep worth League, the Chris-tian Citizenship League, League for Social Service, Sunday League of America, besides various local or-ganization; and new ones are con-tinually being formed. Does all this mean that this Sunday-law move-ment is dying outŠthat religious freedom in this country isibecoming more firmly established? Does it mean that now islaIgood time to suspend work in religious liberty lines, and give all your time to other issues? A FRIEND of religious liberty writes us from Massachusetts, inquiring, " What can I do to help educate the people? as you show to be so ur-gent." Why are there not hundreds Šyes, thousandsŠof those who pro-f e3s to believe that liberty in this country is endangered, making the same inquiry? Do you feel any de- sire to do something to educate the people in this line ? If not, why not? The answer to our correspondent's question is easy; Give them the AMERICAN SENTINEL and other litera-ture furnished by the Religious Lib-erty Association, selecting what is adapted to those points of the ques-tion upon which public interest has been aroused. BY the national Constitution the United States Government is es-topped from recognizing the pope as an earthly sovereign; he can have in its view no international stand-ing. But, as now appears, the Gov-ernment does intend to have deal-ings with a certain " distinguished foreigner" who resides on the banks of the Tiber, and who will be repre-sented here by a close friend of the President; and these dealings will relate to and determine the na-tional policy in the new national territory. So that "a proposition from the holy see, while not ' regular' in a diplomatic sense, will . . . go directly to the President and receive immediate and careful attention." See article on page 564. THETrotestant churches have im-agined their missionary societies were going to ride into the Philip-pines and other late Spanish posses-sions on the top wave of imperial-ism; they were going to find a great field for missionary work opened by imperialism to their hands. But now, after their first missionary to Panay has been ordered off the island by the American officer in command, and the president of the national commission to the Philip-pines has made a report which in-vites Protestant missionaries to keep out, they feel and talk differ-ently about it. They feel, as one writer expressed it, that they have been "badly buncoed" by the Presi-dent. They gave him their full sup-port, and now find that Rome is to reap the benefits! Perhaps they will now discern that imperialism is not a fiend to the gospel. See article on first page. THE expected war in the Trans-vaal, if it comes, will be a desperate and sanguinary affair from begin-ning to end. There are no better fighters in the world than the Boers, and no better weapons than those with which they are provided; while England, on the other hand, will come determined to crush the Boers by her superior weight. THE French army captain, Drey-fus, has again been tried and found "guilty" of selling military secrets to a foreign power, though scarcely anybody outside of France believes that the verdict is just. To the ob-server in America, it presents itself as a case of the army trying itself, andŠas was-to be expectedŠgiving itself an acquittal; for Dreyfus was tried by the military, and not the civil, authorities. The case is one which points most plainlyto the evil of militarism. The civil authorities would Probably rescue the unfortu-nate captain if they dared, but the military authorities have been de-termined on his condemnation, and have had their way. The military authorities control the army, and the army represents the power of the nation. The allegiance of the army may be given nominally to the head of the civil power, but in reality it will always be held by a few commanding generals, or it may be by one man. Csar at the head of his legions was dictator in Rome; and the general who commands the allegiance of millions trained to war, is a dictator in his country to day. Military rule is necessarily arbitrary, and a mili-tary dictator is necessarily a despot. A man placed in that position, unless he is of extraordinary mold, will have thoughts of crossing the Rubi-con and making himself supreme in every branch of the government. The Dreyfus case exposes the hol- lowness of France's claim to be a republic; and a revolution in which all semblance of republicanism will disappear is half expected by the civilized world. Militarism and re-publicanism cannot flourish togeth-er. And this is a truth that needs to be repeated in the United States. 