"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 28, 1899. NUMBER 38. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. kgr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) RIGHT is mightier than might. IT is ideas, not armies, that rule the world. .4 .4 No POWER but that of love can rightfully compel the conscience. .4 .4 WHEN religion becomes a religion of law, it ceases to be a religion of love. IF human law could benefit religion, the religion of the ancient Pharisees would have been the best on earth. WHEN religion is incorporated into civil enactments, it is lowered from the plane of the divine law to that of the human. PROTESTANTISM is a protest against the acceptance of human authority and human wisdom as a source of religious obligation. cAt EVERY word of God is an opening into the mind of OmniscienceŠa pathway of light and knowledge reach-ing to infinity. Therefore no man can ever tell all that he ought to know, or set bounds to all he ought to believe. EVERY man is the creator of his own destiny, and no man ever attained a happy destiny without a strong will and earnest effort to that end. .4 .4 THE state cannot conform to Christian ethics, because "the moment it becomes generous, it ceases to be just." It cannot donate to Peter without robbing Paul. No CAPTAIN of an Atlantic liner ever entrusts the helm of his ship to the hand of "manifest destiny;" and no more can the ship of state be steered by "manifest destiny" to any safe harbor. IT is just as possible to fence in sunlight as it is to protect the sanctity of the Sabbath by civil enactments. Sanctity is a matter not merely of the outward deport- ment, but of the heart. Rome Prying the Government Over the Philippines. THAT papal leaders in this country and at Rome know how to turn to account the situation in the Phil-ippines, has been several times pointed out in these columns, and current events continue to call attention to the fact. And it is evident that Rome expects to profit much from the position in which the United States has placed itself, by errors committed both there and here. Rome is now pressing upon the Government the al-leged fact that she has bean grossly mistreated by the American forces in and around Manila. Her church buildings have actually been occupied by American sol-diers, and in some cases the altars have even been found convenient for use in establishing telegraphic communi- 