ovprogkii1110) 352 THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 41. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 10, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they-will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Mail and Express thinks that there is now some prospect that the Met-ropolitan Museum of Art in Central Park will again be closed to the public on Sun-day. We say closed to the public, be-cause it is a notorious fact that it has never been entirely closed on Sunday. Even when nominally closed, a favored few were admitted on Sunday, and em-ployees were kept on duty for that purpose. THE way the Mail and Express puts this piece of news concerning the prob-able Sunday closing of the Museum, is this : " Vice-President Huntington tells a Mail and Expressman that the probabili-ties are that the Sabbath will no longer be desecrated." And the reason for it is that owing to Sunday opening there is a deficiency of some $10,000. That is .-the 7S,,t E additional expense incurred by keepg open on Sunday has cost the trustees $10,000 more than the city furnishOd for the support of the Museum. For this reason, and for this alone, the trustees propose to close the institution to the public on Sunday, keeping a smaller force of employees on duty to attend to the favored few who are admitted on that day. And thus, according to the Mail and Express, " the Sabbath will no longer be desecrated." Š0Š BUT, according to the Evening World, Ł the Mail and Express does not tell the whole story. It seems that the only like-lihood, and indeed, the only apparent pos-sibility in accord with present legislation, is that the Museum of Art may be closed until the first of January, because there is no technically available way of secur-ing the necessary funds to meet extra ex-penses for Sunday opening until that time. The whole difficulty arises from the fail-ure to incorporate a clause in the appro-priation bill allowing a transfer from unexpended balances to meet the extra expenses of the year. In the case of the Museum of Natural History this was done, and there is consequently no ques-tion as to Sunday opening there. The appropriation for the next year carries with it the understanding that the Mu-seum of Art shall be open on Sundays. It would seem that the Mail and Express, in its anxiety to shut the public out of the Museum on Sundays, has jumped at the wrong conclusion. THE Western Herald (Burlington, Iowa), commenting on the recent arrest of two Jewish stone cutters, at Dubuque, re-marks that " religious persecutions seem to be on the increase all over the country, notwithstanding the constitutional guar-antee of the rights of conscience and reli-gious liberty." THE article, " Christ's Kingdom Not of This World," published on another page of this paper, is worthy a careful perusal. It contains, however, one serious defect; namely, the countenance which it gives to the civil Sunday fraud. It is the Church and not organized labor that de-mands Sunday laws. This fact alone shows the reason for the demand to be re-ligious and not civil. Baptists should not be deceived 'into giving their support to religious legislation because, forsooth, it masquerades under some other name. Š0Š THE decision of the General Term of the City Court that a contract for steamer transportation to be carried out on Sun-day is void, _emphasizes the fact that Sun-day is more than a merely civil day, and that the purpose of the Sunday law of the State of New York is to recognize that day as more than a holiday. The courts would not think of voiding a contract made for service to be rendered on the Fourth of July or on Thanksgiving Day. A transportation company failing to fur-nish transportation on either of those days, as stipulated, would be mulcted in heavy damages. This shows that Sunday stands alone and pre-eminent among days in our civil statutes; and that, because of its re-ligious character. Š0Š BUT perhaps the most peculiar feature of this decision is that while the transpor- tation company was released from its con- tract because of the moral character of the day, there was no redress for the men who had expended their money to go on the excursion. It thus appears that in the eyes of the courts of this State and city, the observance of Sunday is a matter of much more importance than honesty between man and man. When the Saviour, the Son of God, was asked which was the great commandment in the law, he replied : " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." The Lord Jesus Christ thus placed the two divisions of the law on an equality, as is also done in James 2: 10, where it is declared that " whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all;" for he has broken the divine law. But the courts of New York are more wise(?), and in their attempt to admin-ister the divine law, as construed by the law-makers of the State, have ascertained  that though a steamboat company defraud some Germans who do not regard the first day of the week, yet, if by so doing the company refuses to run its boats on Sunday it is guiltless! Š0Š WHAT are Mr. Crafts and his "civil Sabbath" compeers going to do with the fact that vital statistics show that the death rate is lower among Jews than among Christians ? It is confidently as-serted by these " civil Sabbath " agitators that regular weekly rest is a physical ne-cessity, and that all must rest or none can. The Jews are a living denial of this claim. So far as they rest regularly, it is upon Saturday, a day when all is bustle and activity around them; and very many of them observe no Sabbath at all. The " civil Sabbath " is a fraud. Š0Š ONE of the evils of the day is the deca-dence of religious instruction in the fam-ily. Parents imagine that they can not interest their children in the Bible, and so trust that work very largely to the Sabbath school or Sunday school. This is a serious mistake. The study of the Bible can and should be made attractive to the little folks. But how can this be done ?ŠBy a judicious use of Bible pic-ture books. This thought is suggested by examining a copy of " The Children's Bible Hour," by Jenny B. Merrill, which has just come to our table. This book has 212 pages, 8 x 11 inches, with 68 full-page illustra-tions by Dore and others. All but one or two of the illustrations are really fine; many of them are new, at least to us; and all of them will interest the children, and set them to asking questions. Then the book will suggest topics to the mother, and often solve the problem of a quiet Sabbath afternoon when otherwise the children might be restless and fretful. We discover in this book two statements which we look upon as errors in doctrine, though most of the so-called orthodox would not so regard them. For the most part the book is composed of simple Scrip-ture narratives, and on the whole is to be commended for its fidelity to the facts as related in Holy Writ. Few books are wholly free from error, and the truth- loving mother will know how to fortify her children against false doctrines with which they must sooner or later become acquainted, and which they would perhaps better meet at the mother's knee than elsewhere. This book is advertised on another page. It will not, we think, disappoint those who buy it. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Ł Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,Fear, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " "- - - SOc. 100 to 24944 li ii 46 44 '. .. 75c.' 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c. 500 to 999 " " " " " - - 65c. 1000 or more ' '- 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5-  shillings* Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond btreet, New York City. It 