MAY 31, 1894. A IVIEIglivrc.AN  171  identical with the " faith " of the devilsÑth is, by her own showing, by her own 'boast, and by her own illustration, is the faith of the Catholic Church. Very good. We accept her showing in the case. Un-doubtedly it is the truth. The illustration is perfectly satisfactory. THERE is another statement that she makes which so clearly reveals again the essential nature of the " faith " which is held, and the salvation that is offered, by the Catholic Church, that it is worth quoting. Here it is:Ñ We seem to hear Jesus, our heavenly Physician, say: I died for all, and thereby prepared in my blood a remedy for all. If you would have the merits of my passion and death applied to you, to free your souls from sin, you must . . . believe that I am what I declare myself to be, and believe what I teach. Do also what I hare told you to do, and then you shall have the merits of my passion and death applied to you and you shall be justified. This is in very substance, and even in terms, the old covenant. It is identical with the covenant " from the Mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage." Gal. 4 : 24. Here are the terms of the old covenant, the covenant from Sinai : " Ye have seen what J did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself. Now, therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treas-ure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine: and ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests and an holy nation." "And all the people answered together, and said, All tl,at, the Lord bath spoken we will do." Ex. 19 : 4-6, 8. Their agree-ment to obey his voice, indeed, was an agreement to keep the ten commandments indeed. For when his voice was heard from Sinai the ten commandments alone were spoken. And of these it is written : " Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man." Eccl. 12: 13. So that in substance this covenant from Sinai, just as certainly as this Cath-olic statement says, I have done this great thing for you. Now, if you would have the benefit of it, believe what I teach, do also what I have told you to do, and then you shall have it and you shall be justified. And the people all said they would do it, and this, too, with the hope of being justified. These two statements are identical in substance and in doctrine. The thought of both is that man must do righteousness in order to be righteous, instead of first being righteous in order to do righteousness. It will not do though to say that as the Lord made the statement from Sinai, there-fore this statement from Rome is truth. The Lord had a purpose in this covenant from Sinai, even though it did then " gender to bondage." That covenant from Sinai corresponds to Hagar in the family of Abraham. The children of that cov-enant, the people who entered into it, cor-respond to Ishmael the child of Hagar. As Hagar was a bondwoman, so the child that was born of her was a bondchild. And thus she gendered to bondage. As Hagar represents the covenant from Sinai, and her child was a bondchild, so the cov-enant from Sinai gendered to bondage and the children of that covenant were bond-children. Moreover, Ishmael was " born after the flesh." And as Ishmael represents the children of that covenant, so they were " after the flesh " and knew only the birth of the flesh. Knowing only the birth of the flesh, and minding only the things of  the flesh, they thought themselves capable of fulfilling all the righteousness of God. The Lord know full well that they could not do it; but they did not know it, and they would not believe that they could not do it. In order to convince them that they could not do it, and enable them to see it so plainly that they themselves would confess their inability to do it, the Lord gave them a full and fair opportunity to try. Within forty days they had fully demonstrated their utter inability to do what the Lord had told them, and what they had freely promised to do. They were in deeper bondage than ever. They were then willing to have the Lord deliver them from the bondage of sin to the liberty of righteousness, by his own power through his own word in his own promise, even as he had de-livered their father Abraham. In a word they were then willing to attain to right-eousness, to be justified, by faith, instead of trying to obtain it by works. They were willing to be children of promise, instead of children of the flesh. Having found by this experience that "the mind-ing of the flesh is enmity against God, and is not subject to the law of God neither indeed can be," they were willing to be born again and of the Spirit of God, rather than to trust longer to the ways of the birth of the flesh. Having found that by this old and temporary covenant they were lost, they were willing to be saved by the new and everlasting covenant which is this : " I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people: and they shall not teach every man his neighbor and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for they shall all know me from the least to the greatest. For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more." In this covenant there is no " if." It de-pends not upon what we shall do, but upon what God will do "unto all and upon all them that believe, for there is no difference. For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." Such was the covenant from Sinai, such was its nature, and such its purpose. And that the recording of it with the nature and experience of those caused it to be made and who entered into it, was neces-sary for future ages is demonstrated by this repetition of it in the Catholic system of " faith." That covenant was faulty; but this repetition of it is infinitely faulty and altogether bad, as compared with the original example. For there, although it was their own sinfulness and self-right-eousness that led to the making of it, yet through the sad experience of it God would draw them away from themselves to the knowledge of Christ. While here and in. this, the papacy takes the very revelation of the gospel of Christ itself and perverts it into the old covenant, and through this perversion draws men away from Christ to the exaltation of self. It puts Sinai in the place of Calvary. It puts the old covenant in the place of the new. It puts works in the place of faith. It puts bondage in the place of freedom. It puts ceremonies in the place of Christ. And it puts man in the place of God. And yet the professed Protestantism of to-day counts itself "one in essentials" with this organized iniquity ! This is the papacy, and this her doctrine of " faith." And as God said of Hagar and Ishmael in the family of Abraham,  and of the covenant from Sinai and its children in the family of Israel, so ho says of this same wicked thing as it would be in the family of Christianity : " Cast out the bondwoman and her son; for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman." Gal. 4: 30. There never was a truer description of the papacy than that given in a quotation in these columns a few weeks ago, in the words that pronounced it "a method of forgetting God, which shall pass as a method of remembering him." A. T. J.  ¥ The Movement Against Church Patron-age in England. IT is well known that the right of pre-sentation to livings in the Church of Eng-land belongs, in a multitude of cases, to lay patrons, and that this fact has re-peatedly given rise to grave scandals. Not only have avowed atheists and noto- rious blacklegs the late Marquis of Ailesbury was an exampleÑexercised the power of bestowing, as free gifts, life appointments to rectorships, but such appointments have been made the subject of sale at public auction. The necessity of checking these glaring abuses has long been recognized, and it has been emphasized by the recent intro- duction of a bill to disestablish the Angli-can Church in Wales. A palliative measure, which has the approval of the bishops and the clergy, is now pending before Parliament, and although it has been criticised by Sir William Harcourt and by representatives of Nonconformism on the ground that it does not go far enough, it seems likely to become a law. The proposal in question has three main features. First, it prohibits the sale of the next presentation to a living, thus providing that the advowson or perpetual right of present ation to a living, whenever a vacancy occurs, shall hereafter be exer-cised only by way of gift. Secondly, although the advowson itself may be sold, there must be a complete transfer of the right, and no mortgage or encumbrance of any kind must be imposed on the advow-son or the living. Finally, the bill enu-merates six reasons for which a bishop can refuse to institute a clergyman to a living. These are, that the clergyman has not been ordained one year; that he is unfit through physical or mental infirmity; that he is in great pecuniary difficulties; that he has been guilty of misconduct or neglect of duty in the offices which he has previously filled, or that there is a grave scandal or evil report affecting his moral conduct. A right of appeal, however, is given to the patron and presentee from the bishop's de-cision to the archbishop. In the debate on the second reading of this bill a Nonconformist denounced it as a half-hearted measure, and declared that the evil complained of could be abolished only by prohibiting the sale of advowsons altogether. Sir William Harcourt called the bill a sham, because it left untouched the persons who dispense most of the spir-itual offices. It forbade a poor man, who happened to own an advowson, to sell the next presentation; but it did not prevent a peer, or other rich person, from distribut-ing livings as free gifts, and thus forming a sort of spiritual oasis by taking care that all the rectors in his neighborhood should be in agreement with himself. Sir Wil-liam agreed with the Dissenters in thinking 