AMERICAN SENTINEL. 359 and still greater power is only satisfied when the "foot-holds" held by the weaker nations are occupied by the greater and stronger powers. The earth is filled with violence, crime of every description is increasing,Štheir "wickedness is great,"Šmillionaires are made in a day, trusts and syndicates multiply, to whom the Lord says, "Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days" (James 5:3) while the cry for bread, and "wages kept back by fraud" is heard on every hand. Against this untold wealth, combined labor is arranged, anarchy rises and asserts itself, and instead of peace we behold troubleŠ"men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." Luke 21:26. Now, dear reader, what next? Need we look for and expect a change for the better? No, indeed; for "evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived; yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 2 Tim. 3:12, 13. What hope, then, have we for a reform? National reform is but an experiment. The reality is a thing as yet unseen. The element of reform is not in the nations; they are composed of men, and "it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps." In his "flesh dwelleth no good thing." "There is none righteous, no, not one: there is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God; they are all gone out of the way, they are together be-come unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one." Rom. 3:10-12. Then they are lost, and need to be saved. Here, again, the nations are powerless. They have studied methods ofŁ destruction rather than the plan of salva-tion. They can destroy, but they cannot save either themselves or each other. So the prophet Concludes, "Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the Lord our God is thesalvation of Israel." Jer. 3:23. "So all Israel shall be saved," "by grace through faith." These are the children of faithful Abraham, heirs of God, and joint heirs with Jesus Christ; saved out of "every nation, kin-dred, and tongue, and people." To these the gates of the city above will open, "that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth may enter in." Isaiah 26:12. "And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the [new] earth do bring their glory and honor into it; and the gates of it shall not be shut at all: for there shall be no night there; and they shall bring the glory and honor of the nations into it." Rev. 21:24-26. A Fatal Discrepancy.ŠThe very name "Roman Catholic" is a contradiction in terms. Rome is a city in Italy with a glorious though bloody history; it is not a city through which the life of to-day pulses; it belongs more to the past than to the present time; but at any rate, it is one particular spot on earth. "Catholic" means that which appertains to the whole world, to the  entire earth wherever it is inhabited. Thus "Roman Catholic" is a "particular universal;" and it is obvious that a church which is Roman cannot be catholic, and one that is catholic cannot be exclusively Roman. The Rainbow of Universal Peace. New York " Sun." THE Americans at The Hague have submitted their preliminary plan for the establishment of a permanent tribunal of international arbitration. Our Commissioners and the Administration which sent them are entitled to congratulations upon the fa- vorable reception of the scheme. Its simplicity, direct-ness, and promise of working efficiency have commended it at once to all concerned. The propositions advanced by the representatives of several other powers, including Great Britain, are obviously inferior; the British plan, indeed, seems by comparison so inchoate that it has been practically laid aside already in favor of the Ameri-can scheme. Whatever is accomplished by the Peace Conference in this department of mundane amelioration will have received its first impulse, its general form, and its clearest definition from this side of the Atlantic. Our Commissioners propose that at least nine of the sovereign powers of the earth shall join by treaty in the establishment of a permanent international court to try and decide disputes likely otherwise to lead to war. The essential features of this high tribunal are briefly sketched in the resolutions submitted. The nine or more sovereign powers are each to have one representative upon the international bench, nomi-nated by the highest court in each country and holding office for an indefinite term. In the case of the United States, for example, the Supreme Court would select our international judge. His term would last until the Su-preme Court at Washington deemed it advisable, for one reason or another, to supersede him by appointing his successor. The organization of the international tribunal and its rules of procedure are to be determined by its nine or more members; and the meeting place is to vary accord-ing to convenience. The court is to be always open, not only to the con-tracting nations, but also to other nations which may desire its services, although not parties to the treaty. Litigants may elect whether to have their causes ad-judged by the full bench of nine, or by any smaller num-ber not less than three. General expenses are to be borne by the nine or more contracting governments. Outside litigants using the court are to be charged for the expenses of the cases they bring. The judges are to draw salaries only for time when actually engaged in the duties of the court. Every defeated litigant is to have the right, for three months after a first decision, to reopen the case on account of newly-discovered evidence 