AMEiRiCAN A reporter had the following interview with Colonel Shepard and one or two others of the leaders of this movement:Š Q. What do you hope to secure by this agitation?,  A. We hope, by this agitation, to so mold public sentiment that there will be a popular uprising of the people in favor of a more strict observance of,  Sunday. Q. But suppose the people do not come up to the desired standard, what then ? A. If they do not yield to the plain conclusive arguments in its favor, then we must resort to law., Here, another added, "Yes, and I believe we, might as well start out in that way at first, as I.  doubt if moral suasion will ever reach them," Q. Have you made preparations for an effort in this direction ? Ł A. Yes, sir, we have in contemplation a commit- tee whose chief business it is to look after Sabbath legislation, at the national capital and at all the State legislatures. Q. Do you still intend to prosecute the intro-duction of a bill in Congress similar to the Blair bill? A. Indeed, we do, and we intend to work at it until our desires are met. Q. But do you not think that the movement you are interested in, if carried to its legitimate, result, would end in religious persecution ? A. No, sir; a man who says we are favoring a movement which will persecute any one is one hundred years behind the times. Q. But already there has been such persecution, at least something that borders on it, in the case of R. M. King, of Tennessee, who was an observer of' Saturday but who was imprisoned for Sunday labor. A. Yes; I remember such a case, and the judge:  ruled against him on the ground that he had no right to set himself up against the sentiment of any community, and by prosecuting his course, outrage the feelings of a religious people. When a man,  enters society, there are certain principles and rights that have to be surrendered, and this is one'  of them. So it seems from these questions and answers that the American Sabbath Union proposes to prosecute its work with vigor and earnestness; and the fact that the or-ganization is supported by men of wealth and influence is one of the many reasons why every lover of liberty, and especially,  the precious boon of liberty of conscience,: should arouse to action and assist in ex-posing the sophistry in the arguments'  which it advances. History can be of no value to us if it does not show that this movement is taking the steps that were taken by the bishops and ,leaders of the Church in the fourth century, that laid the foundation for the great system of religious despotism, which enslaved the consciences of men and racked them with the most cruel tortures during the long scenes of the Middle Ages. The statement made in the last answer above, given by Mr. Shepard, should open the eyes of the people to the real animus of this movement. It is clearly seen here that he would take away the rights of an individual to rest on Saturday, if his conscience required it, and would compel him to surrender his conscience to the majority, and obey whatever laws might be imposed on him by religious bigots, no matter how absurd or contrary to every principle of his religious belief. The right to worship God according to the dictates  of our individual consciences was one of the corner-stones laid in the foundation of our Republic ; but Colonel Shepard would sweep this all away, and is asking the, good people in the various churches to; organize with him to assist in this nefa-: rious work. During the Convention, it was loudly: proclaimed, again and again, that the; Union proposed to maintain a total sepa-, ration between Church and State. But what do such asseverations amount to,:  no matter how emphatically or earnestly stated, when, in their own avowed princi-, pies, they say that if a man, though choos-ing to be in the minority, and desiring to'  observe another day for the Sabbath, and, believing that he is in conscience bound to, keep it, must nevertheless surrender this; God-given right and obey whatever eccle-siastical laws they may choose to enact? Say what they will, in regard to Sunday; being a civil institution, it is religious,! and when laws favoring it are enforced,;  they can be regarded as nothing more nor, less than a union, to that extent, of Church and State. When laws that will: bind the conscience of an individual and refuse him the privilege of believing in' and worshiping God according to his own mind. and belief are enacted, it is the; worst form of despotic ecclesiasticism, and is laying the foundation for doing all:  the wicked work that was ever performed! by any hierarch that ever cursed the; earth. A. 0. TAIT. Church and State in Mexico. A STAY of three weeks in the Republic of Mexico, gave me an opportunity of learn-ing some things concerning the situation of the religious influences of the Church:  over the State. Mexico is a republic, the same as the United States of America. It has about one-sixth the population of the'  United States. It has several States; theŁ  people elect their President and represen-tatives in Congress, and in many ways their government is similar to ours. Ł In name, Church and State are separate, as the National Reformers, in the United:  States would have them there, even with' their pet schemes in full working order; but as a matter of fact in Mexico, the Catholic Church is.  the power behind the throne in all political and governmental affairs, as truly as when the government recognized it as the national religion., The power of the priests over the people:  is but little less than then, and they dic-tate in everything. There are a few men in official positions who are fearless in their denunciations of,  the work of the priests. I had the priv-ilege of listening, in their national Con-gress, to a masterly speech, made by the best orator of the nation, Senor Don Juan Mateo, on a bill which he had introduced to provide for a divorce law, which, as yet, the Mexican government does not  have, and the manner in which he de-nounced some of the work of the priests was severe and unsparing. Evidently, he had many sympathizers in the membership of the house, and in the large audience of spectaters, as he was cheered vociferously by a certain portion of those present whenever any allusions of this kind were made. May the day come when the true principles of religious liberty may be better understood in Mexico; while we, who live in what is comparatively reli-gious freedom, should use every effort in our power to hinder the attempts to unite Church and State in our land. L. C. CHADWICK. Ruatan, Honduras. Compulsory Volition. IN the Methodist Quarterly Review, in an article entitled "The Freedom of Choice," is the following :Š Any scheme of volitional necessitation, whether of theology, philosophy, or materialistic evolution, must utterly deny the necessary and manifest laws and facts of our rational and moral agency. Now the National Reform Association and its allies are striving for laws to try and " necessitate a volition " to observe Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Sabbath. But, even, if they succeeded in compelling some to refrain from work and to attend church services ; it would be forced, therefore unwilling, attendance and unacceptable before the Lord. You might drive a man into church but you can not make him worship. In fact a church that seeks the aid of the secular power to fill its church buildings, is not the church of ChristŠnor is its worship;  so called, other than vain worship, for it is not true worship. Under such circumstances the people, in order to act as free moral agents, and follow the dictates of their own conscien-ces, are compelled to transgress either the law of God or the law of the State; and all because the State legislates upon things that should not come under its jurisdic- tion. S. H. CARNAHAN. George Washington vs. Sunday Laws. UNDER this head the San Francisco Examiner publishes a letter and comment worthy of note :Š "The following letter was written by George Washington, when President of the United States, in answer to a letter from a Seventh-Day Baptist Society, some of the members of which had been fined and imprisoned for laboring on Sunday. They wished to know if he, as President of the convention that framed the Consti-. tution of the United States, understood that instrument to warrant any such inter-ference with their religious freedom and rights of conscience. The letter is dated August 4, 1789, and reads as follows:Š "If I had had the least idea of any difficulty re-sulting from the Constitution adopted by the con- 