SENTINEL 'CIE" 477 Would, Piabably Be,Rrosecuted. A reader in a State having an iron-clad Sunday law withotit "the usual exemption" in favor of those "who keep another day," sends us several newspaper clippingsŠreading notices of Sunday excursions, which he says are well patronized by many of the best church people of that place. "And the ministers never say anything against them. I do not think they tare to. I do not know what some of their members would do if a seventh-day keeper should do some work on Sunday." Well, judging by what has been done in other places, the Sabbatarian would be prosecuted. It ib true that persons who are not Sabbatarians are some-times prosecuted for Sunday work, but they are not half as likely to be thus prosecuted as are those who keep the seventh day. The reason is not far to seek. Sunday work coupled with Sabbath-keeping is a prac-tical protest against the dogma of Sunday sacredness. It is not the Sunday work that "hurts" so much as it is the keeping of another day. Dr. Crafts On the Army Canteen. Dr. W. F. Crafts, not unknown to the readers of The Sentinel, has this to say about the Army canteen : "Numerous papers are arguing that the adminis-tration has done a beneficent work in nullifying the anti-canteen law on the ground that the beer-selling canteen keeps soldiers from whiskey selling `dives' outside. No proof is given that at any specific place the outside saloon has been displacedŠin fact they have increasedŠbut the sufficient and crushing an-swer is that where most of our soldiers have been through all this anti-canteen controversy, in Manila, Cuba, and Porto Rico, the President and War Depart-ment have had full control of saloons on the outside as well as inside." Dr. Crafts, if we mistake not, wrote the anti-can-teen bill, which, after it became law, was "repealed" by the United States Attorney-General. The friends of the law, blame the President, not for the decision against the law but for accepting without question a decision so clearly without any substantial foundation. It would seem that a law could not be made more ex-plicit than the anti-canteen act. There are certain duties which men are bound to render to "Caesar"Šthe stateŠand certain other duties also which men are bound to render to God. Matt. 22:15-20. If men fail to render to God that which is his, they commit a grievous wrong, but this does not confer upon the state authority to step in and command those things which have been withheld from the Lord. If our children fail to show to us that love and respect and obedience which is our due from them, our neighbor across the street may be shocked, but he is not thereby authorized to step in with a club  and compel our 'ungrateful, children to krform',,th,eir duty: We would resent such an intrusion, and no more is our divine Parent pleased that the state should step in and command from his earthly children, under threat of legal penalties, the performance of any act showing love and reverence for him. Such an offering to the Lord would be only an insult. "He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination." The most that the state can do therefore in enjoining upon men the duty of Sab-bath observance, can result only in their offering to God that which is abomination in his sight. An Iowa paper says that "the question of Sunday baseball playing is receiving considerable attention in Des Moines at present, and two or three arrests have been made." The fact that baseball and other games are pro-hibited on Sunday equally with labor and business, proves conclusively the religious motive back of them. The much-talked-of "civil Sabbath" is simply a relig-ious institution enforced by civil law. The great objection to the Sunday paper on the part of the believers in Sunday sacredness, is not the fact that some Sunday work is done in producing the paper. The amount of work actually done on a Sun-day paper on Sunday, is much smaller than the work done on the Monday paper. The great objection to the Sunday paper is that so many people read it in-stead of going to church. It is in this respect a rival of the preacher; and the average Sunday preacher feels that he has a divine right to a monopoly of the day. While he does not ask the government directly to compel the people to go to church, he does demand that civil laws shall be so framed and administered as to reduce to the minimum the possibility of going any-where else on Sunday. Of course very many people, if shut up to the choice of spending the entire day at home or going to church would go to church. The Hong-Kong correspondent of the New York World, writing to that paper under date of June 12, says that "the American troops are practicing in spots in the Philippines a policy beside which a bandit law is a tame affair." The authorities, he explains, have decided that "the rebellion must be 'kept down' and in spite of peace proclamations the soldiers resort to horrible measures with the natives." Continuing his seemingly almost incredible story, the World's correspondent says : "Since the war was officially declared to be ended we have killed more Filipinos than the Spaniards did in both rebellions. Captains and lieutenants'are some-times accusers, judges and executioners. If half a dozen natives, more or less, are shot on suspicion of being our enemies, no news of it reaches the military governor, who wants none." 