AMERICAN SENTINEL. 797 The Catholic Church, as is well known, has for centu-ries been in close union with the Spanish government; and churches built in the islands under Spanish rule, were largely the property of the state. And as such property has now passed to the control of the United States, the point is made, and quite logically, that the Catholic Church has no right to assume control of such church property now. Neither this Government however, nor any other government, has rightfully any business with church property as such, save to hold it subject, like otber prop-erty, to taxation. An Experiment In "Christian Communism." NEAR Columbus, Ga., says The Outlook, there is be-ing conducted an experiment in "Christian communism;" that is, an experiment in applying the principles of Chris-tianity to industrial life, in accordance with the views of such advocates of the system as Prof. Herron, of Grin-nell, Iowa. The community is known as "The Christian Commonwealth," and numbers about seventy souls. It is thus described:Š " The practices of the outside world are exactly re-versed in this Christian community. The bond which holds the association together is not self interest, but brotherly love; instead of competing with one another, they cooperate; the strongest and ablest regard their gifts, not as a means of self-aggrandizement, but as an opportunity for service. Every new member is expected to give to the association all that he has, but poor men are received without admission fee of any kind. All that is necessary is assent to the following statement of faith: `I accept as the law of my life Christ's law that I shall love my neighbor as myself. I will use, hold, or dispose of all my property, my labor, and my income according to the dictates of love for the happiness of all who need. I will not withhold for any selfish ends aught that I have from the fullest service that love inspires.' The system is one of complete communism. Private property is limited to personal effects; all land and capital are owned by the community collectively. There is absolute equality within the association. Every member is asked to do his share in the necessary work, and receives in return all that is needful for his daily life. The colonists have several hundred acres of land, which are being rapidly brought under cultivation. There is an orchard, a nursery garden, a sawmill, a blacksmith shop, and a dairy. Commonwealth has its own post-office, and a printing press from which is issued the monthly organ of the association, The Social Gospel, edited by George Howard Gibson and the Rev. Ralph Albertson." The only trouble with this system, from the stand-point of Christianity, is that it puts the cart before the horse. It is an effort to get the results of the spirit of Christianity by establishing the forms. The spirit must come first, and the forms follow as a natural result. Men must get the spirit of Christianity in order to carry out its principles in their relations with one another; not attempt to do the works of Christianity in order to  get its spirit. True Christian communism must begin with a spiritual mind. A promise to accept Christ's law as the law of one's life amounts to nothing. It is a promise that no person has of himself any power to fulfill. There is really nothing that can take the place of old-fashioned gospel work as a means of hastening the dawn of a brighter day for the suffering and the op-pressed. IN the Philippines, where Rome has so long ruled, the church holidays average about three days out of every week, and are generally observed by those under Rome's control. Rome Favors Annexation. A PRESS dispatch from Washington, dated December 11, gives some very interesting information touching the attitude of the papacy toward the question of Cuban an-nexation. While any intention of annexing the island was expressly disclaimed by the Government when it intervened between Cuba and Spain, the question of an-nexation has nevertheless remained a live question, and promises to remain such for a long time. For, as this dispatch states, the whole influence of the papacy is cast in favor of settling the Cuban question in this way. Nor is the purpose of Rome in this hard to discover. The dispatch says that "Archbishop Ireland is urg-ing annexation, and it is believed he is voicing the senti-ments of the pope. The St. Paul prelate has been in Washington several days, and he has talked with a num-ber of influential senators and representatives on this subject. He explains that he speaks for the majority of Cubans, who want a stable government that will permit the development of the resources of the island in peace. He represents the Cubans of property as being in dread of a native government, because of the frequent revolu-tions peculiar to the republics of Latin America. This is a delicate subject, about which the archbishop natur-ally refuses to talk freely for publication, but Roman Catholics close to him understand that he has the sanc-tion of the pope in this propaganda." "There is corroborative evidence that the pope is using his influence for annexation. Most of the Roman Catholic members of the heirarchy of the United States are warm advocates of annexation. It is said at the Catholic University in this city that Count Camillo Peed, a nephew of Leo XIII., is coming to this country soon, and it is asserted he will be charged by the vatican with the mission of working for annexation. Archbishop Ire-land is an ardent adxocate of territorial expansion, and he frankly expressed the hope and belief that Cuba will be taken into the United States. If it prove true that Pope Leo is taking an active part to bring about annex-tion, his influence in that direction will be a powerful 