TI4V, AMERICAN 81E NTIN1 I-. 75 enact laws to prevent it ? and how can it be that there is such an Egyptian bondage of enslaved toil as the Sunday-law advo-cates so lamentingly describe ? In the pro-posedefforts in behalf of the workingman, these two movements do not fit together at all. And the reason is that one of them --the Sunday-law, effortŠis a fraud. It is true they claim that those are " forced to labor " only on Sunday. But,, in view of the vast army of the unemployed, is it not true that, there are a multitude of men who would be only too glad to have the opportunity to work on Sunday for proper wages ? The fact is, that poor plea in behalf of forced labor on Sunday has not a solitary item of merit to support it. It is nothing but a sheer hoax. That Fraud of a Fraud. WE,  stated last week that the theory that a seventh part of time, is' necessary for physical rest is a fraud and is based upon a fraud.1 The authority for this seventh-part-of-time theory is " the Rev. Nicholas Bound, D.D., of Norton, in the county of Suffolk," England. He' was a Puritan and t*romulgated this doctrine of. the Sabbath, in. a book which he pub-lished, about the year .1595 A. D. The way it came about was this : It was in the height of the controversy between the Church of England and the puritans about " habits and ceremonies, and church discipline." The Church of England maintained, That though the holy Scriptures are a perfect standard of doctrine, they are not a rule of discipline and. government: nor is the practice of the apostles an invariable rule or law to the Church in succeed-ing ages, because they acted according to the cir-cumstances of the Chtirch in its infant and perse-cuted state: neither are the Scriptures a rule of human actions, so far as that whatsoever Vve do in matters of religion without their express direction or warrant is sin, but many things are left indif-ferent. The Church is a society like others, in-vested with powers to make what laws she appre-hends reasonable, decent, or necessary for her well-being and government, provided they do not interfere with or contradict the laws and command-ments of holy Scripture : Where the Scripture is silent, human authority may interpose; we must then have'recourse to the reason of things and the rights of society. It follows from thence that the Church is at liberty to appoint ceremonies, and establish order within the limits above mentioned; and her authority ought to determine what is fit and convenient. All.this the Puritans denied, and asserted that the Scriptures are a rule of discipline and government as well as a perfect stand-ard,  of doctrine. The position of the Church of England, summarily stated, was, that, whatever the Scriptures do not forbid, in matters of church discipline and church government, may be done without sin. While the Puritan .position was, that, Whatever is not commanded in. the Scriptures, in these things, cannot be done without sin. The, Puritans there-fore dropped all church festivals and feast days, surplices, habits, and ceremonies, and  charged the Episcopalians with " popish leaven and superstition, and subjection to the ordinances of men " because they re-tained these. As proof that ought to con-vince the Puritans that the Church had liberty in such things as these, the Epis-copalians produced the fact that the ob-servance of Sunday is only an ordinance of the Church and rests only upon the authority of the Church; and that the Puritans therefore, contradicted them-selves in observing Sunday while denounc-ing the authority of the Church the only authority upon which that observance rests. This put the Puritans in a box; and they had to cast about for some way to get themselves out. They would not admit the authority of the Church ; because if they did ,that would involve the obliga-tion to observe all the other festivals. Directions of Scripture to observe Sunday they found none, and yet they would not give it up. There was great perplexity. What could be done ? Then it was that the inventive genius of Dr. Bound found play. He came to the rescue with the theory that, It is not the definite seventh day, but " a seventh part of time " that is required by the fourth commandment to be kept for the Sabbath: that it is " not the seventh day from creation; but the day of Christ's resurrection, and the seventh day from that : " that " the 'seventh day is genus" in the fourth commandment, so that " the seventh day from creation, and the day of Christ's resurrection and the seventh from that " are " both of them at several times com-prehended in the Łcommandment, even as genus comprehendeth both his species," Thus the fourth commandment was made to enforce the seventh day from creation until the resurrection of Christ and then the first day from that time onward. This brought joy to the Puritans, for it relieved them from the dilemma into which the answer of the 'Episcopalians had cast them. " This book had a wonderful spread among the people." "All the Puritans fell in with this doc-trine, and distinguished themselves by spending that part of sacred time in pub-lic, family, and private acts of devotion." Says Heylin :Š This doctrine, carrying such a fair show of piety, at least in the opinion of the common people, and such as did not examine the true grounds of it, induced many to embrace and defend it; and in a very little time it became the most bewitching error and the most popular infatuation that ever was embraced by the people of England. But for what purpose was this "seventh part of time " appointed ? for what was it to be used when it had been discovered ? " This year [1594] Dr. Bound published his treatise on the Sabbath, wherein he maintains the morality of a seventh part of time for the worship of God.ŠNeal, History of the Puritans, Part I Chapter VIII paragraph, 120, There was not in it the remotest idea that this time was for physical rest. It was solely for worship and religious ex- ercises. The suggestion of such a thought as that this time was intended or might be devoted to physical rest would have been spurned as only the suggestion of the arch enemy of all righteousness, by the founder of the theory and by every other Puritan that ever lived in Puritan times, The theory therefore that a seventh part of time is necessary for physical rest is a positive fraud upon the original. And that the original invention that a seventh part of time is what is com-manded and required, by the fourth com-mandment, is a positive fraud, is clearly proved not only by the circumstances of its invention but also by every test of Scripture and every rule of law. But, this theory of a seventh part of time for physical rest is not only .a fraud upon the original Puritan theory of seventh part of time for the worship of God, it is also a fraud upon the com-mandment of God which enjoins the day of rest. That commandment says : " Re-member the Sabbath-day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any' work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Here are the reasons : first, he rested on the seventh day; second, he blessed it and made it holy. That you may become tired is not given as a reason for doing ,no work on the seventh day. God does not say that on the seventh day you shall do no work because if you should you would overdo or break down your physical system. Noth-ing of the kind. Man's physical wants are not referred to in the commandment. It .says, Work six days because the Lord worked six days ; rest on the seventh be-cause the Lord rested on the seventh day; keep that day holy, because the Lord blessed it and made it holy. It is the Lord who is to be held in view. It is the Lord who is to be exalted. Therefore the fourth com-mandment and its obligations have solely to do with man's relationship to God. It is not man's physical but his spiritual, needs that are held in view in the Sabbath commandment. This is further proved by referring again to the reason given in the commandment for the resting. It is to rest the seventh : day because the Lord rested that day. ' Now did the Lord rest because he was weary from what he had done on the six days ? Did he rest because if he should work longer there was danger of over-doing or breaking down his physical system ? Not at all. " Hast thou net 