1'24 AMLL1111A C A.N VoL. 10, No. 16. I might say that tnere is nothing I regard with more concern or solicitude than an encroachment of legisla-tive enactment upon the personal rights of the indi-vidual in matters of conscience. That there is a limit in these matters beyond which legislation cannot rightfully go, will be conceded by every man. . . . But here we have a very respectable element of Christian believers who are honest, inoffensive, law-abiding people in all matters not conflicting with their sense of duty, who believe they are under divine com-mand to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. As a matter of abstract, individual right, can they be re-quired to observe another day also ? Their position is not that of a person who claims that es a matter of personal liberty he has the right, if he chooses, to run an open saloon on Sunday, or to do any like act. That is not a matter of conscienceŠthis is. They 'claim that it is not only their right, but their duty under divine command to observe the seventh day. Calling them " cranks " is no argument and has nothing to do with the question. If there were only one of them he would be entitled not only to his honest belief, but to the exercise of that belief, so long as in so doing he did not interfere with some natural right of his neigh-bors. A man cannot kill another and excuse himself on the ground that he believed he was carrying out God's will in so doing, because this would deprive his victim of a natural right, viz.: the enjoyment of life. Do the defendants in keeping the seventh day and working on the first, thereby interfere with any nat-ural right of their neighbors ? Or is it an artificial right created by human law ? Has any power but the divine will the right to establish any one day as the Sabbath ? If the day has been appointed by divine edict, but two or more persons honestly and conscien-tiously differ as to what day was appointed, can the dispute be settled by legislative enactment ? And shall one be given rights which are denied the other ? Does might make right, and have the majority the right to dictate in matters purely of conscience ? In reporting the trials of the Adventists, the Dayton Republican, of March 9, had the following head-lines:Š PERSECUTION. Prosperous Community Broken Up. GRAYSVILLE ADVENTISTS SUFFER FROM A BAD LAW. THE COUNTY JAIL TO BE RECRUITED WITH SOME OF OUR BEST CITIZENS FOR WORKING ON SUNDAY. But notwithstanding the fact that we have the sympathy of the court and of the consid-erate and thinking portion of the community, there are not wanting illiberal persons who seem determined to pursue us with the laW; and at the recent term of court there were twenty additional indictments found against usŠmany of them for the most trivial acts which would pass without remark if done by persons not observing the seventh day. Our enemies themselves being witnesses, we are law-abiding citizens in all matters not conflicting with our sense of duty to God. Our refusal to obey the Sunday laws of Ten- nessee does not arise from any disposition to defy the State, or from any willful disregard of civil authority; but is due solely to our conscientious convictions of divine obligation. Nor are we governed in this matter by blind fanaticism. The divine right of dissent is the most precious right with which the Cre-ator has endowed man, and millions have laid down their lives rather than surrender it. That eminent citizen of Kentucky, Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in his capacity as chair-man of the House Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, in,his matchless report to the National House of Representatives, on Sunday mails, March 4, 1830, said The framers of the Constitution recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above human legislation, and his rights of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms. It is this conscientiousness which in defiance of human laws, has sustained so many martyrs in tortures and in flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to human enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn principle which nothing can eradicate. The bigot, in the pride of his authority, may lose sight of it; but strip him of his power, prescribe a faith to  him which his conscience rejects, threaten him in turn with the dungeon and the fagot, and the spirit which God has implanted in him rises up in rebellion and defies you. Nor is it alone by statesmen that this prin-ciple has been recognized and defended. The eminent educator and moral philosopher, President Fairchild, in his work on " Moral Philosophy," states the same truth thus suc-cinctly :Š It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and that " we ought to obey God rather than men" in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can ques-tion the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible: to disobey the law and resist the government in its attempt to exe-cute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement can be sustained.. Ł . The second course will, in general, commend itself to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous and at the same time a recognition of government as a grave interest. The latter course mentioned by President Fairchild is the one which has been pursued by Christians in every age. The apostles re-fused obedience to civil authority when civil law required of them obedience which they could not conscientiously ren-der; and thousands of martyrs have laid down their lives rather than yield to any earthly authority in matters of conscience. Our own country has not been without wit-nesses to this principle. The Baptists and. Quakers of New England and Virginia, suf-fered fines, imprisonment, whipping, and some of them. even death itself, rather than prove disloyal to'conscience. We are not asking special favors, or the patronage of public authority; we seek only the rights -Which we ought to enjoy under Section 3 of the Declaration of Rights. We do not ask toleration merely, but, in the language of Hon. Richard M. Johnson, we declare that " what others call religious toler-ation, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indul-gence, but as rights of which government cannot deprive any portion of citizens however,  small. Despotic power may invade these rights, but justice still confirms them." We do not ask simply for a clause exempt-ing us from the penalties of the law, but for the repeal of the law; because simply to ask an exemption would be to admit the right of the State to legislate upon such questions,,  and to consent to the idea that the legislature might properly require of others that which we are not willing it should exact from us. We believe that properly interpreted, the Declaration of Rights of the State of Tennes-see would afford equal protection to all; and that justice to all, and a due regard for in-alienable rights demand the repeal of Section 2289 of the code of the State; and for this we accordingly pray. Ł  THE DECLARATION OF RIGHTS OF TENNESSEE VS. THE TENNESSEE SUNDAY LAW. THE preceding memorial to the Tennessee legislature deserves more than passing no-tice. It is a' remarkable fact in itself that there should be occasion for such a memo-rial in the eloSing decade of the nineteenth century. The facts set forth are startling, the arguments used-are convincing, and the principle stated is sound. That the Sunday laws are religious in their origin and purpose there can be no doubt. This has so often been admitted even by the defenders of the Sunday laws that it is idle to question it. In deciding the King case in  Western Tennessee, August 1, 1891, Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court, said: " Sunday observance is so essen-tially a part of that [the Christian] reli-gion that we cannot rid our laws of it." And again, in the same opinion, his honor said:Š Ł Freedom of religious belief is guaranteed by the Constitution; not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observances, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practices of his creed; which is quite a different thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor, disconnected with his religion, just as much as other people's labor is discon-nected with religion, labor not being an acknowledged principle or tenet of religion by him, nor generally or anywhere, he"might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. His honor erred in stating that Mr. King's daily laabor was disconnected from his religion ; because Mr. King belonged to a class of reli-gionists who believe that whether they eat or drink, or whatsoever they do, they should do all to the glory of God, and that the fourth commandment not only requires Sabbath rest, but forbids a like treatment of any other day. The vital point, however, in this quotation from Judge Hammond's opinion, is his recog-nition of the fact that Sunday is a religious institution, and that it has a place in our laws for religious reasons.. His honor, Judge Parks, admitted the same truth in his opinion in the recent cases in Rhea County, Tenn. He said is, and fdr a long time has been, recognized by nearly all Christian denominations as the Sabbath, and it is for this reason, no doubt, that the law which protects that day has been acquiesced in as constitu-tional. Such authorities might be greatly multi-plied, but it is unnecessary. The reasons given are not in keeping with American prin-ciples of government. " There is not a shadow of right in the generalGovernment," says James Madison, " to intermeddle with religion. Its least interference with it would be a most fla-grant usurpation."' This language is just as true of the governm6nt of Tennessee, whose Declaration of Rights declares " That no hu-man authority can, in any case whatever, con-trol or interfere with the rights of conscience." It was certainly the purpose of the framers of the constitution of Tennessee to guarantee ab-solute freedom of conscience; and the lan-guage of the Declaration of Rights is even plainer and more comprehensive than is that of the First Amendment to the, Constitution of the United States. If it be objected that a man cannot be per-mitted to do everything that his conscience may lead him to do, it is sufficient to reply in the words of Thomas Jefferson: " Our leg-islators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power, that their true office is to declare and enforce our natural rights and,duties, and to take none of them-from us."' The State need not ask what any man's con-science is, but simply guard the rights of the individual. It is no concern of the State what the individual does so long as in so doing he does not infringe the rights of his fellow-man. Judge Parks stated this principle thus clearly in his opinion already referred to: " A man cannot kill another and excuse himself on the ground that he believed he was carrying out God's will in so doing, because this would de-prive his victim of a natural right, viz.: the enjoyment of life. Do the defendants, in keeping the seventh day and working on the 1  Elliott's Debate on the Federal Constitution, Vol. III, p. 330. Works of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. VII, p. 3. 