102 Ł THE ANIElICAN SENTINEL. Religious Intolerance in Arkansas. THAT the various attempts to secure National and State Sunday laws are in the exact line of the work of so-called National Reform, becomes more and more apparent as we notice the character of the work.- The idea of all who are thoroughly com-mitted to the worlPseems to be that they own the earth, and that any who differ with them, no matter how conscientiously, have no rights what-ever. The readers of the SENTINEL are familiar with the remark of E. B. Graham, a vice-presi-dent of the National Reform Association, that its opponents, whom he denominated "opponents of the Bible," might " go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it and set up a government of their own." The Rev. G. W. Bothwell; D. D., of Oakland, speaks lordly of Sunday-law people as being the " benefactors" of the observers of the seventh day, because they allow them to live in their country, and quietly live out their religion. In the same line is:the speech of Senator Till-man, of Arkansas, in support of his Sunday bill, in the Arkansas Legislature, March 4. The bill in question is a bill to repeal the clause which now exempts conscientious observers of the seventh day from the penalties of the Sunday law. From the report in the Little Rock Gazette, March 5, we take the following:Š " Senator Tillman, the author of the bill repeal-ing the statute, taking the floor in favor of his bill, said :Š "Mr. President, I assume that Christianity is the true religion, and that the first day of the week is the Christian Sabbath. The Christian Sabbath is an institution of God Almighty, and should be respected as such, and if assailed the civil law should be invoked to protect it. This bill provides for the general observance of the first day of the week as a day of rest from secular enjoyments, other than those of necessity, comfort, or charity. It is in the nature of a civil regulation only. It is not of the character of State protection to chur.ch. It does not seek to violate the principle that affairs of Church and State should be kept separate. It interferes in no way with the full and free exer-cise of religious freedom. The State has a right by legislative enactment to provide for the observ-ance of the Sabbath-day, and to punish a violator of the same, and keep within the purview of the Constitution of the United States and the Consti-tution of the State of Arkansas. The Supreme Court of this State, in the case of the State against Scoles, decided that the law of 1885, which the bill seeks to revive, was constitutional. "I have a local interest in the measure. In my county (Washington) we have a religious sect known as the Seventh-day Adventists, a very de-vout and respectable people, but they labor on our Sabbath and greatly annoy the Christian people of that section. In Springdale, where most of these people live, there exists a very great demand for the passage of this bill. I promised those people to introduce a bill of this kind. I have done so, and worked earnestly for its passage, and if it does pass this Senate I will meet with aŁ hearty well done' from my friends there on my return from my labors here. "I want to ask senators who vote against the bill if they would like to have their children raised in a community where they would be compelled to see the Christian Sabbath desecrated ? What effect would it have on a4hild t9 pass, on the way to church or Sunday-school, plowing or reaping in the fields, when you are doing all you can to bring it up in the way it should go:? I imagine you gentlemen would not relish exposure of this kind. If you lived in Springdale for a few months your opinions on thereligicairiberty ' function would undergo a radical change. Those Seventh-day Adventists are generally good citizens, but"  they have become very aggressive since the passage of the Sunday law of two years ago, and our people are getting very tired of them. The senator from Independence suggests that if this bill should pass it will drive these people from the State. That would not be a serious loss. There would be fewer Sabbath breakers to deal with. After having left Arkansas they might very truly exclaimŠ " True patriots are we; For be it understood, We left our country For our country's good." It is apparent that proscription is the hand-maid of Sunday legislation. What is the reason that Mr. Tillman wants to restrict the God-given privileges of Seventh-day Adventists to work on six days and rest the seventh"? Oh, since they were granted, not equal rights, but simple toler-ation, they have become "aggressive." What does that mean? Simply that they have been actively preaching the faith which they profess, and have induced many to accept it. Has that faith made them more vicious? does the accept-ance of it by any people make them worse neigh-bors, and endanger life or property? No; not by any means; but it is contrary to the' belief of the majority; and so it must be suppressed, and those who hold it be driven from the State. Yet the Senator dares say that the bill is not in the nature of religious legislation, nor of State pro-tection to church, and that "it interferes in no way with the full and free exercise of religious freedom." We prefer to have religious freedom defined by somebody who gives better evidence of a knowledge of religion than being the author of a bill to drive innocent people from the. State, because they do not believe as others do. The bill passed the Senate by a vote of 16 to 11. We have not yet heard from the Lower House. Capital and Labor. THE fallacy which is common to almost all labor organizations, and which the leaders and " walking delegates " of these organizations gen-erally do their utmost to propagate among work-ingmen, and that, too, for selfish purposes, con-sists in the assumption that there is a real conflict between the two classes represented by the terms "capital" and "labor." The term "capital" means those who have an accumulated capital, and are engaged in some form of business that makes it necessary for them to become the employers of others, paying them wages for their labor. The term " labor" means those who, not having cap-ital which they can invest in any branch of business, have nothing to sell but their labor, and support themselves and their families out of the wages paid to them by their employers. The one class want and need to buy labor, and the other class just as much want and need to sell labor. Both classes, so far from being arrayed against each other, are supplementary to each other and mutually dependent upon each other. Neither can get along without the other. There is no just occasion for any war between them any more than between the buyers and sellers of commodi-ties. Their interests are not conflicting but co-incident and mutually contributory. What is the rate of compensation that capital ()tight to pay to labor? How much shall the seller of labor receive from the employer for the service rendered by the former to the latter ? There is only one practical answer to this question; and that answer, in the long run, and as a general, rule, will be more equitable than any other which it is possible to give, where buyers and sellers are  left free to make their own bargains. The law of supply and demand, under free competition, will fix the price of labor as between buyers and sellers of labor, just as it fixes the price of all commodi-ties that come into the market to be bought and sold. When the demand exceeds the supply of labor, wages will rise; and when the supply ex-ceeds the demand, wages will just as naturally fall to a lower mark. When buyers compete with each other, prices necessarily advance; and when sellers compete with each other, they as necessarily go down. This has been the history of the world ever since men began to buy .and sell; and it will continue to be its history through all time. The result is an average market price, which the buyer must pay and the seller must accept. All the labor organizations that were ever got-ten up by men cannot repeal this law, or put in its place any other law that would, on the whole, work better for the interests of human society, including all classes. Such organizations may for a short period force prices out of their natural course; but in the end they will come back again under the general law of supply and demand. Such has been the fact in the past, and we conclude that it will.be  so in the future. The plain truth is, that capital and labor are naturally and necessarily co-operative and not antagonistical. They have common interests, and work together, and must work together. All that capital needs is a free market in which to buy, and all that labor needs is a free market in which to sell. Give to both a free market without any coercion or constraint on either side, and each in serving itself will, under the natural laws of trade, serve the others. " Walking delegates " and labor "strikes " are a very poor remedy for regulating the rate of wages. They produce far more harm than good, and are a general curse to the best interests of society.Š/ndependent, N. Y., Jan. 8, 1889.  Ł« op Ł THE following from the Chicago Tribune of February 14 is an illustration of the unconscion-able tyranny of' the spirit of trades unionism The brutality of trades unionism reached its climax in Brooklyn Tuesday when a walking del-egate stopped a funeral procession because- there was,a "scab" cab in the line. The living have had to submit to considerable inconvenience in their af-fairs from time to time, to meet the requirements of these associations. It was scarcely to be expected that the dead would be kept above the earth until the orders of the walking delegate should be obeyed. But in the instance alluded, to the fun-eral halted and remained at a standstill until the offensive cab was driven away, and then the offi-ces of humanity were permitted to proceed. It is incredible that any intelligent body of men ap-prove of so brutal a business; and if the walking delegate who made so unseemly a disturbance is not removed from a post he has so discreditably filled, the reputation of his union ought to be set-tied with the people of Brooklyn. They should give it a thorough taste of its own medicine. AT the quarterly convention of the Allegheny County (Pa.) W. C. T. U., Mrs. Sarah E. Gem-mill made a strong plea for National Reform, closing her speech as follows: "I ask you as Christian women to help amend the Constitution of our Nation, so that it will acknowledge God as the source of authority, Jesus as the Ruler, and the Bible as the standard by which all moral issues in the political world are to be decided." 