400 ELI VoL. 11, No. 50. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 17, 1896. VW-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. JOHN G. WOOLEY says that "it seems as clear as a demonstration that the rallying cry and fighting slogan of our Christian Citizen-ship in the present civic revolution ought to be, Election day for a testimony to Jesus Christ." THE Ministerial Association, composed of many good clergymen, has undertaken to wrestle with the "ideal newspaper." Softly, dear brethren. The ideal newspaper will come in time with the ideal sermon. In the meantime why not render unto Ceesar the things that are Cagsar's, and unto God the things that are God's ?ŠNew York Herald. THROUGH a misunderstanding we missed stating at the proper time that the excellent first-page cut of Napoleon, which appeared,  in our issue of December 3, was printed by permission of McClure's Magazine. This en-terprising magazine reproduced it from an unpublished water color in the collection of Monsieur Christophle, ex-minister of Public Works, France. PROFESSOR GOULD, of Philadelphia, in an address before a church congress at Norfolk, Va., a short time ago, said that "One of the most gigantic trusts, whose fraudulent oper-ations astonished and shocked the country, has on its board of directors two Sunday-school superintendents and other men high in the councils of the Church." There is no comment needed on this. PROBABLY the chief, if not the only quarrel the clergy have with the Sunday newspaper is that it makes people forget that "it was time to go to church half an hour ago" on Sunday morning. The remedy is evidently not to suppress the Sunday newspaper, which is a vain hope, but to make the Sunday ser-mon so attractive that church time will be looked forward to with eagerness.ŠNew York Journal. IN his efforts in behalf of temperance and also prohibition nobody can bid John G. Wooley more hearty God-speed than we do. But to his effort and hope to have the Church dominate and "ran" the Government, no-body can be more opposed than are we. These views of religion are as political as those of the veriest National Reformer that has yet appeared. In. Our Day, for November, 1896, he declares thatŠ This country will never be saved but by the en- thronement of Jesus in the politics of the republic, and his coronation by the Christian voters as the "King of kings and Lord of lords," and Platform of platforms. Whether the country is ever saved or not, this thing will never be. There will never be any enthronement of Jesus in'the politics of the republic; nor will he ever be crowned by the Christian voters as King of kings, nor as anything else. There were some folks once before who proposed "the enthronement of Jesus in the politics of the country," but he departed from them. In that day he said, "I receive not honor from men." And he says it yet. THE old directions to petitioners to Con-gress for religious legislation are still being repeated. The Reform Bureau says: "While individual signatures are good, especially if occupation and address are given, indorse-ments of churches, societies and public meet-ings, by vote are better." In this way not only can the same petitions be repeated in-definitely, but thousands of people who are opposed to it can be counted for it. Yes, for their purposes a vote is better than indiv-idual petitions; and a crooked vote better than a straight petition. "WHAT AN IMPROVEMENT!" SURELY this is what the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL will say when they shall see the first issue of the new year. Begin-ning with 1897, the SENTINEL will wear an entirely new dress, and will have sixteen pages. The pages will be of different form and somewhat reduced in size; but altogether the SENTINEL will be larger than it is now. Look out for it. THE apologists of the New England Puri-tans think they have a mighty weapon in de-fense of their heroes when they have demon-strated that there was no specific statute pro-hibiting kissing on Sunday. Upon this they declare that Sam. Peter's account of the Blue Laws is all a made-up story, out of enmity to the innocent Puritans. The truth of the matter is that the Bible was the code, and the Bible forbidS "finding thine own pleasure" on the Sabbath day. And though this applies to the seventh day and not to Sunday at all, the Puritans decided that Sunday is the Sab-bath, and then made this Scripture apply to Sunday observance. Then, by this piece of hocus pocus, Sunday being the Sabbath, and the Bible being the code, as the code forbade people finding their own pleasure on the Sab-bath, and as assuredly it is a pleasure for a man to kiss his wife, it followed plainly enough that it was unlawful for a man to kiss his wife on Sunday. And now the vast Na tional Reform Christian Endeavor combina-tion are determined to have the Bible the code of the whole nation with themselves as final interpreters, as in that other Blue Law system. ON Thanksgiving day last month, at Lin-coln, Neb., Presiding Elder D.. W. C. Hunt-ingdon preached a sermon which was hardly anything else than a long, blind, unreasoning defense of the Puritans and all their enormi-ties. This, however, is neither new or unu-sual. It is probable that the same thing was done at other places in the United States the same day. We notice it here only to call attention to it as one of the things, among many others of to-day, that needs to be watched and thought about. For, as has been well remarked, "if we are to be profited by the past, it is essential that we should study our history honestly and impartially. We cannot be true to ourselves if we begin by being false to our predecessors. If we credit them with motives they did not feel and could not have understood; if we claim for them things which they never accom-plished; if we defend their indefensible acts; if we seek to prove them in the right when they were in the wrong, in their behavior to-ward othersŠit will follow that we will deal likewise in our own case, and prove dishonest and tricky as a nation and in our personal transactions." Any one who will defend or excuse to-day the barbarisms and enormities of the Puritans, will just as readily defend or excuse the like things if they should be committed under like circumstances to-day. THE following appeared in the November issue of Our Day, from the pen of Rev. W. F. Crafts:Š Another ill omen is the resurrection of Breckenridge, of Kentucky, by the gold Democrats, as a speaker at their national convention, where his welcome was not unmixed with wholesome hisses, and his renewed candidacy for Congress under the auspices of that party, endorsed by Republicans of the district also. Mr. Crafts and those for whom he speaks evidently do not consider the debt of grati-tude they owe Mr. Breckenridge as their con-gressional ally in the effort made in 1890 to get Congress to pass a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. It must be hard for Mr. Breckenridge to be thus disowned by the party whom he led only six years ago in the crusade for " moral reform" by congressional enactment. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Association. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON. VICE-PRESIDENT, - - A. T. JONES, SECRETARY, - A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, Three " - .50. - .25. ADDRESS, AllERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 