426 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. NEWS, NOTES AND COMMENT The Washington Post complains that one cannot get shaved in Washington on Sunday, though there is,  no trouble about getting drunk. The story is told by a contributor to the Sunday-school Times of a Chinaman who, being converted to Christianity, refused to keep his shop open on Sunday, despite the danger incurred from anti-foreign sympa-thizers. Some ferocious soldiers demanded admittance and were refused; but, instead of wrecking the store, as was expected, they retired, remarking that as the man appeared conscientious in his beliefŠwhich he had explained toŁ themŠthey would not molest him. Surprised at his escape from the threatened danger a friend asked the newly made Christian how it was that no harm had befallen him, and the answer was : "The God whom I serve protects his children." And yet we are told by the advocates of Sunday sacredness in this country, that "the Sabbath" cannot be preserved with-out the aid of civil law ! * * * A Sunday closing ordinance has been adopted in Hillsdale, Mich. It decrees that no meat markets, groceries, or other business places shall be open on Sundays, save drug stores, and these only between the hours of 9 and ro o'clock a. m. and 6 and 7 o'clock p. m. Livery stables are allowed to be open for "or-dinary legitimate business" only. Those persons are exempted who "conscientiously believe in and keep Saturday as the Sabbath." The ordinance was passed without a dissenting vote. Any violation of it is to be punished by fine or imprisonment. * * * A Washington, D. C., telegram dated July 1 states that "Another Cuban scandal has just come to light through reports to army officers received at the war department. Thousands of poor 'laborers," says the dispatch, "have been at the mercy of the money sharks, who through the favoritism of the civil admin-istration have been permittted to buy up the time checks of the workmen." By this means these "money sharks" were "enabled to have the full pay of the common laborers turned over to them. The war de-partment has ordered that an immediate stop be put to the practice." And thus the unsavory record goes on. The state fish commissioner of Indiana is a clergy-man, the Rev. Mr. Sweeney ; nevertheless it is allow-able, by his permission, to catch fish on Sunday when that is the first day following, the last day of the pro-hibited season, which in Indiana is from March 31 to July 1. Mr. Sweeney says that a good deal should be forgiven a fisherman who has restrained his strongest, desire for two months. * * * And now complaint is made that the elephant at the Lincoln Park Zoo is not allowed to rest on Sun-day, but is compelled "to tramp back and forth on a park path carrying half a dozen persons on her back at five cents per head." Commenting upon the late , cabinet crisis, the Catholic Standard and Times says : "There is, seemingly, but one course open to the unfortunate Italian monarchy. It may have to 'go to Canossa,' as Bismarck had, and seek a reconciliation with the Papacy. The Catholics of Italy hold the key of the position, and they are seemingly the only force that now stands between monarchy and anarchy. We may have stirring events in the peninsula before the world is many months older." And what is true of Italy is true in large measure in every civilized country under heaven. The Cath-olics "hold the key of the position"Šthat is the bal-ance of powerŠnot only in Italy and Germany, but everywhere, and nowhere more fully than in the United States. The past year's growth in Christian endeavor, ac-cording to Secretary Baer, has been remarkable. More societies have been added to the rolls during the last 12 months than for several years. There are now 59,712 Christian Endeavor societies in the world, with a total membership of 3,500,000. Every single nation in the world is represented. There are three .thriving societies in the Philippines. The treasurer's report showed the finances in good condition. The total re-ceipts were $11,263, and the total expenses $11,413. * , In a recent speech at Exeter Hall, London, Lord Salisbury, touching upon the present troubles in China, said he wished the missionaries would not get themselves martyred, or if this was inevitable, that they would get martyred as quickly as possible. The English premier very properly regards it a misfortune that the martyrdom of Christian missionaries should result in serious Łinternational complications. Cer-tainly the Author of Christianity never designed that such should be the case. 