"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, AUGUST 30, 1894. NUMBER 34.   ity, disability, or absence; " then of course it is to be expected that such princes or peoples will listen respectfully to what Mr. Pecci says when he addresses the princes and peoples of the universe. For,  as a matter of course, if Mr. Joachim Pecci occupies the throne and conducts the affairs of the universe in the place of God, it follows plainly enough' that when he speaks he speaks to the universe, and must be listened to accordingly. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New.  York Post-Office. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, ALONZO 'P. JONES, - - EDITORS. A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. JOACHIM PECCI, as Leo XIII., is pope of Rome, and of all that the word Rome suggests. THIS Joachim Pecci, as " Leo XIII., Pope," has recentlyŠJune 21Šaddressed a communication "to the Princes and 14.=oples of the Universe." BUT why does this man Pecci presume to speak to the princes and peoples of the universe f What causes Joachim Pecci to think that the universe will listen or care to listen to what he has to say ? On, he thinks that lie is God on earth! He actually tells " the princes and peoples of the universe " that " We "Šthere seems to be more than one of himŠ" We hold the regency of God on earth." And he tells it with an air that suggests that he really expects the universe to take seri-ously and believe the ridiculous statement. Now, what is a regency ?ŠThis is what it is: A regency is the office and adminis-tration of a regent; and a " regent is an a(hninistrator of a realm during the mi-nority or incapacity of the king; " " one who rules or reigns, hence, one invested with vicarious authority; one who governs a kingdom in the minority, absence, or disability, of the sovereign." Now, if there are any princes or peoples in the universe.who think that God is in his minority and is therefore too young, or that he is old enough but is afflicted with some disability and is consequently unable to conduct the affairs of the uni-verse; or who think that he is all right himself, but has gone off somewhere out-side of the Universe; and if, in addition, those princes and peoples think that the Lord has left Joachim, Pecci to run the universe during the period of his " minor- BUT if any person believes that God is what he is, " the King Eternal, Immortal, Invisible, the Only Wise God," then that person knows that it is impossible that such a thing could ever occur as his " minority, absence, or disability ; " that therefOre it is impossible that there ever could be any such thing as a " regency of God ; " and that, consequently, the idea that Joachim Pecci or any other man should " hold the regency of God on earth," or anywhere else, is too ridiculous for ' serious consideration if it were not supremely blasphemous. NO; Vincent Joachim Pecci, as " Leo XIII., Pope," has no more right or authority to assert or claim to hold any "regency of God," and from such position speak to the princes and peoples of the universe, than has any other Italian or any Hottentot. Yet there are so many princes and peoples who actually believe this ridiculous and blas-phemous thing, and there are so many more who will admit tacitly or otherwise this ridiculous and blasphemous claim, and all together will therefore give such place to this claim and such force to these words, that for this reason and no other, it is well to set forth the principal points in this communication to " the universe." IN calling all the universe to " the unity of the Catholic faith," he first designates those outside the pale of Christendom, next the Eastern churches, next the Sla-vonic race, and lastly the Protestants. He so longs for the Protestants in partic-ular that he says, it is= with " burning charity " that he turns toward these. Yes, there is no doubt of that. Those who have exercised this same "regency" before him have always had a burning charity for Protestants. John Huss, and' Jerome of Prague, and thousands of other  Protestants, were literally burned to ashes by it. WeŠand there are actually more than one of usŠwe desire to see no more manifestations of this "burning charity" anywhere in "the universe." THAT part that is the most important to the people of the United StatesŠthat part that will be the most taking to the professed Protestants in the United States, and that will be pushed to the front most here, is the passage in which he states the relations of the Church to the State. Here it is:Š It [the Church] is invested with power to make laws, and in the exercise of this power it is just that it should be free, even as this is just to all in any way depending on its authority. This liberty, however, need not arouse rivalries and antagonisms, for the Church aspires to no power and obeys no ambitions. What it desires solely is to preserve among men the exercise of virtue, and by this means assure their eternal salvation. And so it uses condescension and maternal processes. More than this, having regard to the requirements of all societies, it sometimes waives the exercise of its own rights, as has been shown abundantly by its conventions with different States. Nothing is farther from its thoughts than to trespass upon the rights of civil authority, which in return should respect the rights of the Church and beware of usurping any part of them. . . . Go4, Creator and Ruler of the world, of his high foresight, has given forth government of human societies, both civil and sacred authorities, wishing thereby, no doubt, to keep them distinct, but forbidding all rup-ture and conflict between them. This is not all. The Divine will and the general good of societies require that the civil power should be in harmony with the ecclesiastical power. The State has its own rights and duties. The Church has hers. Between them there should be the bonds of strictest concord. So would surely be suppressed the unrest visible in the relations of Church and State Šan unrest for many reasons perilous and grievous to all good people. So, without confusing or separating rights, all citizens could render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things which are God's. That all sounds very well, and looks nice enough on paper, but like fly-paper, or the sugared pill, its sweetness is all on the surface and very thin at that. As thin as it is, however, it is altogether likely that it is thick enough to cause many professed Protestants to think that instead of a sugar pill it is a perfectly rounded bulb of solid sweetness, or instead of mere fly-paper and poisoned too, it is a whole hive of honey. Let us set alongside of this a passage on this point, written only three years ago by this same Mr. 