\\\\\ \ `,\ ‚, \ PUELISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No: 4a BoND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO,. CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, 'CAL. EDITORS, E. j. WAGOONER, ALONZO '1‚. JONES. Equal and exact justice to 'all men, of wfiatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomasyejerson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER 13, 1889. NUMBER 42. T1-2:6 din2tePiea THE harvest of grains and fruits is not more regular .or abtmdant than the yield of huMan af-:fections, sympathies, fellowships; but here also there are differences of seasons and, of soils. We must improve our spiritual husbandry. We must enrich the ground from which good qualities spring. We must expose Our inmost, life to-the quickening sun.Š C. G. Ames. "SENATOR DoLpH, of Oregon," says the Amer-ion Standard," has outlined the Work of Congress this winter thus : Justice must be done the Chinese: immigration laborers who hold return certificates.. The interstate commerce and civil service lama will be amended; educa- tion bill will come up: The pension office Will be investigated, and the tariff will Le revised." THE Herald, of Saint John's, Arizona, is another patriotic,paper that isn't quite ready for national compulsory religion. We are in receipt of a copy quoting our editorial on the teachings of the American Sabbath Union secretary and his visit to Arizona in the interest of Church and State. Arizona's press has already more real Christian qualities than many self-styled religious sheets.ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. Two Servian Regulations. A FEW weeks ago a Servian newspaper cOrre--spondent reported that the sale of the Bible had `been prohibited in Belgrade, and it was expected the ,regulation would apply to all Servia. Since reading the report we have been watching to see what wicked thing this restless government would do next;  as a country that prohibits the-Bible in these days gives sad evidence of national degen-eracy. Whether the law referred to in the fol-'1OWing quotation has been passed since the above interdiotion, does not appear, but it is in every way worthy to, be -immediately associated with it. 'The London Graphic says :Š Rigid ought to go to Servia. The inetropolitan Michael has succeeded in getting a law pasSed by which every ,kind of .business is strictly -',prohibited. on Sundays and on all holy days ,of the ''orthodox church. Thus trade is stopped on 180 days inthe year, and a tradesman recently caught-infring-ing 'the law, by selling 0, pennyworth of rice.  on a 414M-oh, holiday Was, fined - This means 180 days of enforced idleness for men who have no religious regard for the festivals of the orthodox church, as, of course, if such a regard existed they would not need to be thus compelled to be religious. It is said that the -devil always finds some work for idle hands to do, and under these circumstances it is not diffi-cult to understand the state of intrigue and un-rest which has brought Servia into such promi-nence of late. The law is, at least consistent in placing all -of the church festivals, Sunday in-cluded;  on the same basis, where they properly belong.ŠPresent Truth, London, England. The New Paganism. Ix his Boston Monday lectures last winter upon religion in the public schools, Joseph Cook discussed the, question, "Shall the common schools teach common morals?" This is a singular question for a man who demands that a religiously-grounded morality shall be taught in the schools, and that the religion upon which it shall be grounded shall be Christianity. It is also a singular question to come from a man who pretends to known anything about the morality demanded by Christianity. Even 'though it should be conceded, which it is not, that the com-mon schools should teach common morality, that would be as far removed from the teachings of morality which Christianity demands, as earth is from heaven. Common morality is nothing but immorality. Common morality is simply that sort of morality that is common, the sort of morality that is practiced by most of _the people; and to teach that in the common schools would be only to teach the pupils to do those things which are practiced by most of the people. In other words, it would simply' be teaching the pupils in the common schools to 'do as most of the people do. But pupils can learn to do that without any special instruction. Again: Such teaching as that erects the com-mon practice into a standard of morality which all must be taught and to which all must be made to conform. In other words, that which most of the people do it is right to do, and that is the correct standard of morality. This, in turn, involves the doctrine that what the majority does, or says shall be done, is Łthe standard of right, and is to be conformed to as such. In a popular government the majority is the State. What the majority says is what the State says. Therefore, as, according to this theory, what the majority says is right, it follows that the majority being the State, what the State says is right. And this brings us at once face to face with the pagan Roman idea of ethics, that the idea of the State is the highest idea of right, and that the voice of the people is the voice of God. It is demonstrated, therefore,  that the ethics of the 'Boston Monday lecture-ship of 1889 are pagan. But the idea of the. State is not the highest idea of right. The voice of the people is not the voice of God, and most especially it is not upon the subject of religion or morals. -What the-State says or does may be right, but it is not right because the State says it, for it may be wrong. There is a higher idea of right than the idea of the State, or than any which the State can incul7  cate. That is the idea of right which God ex-presses and' the standard which he has estab-lished, and is as much- higher than the idea of the State as God's ideas are higher than those of the Boston Monday paganism, or as God is higher than the inventor of it. And, according to this idea of ethics of morality and right, the voice of God only is the, voice of God. This voice of GO, and this standard of right, is ex-pressed in the Bible and is exemplified in the life of Jesus Christ. It is implanted in the human soul, and woven into the character of men, 'by the power of the Spirit of God in answer to a per and abiding faith in Jesus Christ. But such a character as that is not. Common any more than Jesus Christ is common. Further: Any such view of morals as this taught by the Boston Monday lecturer, reduces it wholly to the plane of the natural. Common morals is only natural morals, and natural morals is nothing but immorality. Jesus Christ gave a description of the moral condition of humanity in its natural state. In other words, it showed what is the nature of this common or natural' morals. He said : " Out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit; lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, fool-ishness." Mark 7 : 21, 22. Then Paul described the same thing, only in other words, saying: "It is written, There is none righteous, no, not one; there is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one. Their throat is an open sepulcher; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips; whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness; their feet are swift to shed blood ; de-struCtien and misery are in their ways; and. the way of peace have they not known; there is no fear of God before their eyes." Rom. 3: 10-18. That is natural morals. _That is common morals, and such it will ever :remain in spite of all the States on earth, until the heart is converted by the power of God, and the evil fountain puri-fied from which the evil flows; and by no power which the State can ever exert, nor any instru-mentality which it can ever use, can it be effected., It can be done alone by the power of God through , 