128 A Allb.11ELIC_AJW  NET-to VOL. 8. No. 16. NEW YORK, APRIL 20, 1893. i ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may ]mow that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. ISAAC BAKER, of Kent Island, Md., a Seventh-day Adventist, was arrested and fined five dollars, on April 12, for plowing on Sunday. A CORRESPONDENT writes from Belfast, Ireland, " To-day I attended a meeting of the Lord's Day Observance Society. There were about thirty ministers present, and they were very enthusiastic in their proceedings. They had tried moral suasion and it had failed, now they would try the law." These associations for the enforcement of Sunday observance are possessed of the same spirit the world over. When concerted action is had the world will see such a general outburst of frenzied bigotry as has never previously been known in history. Ł A VERY significant paragraph from for-eign news is this :Š Rome, April 4ŠPope Leo has just completed an examination of the question of the study of the Scriptures, having devoted inquiry especially to the diverse opinions of savants on great biblical ques-tions. He will indite a letter to the bishops request-ing them to enjoin upon their people a more pro-found study of the Scriptures. The Pope urges the necessity of , keeping in the track of modern prog-ress and discovery in order to adapt Catholicism to the needs of the day. Is it as true as it has always been sup-posed that "Rome never changes" ? If it is, what is the meaning of this new departure ? THE Duluth Evening Herald, of April 6, contains several accounts of arrests of merchants in Duluth, Wis., for listening to the pleadings of a " Sunday sleuth," in other words an American Sabbath Union detective, who had an insatiable desire to buy blue neck-ties on Sunday. It might be a question for the moralists worthy of discussion as to who committed the greater sin, or the most heinous crimeŠthe man who bought many neck-ties on Sunday or the man who sold one. Does the end justify the means ? Has the Sabbath Union so far returned to Roman Catholicism as to accept that doc-trine ? Should not the judge in these cases fine both parties equally,Šboth the buyer and the seller ? 4 - AT the Methodist Conference at Dan-bury, Conn., April 10, the conference expressed the sentiment that an appeal should be sent to every religious organi-zation in America to help carry out the movement for Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and advising that the Fair bŁ3 boycotted if it opened on Sunday. The Methodist Conference, of the same date, at Holyoke, Mass., failed to show as in-tense a fervor on this subject. The Corn- mittee on Sunday Observance reported resolutions of congratulation upon Sun-day closing of the World's. Fair, and also offered a resolution that railroads should be requested to reduce Sunday traffic as much as possible. This was objected to on the ground that Methodists themselves set the example of Sunday traveling, and writing articles for Sunday newspapers. There was also some division of opinion as to the wickedness of Sunday trains. The resolution, however, was adopted. A suggestive item in the business of the conference was the mildness of the report of the committee on Romanism which in former years has been in the habit of stirring up a breeze. It seems either that discretion is felt to be the better part of valor or that the ties of kindred are be-ginning to be recognized. THE Signs of the Times, of April 10, has this paragraph :Š The Reformed Church at Royersford, Pa.,Šthe great reform State, by the way,Š finds it necessary to adopt the following resolutions as part of the by-laws of the Church:Š Resolved, That no member of this congregation is permitted to engage in the manufacture or sale of intoxicating liquor as a beverage. Resolved, That no member is permitted to aid, directly or indirectly, to obtain licenses to sell in-toxicating liquors as a beverage.  Resolved, That no member is permitted to aid, directly or indirectly, in making laws to aid the liquor traffic as a beverage. A "reformed church" that needs such by-laws to keep its members from doing such things is a fitting factor in a great Sunday-law State. "If any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his," and all the church resolutions and State en-actments within the power of man can not make him so. This is the state of mind and heart which may be expected to be found among those who look to man rather than to God for the precepts by which to regu-late their lives. EASTER Sunday, in Chicago, was a bright and beautiful day; the warmth and spring sunshine conspired with the churchly festivity of the day to make it an enjoyable holiday. It was so utilized by many thousands in Chicago, no less than elsewhere. The Chicago Times says :Š Every line of transportation from all parts of the the city to and from the World's Fair site was crowded with persons who paid their money and en-tered Jackson Park, and no outrage was thereby done to any one. No police supervision was neces-sary. Everybody who went for this outing of a Sunday afternoon went with a purpose of education and recreation. Jackson Park was crowded, yet the grounds are unfinished, the exhibits are not yet placed, the Fair is far from completion. No pro-test is made because of this use of Sunday at this time. No harm is done to any one because Sunday is thus employed. If one did not care to go to Jackson Park he was under no compulsion to pre-sent himself. If his fancy directed his steps thither there was no one to say him nay. But the first Sunday in May is to see the inception of a new dispensation, ac-cording to present expectation. Why should the gates be closed then any more than now ? Is there any reason to sup-pose that rioting, drunkenness, disorder, and crime, will run rampant on Sunday  immediately after the opening of the Fair, any more than immediately before ? Cer-tainly not. The only purpose of this congressional Sunday-closing is to estab-lish the religious domination of the civil polity, and the union of Church and State. STATE SENATOR SALOMON, of Illinois, has presented a bill in the Illinois legisla-ture of which the Chicago Herald speaks as follows Senator Salomon's bill for protecting a weekly day of rest is as unnecessary as it is fantastic. It proposes that all people shall have a weekly day of rest, which, unfortunately, is impossible for all the people; and it insists that, whether the weekly day of rest be Sunday or some other day, it shall be duly protected from disturbance or intrusion, a provision full of contradictions and not susceptible of enforcement except by rational public opinion acting voluntarily. The bill requires that if any society attempt to interfere with this day of rest, secular, Sabbatarian or Sunday, the governor shall denounce such society by proclamationŠa proceed-ing wholly uncalled for, as such societies are suffi-ciently posted as un-American by their own char-acter. Every attempt to legislate upon this question only shows more clearly and proves more fully, what every citizen ought to be able to see at the first glance, that this is a question upon which no affirmative legislation can be consistently had. All that can rightfully be done is to preserve peace and order on Sunday precisely as on all other days. IN the April Arena the cause of the Chinaman is upheld in an interesting sketch by Allan Forman on " Celestial Gotham," and the negro finds a strong champion in the editor, who discusses the re-cent Paris tragedy in a paper in which Mr. Flower seeks to be just to both white and black, while he points out the injustice and the evil consequence bound to follow lawlessness. Hamlin Garland has a bril-liant paper on " The Future of Fiction in America." Dr. Alfred Russell Wallace, W. D. McCracken, Eva McDonald Valesh, Chester A. Reed and Victor Yarros dis-cuss social and economic problems. Psy-chical Research is represented by B. F. Underwood, who writes on " Automatic Writing ;" and Metaphysical Thought finds an able exponent in Katharine Coolidge. There are many other papers of interest in this issue. Ł44.   Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods THE unequalled health foods manufactured by the Sanitarium Health Food Company are neither made nor sold by others than their authorized agents. The Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal., is authorized to manufcture our Granola and most of our other health foods for the Pacific Coast. The Union College is authorized to manu-facture Granola in Lincoln, Neb., and to supply members of the Seventh-day Adventist Conference living in that State. Our Granola and other spe-cial health foods are not manufactured by any other parties. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per 'ear, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " " " ' - - - 80c. " , 44 00 to 9  fl 100 to 249 " " - - 75e " " 5250 to 94999 - -:: :: :: : : " - - - 70e - - 65c.  " 1000 or more " - - -lineles:. " " " To foreign countries hi Postal Union, 5 shil  Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 