58 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vast majority of the people of the United States care very little or nothing at'all for Sunday observance. And this is true in.  the face of the fact that in all the States except three or four there are strict Sun-.. day laws. Now what is the use of making more Sunday laws when there is such a universal disregard of those already made ? And especially what is the use of making more Sunday laws when even the church members who profess to believe Sunday observance to be right, so gener-ally disregard both their own profession and the Sunday laws which are already made ? How is it possible that there can be any self-preservation on the part of the State in the enactment of additional Sunday laws whether State or national ? In the existing condition of things every additional Sunday law will not only be disregarded, but the general disregard of such laws, silently but surely, permeates all society with the spirit of disregard of all laws, even those which are sound and wholesome in themselves. There is such a thing as not only the light, but the necessity of self-preser-vation on the part of the State; but it is self-preservation against insurrection, or armed invasion. And it is literally im-possible for the State to exercise this pre-rogative against the moral delinquencies which inhere in the individuals who com-pose the State. More than this, it is im-possible for the State to exercise this prerogative against even the civil delin-quencies of those who compose the State if those delinquencies control a majority of the people. In such cases it is simply the endeavor of each man to compel him-self by a law to do what he will not do. All this is but the statement in other words of the familiar observation that laws, to be of any force, or any value whatever, must be sustained by public character. If public character does not sustain the law, then that law is nothing more than a legal farce, and the more laws that are made under such circum-stances, the worse it is for the State. There is a true doctrine of the right of the self-preservation of the State, but this doctrine set forth by Mr. Crafts in his plea for Sunday laws, and by others upon other subjects, is just as false as false can be. THE SENTINEL has constantly charged that this Sunday-law movement- is a relig-ious movement, and one of the reasons we have given, for so charging, is that the prime movers, the orgallizers, and the real workers in it everyw'lere are invariably strict religionists, led by preachers. This same charge, and the same reasons given for the charge, has been made against the movement by some of the workingmen. Mr. Crafts attempts to answer in. the fol-lowing manner:Š What, then, is the object of ministers in estab lishing hospitals for incurables and foundlings and inagdalens ? In this as in the justification of Sunday laws always, he misses the point entirely. The object of ministers and religious peo-ple in establishing such institutions as these is entirely benevolent, and we wish them God-speed everywhere. But if these same ministers and religious people who have established these institutions should now start a movement to get either the State governments, or the national Gov-ernment, to.-support them from the public treasury, or enforce their rules as public laws, then we should charge, and the charge would be just, that that was a re-ligious movement to get the State enlisted in the interests of religionists and their institutions. Let the religious people and the preacn-ers establish the observance of Sunday or whatever other church days they please, and just as strictly as they please. Let them do so of themselves and keep it con-fined to themselves, without any call upon the State governments, or the national Government to support or enforce it, and THE SENTINEL will never have a word to. say against them or their movements. If they had done so, there would never have been THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. But as it is, we do charge, and the charge is just, and fully sustained by proofs, that the Sunday-law movement carried on as it is, by religious people, led by preachers, is wholly a religious movement to secure the control of the civil power, to enforce Upon all the observance of their own peculiar religious institutions. Again, Mr. Crafts puts himself in a box, by the following words :Š God gave unf alien man both labor and rest. To loaf on other days is as much a violation of God's law as it is to labor on the Sabbath. The man who does not habitually obey the commandment, " Six days shalt thou labor," be he lord or tramp, breaks the fourth commandment as surely as the man who does not rest, and let rest, on the rest day. Now in his book, " The Sabbath for Man," he says of those people who observe the seventh day and work on Sunday, that, The tendency of Legislatures and executive offi-cers toward those who claim to keep a Saturday-Sabbath is to over-leniency rather than to over-strictness. . . . Infinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday . . . suffer the loss of one day's wages.ŠPage 262. By this it is evident that were his will in Sunday-law matters performed, he would compel those people "to loaf" every Sunday, and thereby prohibit their obeying the commandment, "Six days shalt thou labor." Therefore by his own words it is demonstrated that he proposes by his sys-tem of Sunday laws to compel people to break what he himself knows and declares to be the fourth commandment of God; and that lie would do it if he had the power. Yes, " self-preservation " and en-forced loafing go well together. There is another point in this too. Sup- pose a man does voluntarily break the fourth commandment, what has the State to do with that, if it be true that the State has nothing -to do with religious questions and observanceg ? The, fourth command-ment is wholly religious. Ł The institution. guarded by that comrnamlnaent is religious . only, Then as certainly as any State attempts to take cogniZance of.  the actions of any man with reference to that com-mandment, so certainly does that State assume to deal with religious questions. This is also shown again by Mr. Crafts's own words in the article now under con-sideration. He proposes Sunday and its en-. forced observance as the day enjoined by the commandment. It is true, that it is not by any means the day there mentioned, but that is neither here nor there so far as this particular argument is concerned. He argues that it is so, and we here simply answer his argument as it is given. He then counts the fifty-two Sundays as fifty-two " sacred vessels," and in his Sunday-school-boy-Jack - the-Giant - Killer fashion draws a parallel ,between the act of Bel-shazzar polluting the sacred vessels of the house of God, and the action of our Gov-ernment in desecrating these " fifty-two sacred vessels we call ' Sabbaths,'" and then he says, Let these cups be rather the weekly sacrament by which we keep in memory the God of our fathers. and renew the Nation's loyalty to God, our King. And that is how he would have the civil Sabbath observed, and its civil observance enforced by the Government. A. T. J. Moral and Civil Rights. ANY attempt to legislate on the subject of morals, is an attempt to confound moral rights with civil rights. But there is as much difference between moral rights and civil rights as there is. between God and man, or between God's government and man's government. When we say that a man has the right to do this or that, we should be particular to state. whether it is the moral right or the civil right to which we refer. A neglect to do this shows a want of knowledge on our part, or a will-ful determination to treat things alike which are entirely different. The law of God is a statement of moral duties from which moral rights are de-rived. " For where no law is, there is no transgression." As all moral duty is summed up in two principlesŠsupreme love to God, and love for man equal to that which we have for ourselves, it is evident that every one has the moral right to do anything not inconsistent with these principles. And as God is the author of moral law, and has given to man all the moral rights which he has, it is doubly certain that no human authority can ever regulate, define, or restrict those rights. And as the law of God takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart, it is also evident that no human authority 