THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 317 AMERICA'S FIRST EXPERIENCE. The United S6.tes' first experience with Turkey came during President Cleveland's administration, after the Armenian massacres of 1893-94. The United States ,and Great Britain both presented demands for indemnity' and the pressure of the two governments became acute. The Sultan adopted the ruse of calling upon a conference of the powers to adjust the claims, knowing that the policy of the United States precluded the participation of this government. The result justified the Sultan's statecraft. The powers joined in appointing a commission of inquiry, to which President Cleveland, following traditional American policy, held aloof. President Cleveland, however, did direct American Consul General Jewell to accompany the commission and make a report to the United States government from the evidence gathered by the delegates of the powers. The Sultan refused Consul General Jewell permission to make such a re-port. Great Britain was compelled to act jointly with the powers. As a result British claims for indemnity have been involved with a mass of general claims and the demands of the United States were lost sight of. RUSSIA AGAINST ENGLAND. In 1895 the powers again joined in a concerted effort to compel the Sultan to consent to reforms in the administration of Armenia. Great Britain favored a naval demonstration and sent a fleet to the entrance of the Dardanelles. The Sultan promptly appealed to Russia, asserting that England contemplated the seiz-ure of territory in Asia Minor. Russia and France, both interested in Asia Minor, naturally refused to in-dorse a policy of force and the European concert was again broken. In 1896 Great Britain threatened the Sultan with the occupation of Constantinople until the reforms in Armenia were put in operation. The Sultan replied to the threat by asking the Czar to appoint officers to inspect and strengthen the fortifications of the Darda-nelles and giving the Russian fleet permission to pass through the Bosphorus. Great Britain was again balked. Just at present Turkey is unquestionably under Russian influence, and it is believed that if the United States pushes its demands to the extent of making a show of force the Sultan will promptly appeal to the Czar. A committee of one hundred has been organized in New York to aid in the relief of famine-stricken India. Bishop Potter said at the meeting for organiza-tion, that it was a curious fact that the famine was due to England's good government, which by putting a stop to tribal wars with their vast loss of life has caused a multiplication of the people beyond the power of  the crops to supply them in case of drouth. Of course the bishop intended no reflection upon the British gov-ernment in making this statement. The only possible blame that can attach to the government for the famine is in the fact that while millions are starving in India the government is pouring out treasure like water in killing thousands in Africa. But for the African war England might be doing much more than she is for the, relief of famine sufferers. "The Review" of Buffalo, N. Y., notes that a so-ciety exists in France for the promotion of Sunday ob-servance, and a strong effort has been made by it to secure the closing of the Paris Exposition on Sunday. It is said that in making this effort "the society did not rely upon the assistance of the French people, but rather upon the influence of Englishmen and Ameri-cans." That is, in its efforts to secure the closing of the Exposition on Sunday the society appealed not to the people who manage the Exposition and who pat-ronize it, but to outside influence. It was their pur-pose to compel the closing of the Exposition, not that anybody would have been better off for closing it in such a way, but it would look better and be more re-spectable. "The Review" very sensibly remarks that, looking at the question from a purely business standpoint, and taking into consideration the peculiar views of the Parisians, it does not seem to be a very logical and de-sirable thing to close the Exposition on Sunday. "Even should the directors conclude to observe Sun-day, that fact would have absolutely no effect upon the Parisians. They would continue to regard the first day of the week as a holiday." And that is just all the effect compulsory observance has upon anybody anywhereŠsimply no real effect at all. If Sunday were indeed the Sabbath by divine appointment, the only possible good that could come to anybody from observing it would have to come through voluntary and not forced observance. National allegiance to God can be secured only through individual allegiance to God, and individual allegiance to God can count only for the individual ex-ercising it. Religious liberty means not only the right to hold, and to observe one's own religion, free from all re-straint and compulsion ; but likewise, freedom from all compulsion touching the religious views, institutions, and usages of others. Freedom itself, when forced upon an individual be-comes despotism. 