84 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. to our most holy father the Pope, and to the apostolic see. I efface all the marks of disabil-ity, and all the notes of infamy which thou mayest have incurred on this occasion. I re-mit the pains which thou shouldst have to endure in purgatory. I render thee anew a partaker in the sacraments of the church. I again incorporate thee into the communion of saints, and re-establish thee in the inno-cence and purity in which thou wert at the hour of thy baptism; so that, at the moment of thy death, the gate of entrance to the place of pains and torments will be shut to thee ; and, on the contrary, the gate which leads to the heavenly paradise, will be opened to thee. If thou art not to die soon, this grace will remain unimpaired till thy last hour arrive. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen. " Friar John Tetzel, commissary, has signed it with his own hand."ŠD'Aubigne, History of Reformation, book 8, chap. 1. A. T. J. Jonathan Edwards's Speech. Urns speech was delivered at the National Convention of the National Reform Associa-tion, held in New York City, February 26, 27, 1873. It is part of the published proceedings of that convention, and, together with the other speeches, is circulated to this very day, as representative National Reform literature. Although extracts have previously been made from it in the SENTINEL, we publish a large portion of it at the present time, in order that our readers may feel fully assured that there is necessity for just such work as the SENTINEL is doing; and that in opposing what is mis-called National Reform, we are opposing nothing but a scheme of wicked selfishness. The few comments that we make will be found in brackets. E. J. w.] We want State and ReligionŠand we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of State require Religion, it shall be revealed Religion, the Religion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath. and Christian morality shall have in this land " an unde-niable legal basis." We use the word Re-ligion in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. . . . [What is Christian morality? It is simple Christianity. As Mr. Edwards says, it is " a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God." And this takes in not simply out-ward acts, but the thoughts and intents of the heart. This is what Mr. Edwards and the National Reform Association want to see placed on " an undeniable legal basis." That is, the Christian religion and Christian mo-rality shall be enforced by law. Ł A man's per-sonal relation to God, in matters of faith and obedience, is to be interfered with by the law of the land. In reality, the National Reform Association proposes that no man shall have any direct, personal relation with God, but that he shall approach God only through the medium of the State, controlled by " the Church." In other words, the State Church is to be to the individual in the place of God. And what will that be but another Papacy, or an exact copy of the present one? Nothing else in the world. But it will be asked, "How will it be pos-eible for the State to deal with Christian mo- rality, since it has to do with the thoughts of the heart, and the faith which one holds? How can the laws take cognizance of a man's thoughts and personal belief? " In the very same way that the Papacy did, in whose steps ,the National Reform Association is following, and after which it is modeled. By means of the inquisition the church forced the mass of people to believe just what it wanted them to believe. Whenever a man was suspected of heresy, he was dragged into the secret chamber, and was stretched upon the rack. In most cases that succeeded in making him an obe-dient child of the church. Yes, the church will have ample power to deal with heretics when it has its dogmas fixed on an " unde- niable legal basis." The rack, the thumb-screw, and the stake are wonderful promoters of " orthodoxy." To say that the National Reform theocracy when formed would not follow the Papacy in this respect just as much as in the formation of a man-made theocracy, is to say that men are now made of different material from what they were three hundred years ago. Religious persecution will be the necessary result of the success of the National Reform Association.] Now, we are warned that to engraft this doctrine upon the Constitution will be found oppressive; that it will infringe the rights of conscience; and we are told that there are atheists, deists, Jews, and Seventh-day Bap-tists who would be sufferers under it. I ac-cept it as a compliment that we are called upon to consider objections of this sort, if there be any ground for them. We are the conscience party, the free conscience party. We are the very people to be held responsible if we trespass upon the conscience of others. And it will be found that we do not intend to do this, and that we do not do it in fact. . . The atheist is a man who denies the being of a God and a future life. To him mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and the end-all of consciousness and of char-acter. The deist admits God, but denies that he has any such personal, control over human affairs as we call providence, or that he ever manifests himself 'and. his will in a revelation. The Jew admits God, providence, and reve-lation, but rejects the entire scheme of gospel redemption by Jesus Christ as sheer imagi-nation, or, worse, sheer imposture. The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other members of this class by the accident of differing.with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. These all are, for the occasion, and so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we cannot help. The first named is the leader in the discontent and in the out-cryŠthe atheist, to whom nothing is higher or more sacred than man, and nothing sur-vives the tomb. It is his class. Its labors are almost wholly in his interest; its suc-cess would be almost wholly his triumph. The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him; they must be treated as, for this question, one party. Now look at itŠlook at this controversy. The question is not between opinions that differ, but opinions that are opposite, that are cbntradictory, that mutually exclude each  other. It is between Christianity and infi-delity. It is between theism and atheism, between the acknowledgment of a God and the denial that there is any God. We cannot too seriously ponder this, since the rights of conscience are held to be involved. The atheist does not believe in the soul; he de-nies that there is any such thing as conscience; yet he comes to those who confess both to insist upon his rights of conscience! I have a few plain, earnest words about all this. I do not believe that every man is an atheist who says he is one. I distinguish between minds that doubt or deny the existence of God, and those who doubt or deny the suf-ficiency of the logic usually employed to prove it. And I love to think genuine athe-ism impossible to the human soul. But now bring forward your atheist, your man who confesses to neither God, angel, nor Spirit, your man who believes in all unbelief, and in nothing else, and I know at once what his position is. is religion is irreligion; his morals are only natural moralsŠthe morals of the body, the animal in man, which, in his view, is all there is of man. His speculations do not .rove or float among the dreams of philosophy, but they run into the concrete forms of politicsŠinto the platforms of par-ties and the enactments of Legislatures. Athe-ism is always political. What are the rights of the atheist? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he 'does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. He not only rejedbs and opposes my faith, but he aims to overturn every institution, and to dissolve every re-lationship growing out of my faith. He would destroy the very foundations, pull down everything, and build up nothing. But he shall be tolerated. He may live and go free, hold his lands and enjoy his home, he may 'even vote, but for any higher, more advanced citizenship, he is, as I hold, utterly disqualified. And we are aiming, not to in-crease, but to render definite his disqualifi-cation; to give to our Government and all our free institutions a guarantee that he shall never have control over them. [In the above declarations, we have relig-ious persecution defended as plainly as words can do so. Notice: The man who believes in God, the Bible, and the gospel of Jesus Christ, but who differs with the mass of professed Christians solely upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as the Sabbath, is declared to be an atheist. The man who observes the seventh day of the week, instead of the first, is declared by this representative of the National Reform Associ-ation, to be an atheist, although he implicitly believes in God and the Bible, and trusts in Jesus Christ as his Saviour. lie conscien-tiously observes the seventh day as a religious duty, and does it as an act of worship to the God who created "the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that in them is," yet he is to be treated as an atheist. And what sort of treatment is the atheist to receive ? He is to be treated as a conspirator or a lunatic. That is, he is to be kept underground, and shut up. If he has the courage of his convictions, and attempts to teach others what he believes to be a matter of solemn obligation to God, he is " raving," and must be shut up as a dan-gerous man. One would suppose that Iglu,- 