AMERICAN SENTINEL. 5."43 In Germany, Austria and England, much of the legis-lation governing Sunday work is of recent origin, as late as the year 1895. It will be observed that the prohibition of Sunday work is more rigid in Austria and Germany than in Eng-land; yet in the latter country the Continental Sunday, is not nearly as conspicuous a feature of the week as in the former. Except in the matter of open public houses, Sun-day is observed quite as well in England as in the United States. The "Continental Sunday" is not therefore a product of lax Sunday legislation. It is rather the result of the general indifference of the people toward religion; and nothing can more surely foster this indifierence than the idea that the Sabbath is an institution that can be properly subjected to State regulation. Liberty. * BY MISS LETTIE E. REED. THE history of nations has been one ceaseless struggle for liberty. What was it made the pilgrims leave homeand native land and seek the dangers and perils of a new land? It was that they might gain liberty. Yes; rather than have their freedom taken away from them, they set forth on a stormy sea, landed on an unknown shore, endured starv-ation, and faced the cruel savage. Oh, hoW dear to the heart is liberty ! But as time passed on they were again under the tyrant's sway, they were again forced to assert their free-dom; and by spilling their life's blood in defense of it they shook off the tyrant's yoke. They asserted their inde-pendence in.  these immortal words, which although so often,  quoted and but recently listened to at our Fourth of July gatherings, I cannot refrain from repeating : "We hold these truths to be self-evident : that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness; that to se-cure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the gov- erned." , Not only is this wonderful document famous for its assertion of a nation's independence and freedom, but it asserts the liberty of the individual. Personal liberty, -the enjoyment of the inalienable right of the individual, is the thing of value, and it is the assertion of this, that gives value to the immortal Declaration. Let me ask, What is Liberty? Some will say, "Why, the right to do as I please, of course." It is evident, however, that to this there must be some limitations. I might please to do what would justly displease many others. For "all men are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." I might From an oration delivered at the Commencement exercises of the Southern Iowa Normal School. please to do something that would infringe upon the lib-erty of 4some other person. Yes, I might even wish to' take away their liberty to satisfy my own selfish desires. So my liberty would in this sense mean their slavery. It is evident, then, that 'liberty, in its truest sense, must be a blessing which is possible to every one at the' same time and not to a few only and that at the expense of many. Not only is this true with regard to individuals, but also with organized bodies, such as churches. There must, therefore, be some boundary line recognized between man and man, else liberty, is impossible. Hence, I point you to God's law, which defines this boundary line, and which if obeyed will result in perfect liberty to all. Too often when a church becomes powerful, it wishes to rule all others, and force them to see and believe as it does. And it is a sad truth that some have gone farther than to wish others to bow to their creeds. They have sought to change that instrument which was instituted among men to guard their liberty; they have sought this that they might take away man's liberty. Now if they are in the right why do they not seek God to bring others to the same view ? Why, the very act of seeking man's power in itself condemns their belief. So it was I think that God's invisible hand was in thd forming of the Constitution of the United States and the Declaration of Independence, because they teach perfect liberty to all men alike. No people can be more fully bound to acknowledge the unseen Hand above which overrules in the affairs of men, than the people of the United States. Every step by which they have advanced to the character of a free and indenendent nation, seems to be distinguished by' some token of Providential agency. But it is a sad truth that this nation has begun to retrograde. The outlook for the future is terri-ble. Oppression and injustice abound everywhere. How was it that other great nations had their end? For answer let me disquiet and bring up the Shades of empires buried long ago, and learn a lesson from their fate. Come, old Assyria, what laid thee low? "I fell by my own misdeeds and injustice." Oh, queenly Persia, flame of the nations, wherefore art thou fallen? "Because I trod people under me; I fell by my own misdeeds." And thou, muselike Grecian queen, fairest of all thy classic sisterhood, why liest thou here? "I scorned the law of God, banished and poisoned the wisest and justest men. The beauty of justice and liberty I trod down to the earth; lo, therefore, am I fallen." And thou, majes-tic Rome, with thy sevenfold crown all shattered at thy feet, why art thou fallen? "I made iniquity my law, I trod nations under me, millions of hondmen who wet the soil with tears and blood, cry up "against me; do you not hear them crying to God? Lo, by this I had my downfall." So it was that all nations and empires came to their ruin by oppressing their fellowmen. And do wehear a cry of listress coming up from any oppressed in this land? 