184 AMERICAN SENTINEL. would come the conviction that I must do something. But what could I. do? How could any one but God do lanything in such a case? I could have nothing to do with such a man as he. So I entered into a controversy that killed prayer. I would lock my door at three o'clock and kneel beside my chair with my face in my hands, but I could not pray. Sometimes I would weep bitter tears at my helplessness; sometimes I would groan in spirit while my heart seemed breaking, until at last I could en-dure it no longer. I must do something, that was very clear, or stop all thought of prayer, and forget my friend and her loathesome burden. I could not forget; I could not take back the promise which I had made, so I cried out, "Lord, show me what to do and I will do it." What is the Mark?ŠNo. 2. BY C. H. KESLAKE. IN the previous article under the above heading it was stated that there is positively only one institution that the papacy claims as her own to which she points as the mark of her authority, and that that institution is Sunday. That being so, it is in itself an unanswerable argument that Sunday is the "mark of the beast;" for it being a fact that the beast referred to (Rev. 13:1-10) symbolizes the papacy, it is utterly impossible that Inspiration, in speaking of this power could have one thing in mind as being the mark, and then that same power claim some-thing else as being its mark. To claim such a thing is to at once impeach the inspired Word. It is therefore cer-tain that whatever the papacy claims as its mark, that is the thing of which the prophet spake as the mark of the beast. That it is the Sunday, as before stated, is suscep-tible of the clearest proof. The following quotations are from standard Catholic catechisms bearing Łthe imprimaturs of cardinal and bishops, thus receiving the fullest sanction of the Catholic Church:Š "Ques.ŠHave you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept? "Ans.ŠHad she not such power, she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her,Šshe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority."ŠDoctrinal Catechism, p. 174. Again: "Ques.ŠHow prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days? "Ans.ŠBy the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants' allow of; and therefore they fondly contradict themselves by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. "Ques.ŠHow prove you that? "Ans.ŠBecause by keeping Sunday they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts and to command them under sin; and by not keeping the rest by her com- manded, they again deny, in fact, the SaniC povver,"-, Douay Catechism, p. 58. The same is also found in "An Abridgement of ChrisŠtian Doctrine"(p. 58). by Rev. Henry Tuberville, D.D. In the "Catholic 'Christian Instructed," in answer to-the question, "Has the church power to make any al-teration in the commandments of God?" Anaong other things, the following reply is given: "Instead of the sev-enth day, and other festivals appointed by the old law,. the church has prescribed the Sunday and holydays tobe set apart for God's worship; and these we arenow obliged' to keep in consequence of God's commandment, insteadŁ of the ancient Sabbath."Šp. 204. From these quotations it will be seen that the Catho-lic Church bases its power to ordain holyda.ys and feast days upon the fact that it had the power to' change the-Sabbath from the seventh day of the week to the first. The sign that the church has power to command mem under sin is -this alleged power to change the Sabbath. Call in question the authority of the church to do this or that, and it will point to the change of the Sabbath as its authority. That being so, it must be evident to every candid, mind that Sunday is the mark of the papacy. And no more fitting mark could, it have. When God, through Jesus Christ, made the heaven and the earth, he rested upon the seventh day, blessed, and sanctified it, and thus-gave it to mankind as the memorial of his wonderful works. Ps. 111:4. It became the sign between God and his people that they might know that he was Jehovah. Ex. 31:13, 7; Eze. 20:20. It is the sign of his power to-create, and thus of his divinity, and therefore of his power to sanctify. Eze. 20:12; 36:23. Placed in the bosom of, and becoming a part of the eternal law of JehovahŠthe ten commandments that "are done in uprightness and truth" (Ps. 111:7, 8) and. which indeed are "the truth" (Ps. 115:142), the seventh day is as immutable and eternal as God himself. That day could not be changed without changing truth, and to change the truth of God is to change it into a lie. Rona. 1:25. For God to do this would be for him to deny himself, but this he cannot do. 2 Tim. 2:13. Conse-quently, God could not change the SabbathŁ from the-seventh day to the first. A simple reading of the fourth commandment will prove this. Let anyone read it, sub-stituting the word "first" for that of the "seventh," and it will be seen how utterly impossible it is for God to do,  such a thingŠit would simply make him testify to a lie. But the papacy claims to have the power to do that which God cannot do. That being so, shethereby declares she has greater power than God, and as this power is, displayed in the change of the Sabbath, it must be, there-fore, that Sunday is the mark of papal power. Now, bearing in mind that Sunday is the only insti-tution that the papacy points to as the mark of her au-thority; and that this same institution is the only thing that is sought to be enforced upon the people of this country, by the Protestants as, the test or mark of true 