840 VoL. 8, Igo. 48. tion of a church-school building on a lot adjoining his church. It will cost to carry out this scheme, he admits, but thinks it will pay. Yes, Judas was paid. How long before Gov-ernment would be called on to assume the expense of running this religious annex to its secular system, on parallel lines ? These are indeed perilous times for religious liberty, and without, religious Łliberty how long will civil liberty survive? Foes within, and foes without; foes in one's own household of faith. Protestant pastors hob-nobbing and counselling with Italian priests to betray religious liberty ! Alack and alas! "Who shall guard the shepherds ?" Let our SENTINEL continue ever faithful. J. L. HATCH. Oakland, Cal., Sept. 14. The Lord's Day. THE beloved disciple had been banished to the isle of Patmos " for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ." Just when this took place is not known with positive certainty, but it was certainly many years after the ascension of Christ. While there he had wonderful visions, and this is how he begins the account of them. " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice." Rev. 1 : 10. From this we know that there was a certain day known at that time as the Lord's day, and that John, as a faithful follower of Christ, observed it. We may also know that if the Lord had a special day for his own there, he must have it still. Let us see if we can find 'out what day it is. The only place where we can surely find it is the Bible. In the fifty-eighth chapter of Isaiah we find the Lord's day mentioned in these words: "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words; then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord ; and I will cause thee to ride on the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heri-tage of Jacob thy father; for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it." Verses 13, 14. Here the day which the Lord himself calls " My holy day," is " the Sabbath." Now what day is the Sabbath ? The Lord himself tells us this, also : " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shall thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20: 8-10. It is plain that the SabbathŠthe seventh dayŠis the same day that in Isaiah is called by the Lord " My holy day." With these two texts alone we have found that the Lord's day is the SabbathŠthe seventh.day of the week. Therefore the day on which John was in the Spirit, and received visions of God, was the seventh day, the Sabbath. Thus, to put the mat-ter into compact form : The seventh day is the Sabbath; it is the Sabbath of the Lord; it is a holy day, and is to be kept holy; the Lord himself calls it "My holy day ;" John was in the Spirit on the Lord's day; therefore John was in the Spirit on the Sabbath day. We have further evidence. At one time Jesus .and his disciples went on the Sab-. bath day through the corn; and his disci-ples being hungry, began to pluck the ears of corn, and to eat. The Pharisees,  who were ever on the watch to find some-thing against Jesus, accused his disciples of breaking the Sabbath. There can be no question as to what day of the week this was, for the. Pharisees observed the sev-enth day of the week strictly, that is, in outward form. So when they said, " Be-hold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the Sabbath day," they had reference only to the seventh day. This is of value, incidentally, as showing what day of the week it is that is called the Sabbath day in the New Testament. But Jesus would not allow that his dis-ciples had done wrong in plucking and eating corn on the Sabbath day. Still later, on that same day, when about to heal a man, he said, " It is lawful to do well on the Sabbath days." To the Phar-isees he said, in defending his disciples from the false charge of Sabbath-break-ing: " If ye had known what this mean-eth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guilt-less. For the Son of man is Lord even of the Sabbath day." Matt. 12:7, 8. Since it was the seventh day, which the Pharisees professed to keep, and which they charged the disciples with breaking, it was the seventh day of which Jesus declared himself to be Lord. For " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." How did Jesus come to be Lord of the seventh-day Sabbath ?ŠBy making it, and setting it apart for man's use. Thus, after the account of the six days of creation, we read :Š Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them, and on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the sev-enth day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2:1-3. The same one who created was the one who rested on the seventh day. But the Lord Jesus Christ is the Creator of all things as we read in' John 1 : 1-3; Col. 1 :12-17, and many other places. Christ is Lord of the seventh-day Sab-bath, therefore, by virtue of his being Creator. He says of his people, " I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Ezek. 20:12. So the Sabbath is a sign that in Christ as Creator we have " wisdom and righteousness and sanctification and re-demption." Consequently, the Sabbath must endure as long as the facts of crea-tion endure; as long as it is a fact that Christ is Creator, and that he has power to redeem. Hear his words on this point :Š " Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets; I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." Matt. 5: 17, 18. " And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass than one tittle of the law to fail." Luke 16:17. And though the present heaven and earth pass, they will be created new, and the promise is : " For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and your name remain. And it shall come to pass that from one new moon to another, and from one Sab-bath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the Lord." Isa. 66:22, 23. E. J. WAGGONER. mThe Influence of Puritan ReligiouS Legislation Upon Subsequent Christianity. [Continuation of a thesis by T. J. Van Horn of the University of Chicago. ] To one who has studied the history of criminal legislation it will appear that Puritan legislation in general was a de-cided improvement upon previous codes in its spirit of humanity. Bancroft says, " A crowd of offenses was at -one sweep brushed from the catalogue of capital crimes." But when we remember that in the name of religion about fifteen crimes were punishable by death, we at least get some idea of the cruelties of legislation preceding this age. We feel like justify-ing the remark of Ellis, that " The only possible attraction which an historical student in these days can find in rehears-ing the policy and rule of puritanism in early Massachusetts, and the only relief of which he can avail himself in facing its repelling feature, is in the attempt to trace the chronological and philosophical relation in puritanism in the development of theories, beliefs, and experiments in human society and government.* We cannot hope to answer the question, what has been the influence of this legis-lation upon subsequent generations with anything like mathematical precision. So many causes have been acting and react-ing : so many streams of influence have converged to color our present religious life : that it would be difficult to say what would be distinctly Puritan. There would be little dissent, however, from the prop-osition, to which I have already alluded, that there are many things of genuine worth in the moral and religious life of America to-day which are an heritage, more or less direct from puritanism. But we are to distinguish between the influ-ence of those sterling qualities of honesty and integrity of purpose exhibited in the lives of these men, and the influence of their legislation which was the expression of what was abnormal in their religious life. It is true that the laws enacted by the people are expressive of the moral character of the people. But the Puritans revealed in the application of their laws to human society, a total misconception of the relation of the Bible to civil gov-ernment, and the true method of its appli-cation in the suppression of evil. The system of legislation prescribed for ancient Israel, although the best which, in the state of development, God could make use of, was not the ideal system. It was the radical mistake of the Puri-tans to attempt to apply this system, which God alone knew how to use, to people in a more enlightened age. It would be pleasant as panegyrists have done, to dwell only upon the bright side of their life and its influence : but ours is the more sombre task of dwelling on the influence of their legislation. Let us con-sider, first, its direct influence :Š What, then, must be the effect upon the general public of seeing a man sitting in the stocks for what the civil authorities regard as a violation of the Lord's day ? What must be the effect upon the mind of one in whom there remains a spark of the spirit of liberty on seeing a man banished from his home and forced to flee in the middle of winter into the wilderness for daring to deny the immortality of the soul: or openly condemn or oppose the baptism of infants : or " purposely depart *Puritan Age in Mass., p. 30, 