84 TIIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday laws, and better observance of it than there was in the same State when it had Sunday laws. And neither the Dis-. trict of Columbia nor CaliforniaŁ need any laws to " give " them that which they al-ready have. To the second because " as good a Sun-day-rest law as can be found in the stat-utes of any State " is simply good for noth-ing, or worse. And neither " the desire of the Commissioners " nor the approval of the President can make that good which is 'in itself bad. We say this out of the full respect which every citizen of the 'United States owes to the chief mag-istrate of the greatest nation the world has ever seen. Seventh. Or is it the enforcement by law of a religious observance of Sunday that you oppose ? ANSWER: Yes, it is that and more. It is the enforcement by law of any kind of observance 'of Sunday as such that ever could be named under the sunŠto the worship of which Sunday observance owes its origin. Eighth. Are you opposed to a purely civil law stopping toil and traffic and turmoil on the first day of the week, that all the people may have OPPORTUNITY for rest and home fellowships, and those who choose, for moral culture ? ANSWER: All the people freely have all that already. And when it is proposed to enact a law to give to people that which they already freely have, that is the first step toward taking away from them the free exercise and enjoyment of that which they already freely have. The.  circular closes with a " memorial " to Congress to be " undersigned by those who indorsed the petition referred to in the first,  paragraph "Š the counter-petition. But as not a solitary soul ever indorsed the 'counter-petition, but all signed it upon its face with their own hands, this memorial is null and voidŠas every Sunday law by right is and al- ways was. A. T. J. Ł -.- Religious Liberty in Virginia, 1776. WHEN the American colonies were just on the verge of war, conventions of the leading statesmen were held in every colony. The minds of all were agitated; and it was with intense interest that the early. Americans Watched for the results of the proceedings of the representatives that thoy had sent to these conventions at the various capitals. Among these colonies, one of the fore-most in agitating absolute civil and, re-ligious liberty, one of the foremost in the production of great statesmen, and one, of the foremost in working, for all that was for the well-being of America, was the Colony of Virginia. R was in her halls that the inimitable eloquence , of Patrick, Henry. found utterance:;. it was in:  her legislative assemblies that Monroe and Madison., gave vent to their ideas on .the formation, of a Government for, the peo- ple; it was in this grand old Colony that Jefferson, who drafted the immortal Dec-aration of Independence, first gave evi-dence of his statesmanship; and it was Virginia. that gave birth to Washington, the father of his country. Among such minds as these liberty of conscience re-ceived an impetus, which for more than a century, its opponents have tried to coun-teract. In the great Convention of Virginia, in May, June, and July, 1776, it was-- Resolved unanimously, That a committee be ap-pointed to prepare a Declaration of Rights, and such a plan of Government as will be most likely to maintain peace and order in this Colony, and secure substantial and equal liberty to the people.* The committee was appointed. It drafted a declaration of rights which, after being amended, was read a third time and passed, without a single dissent-ing voice. The title and first and last paragraphs read as follows :Š A Declaration of Rights, made by the represent-atives of ,the good people of Virginia, assembled in full and free convention; which rights do pertain to them and their posterity, as the basis and foun-dation of Government. 1. That all men are by nature equally free and independent, and have certain inherent rights, of which, when they enter into a state of society, they cannot, by any compact, deprive or divest their posterity; namely, the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the means of acquiring and possessing property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and safety. t 16. That religion, or the duty that we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and, therefore, all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience and that it is the mutual duty of all to practice Christian forbearance, love, arid charity towards each other. t When the words " liberty " and " rights" were used in early times, American states-men understood those words in their true sense; and held individual liberty of con-science and freedom of religious worship as the inalienable right of every man. The paragraph, respecting religion, in the Declaration of Rights as originally re-ported from the committee, read, after the word " violence," `, all men should enjoy the fullest toleration in the exercise of religion; " and, consequently, on ac-count of the term " toleration " objection was made. The Convention of Virginia held the same position (and that is the American position) as that expressed in a report adopted by the United States Senate, January 19 1829, 'from which 'the follow-ing is an extract:Š What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence ; but as rights; of which Government cannot depriveany portion of of citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them.,§ Of Madison, who wag-  a member of this Convention, history says :Š Religious liberty was a -matter that strongly en-listed his feelings. When it was proposed that, * American Archives, Fourth series, Vol. 4, Col. 1524, tibicl Col. 1561, Ibid Col: 1562.. . 13,egister, Jauaary.,24, 184.  under the new Constitution, all men should enjoy the fullest toleration, in the exercise of religion, ac-cording to the dictates of conscience, Madison pointed out that this provision did not go to the root of the matter. The free exercise of religion, ac-cording to the dictated of conscience, is something which every man may demand as a right, not some-thing for which he must ask as a privilege. To grant to the State the power of tolerating is implic-itly to grant to it the power of prohibiting: whereas Madison would deny to it any jurisdiction whatever in the matter of religion. The clause in the Bill of Rights, as, finally adopted, at his sugges-tion, accordingly declares that "all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience." The incident not only illustrates Madison's liberality of spirit, but also his precision and forethought in so drawing up an instrument as to make it mean all that it was in-tended to mean" It was in this form Šin a form that it would declare that absolute religious liberty was an inherent right of which no earthly power could of right deprive a single individual that it passed the memor-able Convention of Virginia, on the 12th day of June, 1776, without a dissenting voice. W. A. BLAKELY Ł  Sunday-Law Meeting in Brooklyn. SUNDAY evening, March 2, there was a meeting held in the Washington Avenue Baptist Church, Brooklyn, N. Y., in the in-terest of the Kings County Sunday Associ-ation. After the opening exercises, which were conducted by the' pastorŠRev. Dr. BraislinŠCol. A. S. Bacon, vice-president of the association, took the chair and pre-sided throughout the meeting. The chief speaker of the occasion was Rev. Dr. T. A. Fernly, corresponding secretary of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association. After a chant by the choir the pastor read the second chapter of Colossians, putting special emphasis on the sixteenth and seventeenth verses, which I was at a loss to understand at the time; subse-quently, however, it was plain enough; for in the course of the meeting it trans-pired that while the Doctor is in favor of Sunday keeping, and of Sunday laws too, for that matter, he is much more liberal in his views than Dr. Fernly ; and this scripture was evidently designed to fortify his people 'against some of the views to be presented by the representa-tive of the Philadelphia Sabbath Associa-tion. But just how this was will appear in its proper place. In stating the object of the meeting the chairman dwelt long and ably, and indeed almost entirely, upon the so-called " civil Sabbath; " and it was evidently his wish, if not his expectation, that in his remarks which were to follow, fir. Fernly would confine himself for the Most pa,rt to the " civil" phase Of the qtmstion. But the gentleman from the city of brotherly love proved to be, too much of a National Re-former to take the course so gently Kw-_ gested for him to follow, .and dwelt almost entirely upon the religious side of the ApPleton's .PyolopEeata, of American Biography, Vol. 4, page 165, 