THE SENTINEL, ,OF 1,E3ŠERTY. To appeal for " indemnity" is, therefore, a course which, complicates the missionary situation, and it is probable the boards in America may forego their technical claims in the case of China. The United States is not likely to take a territorial indemnity, and she may have to administer some form of Chi-nese imperial revenue, if ever, she gets a cash equiv-alent. The whole situation is so complicated that missionary societies and missionaries may pause be-fore reaching any conclusions as to the course they should pursue. But what governments are to do is quite another question. It was, perhaps is," in the air," that Lord Salisbury's speech was a manifesto, indicating that the allied powers might withdraw all government protection from missionaries hereafter. But France is not likely to consent to that. She has always ex-tended her protection over Roman Catholic missions as a matter of state policy. With a million of ad-herents in China, and her " chief priests" advanced to mandarins she is not likely now to retreat from her precedents, and especially when precedents are pretexts for her meddling with politics through missions for five hundred years in the far East. The Russian Empire is inseparable from the Greek Church, and it is not likely she will attempt theim-possible, and tell her bishops and other ecclesiastical functionaries in her missions in Peking that she will not protect them. Great Britain's policy of coloni--zation includes the missionary as advance courier of commerce, and she is not likely to begin a differ-entiation against the Missionary as a " subject," when she spent two millions in Egypt to defend a " subject " who was a Jew. The United States would brook no discrimination between classes of her " citizens." But government patronage and protection is not a missionary question; it is distinctly a government matter. Missionaries would differ among them- selves as widely as any other citizens would, as to how the government's action Would affect missionary or political interests. The, writer asked an expe- rienced missionary of Constantinople what would-be the effect on missionsŁif the government withdrew from them their protection in their civil capacity, 'and 'he replied, " I would not like to see it tried in Turkey." Another missionary from the interior of China replied to the same question, "The only ,effebt on the Chinese mind :would he that they would attribute it to weakness." That the protection of missionaries -as subjects or citizens has its own perplexities is conceded, but it is not a missionary problem, it is a-state question. They would find that Lord Salisbury's appeal to return to primitive practice would not afford them any relief. There are men who would face the an-tagonisrh of their own governments as quickly as they would that of a heathen one to preach- Christ in the regions beyond. \The, Moravian missionaries to the Iroquois were imprisoned in the city of New York because they would not desist. When Dr. Schauffler was told by the Russian minister at Con-stantinople, " My master, the Czar, will not let you put foot on that territory," Schauffler's immortalized reply was, " My Master, the Lord Jesus Christ, will not ask the Czar of all the Russ'ias where he shall put his foot." REPRESENTATION WITHOUT TAXATION." THE present is a time of the heaping together of vast treasures, and a time when the just dues of those who reapŠthe common people whose labor makes wealth of the raw materials of natureŠare kept back by fraud. Many are the ways in which this is done and new ways are, continually being devised. One of these methods of fraud was quite thoroughly ex-posed at a mass-meeting held in Central Music Hall, this city, October 29. 'The meeting was called by the Chicago Teachers'Fecieration, and the following facts were brought to its attention, The State Board of Tax Equalization of this State has for years, contrary to law, and to the_ de-cision of the State and United States Supreme Court, allowed the franchises and capital stock of a great number of large corporations located, in Chicago to go untaxed. According to the arrangement of the board the county of Cook must pay a certain pro-portion of the State tax, so that the escape from taxation of so, much property held by these,  large corporations has greatly increased the burden of Ł taxation on the property of the ordinary_people. This increase has been from twenty to fifty percent. For twenty-three years no railroad in this State has been assessed on its franchises.  In 1875 the fran- chises of the railroads were assessed ,at twenty-two millions of dollars. In 1899, as for many years previous,no value was given to their franchises. Jr': 1.874 two small. -street,car, lines in Chicagb were Špaying taxes on ;franchises valued at over a million 