AMERICAN SENTINEL.. '709 churches will decline, and will decline with the approval of all good men who care more for the spirit of Christ's teaching than for all the forms and rituals of the Chris-tian world.ŠLondon Daily Chronicle. The " Essence " of Christian Citizenship. THE editor of Church and State, formerly the Chris-tian Citizen, says that "to stand with the administration on this ground is, to our conception, the very essence of Christian Citizenship," and then states the "ground',  to which he has reference by quoting this from The Outlook "The responsibility for the protection of person and property in the Philippines having fallen in our hands, we could not rid ourselves of that responsibility by the resolve `to pull out some dark night and escape from the great problem of the Orient as suddenly and as dramatically as we got into it.' It was not the duty of the Good Samaritan to leave his business and to devote his life to hunting for wounded travelers; but when the wounded traveler's cry came to his ears, it brought a duty of humanity with it. The events of the war laid both Cuba and the Philippines in our pathway; to pass by on the other side and leave them to their fate because it is not for our interest to set them on their feet would be only one degree less criminal than to participate in the original robbery. We are to ask ourselves, not what is our interest, but what is our duty, and the answer to that question is plain now, as it was plain six months ago: it is to protect life and property, preserve order, suppress violence, establish justice founded upon law; in short, to secure 'in both Cuba and the Philippines a substantial government.' " Is this the Christian Citizenship conception of the Good SamaritanŠa conception which would make him attack the victim of the robbers, and wound him still further, before doing anything for his relief? What value would there have been in that parable if the Good Samaritan had been pictured in that light, or had been described as making a deal with the robbers for the possession of what the victim happened to have left? Christian Citizenship says, in this quotatation, that it is the duty of American Christians to "protect life and property in the PhilippinesŠhow?ŠBy shooting people and burning up their towns ! It is "to preserve order" and "suppress violence"Šhow?ŠBy using violence upon the people, in the way best calculated to produce dis-order! It is "to establish justice founded upon law"Šhow?ŠBy denying justice, as defined in the Declaration of Independence and founded on the American Constitu-tion! It is to secure there "substantial government" by erecting a military despotism! We have seen it stated that killing people in battle is compatible with Christianity, and people professing Christianity go to battle excusing their action on the ground that Christianity does not absolutely forbid it.  But it has remained for "Christian Citizenship" to justify the slaughter of military combats as being not only a civic but a Christian duty. ForŠto repeatŠit "is the very essence of Christian Citizenship" to "stand with the Administration on this ground." Surely, it is an extraordinary kind of Christian duty to which the worst criminals take more readily than do any other classŠthis "Christian" duty of killing people! If this belongs to the essence of "Christian Citizenship," then plainly "Christian Citizenship" is essentially anti-Christian. "What Does It Signify?" BY C. P. BOLLMAN. THE following from the Nashville American, of No-vember 8, is simply a candid confession from an unbiased source of a most alarming truth:Š "DISGRACEFUL ELECTIONS. "The disgraceful conditions prevailing in Kentucky and Pennsylvania especially yesterday, and in a milder form in, almost every State where an election was held, is sufficient to arouse the public mind to a very grave concern for the fair name and safe government of the country. It is apparent to the most casual observer that such a condition as was presented in Kentucky, where federal marshals, State troops, police, and sworn deputies were on duty around the polls, and partici-pated through their presence in the holding of the elec-tion, cannot be countenanced or allowed to continue if the glory of our free institutions is to endure. "The stability of this Republic rests on an honest election and a fair count. The whole spirit of our Gov-ernment is the will of the people must prevail, and if the will as expressed is not allowed to obtain on account of corruption and dishonesty, or if the people are intimi-dated from expressing their will by troops, policemen, and threats of any organization of citizens banded to-gether for the sole purpose of controlling the election at all hazards, the very spirit and ideal of our Government are shattered and we become nothing but the serfs of the designing, the corrupt, the tyrannical, and the bold. "We published a few days ago a few extracts from the Philadelphia Ledger, concerning the condition of affairs in Pennsylvania and Philadelphia, the sum and substance of which was that decent and respectable citi-zens seldom voted, the two principal reasons being that they did not care to take the risk of being insulted or brought into a difficulty by making the attempt to cast their ballot, and the second being that they were not assured their ballots would be counted even after they were cast, or what is more important, be counted for the person for whom they were cast. The condition of affairs in Kentucky we have piceured from time to time. In Ohio, in Virginia, in New York, the same cry of 'fraud' goes up from both sides. "What does it signify? A lax state of the public morals, a bluntness of the public conscience, and a lack of appreciation by the public of the tremendous danger 