AMERICAN SENTINEL. 683 The Holy Spirit and Sunday:ŠNo. 10. BY C. IL KESLAKE. IN former articles it has been pointed out that the -Holy Spirit was the prime mover in the work of the Ref-ormation of the sixteenth century. This cannot be de-nied without acknowledging that the Catholic Church of that time was really the church of God. But for any Protestant to do this would be to confess that there was absolutely no cause for the existence of Protestantism, and also to prove himself unworthy of the name. But the Reformation then was only a beginning. It began with the recognition of the principle that the "Bible alone" is the only standard of faith and morals. It could end only when every error, as well as every abuse, should be manifested, and its oppositeŠthe truth Štake its place. We have further pointed out that in their confession of faith at the Council of Augsburg the Protestants made the fatal mistake of retaining the Sunday institution, knowing full well, and confessing it too, that it had no authority for its existence save that of the Catholic Church, which church had been denounced as anti-Christ. Tip to the time of the Reformation the doctrine had been, and still is the doctrine of the Catholic Church, that the Bible and tradition were the standard of faith and morals. And when the Council of Trent was convoked to meet the "errors" of Protestants, it was found that this could not be done without the council defining the doctrine of the Bible and tradition, .as taught previously by the Catholic Church to be the truth revealed from God by 'the Holy Spirit. Tradition must be upheld or the Cath-olic Church would fall to piecesŠan event indeed which "would please the 'heretics' very much." But in defining this doctrine to be true, the council had to present evi-dence of the fact so as to confound the "heretics." The only thing by which they could do it was the Sunday in-stitution which, as has already been pointed out, had been previously conceded by the Protestants. Therefore, we repeat, the "pillar and ground" of tradition is the Sunday. And as without tradition, the Catholic Church would have fallen to pieces, and the Sunday being the foundation of tradition, it is perfectly plain that with-out the Sunday the Catholic Church would have col-lapsed. Therefore, in the fullest sense of the word, Sun-day is the mark of the Catholic Church. See Rev. 13: 15-17; Rev. 19:20. Now as the principle of the Reformation was the "Bible only," and the Holy Spirit was the prime mover in that work: and as all this was in protest of the Catho-lic principle of the Bible and tradition; and as the foun-dation of this principle is the Sunday, it follows, as cer-tainly as that two and two make four, that the Refor-mation cannot be completed until Sunday is repudiated by all who would stand upon the Protestant principle.  And as the Holy Spirit and the Protestant principle are inseparably connected, so is it undeniably true that all must be brought to the point where they must either reject the Sunday or reject the Holy Spirit. This is not to say, however, that those who now keep Sunday do not have the Holy Spirit, hilt it is to say that all who possess the Spirit will, by the Spirit, be brought to the knowledge of this question, and then they must decide which they will retain. They cannot retain both. All this is carefully noted in "the Scripture of truth," and as the Scriptures cannot be broken, it will come to pass. And an important question may be asked just here: Is it now being fulfilled? In the light of the foregoing, whenever it shall be fulfilled, the times will be no less interesting than those of the sixteenth century; and really, they will be more so, inasmuch as the very gist of the whole question will come up for settlement then, while back there it was overlooked and not understood. The battle will be fierce, but not long, for the Lord will cut short the work in righteous-ness. Now if these things are noted in the "Scriptures of truth," as mentioned above, it needs no argument to prove that the Holy Spirit will lead the belief er to that por-tion of the Word wherein they are contained. It could not he otherwise, inasmuch as the Protestant principle is the Bible alone. It can be settled only by the divine Word. And furthermore, when the question does come up, it must, in the very nature of things, introduce the ques-tion as to what day is the Sabbath. But one thing must not be lost sight of. This ques-tion cannot come up, excepting in a secondary way, as between the Catholics and the Protestants. The Sunday question is settled for all time, so far as the Catholic Church is concerned. The issue now must be in the first instance between Protestants themselves. But this will be considered more fully hereafter. -4 HAS the lust of empire and the passion of conquest made the people so mad that it cannot see the mischiefs and the misery that the imperial policy is destined to entail? Is it true, above all, that the followers of Him who came to teach men how to beat their swords into ploughshares and their spears into pruning-hooks are eager, instead of striving to abolish the bloody and brutal duello of nations, to reenthrone it? Are "peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion and piety," to prevail among us by cutting one another's throats? For one, I disown so barbarous a conception of our call-ing in the world as at once a libel upon our civilization and a dishonor to our common Lord and Master.ŠBishop Potter. Ł-4 ACCORDING to the Advance, a Congregationalist jour-nal of Chicago, there are 11,000,000 children in the United States who are not in any Sunday-school, exclu-sive of infants. 