52 THE AmEtztoAN SswrImnt. thus doing violence to their conviences. That is, providing they yielded obedience to the law. Surely this would be to prohibit the free exercise of religion. And when the penalty of the law should be inflicted upon those who should rest on the seventh day and labor on the first, it would be punishment in-flicted because of their religious belief, and that is religious persecution. So surely as this bill becomes a law, religious persecution will disgrace this country from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Again, some will say that the same plea could with equal propriety be made in be-half of the Mormons, when they are indicted for practicing polygamy. We say, No. The cases are not parallel to the slightest extent. Polygamy is a sin against society. It inflicts cruel wrongs upon thousands of people. The Judgment-day alone will reveal the murders that have been committed, and the hearts that have been broken, as the direct result of polyg-amy. Many a loving and trusting wife has died of a broken heart, or has been trans-formed into a demon of hate, because another was brought in to occupy the place sacred to her alone. Polygamy interferes with the in-alienable rights of every creature, of life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness. Therefore it should be extirpated as a crime. But the keeping of the seventh day and the secularization of the first is nothing of the kind. The man who works on the first day of the week does not hinder anybody else from resting. Of course it is understood that such work shall not disturb any religious assembly. But a law protecting religious and all other assemblies already exists, so that a Sunday law is not needed on that score. That Sunday work by seventh-day people does riot interfere with Sunday rest by others is shown by the fact that there are over fifty thousand people in this country who religiously and sacredly keep the seventh day of the week, in spite of the fact that over fifty millions of their fellows are laboring on that day. Yet we never heard a complaint by a Sabbatarian, nor a request for a law to secure to him his Sabbath. It is said that the workingmen must have a day of rest secured to them. The working-men can have a day of rest if they want to take it. Those who keep the seventh day are nearly all workingmen, but nobody compels them to labor on Saturday. If the working-men of this country didn't want to work on Sunday, there is no power that could compel them to. If they should individually and col-lectively declare that they want Sunday as a rest day, and are determined not to labor on that day, the problem would settle itself. But they don't care for the rest. The ones who are clamoring for the Sunday law are not the workingmen but the ministers. Read the bill carefully, and you will see that it is worded so as to specially guard the hours of worship. When it becomes absolutely necessary to handle the mails on Sunday it must be " dur-ing such limited portion of the day as shall best suit the public convenience, and least in-terfere with the due observance of the day as one of worship and rest." The bill is in behalf not  simply of an establishment of religion, but of the churches. And if it should become a law, and it should be found, as, it certainly would be, that the churches were not filled in conse-quence, the next thing would be a law to com-pel these indifferent ones to attend church. And this law would be declared to be a law in behalf of the workingmen, and not at all in behalf of religion. Some may think that nobody would have the boldness to ask for such a law; but if they are countenanced in asking for a law requiring that children, many of whom attend Sabbath-school and receive religious instruction at home, should be, in-structed in the principles of the Christian re-ligion at school, they would certainly be war-ranted in asking that the man who toils all the week without opportunity for moral or mental culture, should be required, for his own good, to listen to such instruction for an hour in the week. We might go on much farther with this subject, but lack of space forbids. Compared with its merits, this is a very brief presentation of the case. We may have more to say upon it next month. But we earnestly hope that those who love liberty and pure Christianity will arouse to a sense of the danger, and not let these bills become laws without at least a strong protest. The time to act is now. E. T. W., The Presbyterian Cardinal. HENRY M. FIELD, D. D., is one of the fore-most men of the Presbyterian Church in the United States, and a man of much more than national reputation. He is editor of the New York Evangelist, which appears to be the of-ficial organ of the Presbyterian Church in the East. He is, we believe, the only Prot-estant ecclesiastic who has entered upon a set discussion with the representative of infi-delityŠColonel Ingersoll. He is quite an ex-tensive traveler, and has written books about his travels, which have a wide circulation. Last summer he traveled in Spain, and wrote a book entitled " Old Spain and New Spain," in which he pays flattering tribute to the Catho-lic Church, and its influence in Spain, as be-ing in harmony with the institutions of the country. Of this book the New York Ob-server says:Š " From a Protestant point of view, such an extensive charity towards a system which in all times and lands has been hostile to liberty, and oppressive in the last degree, we can neither understand nor sympathize with. There are doubtless many devout persons who are Romanists, but the Roman Church is cor-rupt and cruel; under its present rulers it seeks not so much the salvation of souls as the political control of States and nations, and its supremacy in any country is the signal for decline in piety, morality, and prosperity. We therefore regret that so interesting and at-tractive a book should be pervaded by a spirit so favorable to the chief enemy of Protestant-ism." Doctor Field, very properly, as will be seen further on, sent a -copy of this book to Cardi-nal Gibbons. Early in FebruarT Doctor Field was in Washington City,. and attended a reception  given in honor of Cardinal Gibbons, to whom he personally paid his respects. At this, somebody in Washington addressed Doctor Field, expressing surprise and pain that any Protestant minister, and much more such a prominent and influential one, should so far forget his profession and compromise his dig-nity. It is true the writer of the letter did not sign his name, in which he showed a trait which was unbecoming if not cowardly. Doc- tor Field printed the letter in the Evangelist, and in reply administered a strong rebuke, not only to the writer of the letter, but also to all who concur in the sentiments expressed in the letter. He calls it "a piece of gross im- pertinence;" says that he prints it "as a spec-imen of the narrowness which exists in the minds of some well-meaning, but very simple (not to say silly) people; " and further says :Š "It is not that we take any personal,offense at this communication, that we notice it; but because it is the manifestation of a spirit which itself needs to be rebukedŠa disposi-tion to stand entirely aloof from Roman Cath-olics, which we believe is most mischievous to the church and to the country." Somebody sent to Cardinal Gibbons a copy of the Evangelist which contained this letter and the reply to it. This, with the present of Mr. Field's book, drew from the Cardinal a very gracious letter, which in its turn so pleased the editor of the Evangelist that he gushed clear over. We insert the matter just as it stands in the Evangelist of March 29, 1888:Š " Private correspondence is commonly of interest only to the parties, and of no concern whatever to the public. But a man in high position is a public character, in whose, per-sonality all may feel a legitimate interest. And if it discloses itself in a letter written with the freedom of private correspondence, it may, with his consent, be seen by the eyes of others. Certainly few men in Church or State hold so high a dignity as our only Car-dinal, the head of the Roman Catholic Church in America. His letter grew out of a slight incidentŠour attendance at a reception given him in Washington, for which some unknown person in that city wrote us a very sharp let-ter, which, instead of throwing into the fire, we published, and answered as we thought it deserved. This correspondence someone sent to the Cardinal, which called forth the follow-ing, that we now have his full consent to give to the public:- 44 4  CARDINAL'S RESIDENCE, 408 N. Charles St., Baltimore, March 6, 1888. "`REV. DEAR SIR: I beg to thank you very cordially for the copy of your work, "Old Spain and New Spain," which you kindly sent me through Mrs. Mullan. From the praise which she bestows on it, I am sure I will read it with interest and pleasure. [In a postscript he adds : 'Since writing the forego-ing, I have read with great satisfaction and edification your beautiful tribute to the good Archbishop of Granada. Had you lived in the days of Ignatius Loyola; I am sure you would have revered and cherished the man on account of his burning love for Christ.'] " I avail myself of this occasion by tender-ing to you my sincere expression of gratitude for your manly and well-merited rebuke to the writer who had the hardihood to expostu-late with you for attending the reception given to me at Mrs. Admiral Dahigren's. I was de-lighted to meet yourself and your honored brothers on that occasion, but you have risen 