488 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ship of him according to his holy will, and that it is the bounden duty of Parliament to promote the observance of the Lord's clay, by protecting every class of society against being required to sacrifice their comfort, health, religious privileges, and conscience, for the convenience, enjoyment, or supposed advantage of any other class on the Lord's day !" The idea of making a man truly moral through the ministry of constables, and sincerely religious under the influence of penalties, is worthy of the mind which could form such a mass of monstrous absurdity as this bill is composed of. The House of Commons threw the measure out cer-tainly, and by so doing retrieved the disgraceŠso far as it could be retrievedŠof placing among the printed pa-pers of Parliament, such an egregious specimen of legis-lative folly; but there was a degree of delicacy and for-bearance about the debate that took place, which I can not help thinking as unnecessary and uncalled for, as it is unusual in Parliamentary discussions. If it had been the first time of Sir Andrew Agnew's attempting to palm such a measure upon the country, we might well under-stand, and duly appreciate, the delicate and compassion-ate feeling due to the supposed weakness and imbecility of the man, which prevented his proposition being ex-posed in its true colors, and induced this Hon. Member to bear testimony to his excellent motives, and that Noble Lord to regret that he could notŠalthough he had tried to do soŠadopt any portion of the bill. But when these attempts have been repeated, again and again; when Sir Andrew Agnew has renewed them ses-sion after session, and when it has become palpably evident to the whole 'House that His impudence of proof in every trial, Kens no polite, and heeds no plain denialŠ it really becomes high time to speak of him and his leg-islation, as they appear to deserve, without that gloss of politeness, which is all very well in an ordinary case, but rather out of place when the liberties and comforts of a whole people are at stake. In the first place, it is by no means the worst charac-teristic of this bill, that it is a bill of blunders: it is, from beginning to end, a piece of deliberate cruelty, and crafty injustice. If the rich composed the whole popula-tion of this country, not a single comfort of one single man would be affected by it. It is directed exclusively, and without the exception of a solitary instance, against the amusements and recreations of the poor. This was the bait held out by the Hon. Baronet to a body of men, who cannot be supposed to have any very strong sym-pathies in common with the poor, because they cannot understand their sufferings or their struggles. This is the bait, which will in time prevail, unless public atten-tion is awakened, and public feeling exerted, to prevent it. Take the very first clause, the provision that no man shall be allowed to work on SundayŠ" That no person, upon the Lord's day, shall do, or hire, or eml ploy any person to do any manner of labor, or any work  of his or her ordinary calling." What class of persons does this affect ? The rich man ? No. Menial servants, both male and female, are specially exempted from the,  operation-  of the bill. "Menial servants" are among the poor people. The bill has no regard for them. The Baronet's dinner must be cooked on Sunday, the Bish- op's horses must be groomed, and the Peer's carriage must be driven. So the menial servants are put utterly beyond the pale of grace;Šunless, indeed, they are to go to heaven through the sanctity of their masters, and possibly they might think even that rather an uncertain passport. There is a penalty for keeping open houses of enter-tainment. Now, suppose the bill had passed, and that half a dozen adventurous licensed victuallers relying upon the excitement of public feeling on the subject, and the consequent difficulty of conviction (this is by no means an improbable supposition), bad determined to keep their houses and gardens open, through the whole Sun-day afternoon, in defiance of the law. Every act of hir-ing or working, every act of buying or selling, or deliver-ing, or causing anything to be bought or sold, is spe-cifically made a separate offenseŠmark the effect. A party, a man and his wife and children, enter a tea-garden, and the informer stations himself in the next box, from whence he can see and hear everything that passes. "Walter ?" says the father. " Yes, sir." " Pint of the best ale." " Yes, sir." Away runs the waiter to the bar, and gets the ale from the landlord. Out comes the informer's notebook Špenalty on the father for hiring, on the waiter for de-livering, and_on the landlord for selling, on the Lord's day. But it does not stop here. The waiter delivers the ale, and darts off, little suspecting the penalties in store for him. " Halo !" cries the father. " Waiter !" " Yes, sir." "Just get this little boy a biscuit, will you? "Yes, sir." Off runs the waiter again, and down goes another case of hiring, another case of delivering, and another case of selling; and so it would go on ad infinitum, the sum and substance of the matter being, that every time a man or woman cried " Waiter!" on Sunday, he or she would be fined not less than forty shillings, nor more than a hundred; and every time a waiter replied, "Yes, sir," he and his master would be fined in the same amount : with an addition of a new sort of window duty on the landlord, to wit, a tai of twenty shillings an hour for every hour beyond the first one, during which he should have his shutters down on the Sabbath. With one exception, there are perhaps no clauses in the whole bill, so strongly illustrative of its partial op-operation, and the intention of its framer, as those which relate to traveling on Sunday. Penalties of ten, 