198 VoL. 10, No. 25. fined, and, upon refusal to pay the penalty, sent to the county jail. To the honor of the presiding judge, be it said, he remitted the fines immediately upon their infliction, but he was without authority to remit the costs, and as the principle at stake was the same, the criminalsŠfor such they are in the eyes of the lawŠare languishinu6  in jail. Notwithstanding the Declaration of Rights of the State of Tennessee expressly provides: "No human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience," these men, admittedly good men and good citizens, guilty of no other crime than worshiping God according to the dictates of their own consciences, are thrust into a felon's dock and sent to a convict's cell. And this is done in the name of a just and loving Saviour and on behalf of the Christian re-ligion. [From the Western Catholic News, Chicago, June 8.1 PERSECUTION for conscience' sake has been the custom in the days of the Henrys, the Cromwells, the Elizabeths, and the Calvins, but that was in a period when, and in coun-tries where, tyrants of the most brutal ten-dencies ruled with an iron rod which was tempered in the fire of hell. We are Ameri-cans and live in an age of civilization and intelligence. In this land of freedom, no one should be persecuted because of his faith, no matter how absurd the practice of his religion may appear to others. The Religious Liberty Association at Battle Creek, Mich., received a telegram, recently, that J. Q. Allison was in a chain-gang* at Douglasville, Ga., because he insisted on keeping the Sabbath, Saturday, and worked on Sunday. Allison may be hon-estly a believer in this theory, and under our Constitution, ought not to be punished for it. [From the Republican, Fulda, Minn.] DOWN in Douglasville, Ga., in this glorious land where we boast of religious liberty, Mr. J. Q. Allison was last week convicted for violating the Sunday law of that State, and sentenced to work in the " chain-gang." His religion teaches him to observe Saturday as the Sabbath, while the law recognizes Sunday and provides that the offender may be pun-ished by a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars, imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang on public works not to exceed twelve months, or all, at the discretion of the judge. The nice part of the law is the part that provides that all fines for such offenses shall be distributed among the Sunday schools of the county. Should the convict refuse to work, even on the day he keeps for Sabbath,Šon Saturday,Šthe law provides that he shall be guilty of insurrection and punished by death. We supposed that " Blue Laws " were only matters of history, but they tell us that history repeats itself. Should Mr. Allison refuse to work on his Sabbath they have a lawful right to hang him. That wouldŁ sound well for America, the land of religious liberty, to hang a man for hoeing in his own garden on Sunday! "Sabbath-Day" Persecution. [Front the Chicago Tribune, June 4,] THE Seventh-day Adventists have leen the subjects of much persecution in Tennessee and. Georgia for some years past. Believing that Saturday, the seventh day of the week, is the Sabbath which the Bible commands shall be kept, they religiously abstain from working on that day and claim the right to * See note in next column. pursue on Sunday their usual vocations. For the latter they are arrested and fined as law-breakers. Now the persecution has extended into Mississippi. A New Orleans paper notes the arrest of Robert Nash, who dared to work in his own field near Aberdeen, Miss., the last Sunday in May. Nash pleaded guilty and undertook the management of his own case, using the Bible for 'his law book,. and the case was continued till next Saturday. The Mississippi statute bearing on this sub-ject provides that "any one who shall labor, or employ any one else to labor, on the Sab-bath day at any other than household duties, works of necessity or charity, or on railroads or steamboats, shall, on conviction; be fined not more than 4420 for every such offense." On this Mr. Nask has a valid plea, though that does not necessarily mean it will have much weight with the local solon who passes on the case. It is that Sunday is not the Sabbath, and is not defined as such on any page of the Old or New Testament. The only Sabbath known to the Jews of Old Testament times, and the only one spoken of by Christ to his apostles, was that portion of time in each week which begins at sunset Friday and ends at sunset Saturday. It is understood that after the crucifixion the disciples met Sunday, and that their reason for doing so was their belief that the first day of the week was the one on which Christ rose from the dead. But we have no hint that they called that day the Sabbath or that it was generally observed by the churches till nearly three centuries later, when Sunday was formally recognized by the Emperor Constantine. The Jews still hold that Saturday is the real Sab-bath, even those of them who find it more convenient to observe Sunday for the sake of harmony with the people among whom they dwell and do business. And the Jews ought to know. They and their books are the only historical authority of any value on that point. Whether or not the change be one of vital religious importance is another question. So if the verbal requirement of the Missis-sippi State law be for the observance of the Sabbath, the officials of that State have no right to meddle with Nash. The law does not fit his case. Of course if the people of that State want to pass a law prohibiting work on the first day of the week, or Sunday, they have the power to do so, and their officials will be charged with the duty of enforcing it when such a law gets on the statute books. It is pitiable to see so much intolerance ex-hibited in what is professedly a land of liberty. It is a great pity that one set of people cannot have some respect for the rights of other peo-ple in the matter of work and choice of times in which to do it. The persecution of the Seventh-day Adventists in the three States named is a relic of Middle-Age disregard for the rights of fellow-beings. . . . A Sabbath-keeper in the Chain-gang in Georgia. [From the Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, May 23.] WE break our forms, ready for the press, this week, to give place for the latest shameful wickedness in connection with the persecution of Sabbath-keepers in the South. A telegram' to the Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Mich., May 16, says: " Allison in the chain-gang." * This means that J. Q. Allison, of Douglasville, Ga., a Sabbath-keeper according to the Bible and the law of God, * Mr. Allison did not actua'ly go into the chain-gang. His sentence was to pay the costs or else serve twelve months in the chain-gang. He refused to pay a single cent and the sheriff started to Atlanta with him to sell him to the chain-gang con-tractors for one year. But some unknown friend paid the costs. Mr. Allison was released on the way to Atlanta.ŠEns. SENTINEL. has been convicted for violating the Sunday law of Georgia and having refused to pay his fineŠso we judge in the absence of detailsŠhas been placed in the " chain-gang " to work out the penalty. The possible punishments for working on Sunday in Georgia are almost beyond the reach of credulity. All misde-meanors under that law are liable to a fine in any sum under one thousand dollars, or to imprisonment within the limit of six -months, or to hard labor in the chain-gang not to ex-ceed twelve months; and one or more of these penalties may be ordered at the discretion of the court. Bathing on Sunday, in sight of any high-way leading to or from any house of worship, incurs a .fine not exceeding five hundred dol-lars, or imprisonment not exceeding six months. (See Georgia State Code, L. R. and H. of 1882, pp. 1,184, 1,196, 1,197.) But this is not all. The provisions con-cerning service in the " chain-gang," accord-ing to Section 4821, are as follows:Š Whenever any convict or convicts now confined, or hereinafter to be confined, in the penitentiary of this State, or member or members of the chain-gang now confined, or hereinafter to be confined, in the peni-tentiary of this State, or wherever else employed as such, shall be guilty of insurrection or attempt at insurrection, such convict or convicts, or member or members of the chain-gang, shall, upon trial and conviction in the Superior Court of the county in which the crime is committed, be deemed guilty of a capital offense, and punished with death, or such other punishment as the judge in his discretion may inflict. Undoubtedly Mr. Allison will refuse to work on the Sabbath, since he holds that the law of God outranks the law of Georgia. Such refusal can be made " insurrection " under the foregoing provision. Therefore in Georgia an intolerance equal to that which flourished in the darkest of the Middle Ages, and an injustice which shames our Christian civili-zation, to say nothing of religious liberty, combine to put Mr. Allison's life in jeopardy. Treason ?ŠNo. Murder ?ŠNo. Arson, bur-. glary ?ŠNo. Not these, but this: He worked on Sunday. But the cruelest injustice comes in the fact that men who pretend to keep Sunday can break the law at will and unmolested, while Mr. Allison and his fellow Sabbath-keepers suffer, not so much for working on Sunday as for keeping the Sabbath. That is the front and graveman of their crime! ! Has it conic to this ? Does a man put his life in jeopardy when he becomes a Seventh-day Adventist, or.  Baptist, or an Israelite, in Georgia ? We have not looked up the geographical position of Douglasville, but we must believe that it is in some corner so remote from rail-roads, from schools, from the enlightened jurisprudence which marks the nineteenth century, so far away from the general influ-ences of Christian civilization, and the free-dom of conscience which the Constitution of the nation guarantees to every man, that the State of Georgia will quickly repudiate this wrong, and will, with equal speed, change its laws so that the world may not again be called upon to blush over such a picture nor blot it out by the chorus of " Shame! shame! " which rises from every place. Is there a calendar in Douglasville ? Does the court which condemned Mr. Allison know that this date is within five years of the close of the nineteenth century Atrocious Laws. [From the Evening Press, Ogden, Utah, May 24.] TENNESSEE, Georgia and Mississippi, and perhaps other States of this great and glorious Union, this alleged " land of the free and home of the brave," have on their statute 