220 it l tadAN VOL. 8, No. 28. gibe any explicit command enjoining the abandon-ment of the seventh day Sabbath, and its observ-ance on the first day of the week." Again we call attention to the petition of the American Sabbath anion for divine Vengeance upon the pair, because it is open On the first day of the toeek 1 These fatal admissions might be multi-plied indefinitely-, but these are sufficient to base' a petition to the American Sabbath Union asking them to postpone further appeals for retribution, at least until they find some direct command of God pro-nouncing a curse upon innocent amuse-ments and instructive exhibits enjoyed upon the first day of the week. If a lack of time is pleaded as an excuse, it is suggested that Father Enright, of Hartford, Kansas, will generously remu- nerate them for the time expended. In the Hartford Weekly Call of February 18, 1883, Father Enright published the following challenge which he has repeated frequently sin that time :Š The Bible commands you to keep the Sabbath day. Sunday is not the Sabbath day ; no man dare assert that it is; for the Bible says, as plainly as words can make it, that the seventh day is the Sabbath, i. e., Saturday; for we know Sunday to be the first day of the week. Besides the Jews have been keeping the Sabbath unto the present day. I am not a rich man, but I will give one thousand dollars to any man who will prove by the Bible alone that Sunday is the day we are bound to keep. Less praying for the Lord Jesus to doom the Fair because it is open on Sunday, and more biblical research is now in order. A. F. BALLENGER. Ł -Ł Ł  Closing Places of Interest on Sunday. THE closing by government of public exhibitions on Sunday is an injustice to the people that can readily be seen by anyone who will candidly consider the question. So clearly has this become rec-ognized that nearly all the national ex-hibitions in England are opened on Sun-day, with the exception of the great museums, art galleries and libraries of London. Just why these should be closed and others in provincial towns opened no one can tell; it is merely one of the many vagaries of Sunday legislation. One thing however is evident, and that is, that it is unfair to close these institutions, which are supported by the people, on the only day when the majority can view them; so that the working classes are largely deprived of deriving any benefit from that which they are taxed to sup-port, and which they desire open. As-suredly these people have just as much right to attend the museum as others have to attend church; and the one class have no more right to close the museums and deprive the others of their freedom of action than the other class have to close the churches, and so deprive many of their privileges. So teaches the Golden Rule of Jesus. It works both ways. That the opening of such places would cause compulsory labor and much extra work is merely a party cry of the Sunday-law people without any foundation in fact. Facts show that their opening causes less Sunday labor, for the people who attend are more orderly and require less care and supervision there than any-where else. Take for example the two hundred thousand who attended the first Sunday at the World's Fair; had these people been turned loose on the streets of Chicago the result would have been very different. In England a picture  gallery that has an attendance of two thousand in four hours only requires five willing attendants, whose only " labor " is to walk about. The following from Professor Fowler, Director of the London Natural History Museum, is to the point : I am glad to say that the majority of the trustees are in favor of opening it oiligunday afternoons, and three-fourths at least of the staff are also in favor of such opening. Many of them are so enthusiastic as to say they are willing to come and take their turn at attending, even without re-muneration. . . . These men would not be ex-pected to sweep or clean, to stuff birds, to arrange tablets, or write labels or do any of the real work we expect of them on week days; they would have to walk to the museum, walk or stand about there for a few hours, and then walk back again. Prob-ably, if they were not doing this they would be taking a walk somewhere else; so that they would not be working any harder than usual. And out of our whole staff only a few need come, so that the turn would only fall on each man perhaps once in every six or eight Sundays ; and we should never ask anyone to come if he had any con-scientious objections. And all such places that are opened on Sunday are worked on the same plan, and the man whose turn comes on Sunday has a full day off during the week. All this shows that Sunday opening of exhibitions does not in any way oppress the workers or ignore their religious scruples. Even a correspondent to the Christian World makes the following admission in regard to the People's Palace, which is open Sundays :Š We looked in one Sunday to see and judge for ourselves. It was 4: 30 when we entered the large hall; about 1,500 were present, mostly of the better working class and shop-assistant types. All was decorous and orderly. And the greatest attention was being paid to the various items of a thoroughly high class and miscellaneous sacred concert. The most cantankerous could have found no occasion for fault-finding. . . . The total number of Sunday visitors is estimated at 92,927. In the library was-found a large number of seats occupied by studious-looking men and women, while in two smaller rooms a score or two of lads were having a good time with the " Illustrateds " and interesting boy's books. These rooms were in charge of lady volunteers. . . . We looked in vain for a policeman, and on inquiry later, found that the audiences, although composed of " East Enders," did not need the services of these gentlemen. The novelist, Walter Besant, writes :Š There is no more beautiful, no more religious sight in London than that of the two thousand earnest men and women who gather together on the Sunday morningŠbetween church and dinner, if they have gone to churchŠto hear the Organ Recital. There is nothing which more vexes the soul of the publican than to think of these men kept away from his drinking bar by sweet and holy music. It is not only the soul of the saloon- keeper that is vexed. There is another gentleman to whom the sight is as gall and wormwood, and this personage is our clerical Sunday law advocate. And these two gentlemen have a bond of sympathy and union, for both think that this compe-tition places their craft in danger. So a resolution was passed declaring the open-ing of such places to be " detrimental to morality and religion." Mr. Besant continues :Š Yes. There is one sight more beautiful still. It is the sight of the 2,000 people who throng the library on the Sunday evening. They are quiet ; they enjoy warmth and light; they are in the best of company ; they are filling their minds with noble thoughts. Instead of this those who do not blush to sign a document against Sunday opening in the name of what they call religion, would send them outŠwhat to do?Što tramp the streets, to find in crowded bars shelter from cold and rain, to swell the ranks of the fallen, and to subject the young to temptation. In the sacred name of re-ligion 1 Is it possible? Yet this is the very thing the Sunday law bigot is striving to do. He would rather have these quiet scenes broken up,  and the young turned adrift, than not have everyone bent t® his religious views. By these people thus spending Sunday no one is harmed, no rights of others are infringed ; those who believe Sunday should be kept some other way, need not go near them or even know of their exist-ence, and no one is compelled to work; and the only fault that can be found is purely on religious grounds, that they are not religious in a way some others think they ought to be. From which we must conclude that this whole Sunday-, law-enforcing crusade is founded upon the same principles as Popery, i. e., reli-gious intolerance; and that the efforts put forth are not so much in the interests of morality and godliness as they are to enforce a religious dogma and a man-made institution. FRANCIS HOPE. Belfast, Ireland. Sunday In California from 1883 to 1893. THE advocates of a State-bolstered Sun-day never tire of picturing the unhappy condition of California without a Sunday law ; but occasionally some one whose testimony they dare not discredit, tells the truth about California, much to the discomfiture of the " Civil Sabbath " theorists. In his book, "The Sabbath for Man," Mr. Crafts states it as a foun-dation principle that a " nation cannot be preserved without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without laws," but according to Mr. Crafts' own testimony, SundayŠwhich Mr. Crafts calls the SabbathŠis preserved in California without law. In 1885 Mr. Crafts published his book, in which he relates that in order to obtain a world-wide view of Sabbath observance, he corresponded with more than two hun-dred persons residing in nearly every nation of the world. One of the questions which he asked was :Š Where have you seen the best Sabbath observ-ance? To this, a San Francisco pastor re-sponded :Š Among the Christian people of California. Mr. Crafts' question and the San Fran-cisco pastor's answer to it are found on page 95 of his book before referred to. On the preceding page occur these words :Š Both laymen and ministers say that even in Cali-fornia the Sabbath is, on the whole, better observed and Christian services better attended than five years ago. " Five years ago," from the standpoint of 1885, was three years before the repeal of the California Sunday law. Therefore, taking into consideration all that Mr. Crafts said upon this subject, we con-cluded that according to testimony pub- lished in his own book, California had in 1885, when the State had been without a Sunday law for two years, better and more general Sunday observance than it had under a Sunday law. Nor have the conditions changed since that time. In 1890, five years after Mr. Crafts published his book, and seven years after the repeal of the California Sunday law, " Holloway," a correspondent of the New York Observer, wrote to that paper as follows, of Sunday observance in San Francisco :Š True, there are some drawbacks here as there are in all the cities of our land. Attractive as the city is, and in its main features very desirable as a place of residence, yet the good people who have come 