324 A_101IlOIEZIECA.N.  S.E.WrIPIL 11-4.41-40 VOL. 9. No. 41. heritance, or to use his authority between two brothers who acknowledged him a Master in settling a quarrel about an inheritance, replied, Man, who made me a judge, or a divider over you ? ' He con-fessed before a Roman governor that `his kingdom was not of this world.' Conse-quently his servants, as such, have no right to interfere with men of the world in anything pertaining to God and con-science. Let the men of the world alone, let them stand by their own master and judgeŠ' follow peace with all men,' and take heed to yourselves and those who profess to be under your guardian care; and then your mild, peaceable, upright example will do more to reform the world than fines and imprisonmentŠwalk wisely towards them that are without, such is the spirit and tendency of Christianity. What a contrast ! Constables, fines, imprison-ment to make men wiser and etter ! But I shall place the above supposition in another point of view. I shall suppose a society of Christians assemble for the above purposes, and that they have before them a number of professed Christians convicted of the aforementioned crimesŠwhat then is the course to be pursued in relation to them ? Does Christianity allow, or authorize them to call in the civil law or civil power to punish them ? Yes, says the Romanist; but the Protestant says, No. The Protestant asks what are the means commanded to be used towards offenders in the Christian Church; the Catholic replies excommunication, bulls, racks, gibbets, fire, and every species of cruelty, so they said in former times : per-haps they are wiser since the re-establish-ment of the courts and Constitution. But the Protestant replies,Šadmonition, and exclusion, or excommunication. The heretic and immoral professors are treated alikeŠhear PaulŠ' A man that is an heretic after the first and second admoni-tion reject.' With respect to the immoral his words are equally plain and conclusive, Put away from among yourselves that wicked person.' After the heretic and the immoral are excluded from the church, they are, to Christians, ecclesiastically dead. They have no power or jurisdic-tion over them. The words of their Master are, If he will not hear the church, let him be to thee as an heathen man and a publican.' But, says the mor-alists, let us fleece him after he is eccle-siastically dead, let us send after him, devour his substance! Let us raise him from the ecclesiastical grave, and plunder his sepulchre. And who knows but he may be brought to life again ! If their proceedings have any meaning, if they are not deliberate robbery, such is the meaning of them. " I hope, sir, there are many members of these associations who are led in un-awares, but their leaders are crafty and designing men. " No people more richly deserve the ordeal of criticism, the keenness of reproof, and the fullness of exposure of these would be heads of the Inquisition. " Of these things which I have spoken, this is the substance: If the moral soci-eties are heterogenews, if they claim jurisdiction over things civil, moral, and religious they are antichristianŠif they are all Christians they are prohibited from the exercise of any power over them that are not members of the churches by the express law of Christ. And if they were even a Christian church, and the offend-ers professed Christians, it is antiscriptural  for them to punish them by any civil pains. In a word, I affirm that the Bible will justify them equally in burning a man or stoning him to death, as it will in exacting money off him for his sins. Yea, I will go further and say that it is more scriptural to stone a man to death for sinning against God than it is to take four dollars or four cents from him on the same account. The former has been done in Old Testament times; but the latter was never done in the days of the Bible. But in New Testament times we read of but one instance of stoning a man to death for the good of his soul; this was the martyr Stephen. And in it we read of but one society of covenantersŠthis so-ciety bound itself by a solemn league and oath that they would neither eat nor drink until they had killed Paul. I will finish the first part of my subject in my next." Ł Ł-Ł The Papacy and the Temporal Power. THE New York Sun, of the 9th inst., has an editorial article, in which is dis- cussed the relations of the papacy and the civil power in Italy. In a speech, noted in these columns two weeks ago, Premier Crispi said that there must be a union of forces against anarch-ism under a banner inscribed, " For God, our King and our Country." Crispi's utterance is properly regarded as a bid for the favor of the pope; but judging by the Roman Catholic press of Europe, the pope will accept nothing short of abject surrender of the Italian govern- ment and a restoration of the temporal power, at least in the city of Rome. " Some light," remarks the Sun, " is thrown upon this subject by the London Tablet, which collects in a recent number the comments of several Italian news-papers that are supposed to represent with more or less fidelity the views of Leo XIII. The purport of their declarations is that a restitution of the temporal sovereignty of the pope cannot be looked for, and that, in the absence thereof, no compromise be-tween the papacy and the civil power in Italy is possible." If Crispi would make peace with the pope he must follow in the footsteps of Henry the IVth. The Sun says:Š It is true enough that the pilgrimage to Canossa involves penance and restitution no less than profes-sions of faith. The German Emperor who made the memorable journey recognized its implied obligations, and Bismarck, when seeking the support of German Catholics in the Reichstag, acknowledged that he must earn it by repealing most of the Falk laws. The Voce della Verita congratulates Crispi on his conversion, but asks for some tangible evidence of it in " the res-toration of the Decalogue and the divine law which," it says, " the Italian govern-ment has not merely forgotten, but tram-pled under foot." The Unita Catollica, suggests that "be-fore talk of reconciliation should come mention of reparation. To Signor Crispi we would put the question, 'Are you ready to undo the work of the revolution in re-gard to the church ; to restore to the pope effective and tangible sovereignty, liberty, and independence within the limits as-signed by history and the pontifical rights ; in a word, to overturn from top to bottom all that constitutes modern Italy ? '" Other more or less pertinent opinions are quoted, all of the same import, namely, that there can be no reconciliation without restoration. The Sun, however, thinks that " these Italian Catholic editors are  inclined to be more papistical than the pope; as if, in other words, they are dis-posed to ask too much, and above all, too much at once." But Italy is in dire straits, and an abject surrender to the pope need surprise no one. The temper of the papacy upon this question cannot be mistaken. A writer in the Tablet, referring to resolutions passed every year by Catholic congresses, urges that these are useless until public opinion changes in Italy, or until the Catholics of France, Spain, and Austria are ready to do more than pass resolutions; says :Š Not until the Catholics of these three States, or even of one of them, acquire the supremacy over the anti-Christian portion of their fellow-subjects and hold in their hands the destinies of their country, can they invite the two hundred million of Catholics, in the rest of the world, to aid them by furnishing money-and volunteers for the undertaking, which should he carried out in the name of the whole Catholic commu-nity. " This is the real spirit of the papacy," says another London paper, "the encyc-licals on peace and good-will amongst men notwithstanding." Papacy In Europe.* Inc cannot be denied that there is, at the present time, a revival of Roman Ca-tholicism in this Old World of ours. In Great Britain every one knows that the Romish clergy have of late assumed a boldness, a spirit of propagandism, which becomes a danger to the country. Con-vents and monasteries are being estab-lished on all sides; there are forty of them in the county of Sussex alone. Churches and cathedrals are being erected, and " conversions " are taking place. In the Anglican Church there is an alarming progress toward the popish rites and su-perstitions, thousands of churches having adopted during the past few years the use of candles, early celebration of the mass, incense, confession, etc. The Romish clergy in one diocese alone (that of Sal-ford) boast of 900 " conversions " during the past year. Who could have expected such things in the land of Cromwell and the Covenanters ? In France the death-fight between the republic and the church, which found its expression seventeen years ago in Gam-betta's celebrated utterance : "Le clerical-isme, voila, rennemi !" (" clericalism is the foe") has come to a sort of truce. The people are not, to any considerable extent, more religious than they used to be; fashion, pleasure and immorality hold the sway in Paris and our large cities more than ever. But there is, at the same time, a curious sense of respect perceptible even in the most worldly newspapers, for the things which pertain to religion, and especially to the Romish religion; the pope and the priests are not derided and abused as they were a few years ago; the pope's encyclical letters and speeches are carefully reported and commented upon. Following the lead of the late Cardinal Lavigerie, the bishops have become recon-ciled to the republican form of govern-ment, and the pope has encouraged them in this new departure. The great reform which the Liberals under Napoleon III. were clamoring for, and which the early republican governments held out as im-minentŠthe separation of Church and StateŠhas been shelved by all parties * By Rev. R. Sailliens, Paris, France, in Missionary Review of the World. 