"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9, NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 1, 1894. NUMBER 43.  American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEELY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No, 43 BOND STREET, NEW Volts. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO JONES, Ł - - CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, EDITORS.  A. F. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. "RENDER therefore unto Ctesar the things which are Ctesar's, and unto GOd the things that are God's." This is the Christian and Protestant principle of separation of Church and State, after which the cham-pions of religious freedom modeled the Constitution of the United States. WHEN Jefferson, Madison, the Baptists, and certain Presbyterians labored for separation of Church and State in Vir-ginia, and afterwards in the national Gov-ernment, they understood they were mak-ing an image, in America, to the great Christian and Protestant principle of sep-.aration of Church and State; and that this separation and Ł its concomitant, freedom of conscience, was in its every feature unlike the papal principle of union of Church and State and its concomitant, religious oppression. To show they believed all this we quote their words: " Jt.is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects which profess the Christian faith, without erect-ing a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." Again, " To judge for ourselves, and to engage in the exercise of religion agree-ably to the dictates of our own consciences, is an inalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the Reformation from papacy carried on, cannot be transferred to another." THUS it is seen that the framers of the American Constitution modeled our na-tional Government upon the Protestant principle of separation of Church and State. It was made in the image of the Protestant, and not the papal, principle. The builders said. it would continue to image the Protestant principle so long as it refused to legislate on the religious disputes between sects, and protected all  in the right to judge for themselves, and to engage in the exercise of religion agree-ably to the dictates of conscience. But should our lawmakers ever legislate, said they, on religious questions, by that act they would lead the nation back to the Church of Rome, Š they would mold it into an image of the papacy. And now of the act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and the imprisonment of conscientious Sabbath-keepers in the sev-eral States under sanction of federal courts, we ask, whose image and super-scription do they bear, Protestant or papal ? AND now shall Christians.obey (" Obe-dience is the highest form of worship." "To obey is better than sacrifice,") these Sunday-law enactments which are imaged after the papal principle, both in dogma and practice, or shall they worship God by obeying him and keeping his Sabbath, the mark of his power ? Shall they wor-ship the beast and his image by observing the papal Sunday enforced by laws which are made in the image of papal policy ? " If any man worskip the beast or his image or receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." Rev. 14 : 9, 10. " White With Fear and Wrath." A RECENT editorial in the Christian Statesman headed, " A Glimpse at the Catholic Question," closes with the fol-lowing paragraph It becomes us Americans to look at once into the secret plottings of this political church. They are striving with mighty energy to gain control of the whole Government of America, national and State, as well as municipal. The assertion is ventured, without much fear of mistake, that they have already suc-ceeded to an extent that, if known to the people, would turn our faces white with fear and wrath. The assertion may be ventured without any fear of mistake. Another assertion is ventured without any fear of mistake, and that assertion is that the Christian Statesman and the National Reform As-sociation, of which it is the organ, and the American Sabbath Union, and the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, with which the Statesman is allied, is respon-sible in large measure for the success of " the secret plotting" of the Roman Cath-olic Church to gain control of the whole  Government of America, national, State, and municipal. And let it be said be-fore forgetting it, that it illy becomes the Christian Statesman and the political churches and associations which are be-hind it to speak of the Roman Catholic Church as a " political church," and of its efforts to secure favorable legislation as " secret plottings " " to gain control of the whole Government." This is just what the Christian Statesman and its allies have been doing for over a quarter of a century. The only difference is that the Roman Catholic Church has been plotting to gain control of the whole Gov-ernment in the interests of Roman Cathol-icism; while the Christian Statesman and its allies have been plotting to gain con-trol of the whole Government in the interests of a system the perfect image of Roman Catholicism. The, first by order of the pope has been plotting "to cause the constitutions of States and legislation to be modeled in the principles of the true church." The second has been plotting to "place all Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." So similar have been the objects of these plotters that they have found it profitable to play into each others hands. Now that the faces of the editors of the Christian Statesman turn white with fear and wrath at the success-ful plottings of their " mother'," it is proper to make them face a chapter in the history of their plotting to gain control of the whole Government of America. Aug. 31, 1881 the Christian Statesman published the following :Š This common interest [" of all religious people in the Sabbath "ŠSunday] ought both to strengthen our determination to work, and our readiness to cooperate in every way with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens. We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet were when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept cooperation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situation. As the result of this request for coopera-tion Cardinal Gibbons in 1888 indorsed by letter the petition for a national law on forc-ing the observance of the Roman Catholic Sunday. The next year, Nov. 12, 1889; the Congress' of Catholic Laymen passed, 