106 AMERICAN SENTINEL. An Infant Republic's Address to the United'States. THE following is an extract from what is described by London newspapers as a remarkable document ema-nating from the office of the Secretary of State at Pre- toria, capital of the Transvaal Republic, dated Decem-ber 16, 1899. It is an appeal to the great powers of the world against being starved into submission by Great Britain, but seems especially addressed to the United States, of which power it says:Š "Since, in 1870, the President of the United States acknowledged our republic as a sovereign state, Ameri-cans have flocked here in numbers. In every instance the hand of fellowship has been extended to them. Not a single case of disagreement is on record, but with the first war note of the oppressor we are informed that America is acting in league with the enemy. If our sister republic has no sympathy with us, if the boasted condescension of the BritiSh is to be preferred to sincer= ity and truth, we will no longer believe in the justice and integrity of the American nation, and her profession of Christianity we will consider empty sound." Sunday Closing News. MISSOURI. A FRIEND in Quenweg, Mo., sends us the following newspaper reports of a crusade for the enforcement of the Sunday law against saloons, in Jasper County and vicinity:Š "Jasper County was drier yesterday than the worst prohibition town in Kansas. From Central City to astute Carthage not a drop of liquor was sold over the bar. Even in Webb City and Carterville, where for years the saloon men knew no Sunday, the mandates of the law were respected. Joplin saloon men were given a tip last Saturday, so it is said, that Prosecuting Attorney Shannon had made up his mind to prosecute any fur-ther violations of the Sunday-closing law, and inas-much as the officers had been kind enough to put the saloon-keepers on their guard, the latter readily took the hint. Of course the saloon men do not like it, but they must stand for it. Sunday has always been counted as the biggest day for the liquor business in Jop-lin, and if the closing is to be made permanent, some of the numerous places will be obliged to close up!" "Prosecuting Attorney H. L. Shannon is arranging to file information against ten or a dozen Joplin liquor license holders who failed to close their saloons last Sunday in compliance with an order from. the attorney in question. Delay is necessitated in filing the infor-mation by the difficulty in ascertaining just who is proprietor of each saloon. The records must be con-sulted. "Joplin's saloons closed up on Sunday of their own accord, just before the grand jury went into session, and this fact was perhaps responsible for their not get-ting the notification to close at the same time Carter- vine was notified which caused some complaint at the latter place. Now, however, several Joplin saloons still open Sundays, and will be proceeded against. "Webb City saloons have been kept closed on Sun-days of late by the city authorities, though at one time it was so generally recognized that her saloons kept open anyway that the city added $10 to the regular monthly license of $50 for Sunday opening." "Joining Hands." LAST,Sunday morning "Father" McGrath, a Roman Catholic of this city, with his flock was admitted to the Lafayette Ave. Baptist Church, and later in the fore-noon to the Episcopal Guild Hall. In both.  places he conducted the regular service of his church. Altar boys were in attendance to chant and perform their part, and full mass was said. Mr. Mc Grath was deeply moved by the "Christianity" manifested by these PrOtestants toward him and his people. Well, what is Protestant- ism here now anyway? ADDLE BOWE-N. Buffalo, N. Y., Jan. 12, 1900. The Decay of the Republic. THE CONTRAST OF TO-DAY WITH THE FIRST QUARTER OF THE NINETEENTH CENTURY, AS SEEN BY AN OBSERVER OF FOUR SCORE YEARS. Highland Park, III., Jan. 25, 1900. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: Your little paper, the SENTINEL, is the most pithy, forceful and cogent publication that comes to my table among more than a dozen prints of the day. I read it for the comfort and consolation it gives me by calPing my mind back to the halcyon days of boyhood, of the first quarter of this waning century, when patriotism was not measured by dollars, nor love of liberty a grinning pretense; in fact, to the days when the great American Republic was buoyant with hope and growth, and monarchists and imperialists were not suspected to have a habitat within our national limits. But alas, as I enter my four score years and calmly wait my sun-set whose rays are wrapped in drifts of lurid smoke, I rather court the hour, than dread the moment's pain, of ceasing to look on our, decaying Republic. Already it has passed beyond reclaim. Would that I had gone before my eyes had looked upon power and dominion as paramount to individual liberty ! Webster prayed that his dying eyes might not look upon a dissevered union; but little did he then pause to reflect that "union," power and dominion are and always have been the basis of human bondage and indi-vidual servitude. We slaughtered half a million of our people, destroyed twelve billion dollars worth of prop 