132  AMERICAN SENTINEL. an excellent thing it would be to have a proper under-standing between King George III and Pope Pius VII. In this letter he also declared that the church would always in the future, as in the past, inculcate loyalty, obedience, and,respect for sovereigns, and that her in-fluence would be entirely against any revolutionary movements;, calling attention especially to the fact that the spirit of independence in America at that time was confined exclusively to the Protestant colonies south of the St. Lawrence; that it was the Protestant colonies whidh resisted tyranny, while the Catholic colo-nies of Canada remained faithful to his majesty! The Quebec Act was designed to create two factions in British America, divided on religious, racial, and territorial lines, either of which might, when occasion arose, be used as an engine to keep the other in perpet-ual subjection to the central authority at London. It was not doubted that the animosities engendered by a long series of wars in the past could be kept alive as a convenient leverage for oppression by allowing Quebec to retain its Bourbon constitution. TICE TEXAS DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE. In the "unanimous Declaration of Independence, made by the delegates of the people of Texas at the town of Washington on the 2nd day of March, 1836," I find the following expressions:Ñ " "The Mexican nation has acquiesced in the changes made in the government by General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, who, having overturned the constitution of his country, now offers us the cruel alternative, either to abandon our homes, acquired by so many priva-tions, or submit to the most intolerable of all tyranny, the combined despotism of the sword and the priest-hood." The Mexican government now "denies us the right of worshiping the Almighty according to the dictates of our own consciences, by the support of a national reli-gion calculated to promote the interests of its 'human functionary rather than the glory of the true and ever- livingGod. . . .  ¥ "It has failed to establish any public system of edu-cation, although possessed of almost boundless re-sources in the public domain. . . . "It has failed and refused to secure on a firm basis the right of trial by jury. "It has suffered the military commandants stationed among us to exercise arbitrary acts of oppression and tyranny. . . . ¥ "The Mexican government is a consolidated, cen-tral, military despotism, in which every interest is dis-regarded but that of the army and priesthood, both the eternal enemies of civil liberty, the ever-ready minions of power, and the usual instruments of tyrants." "Lord God of Hosts! be with us yet, Lest we forget, lest we forget!" Washington, D. C. Christians Not Made That Way. BY T. E. BOWEL THE Sunday-closing measures 7o strictly enforced at the instigation of the church people recently in Balti- more gave, many practical illustrations as to the real working of these obsolete laws. No hearts were made better. No tender feelings drawn forth toward God for his great love manifested to the children of men in so many ways. Instead of making men better, they were driven into the hypo- crite's seat, or made to hate a little more intensely all that passes for religion. These feelings found vent in many slurring placards displayed in store windows. Here are a few:Ñ "For it is decreed that man was made for the Sab- bath." "Gone to church; go thou and do likewise." A drug store had this:Ñ "We sell nothing but medicines, although we pro-test that it is a grave mistake for law-abiding citizens to fall sick on the Sabbath;,  as it necessitates the em-ployment of physicians and diverts the minds of patients and their families from devotional exercise. As, how-ever, we must keep open our store to supply such phys-ical wants on this day, we shall, as far as it lies within our power, enter into the spirit of the new order of things, brought about by the truly good people of this.  community. To this end we will on this day offer spir-itual advice and treatment gratis to all who may apply." Here is some clerical advice given free, although you notice pardon is asked for giving it on Sunday, the clergys' busy day :Ñ "Not that we wish to enter into unseemly competi-tion with the clergy during their business hours, but that between whiles the hardened sinner and impious Sabbath-breaker may be thus warned away from evil thoughts and removed from the temptations of idleness to the betterment of his spiritual welfare and to the edification of the truly good, whose tender, unselfish hearts throb with an altruistic ecstasy born of humilty and charity. Therefore, we beseech you be not cast down, but with contrite heart, curb your, desires." But the following notice is especially noteworthy as showing how the religious people are regarded by the worldly people, and how futile is the effort to make people better by law:Ñ "And that it may direct you to a spirit of emula-thm, observe well the moral attitude and seraphic coun-tenance of the elect and truly good, [italics ours] for they walk abroad and are plainly visible to the common herd, and may be known by the gentleness of their de-meanor and the length of their faces." Who can imagine they are doing Jesus Christ service in enforcing such laws? Surely they know not what 