742 TaE;-,-sENrra NEL; OPLIT-3-MjerSr. Iowa decision (Davis vs. Fish, Green, 406) affirms that Sunday- is "sacred, set .apart for rest," etc. s_ . A North :Carblina decision (Ricket's- case, 74 N. C, 184), referring-AO the Sunday law, says that "All religious and moral.. codes permit works of ne-cessity and- charity on-their;socred days." A Georgia decision uses still stronger language: " All courts should abstain from' the transaction of-ordinary busi-ness on thii holy day."ŠGholston vs. Gholston, 3:1 Ga., 625. Another Georgia decision says: "The Sabbath is regarded as the Lord's-  day, and it is pro-tected from violation by so many guards, that the courts should not be allowed to invade its sanctity." ŠBass vs. Irwin, 49 Ga., 436. In Weldon's case (62 Ga., 449); Sunday is declared to be a "holy day." One class of decisions is based on the idea that the state has power to consecrate Sunday. Of this class of decisions, Mr. Ringgold, author of the " Law of Sunday," says: "These are cases which hold that its sanctifica-tion was accomplished by statute. Thus one reason given for separating' the day as', a 'holy' one in Massachusetts is the fact that the legislative power has exacted the observance of it as such.ŠPearce vs, Atwood, 13 Mass., 324." -- In the case of People vs. Ruggles (New York), Judge Kent affirmed that " the statute for prevent-ing immorality consecrates the first day 01 the week as hOly time."-8 Johns, 290. In Moore vs. Hogan, a Kentucky report,, the judge speaks of the Sunday law as " the statute consecrating the Sabbath."-2 Duv., 437, In Weldon's case (62 Ga., 449), it is laid down that Georgia courts and magistrates are to regard Sunday as the Lords' day " as a mere matter of law, irrespective of religious -obligation and duty." Another class of decisions is based on the idea that Sunday is sacred by both divine and human authority. A decision by a New York judge in 1861 said that " It does not detract. from the moral or legal sanction of -the law of the State that it con-forms to the law of God, as that law is recognized by the great majority of the people."ŠLinden Mul-ler's case, 33 Barb., 548. In a Pennsylvania decision (Eyre's case, S. and R., 347) it is said that " Sabbath breaking is the violation of a divine as well as a human law." Another Pennsylvania decision uses this language: " It may not be essential, but it is far from being irreleVant, to the decision of the present case, to sustain, the , .  divine authOriiji of its institution (Sunday). Fur- ther, it .says: that the day has-been "Set apart by.:  divine command and human leg-islation as a day-of rest. * * * It has come down to us With' the"  most solemn sanctions both of 'man and of God.' Š Johnston's case, 22 Pa., 102. An Arkansas- decision informs, citizens, of that State who play cards on Sunday that' the day " is, set apart by divine: appointment, as well as by:  the law of the land, for other and betfererigagerfents."' ŠStockden's case, i8 Ark., 186. An Iowa court declared, in, the case of Davis Fish (I Green, 406), that Sunday observance has-. been " established by laws both human and divine, for Public worship and private devotion Ša time-honored and heaven-appointed institution." Mary-land has said likewise: "The Sabbath is emphatic-ally the day.  of rest, and the day of rest here is the Lord's day or Christian Sunday. Ours is a Chris-tian community, 4nd the day set apart as a day-of rest is the day consecrated, by the resurrection of our Saviour."ŠKilgour vs. Mills, 8 G. and J., 268. Georgia has gone furthest in recognizing the re-ligious character of 'Sunday laws, by speaking thus: "The laW fixes the day recognized as the Sabbath day all over Christendom, and that day by divin, injunction is' to be kept holy; on it thou Shalt do Work. The Christian Sabbath is a civil institution older: than our Government."ŠKarwisch's case, 44 Ga., 204. And again: "Independently of the moral obligation resting upon all men to obey the law of the Lord, and to observe by abstaining from all secular business on the day set apart for his worship throughout Chris-tendom, the rest of one day in seven from all: physical and mental labor is a great conservative, , refreshing, invigorating means, designed by Almighty wisdom for' the preservation of health and the rec-reation of our mental and bodily faculties. But neither the law of God nor the law of man forbids us to do good on the Sabbath day. * 5Q* When the State of Georgia, therefore, excepts works of benevolence and charity from the operations of this penal- statute, it but reenacts the law of t4 Almighty as announced by the Saviour and beautified by example."ŠSalter vs. Smith, 55 Ga., 244. Most of these decisions were rendered prior tro,  1875. In them the courts have pronounced with unmistakable clearness that Sunday laws are, re-likious laws, based upoh,the supposed ,sacred acter and divine obligation of the day,, Bacc -ii that earlier period of American history the,belief 4.1,11 