- 532 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Now, I would like to have you advise me on this subject. I have already been told by an officer that the best thing I could do was to get out of this, and, if I did not, I would be disrated to a seaman. "April 22, 1897," TEE Bible Sabbath begins and ends at sunset. The Sunday sabbath begins and ends in the darkness of midnight. Ir 111,-.  Political Prayer. Fr is not very consistent for a journal which is pub-lished in the interests of the papacy, to decry that which savors of the papal principle of union of Church and State; but it is plain that papal journals can see the evil readily enough and know how to state the truth when it is a case of union of the State with some other religion than the papal. The Catholic Mirror, for example, takes occasion from some recent utterances by the Senate chap-lain of Congress, while in the discharge of his official du-ties, to comment upon the folly of political prayer. The Mirror says:-- "The offensive practice of Protestant ministers mak-ing `prayers' of a certain character in legislative or po-litical bodies has been often noted, and every now and then something of the sort occurs in Congress. Then there is a laugh from the irreverent, or an expression of disgust from serious and sensible people who feel that by these exhibitions religion is brought into discredit. "A few days ago the chaplain in the Senate, Rev. Hugh Johnson, delivered one of these political prayers, in which he said:Š " We recognize Thy hand in this work of commercial legislation now near completion in so short a period of Congressional history. We thank Thee for the courage, the disinterestedness, and the generosity exhibited by Senators and Representatives, and that party inter-est and feelings and local interests have been subordi-nated to the expressed will of the majority in this legis-lation.' "The reverend gentleman, it may be explained, al-luded to the tariff bill. Not a few persons, it is to be feared, will be profane enough to give expression to a good deal of mirth at the idea of the courage, disinter-estedness and generosity' of the Senators and Represen-tatives in connection with the pending work of commer-cial legislation.' It will be hard to believe that the hand of the Almighty directed some of the proceedings of the honorable members who have been laboring over the complicated and difficult schedules recently in Wash-ington. "Such ' prayers' have a sound of cant and hypocrisy, and it is not just to term them prayers at all, but rather political speeches. No clergyman of decent instincts and of proper reverence for the Almighty would address such offensive instruction to the divine Author of all things, patronizingly informing him of the satisfaction of crit-cal observers, here below with his direction of mundane things. " " Fashionable Desecration of Sunday." UNDER this heading a New England journal says:Š "The church-going element of New England is stirred because the aristocratic sojourners of Newport turned last Sunday into an occasion of merry-making. First the nabobs had their showy carriages manned by lackeys in bottle-green livery bowling along Bellevue avenue and the ocean roadway until it seemed as if every swell turn-out in the country was in the procession. Then Oliver H. P. Belmont gave a reception which was attended by a small army of well dressed men and women and which was enlivened by the music of a brass band. Besides this there were eight more elaborate receptions including one given by Chauncey M. Depew. At the Casino, dinners were given by the dozen, the guests numbering all the way from ten to twenty, and in other ways the decorum prescribed by Christianity for observing the sabbath was trampled upon." A Sunday law is essentially a restriction upon the poor. It can never be anything else than class legisla-tion. The unfortunate circumstances which surround the poor sufficiently emphasize the contrast between them and the rich, where no Sunday law exists. And anything which tends to deepen this contrast, as a Sunday law does, can only tend toward anarchy and revolution. Official Religion. " CONVERTED BY MISTAKE." "Present Truth," London, Eng. Im is well known that the larger part of the popula-tion of Europe that turned from their native paganism to the papal church in early times were converted in the mass; that is, the chief of the tribe, for political or other reasons, cast in his lot with the imperial religion, and his people followed him in religion as they followed him in war. This notion of religion, which left no place for a change of heart and life, was thoroughly papal and has always been the religion of the natural man. It was against this religion of lifeless form that the Protestant Reformation lifted the standard, calling men to personal faith and to the new birth by the incorruptible Word. To the survival of that old idea of religion is due the cru-sade, in all Christendom for religion and morality by pol-itics and religious legislation. Men whose religion is but a cloak easily conceive the idea of forcing others to wear the same cut of garment. Apropos of this subject of official religion, the Echo has recently reminded us that a Tartar tribe in, Russia was last century "converted" to Mohammedanism by an official's blunder:Š "They were converted by mistakeŠby a slip of the penŠin a fit of absence of mind. Up till then the Kirghiz Tartars were ShamanitesŠworshipers of nature, spirits, and ancestral ghosts, as all the Central Asiatic tribes 