568 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A CORRESPONDENT inquires why, if the Sabbath al-ways fallS on the seventh day of the week, the day of the resurrection of Christ must not always fall on the first day of the week, since the resurrection day was the day following the Sabbath. This is really a silly question; yet anyone is to be excused for asking it in view of the fact, astounding though it is, that almost throughout Christendom it is actually believed that the first day of the week is always the day of Christ's resurrection. * * * THE resurrection of Christ was an event which in A. D. 31 took place on the first day of the week. That day was marked by that event; other days are marked by other events. Taking any particular day so marked, how often does that day recur? Does it recur every week? or every year? Anyone who will claim that the occurrence of any event calls for a weekly celebration of that occurrence, will make himself a laughing stock wherever he goes. If you doubt it try it. Go out and advocate that the signing of the Declaration of Inde-pendence ought to be celebrated every week, instead of but once a year; for that event marked a day of the week just as truly as did the resurrection of Christ; and every reason for a weekly celebration in the one case will hold good in the other. And so of any other event that may be cited. THE resurrection of Christ, while necessarily occur-ring on a day of the week, did not and could not have any relation to the week. It could no more be connected with the week than could the birth of Christ, or the birth of anybody. A weekly birthday is just as sensible an idea as is a weekly Sabbath based on Christ's resurrec-tion. The day of Christ's resurrection recurs once a year, as does the day of one's birth or death; and in a period of seven or eight years will necessarily cover the entire week, falling on each of the seven days succes-sively. And the orthodox world recognizes that the resurrection day is a yearly day, by the yearly celebra-tion of Easter. But as it would not do to have Easter, the day of the resurrection, fall on any other day than SundayŠas in that case the fraud of the whole thing would be too palpableŠit is fixed by the church calendar doctors so that it falls always on Sunday; and we have the wonderful spectacle of the (supposed) day of the  year on which Christ rose, falling always on the same day of the week! Even the impossible is called in to pay tribute to Sunday! IT is worth noting further that to the resurrection of Christ the language of the second psalm applies: "Thou art My Son, this day have I begotten thee." See Acts 13:33. So that Jesus Christ, the Christ of to-day, was really begotten on the day of his resurrection, and that day is in the true sense of Scripture, his birthday. So that if Christ can have a weekly birthday, there may be some propriety in a weekly celebration of the day; otherwise there can be none at all. * * * AND from all this it is evident that there can be no sensible reason for Sabbath observance other than that assigned by the Creator and Lord of the Sabbath in the fourth commandment: "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work; . . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and' all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." That made the week; and the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord, was necessarily the sev-enth day of the week. THE annexation sentiment appears to be fast over-shadowing the desire for independence in Cuba. A press correspondent, writing from Havana, says that a few weeks ago it was considered almost treason on the part of a Cuban to say he was in favor of annexation, but now it is said and spoken about by Cubans in clubs, in cafés, in the parks and squares, and on the streets. This is especially noticeable among merchants, brokers, bank-ers, clerks, and professional men. * * The press is growing pro-annexation very rapidly. About two months ago a paper was started in Porta Principe, devoted entirely and exclusively to the cause of those favoring annexation. Another one comes out in Havana this month, and another in Santiago. These papers are backed by influential persons, and the an-nounced cause for their existence is the education of the people in favor of annexation. IN this world a fraud and humbug often finds a host of credulous supporters, while a genuine good thing goes begging. Witness the Westinghouse air-brake, which is now to be extensively used in Russia and other coun-tries of Europe, and the "Keely motor." While West-inghouse was trying to borrow money in Philadelphia 