762 AMERICAN SENTINEL. people of the nation not to judge the Mormon people too harshly since they professed humility and promised that they would abandon polygamy out of respect for Ameri-can opinion and would never again countenance the union of church and state. Reports from Utah that they were breaking these pledges and that it was never in-tended to keep them have been received from time to time, but all have felt that the proof must be of the strongest before the nation would be justified in believ-ing it must bring pressure to bear to compel good faith. The time seems to have come, however, whenforbearance is no longer a virtue and when the Mormon problem must be faced without compromise and the Mormon peo-ple taught that Americans will not tolerate plural mar-riage within their country. "The Mormons themselves have given us the convinc-ing proof by sending to Congress an ardent polygamist, one who is thoroughly identified with Mormon interests, and who was elected after fair warning had been given that his triumph would be considered a notice that po lygamy was to be forced 'down the throats of Congress and the American people.' He says he has taken no wives since the anti-polygamy manifesto, but was justi-fied in maintaining his relations with those to whom he had been united before; and that the law against such association adopted by the Mormon legislatureŠlike some Connecticut blue lawsŠis not enforced because there is no sentiment behind it. This contention, how-ever, cannot be admitted, as the Mormon leaders and representatives pledged themselves again and again that the last vestige of the system had been wiped out before statehood was granted and that it should never rise again to plague the nation. "What guaranty have we that the Mormons will obey one part of a statute more than another? If there is no public sentiment requiring the enforcement of a law against cohabitation with polygamous wives what senti-ment will enforce one against the taking of more wives? When Mormon authorities and even the governor of Utah are engaged in flaunting the divinity of the 'celes-tial marriage' system, is it probable that they will long refrain from putting it into execution once more? "It would be an affront to the American people and the Christian churches for Congress to allow Mr. Roberts to hold his seat in the House of Representatives in the face of his plain defiance of the national demands. It seems impossible that some means should not be found of unseating him without trouble under the former anti-polygamy laws, the amnesty proclamation of President Harrison and the enabling act of Utah, and this means should be taken without hesitation. The Mormon peo-ple should be shown that no polygamist will be seated in either house of Congress, as a warning that the nation is prepared to take stern measures against such a prac-tice. Measures should be devised to punish those who do not heed the warning." Mormonism is not "again" a foe; it has been such all the time; and the mistake of the American people was in not recognizing it as such, without polygamy the same as with it. For that mistake they may yet pay dearly. Mistakes made upon such a point are always costly. The nation required the Mormon Church to discon- tinue polygamy and promise that it would never be re-vived. But the promise of a church that maintains a  union with the state is not to.be  trusted. The American people apparently begin to realize that the promise of discarding polygamy is not to be kept, and it will be well if they discern the real reason why Mormonism has proved itself irreconcilable with American government .• Ł -4 -4 The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 15. BY C. H. KESLAKE. WE have seen that Jesus Christ is the Author of reli-gious liberty; that he promulgated this principle, and practiced it himself, thus setting the example to his fol-lowers for all time. And we have seen that people cannot depart from this principle without being arrayed in that thing at least, against God and man. The recognition of this principle means the recogni-tion of the doctrine of separation of the church and the state. It is impossible to unite these two latter without subverting the former. Hence, in clearly-defined lan-guage, we find Christ teaching that church and state should be kept separate. This is found in Matt. 22:21. The facts that led up to the declaration of Christ in this scripture are these: Certain of the pharisees, having counselled how they might entangle Christ in his talk, sent their disciples and the Herodians with the question, "Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar?" Their purpose of course was to get him to answer in the affirmative or negative. It mattered not to them which it should be. If he should say "Yes," then he would be denounced as a friend of the Roman GovernmentŠat the head of which was Cmsar, and the yoke of which the Jews hatedŠand therefore an enemy of the Jewish nation. If on the other hand Christ should answer "No," then he would be de-nounced as the enemy of the Roman Government. In either case the position of Christ would be punishable with death, and to bring this about was the very thing that the pharisees had planned and hoped for. "But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites? Show me the tribute money. And they brought him a penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? They say unto him, Cmsar's. Then saith he unto them, Render there-fore unto Cmsar the things which are Cmsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Thus the Saviour exposed their hypocrisy and made them acknowledge that there were certain things belong-ing to Cmsar which common honesty demanded should be rendered to Cmsar. At the same time Christ told them that they should render to God the things that were God's. What was true then is true now. The things of God and Cmsar cannot be mixed. Confusion would inevitably be the result, the climax being that neither God nor Cmsar would get that which was respectively theirs. Not only is this gospel truth, but common sense teaches it, and history proves it. 