Ti4t,4  AmvIacAN sENTINVI,. 51 principle by which the moral code is barred from our politicalinstitutions. Ideal government has for its end the protection of individual rights, and the promotion of national welfare. The high-est attainment of civil law can never be the morality of a nation, nor of the indi-vidual; for morality is purely a personal matter, and the civil law has nothing to do with the individual as such, but only .as he is associated with others. It has nothing to do with the man who makes an attempt on his own life, but only as he is found effecting his criminal intentions on another. The moral law lies fa-rther back, recognizing the motive which Las inspired the crime, and that alone. Again, the civil law can not be said even to enforce good citizenship, except so far as good citizenship is coincident with jus-tice. It is not good citizenship for one man to defraud another in a one-sided bargain, and yet the civil law demands the fulfillment of that " bargain. In the same way it insures fidelity to an incon-venient promise. Another fact which has an important bearing on the relation which the moral law should sustain to civil government is, that the civil law is not, nor can it be, a prophylactic agency. In other words, it can have nothing to do with the criminal until his crime either has been actually committed or is believed to have been. The reason is obvious. It is manifestly unjust to argue that because malice in one person has led to crime, it will lead to crime in another. Neither can we always argue fr,om what a man believes, to the good or evil in which that belief will terminate. We say that the practice of polygamy is injurious to the best interests of the State. So it is. Here then is the point where civil law can deal with this evil. The fact that a man is a Mormon, and that Mormons have always practiced polygamy, is no reason why Mormons should be considered criminal in the eyes of the civil law. It was charged that the Russian Jews, as a sect, were injurious to the best inter-ests of the Russian State; that they were a nation of usurers who exacted unjust returns, corrupted morals, and had a hundred other unlawful customs, and yet, Christendom regards their expul-sion from the Russian Empire as no less than religious persecution, because, no matter how many crimes may have been committed by Hebrew individuals, it does not follow that all who, profess their creed would have committed the same or like offenses. To the neglect of this ologrious truth may be traced all the great religious,  and civil persecutions of history. Civil government finds its province only in meting out punishment for the actual offense; and when it has fulfilled' its threats civil law has done its work. Whether the man who steals the loaf from the baker's window be a hardened criminal of lifelong experience or the un- fortunate father of a starving child, there can be no discrimination in the eyes of the civil law. There may be a moral dis- tinction between the man who kills his neighbour in cold blood in hope of gain, and the one who desires by that act to relieve society of a dangerous fellow, and yet if there is such a distinction, civil law is blind to it, and justly so. It can not judge of the motives which have led to the crime, except when they are evidenced by action. And never, until our legisla-tive bodies shall possess that wisdom, whereby,with the Almighty, they can read and judge the consciences of men; never, until with an infinite foresight, looking into an unknown future, they can predict unfailingly to what results the different temperaments of men and their diverse environments will lead them, can they throw away the evidences of guilt found in the injury itself, and on the principles of morality, convict the criminal before he has committed his offense. There aro two points of view from which we naturally regard a criminal offense,Šthe evil with which we associate it, and the personal injury which follows as its result. Obviously the former con-stitutes the sin of the action, and the lat-ter we call the crime. In other words, the motive which would influence one to commit an offense, and the resultant act which that motive, right or wrong, will lead the individual to commit are two very different matters, which from a leg-islative standpoint may be considered the respective provinces of Divine and human wisdom. To illustrate this, take the case of a familiar instrument, the stereopticon. The simplest observer is able to judge the merits or defects of the picture which is cast upon the screen. With his sense of harmony he will detect its blemishes or recognize a perfect representation. But it requires a much higher wisdom to judge of the conditions under which the negative will produce a perfect or defi-cient picture; to tell what results will be obtained by the relative light and shade, or the distance of the negative from the lens through which the representation is to be cast. Thus between the thoughts and visible acts of man the lens of his disposition and environment may differ with every individual. The motive which in one case would result in a praiseworthy action, might under other circumstances, known only to the individual and his Maker, lead to a criminal offense; and when man presumes to regulate his penal code to condemn the moral side of life, his actions will find its terminus in noth-ing short of intolerance and religious per- secution. . The moral law defines the duties of men to God. It regards the offense from the standpoint of the transgressor, and not from that of the one against whom the wrong has been committed. In other words, it is everywhere consistent with  the words of the great apostle, " SIN is the transgression of the [divine] law."' Profanity is a sin, but who will presunie to punish profanity except as it reflects positive injury on a second individual 1 Sabbath desecration is a sin. Covetous-ness 19 a sin, but it has nothing to do with criminal law until this sin, cast upon the screen of action, results in the crime of actually taking what is not one's own. Whatever place morality ought to have in molding the minds and opinions of men and statesmen, we can come to no other conclusion than, that, in politics and in the execution of civil law, morality and the law which governs it can have no legal place. W. E. SANDERSON. Ł The Powers of a Commonwealth. WHEN the Roman Church, in the Middle Ages, united with the State and took charge of the conscience of the world, it announced its decrees as the voice of God. But who can now wish for such a condition of things ? Yet he who would advocate that the State ought thus to punish whatever its representatives think to be sin, certainly never could, with propriety, censure the Papal Church for the bloody work it did during the Dark Ages. For it was through the proclamation of this very theory by which she was enabled to gain control of the civil power, and cause it to put to death all whom the Church counted incorrigible sinners; and every heretic was counted such. The New England Puritans man-ifested the same spirit; and so would every class of religionists, of like, belief, upon whom might be thrust a like opportunity. The writer does not take this position be-cause he lacks faith in God, or the power of his grace to help men to do right; but he has no faith in the power of men to control their passions or prejudices, when left to themselves. Besides, history has demonstrated, over and over again, the truthfulness of this statement, and also shown conclusively that the civil power has no right to legislate, in any degree, in the interest of religion and the Church. The truth on this point is very concisely stated by Faustin. Helie, in the "Cyclope-dia of Political Science," under the title " Law" :Š Is it true that moral justice and human justice have a common origin ? Is it true they both have the same mission to fulfill, although using different means and acting in different spheres ? No ; for what moral justice exacts is the expiation of the fault, that is to say, retribution made for the fault committed by the evil inflicted. Is this the mission of social justice ? Has it been delegated by eternal justice to enforce its laws ? Has it the power to exact the expiation of crime ? It has not even the means of proving that expiation has been made; for its vision is short, and its means of ascertaining truth are limited. It can not enter the conscience of the guilty party ; it can not see his motives or his remorse; it can measure neither the degree of the fault nor the degree of expiation; it apprehends the external facts alone. How, then, since it can not determine absolute criminality, can it act the part of divine justice? It proceeds against material 