AMERICAN SENTINEL. 503 it. In the very nature of things, such an assertion could not be true. It is impossible that a person should make any principles a part of his daily practice and experience, and the basis of his daily thought and hopes and aspi-rations, as is done in the practice of religion, without being profoundly affected by them. It cannot be other-wise than that these principles should be absorbed into his very being until they become a part of it, and mold his character into conformity with them. This is a law of nature, as immutable as the law of gravitation. The Word of God declares, "As a manthinketh in his heart, so is he." This declaration is true if God himself is true; and as certainly as it is true, and as certainly as it must be that the character is molded to the principles embodied in the thoughts and practices of the life, so cer-tainly must it be that the principles of the papal religion, faithfully practiced through centuries by the Spanish people, have affected them, have molded their character, and have more than anything else made the Spanish na-tion what it is to-day. This is the plain truth. It is asserted by the laws of nature and by observation; by reason and by revelation. And papal spokesmen cannot deny nor evade it. And therefore the decadence and fall of Spain consti-tute incontestible proof of the worse than worthlessness of the papal religion. No papal apologist will ever be able to say, because it cannot be said, why that religion, if it is worth anything, has brought the Spanish nation where it is to-day. A religion which will not mold the character is worth-less, and therefore it must be admitted that the papal religion, if not impotent, does mold the character, and has molded the character of the Spanish people. They have been faithful to that religion, both in the chureh and the state; and therefore it has done all it can do for them, and what that is may be seen in the utter humilia-tion of Spain today. The same story is told, only less fully, by the other faithful Catholic nations. Austria is to day a decaying and crumbling empire; and FranceŠwhat prosperous nation envies her? Crushed to the ground with paralyz-ing swiftness in 1870, she has ever since showed signs of weakness rather than of strength. And the republics of Spanish America are emerging into the light of civil and intellectual freedom only as they are shaking off the long nightmare of priestly domination. Who that is not wilfully blind can fail to recognize these facts? And why will people be blind to truths so palpable, and fail to be admonished by them to be vig-ilantly on their guard against the encroachments of Rome? PROPER legislation restrains man only in that which is criminal. THE best way to honor the flag is to live out the principles for which it stands. The True and the False Principle of Government?. BY E. J. WAGGONER. AFTER the death of King Solomon and the accession of Rehoboam, the people came to the new king and said: `*Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee." The king "consulted with the old men" and they gave wise counsel, saying, "If thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day, and wilt serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for ever." Then the king "consulted with the young men that were grown up with him" and they recommended this reply: "My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins." The new king followed the counsel of the young men and threatened the people with heavier burdens than his father had imposed upon them. The two replies well represent the difference between the principles of the kingdom of light and the kingdom of darkness. "If thou wilt be a servant unto this peo-ple," said the old men, and this was the principle upon which GOd in Jesus Christ deals with the rebellious world. "Behold my Servant whom I uphold." "I am among you as he that serVeth." "Whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant." Thus does he who is King of kings and Lord of lords relate himself to those whom he would win as his loyal subjects. In marked contrast with this is that arbitrary spirit which would seek to-crush under an iron heel every one who should raise a voice against oppression. The one would win by self-sac-rifice, the other would drive by an increase of arbitrary power. But instead of being terrified into submission by the threats uttered, the people were driven into open revolt:. "What portion have we in David? neither have we inher-itance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, 0 Israel: now see to thine own house, David." When the tax-gatherer came among them, "all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died." "So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day." Thus by disunion and division was the way being prepared for the downfall of the nation and their captivity. He who considers the situation among the nations of the earth to-day cannot fail to see the working of the same influences which brought disaster to Solomon's kingdom. There are nations where the people are groan-ing under the burden of debt and taxation, and yet their protests, not always wisely made (as in the recent riots in Italy), are met with a display of military power, and no hope is held out that the condition of affairs will be improved. The ruling powers have in many cases so far repudiated the principles of truth and righteousness that there is no surefoundation upon which to build any hope of future reform. The time is near when "all these things 