186 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ernment; instead of the people looking to themselves for the government they look to the Government for government itself, as well as for everything else; and the only possible outcome is an unmitigated despotism. And the despotism will be none the less real, and none the less cruel, though it be by many rather than by one. In Rome there was a despotism of the many long before there was a despotism of one. In a government of the people, and Rome was first a government of the people, it is impossible to be otherwise. In a government of the people there must be a despotism of the many before there can possibly be a despotism of one. And when there is a despotism of the many, it is only a question of time when there will be a despotism of one. The gradation is first of the many, next of a few, then, and last, of one. Only in the freedom of the many, is there free government. In this view we touch the main point of the letter of our Iowa friend, in his re-mark that he and THE SENTINEL " differ widely in our opinion of what constitutes American principles." Yes, we do. Al-though we both speak of government of the people, we differ widely as to what constitutes a government of the people according to American principles. The American principle is not merely a gover-ment of the people, but a free government of the people; while the principle of our friend from Iowa and the Farmers' Alli-ance is that of a despotic goverment of the peopleŠa government of the people according to the paternal and despotic principles of the Roman government of the people. The true and American idea of a government of the people is self-govern-mentŠthe government of the individual by the individual; the Roman paternal Farmers' Alliance idea of government of the people is government of many by many, by a few or by one. The Ameri-can principle is self-help and governmental protection. The Roman or Farmers' Alli-ance principle is governmental help and self protection or no protection at all. Our friend in this city, upon a miscon-ception of the exact situation justifies the doings of Rome in this particular, in the following words :Š Now let us go to Rome. Where did those men who had large estates get them ? By what power did they hold them ? What alone gave them value ? In the first place they were granted to them by the government, that is by some sort of government; they held them by the power of the government ; and it was the protection afforded by government that made it possible for them to use the lands for agri-cultural purposes. They both held the lands and cultivated them by injustice and oppression; they were simply robbers of the poor people; they were simply highwaymen extorting, by color of law, labor and other things of value from those who had Ł no power to resist them. Instead of doing a wrong the emperors who sought to correct this state of affairs did just the right thing, only they did not go far enough. And the fact that they failed because of the low moral condition of the people, and the natural greed of mankind, is not a valid argument against that which they tried to do. Clearly our friend has misconceived the situation. First, What he speaks of as having been done by the emperors, was not done by them. This work was all past before the emperor came in fact, though the first step in it involved the emperor who afterward did come in fact. Secondly, The land was not " granted " to those who held it, in the common ac-ceptation of the term, and as we suppose the word is here used. The land was pub-lic land. It belonged to the State, and was still really possessed by the State, and was rented to these occupants for a stated annual revenue. And the occupiers of the land held it under formal contract, and for a consideration. The only flaw in the tenure was that some of the renters occu-pied more land than an ancient law al-lowed; and even this flaw was rather tech-nical than real because the law was obso-lete, it had in fact fallen into complete and " innocuous desuetude." And it was here revived and enforced, just as our old and forgotten Sunday-laws now are upon occas-ion, when some special advantage is to be gained by it. Thirdly, From these facts it is evident that it cannot justly be said that they held the lands and cultivated them by injustice and oppression; nor that they were high-waymen robbing the poor people, etc., who had no power to resist them. The land was of no use whatever to the State, un-less the State could receive some revenue from it. For this reason it was rented, and the revenue from the rental went to the States  that is to the people, for the government was of the people. And in-stead of the people having no power to resist this " oppression," they had power to resist it, they did resist it, and abol-ished it, and gave away the land to some of themselves for no return whatever. And then it was soon demonstrated that the former system had been one of neither oppression nor robbery of the people, be-cause from the very beginning the most of those to whom the land was given were so dissatisfied that they actually sold out their holdings to the very capitalists who had formerly occupied the lands. The others lived beyond their means, got into debt, mortgaged their holdings, and then had to let them go, on the mortgage, so that in a very few years all the public lands were again held by the very capital-ists from whom they had been taken. And more than this they were now held by these men, and were worked for absolutely no return to the State, whereas they had formerly paid an annual rental. So that the only tangible point of this proceeding was to deprive the State, and therefore the people, of a certain fixed `annual revenue and therefore to make the burdens of the people heavier than they were before. The same thing was gone through with again and again, and each successive time with worse results both to the govern- ment as such, and to the people as individ-uals, developing more and more the des-potism of the many, till it was merged in a despotism of threeŠthe first triumvirate Šwhich ended in the despotism of one, whom they murdered, which was followed immediately again by a despotism of three Šthe second triumvirateŠwhich ended again in the despotism of oneŠCiesar A ugustusŠand the final establishment of the imperial despotism, the most horrible civil despotism that ever was, and which continued until Constantine and the polit-ical bishops turned it into the most hor-rible religious despotism that ever was. That was the end of that story then and there, and the perfect likeness to it will be the end of this story now and here. And this answers the query of one of our correspondents, as to what business has THE SENTINEL, a religious paper, to touch this question which is political. We are persuaded that THE SENTINEL has not mistaken its calling, nor spent its efforts in vain in this respect. THE SEN-TINEL is a religious paper, that is true, and it exists for the sole purpose of exposing to the American people the movement for the establishment of a religious despotism here, after the model of the Papacy. But no religious despotism can ever be established over a free people. It were lit-erally impossible to establish a religious despotism over the royal freemen who made the Declaration of Independence and the American Constitution. This gradual but steady perversion and subversion of the genuine principles of this Government as established by our fore-fathers, this steady inculcating of the prin-ciples of paternalism, is but sowing the seeds of a despotismŠwhether of the many, of the few, or of one, it matters notŠwhich at the opportune moment will be joined by the political preachers, and out of the wicked alliance thus formed there will come the religious despotism in the perfect likeness of the one which was be-fore, and against which the continuous efforts Of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL have ever been and ever shall be directed. And that is the reason, and the only reason, yet reason enough, why THE SEN-TINEL, a religious paper, touches this otherwise political qUestion. We are inclined to agree with our friend of this city, that the government of Rome, in the case referred to, did just the right thing," according to the principles of that government. But " the right thing " was the wrong thing, because the principle of the government was wrong. It was the paternal principle, and the right thing for a paternal government to do is the wrong thing for any government to do, because no government should be paternal. This brings us to the one chief point which all three of our correspondents make, and upon which they all three agree. As expressed by our friend of this 