AMERICAN SENTINEL. 133 have continued the work of creation would have been a sin, but for the good reason that it was all done. The word, however, continued to work in upholding that which it had created. All the works of God since that time (so far at least as this earth is concerned) are sim-ply to uphold or to restore, and the works which he does for us and through us are to the same effect. Keeping the Sabbath of the Lord is simply the absolute resting in God's finished work, and allowing him to put them into us. The absolute ceasing from all our own works on the seventh day,Šfrom everything by which we may get gain,Šis an indication of our trust in God for "life, and breath, and all things." If one dare not trust God to keep him if he should rest on what is to all the world (and even the greater part of the professed Christian world,) the busiest day of the week, how can he per-suade himself that he is trusting God for eternity? Anglo-Saxon Government in India. IN justification of the " expansion " policy it was mentioned by the attorney-general of the United States in a recent speech, that "we belong to a race that has governed India." This was a pertine-it remark, but its real bearing on the subject is quite different from that intended by the speaker. The governing of India, ethically considered, casts no glory upon the fact that "we" belong to the race that has done it, and affords no justification for a policy of following in their steps. In "Around the World with General Grant," a book published by the late Mr. John Russell Young, well known as an official of the Government, are mentioned some facts connected with the administration of gov-ernment in India which may be cited in evidence upon this point. A description is given of the methods em ployed by the British government for keeping the Hin-doos in subjection. The occasion observed by Mr. Young when these methods were put into operation, was that of the flight of an unarmed native regiment of infantry, after one of their number had murdered an English major. He says:Š "The Twenty-sixth Native Infantry had been dis-armed in May and kept under guard. On July 30 some madman in the regiment killed the major. The author of this murder was a favorite named Prakash Pandy, who rushed out of his hut, called upon his comrades to rise, and, seeing the major, killed him. The sergeant-major was also slain The Twenty-sixth had served with distinction in many campaigns, notably in the Afghan campaign of 1842. It was thought that the fugatives would run south to Delhi to join the king. "But they took a northern direction, away from the war, anxious to reach Cashmere, to be out of India. They had no guns. There was a drenching rain, and the country was almost flooded. The troops came up with them, shooting 150 and driving them into the river, drowned inevitably, 'too weakened and famished, as they must have been after their 40 miles' flight, to battle with the flood.' The main body escaped, swimming and floating to an island, where they might be descried crouching like a brood of wild fowl. Mr. Cooper started out to capture them." The men were captured, and the British officer pro-ceeded to deal with them:Š "The doomed men, with joined palms, the Flindoo attitude of entreaty, crowded into the boats and were brought on shore. 'In utter despair forty or fifty dashed into the stream and, disappeared.' No order was given to fire, and the fugitives, says Mr. Cooper in a spirit of playfulness, became possessed of a sudden and insane idea that they were going to be tried by a court-martial after some luxurious refreshment.' "So they were brought on shore, one by one, tightly bound, their decorations and necklaces ignominiously cut off. 'Some begged that their women and children might be spared, and were informed that the British Government did not condescend to war with women and children.' They were marched to the town, 'the gracious moon,' Mr. Cooper informing us, coming out through the clouds, and reflecting herself in myriad pools and streams to 'light the prisoners to their fate.' " They arrived at midnight. Next morning at day-break Mr. Cooper took his seat. He had 282 prisoners, besides numbers of camp followers. He sent his Moham-medan troops, fearing they might hesitate to shoot Mohammedans, to a religious festival, and, alone with his 'faithful Sikhs,' proceeded to do justice. Ten by ten,' says Mr. Cooper, 'the Sepoys were called forth. Their names having been taken down in succession, they were pinioned, linked together, and marched to execu-tion, a firing party being in readiness. Every phase of deportment,' says Mr. Cooper, in a critical, observant spirit, 'was manifested by the doome i men, after the sullen firing of volleys of distant musketry forced the conviction of inevitable deathŠastonishment, rage, frantic despair, the most stoic calmness.'" Of the demeanor of the men as they passed by the commanding officer to execution, it is said:Š "Others again petitioned to be allowed to make one last salana to the sahib. About 150 having been thus executed, one of the executioners swooned away (he was the oldest of the firing party), and a little rest was al-lowed. Then, proceeding, the number had arrived at 237, when the district officer was informed that the re-mainder refused to come out of the bastion, where they had been imprisoned temporarily a few hours before. Expecting a mob and resistance, preparations were made against escape, but little expectation was entertained of the real and awful fate which had fallen on the remainder of the mutineers. They had anticipated by a few short hours their doom. The doors were opened, and, behold, they were nearly all dead. Unconsciously the tragedy of the Black Hole had been re-enacted. "No cries had been heard during the night in conse-quence of the hubbub, tumult, and shouting of horse-men, police tehseel guards, and excited villagers. Forty-five bodies dead from fright, exhaustion, fatigue, heat, and partial suffocation were dragged into light and consigned, in commonlwith the other bodies, into one 