Equal and &xact jtW,ice to all Men, of Whatever state or Versuabion, 'Religious or Volitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 15, 1892. NUMBER 36. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NSW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. IT has always been the boast of the American citizen that this was the land of the free, and a refuge for the oppressed of all nations. The persecuted and down-trodden of the world have been encour-aged to seek a haven here. The United States has made itself the apostle to the whole earth of equality before the law to all men. The people of the world have heard. They believed. Š0Š TIRE gospel of unalienable rights found many believers. The doctrine that the true purpose of government is to secure these rights to men found numerous up-holders. The idea that it was from the consent of the governed that governments derived their just powers was like a vision of Paradise regained. It is not to be wondered at, that increasing millions sought to realize for themselves the bless-ings of this later Eden in the New World. Š0Š FOR a hundred years the United States preached these principles, and, in the cases of the immigrants who grasped the outstretched hand of brotherhood ex-tended to them, it practiced the princi-ples which it preached. Colonial ecclesias-ticism was but a memory. Neither tol-erance nor intolerance ruled, but equity and equality were the watchwords of the state. All were welcome, and equally welcome. The invitation was without re-serve to all,ŠCome ! They heard, they answered, they came. Š0Š THE invitation has gone out; the multi-tudes have come from Europe, the East, -  the far East. They continue to come. Are they still welcome? If they are not still welcome, why is it that they are not? The Chinese exclusion act, and the extra-ordinary precautions of the Government for its enforcement, prove conclusively to the Oriental that he is no longer welcome. The late statutory discriminations against alien labor, and the method of the application of the foreign contract la-bor law, are more than a hint to the European masses that they are no longer wanted here. What is the occasion of such a complete change in policy as this? This Nation has lately made a judicial profession of Christianity. Is the reason for this coincident change in foreign pol-icy to be found in that ? THE conversion of the Nation to Chris-tianity was accomplished through a de-cree of the Supreme Court. The decision, in which the Nation made :its public pro- Ł fession of religion, also acknowledged the binding force and propriety of an alien labor law of which the purpose was to discriminate against foreign workingmen, and in favor of resident laborers. But the plea was made, that, because this was a Christian Nation, it must necessarily be contrary to its policy to exclude Christian ministerial or missionary laborers. In the very profession itself of our national re-ligion there is found this serious anomaly. It has heretofore been the policy of this country, humane, generous, just, to dis-criminate 'against none, but gladly share with all the blessings of a free Govern-ment, atd the wider opportunities for the pursuit of happiness which this coun-try has afforded. If the religious pro-fessions, which this country has made, have been made in perfect candor and good faith, why is there this incongruity? Š0-- IN the Gospel of St. Matthew it is re-lated, that, as Christ sat upon the Mount of Olives, his disciples came privately to him and asked what would be the signs of his second coming, and of the end of the world. When he had given them the evidences of its near approach, and as- sured them that the day and hour was known, and would be known, to none, not even the angels, only the Father alone,Š then he counseled them to be always in readiness for that great event, and spoke to them in beautiful parables, closing his discourse with a terse description of the final examination of the righteous and the unrighteous. He said to them, that, when he should come again in all his glory with the holy angels about him, all nations would be gathered before him, and he should divide the righteous from the un-righteous, and set the one on his right hand and the other on his left. The right-eous he would call " blessed of my Fa-ther," and say to them that they should come to their inheritance,Što the king-dom that had been prepared for them since before the foundations of the world were laid. But the unrighteous he would call, " cursed," and order them from him into the fire prepared for the devil and his angels. To the one,Šthe second death; to the other,Šlife eternal ! With a direct-ness to be understood by the simplest, he gave his reasons for making this distinc-tion. Š0Š To those to whom he gave the heritage of eternal life, he said that it was theirs because they had given him food when hungry, water to drink when athirst; had clothed him when naked and cold; vis-ited him when sick and in prison; and, when a stranger they had received him gladly. But as for the others, when he had been hungry, they had not fed him; when he had thirsted, they had not given him drink; they had not clothed him when cold and naked ; when he was in prison and sick they had not visited and comforted him; when he came a stranger among them, they had shut the door upon him. When they both alike disclaimed hav-ing done, or having failed to do, all this to him personally, he said to them that as they had done this to the least of his 