AMERICAN SENTINEL. 167 Serious Thoughts About the United States. BY D. T. BOURDEA17. (A. Frenchman.) DOES ITS WEALTH BETOKEN-  GOOD TIMES? THE immense wealth of the United States does not, of itself, betoken good times to that nation. The his-tory of past nations shows that, generally speaking, with them, great wealth meant effeminacy and extor-tion on the part of the rich; dissatisfaction, complaints of injustice, setting forth claims for rights and just dues, and uprisings, on the part of those in cramped circumstances struggling for a livelihood; more vice, more corruption, and more crimes; jealousies of other powers and foreign intervention; impending national ruin. This was the state of things with ',the antediluvians just before ruin came upon them. They were buried up with the things of time and sense, and reaching out after wealth until the very day that Noah entered into the ark; and of them the Lord said at that time, "The earth is filled with violence." Gen. 6:13. See also Matt. 24:37-39; Luke 17:26, etc. The same was true of the Sodomites before their destruction. Of Sodom it is written: "Fulness of bread and abundance of idleness was in her, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy." Eze. 16:49. The same was true of the Jews when God's avenging hand was about to be wielded against them through foreign powers. Even their priests and rulers were greedy after earthly riches, were "companions of thieves," oppressed the needy and turned a deaf ear to their cries. Christ showed his dis-approval of such a course by the brisk use of chords as means of lashing guilty speculators. John 2:13-16. Read also Isa. 1:23; 56:10-12; Jer. 7:9; Heb. 2:5-13, etc. It was when the Medes and Persians rolled in wealth and luxury that 640,000 of them were defeated in battle at Arbela by only 48,000 Greeks, and that the MedoŁ Persian Empire was replaced by the Greek Empire, the Greeks at that time being less wealthy, more industri-' ous, stronger physically, more hardy and more virtu-ous than the Medo-Persians. The great wealth of the Roman' Empire, acquired through injustice, oppression and cruelty, and perverted in its use, greatly helped to abase it in the scale of morality; and the union of church and state in that empire caused its overthrow. IS IT A GOOD BASIS FOR CIVILIZING An..) CHRISTIANIZING OTHERS? Nor should civilizing and Christianizing others be made an excuse for departing from right principles.;  A civilization and Christianization that are the out-growth of going against principles of justice and equity must be shallow indeed, not to say disgraceful to true civilization and genuine Christianity. The plea of ad- vancing others in civilization by usurping their terri-tory and depriving them of their natural rights(' is be-coming quite popular with so-called Christian nations; but this plea was never made by Christ and his apostles. Christianity, pure, unadulterated, is the greatest civil-izer in the world. Indeed, there can be no true civiliza-tion independently of the principles of Christianity, which have been embraced in the one plan of salvation ever since its establishment. But true Christianity wins by love and never deprives men of their natural rights nor forces conscience by the use of cruel and compulsory measures. A Christianity that does this is a misnomer. It is based on selfishness, hatred, envy, and revenge, and is the greatest enemy to true civilization. God can carry out his wise designs in spite of it, but he can never approve it. To day it keeps millions of our race who grope their way in the mists of heathenism, from em-bracing genuine Christianity and advancing in true civilization. IS IT ANTIPATRIOTIC? IS IT TREASON? Is it antipatriotic and breathing the spirit of trea-son, even from the standpoint of true Americans, to stand by the noble principles on which the American Republic was formed? What is patriotism from this point of view? The word patriotism, comes, from the Latin word pater, which means father. In this case, one truly patriotic would be one who would agree with the fathers of the first American Republic, who vindi-cated the principles of civil and religious freedom and of complete separation of church and state. Therefore for, an American to oppose these principles of liberty, would be branding himself as antipatriotic. And is it not strictly true that Americans who by word and deed oppose the fundamental principles of the Republic of the United States are the very ones who breathe the spirit of treason, while Americans who stand by those principles are justly entitled to full and complete exon-eration from the unjust charge of breathing the spirit and of being guilty of treason, and should be com-mended for their unwavering fidelity to the government to which they belong? Being true to the righteous laws and principles of the government to which one belongs, is the best evi-dence of true patriotism and of antagonism with the spirit of treason. Civil liberty goes hand in hand with religious liberty, and civil bondage goes hand in hand with religious bond-age; and when a government that has, more than all others, professed and carried out before the world the principles of civil and religious'liberty, and has for this reason prospered beyond every other nation under the sun and been admired and praised by lovers of liberty in every landŠwhen we say, a 'government that has done this and that has thus prospered, so seriously departs from the very principles to which it owes its existence and unparalleled prosperity, goes back on its profession and principles so far as to deny that all men 