Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,--Thomas e erson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 25, 1889. NUMBER 35, J1712e An2ePicar2 gel2tir2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. No man 'acquires any additional right under civil government by becoming, a Christian. THE religious legislationists declare that "It is grand larceny to take away the toilers' weekly rest-day." Even if that were true, nobody can commit such larceny, because nobody can take away the toilers' weekly rest-day. Every man can have his rest-day who wants it bad enough to take it; and nobody can take it away from him. So nobody can ever commit any such larceny. But if it be grand larceny to take from the toiler his rest-day which nobody can do, then what is it for the government, under pains and penalties, to take away from the industrious citizen his work day, which these people by their Sunday law pro-pose to do. Because, from the man who has-taken his weekly rest-day on another day than Sunday, they intend to have the government to take away one of his work days. They propose under cover of governmental power to rob such a man of one-sixth Of his income as a tribute to their ideas of the sacredness of Sunday. This is not only grand larceny in fact, it is so with tyr-anny added. IN a recent lecture on the question of Home Rule in Ireland, Prof. J. P. Mahaffy, of Dublin University, made a most important distinction between Catholicism. and -Protestantism, which it would be well for all to bear in mind. He had made the statement that Home Rule in Ireland meant Roman Catholic supremacy, and that that meant persecution. -Ł He then noticed the charge that Protestantism also has persecuted, which he frankly admitted, stating that those who attempted to deny it did themselves and their cause an injustice; but, said he, " When the Catholic Church persecutes, she persecutes according to her own principles, and when the Protestant per, secutes, he persecutes against his own principles." This is indeed a most important distinction,' from which it follows that when the Protestant persecutes he adopts Catholic principles, and ceases to be Protestant. Now apply this to the National Reform Sunday movement. We find that wherever National Reform principles have been carried out, as in Arkansas and Tennessee, and Sunday laws have been enforced, there has been most bitter, malignant, and wicked persecu- tion. And it is a fact that has never been denied by the leaders of the National Reform movement, that the enforcement of the Sunday laws in those States is strictly in accordance with solmalled National Reform principles. No paper published in the interests 'of legal Sunday observance has ever disavowed one feature of that abominable and un-American persecution. Therefore we are justified in our assertion that the Sunday move-ment as set forth by the National Reform Asso-ciation, the American Sabbath Union, etc., is opposed to every principle of Protestantism.; that every true Protestant will oppose the move-ment; and that he who, does not oppose it, or at least does not withhold his assent from it, has no right to call himself a Protestant. "It Is Indeed a Union." IN the Missouri Sunday-law convention Rev. Mr. Tatlow said :Š " Neither the civil power as God's ordinance, nor the civil ruler as God's minister, within its special province, has any authority as such, to make void any of the ten commandments, whether by neglect in en-forcing them or by indifference to their authority and claims. At this point, the party of civil policy pro-tests and cries out that this is uniting Church and State. The Christian replies, it is indeed a union, but only so far as two separate jurisdictionsŠthe one spirit-ual and primary; and the other secular and secondary Šexercise each one its own appropriate authority, within its own individual province, to secure a two-fold good to the twofold life of man. This union, therefore, is like the union of the spiritual in man acting conjointly with the body of man, the body being brought under and kept in subjection to the spiritual." That is precisely such a union of Church and State as the Papacy advocates. The statement is almost word for word, as is the statement of the papal claims on the same point. The papal claim is, that the two powers in the world are the spiritual and the secular. That the spiritual is the church, and the temporal is the State. That the spiritual is superior to the temporal, and, as in the body man's temporal concern must be sub- ject to the spiritual, so in the world the temporal power must be subject to the spiritual. The State must be subject to the church; and the temporal power, the State, must be brought under and kept in subjection to the spiritual, the church. And therefore, the Pope as head of the spiritual power is superior to kings who are the heads of the tem-poral. Consequently, all civil rulers must be sub-ject to the Pope. There is not a shadow of difference between the papal theory and this so distinctly set forth by Mr. Tatlow. It is indeed a union. A union of the most vital sort, a union as close as is the union of the spiritual and the physical in map. And this is the deliberate view set forth in a written essay by a representative speaker in the Missouri State convention which was called to organize, and which did organize, a State Sabbath Union -auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union, and at which the field secretary of the American Sab-bath Union was present. Mr. Tatlow's view of this relationship, however, is not at all distinct in principle from that stated by the American Sab-bath Union- himself. He puts it up under the il-lustration of the two arms of the body, the relig-ious being the right arm and the civil being the left arm. Mr. Tatlow only more clearly ex-presses how closely and intimately the two arms are expected to act together. And how the left 'arm is to be guided by the right arm, and kept in subordination to it. Ł And then in the face of these plain statements of their own they will still put on an air of innocence injured almost to holy -martyrdom, when we say to the people that tin Sunday-law movement bears in itself a union of. Church and State, with all that history shows that that term implies. We have known all the time that it is indeed a union in which the spiritual is intended to be primary and the secular secondary. We have known all the time that it is indeed a union in which the secular authority is to be brought un-der and kept in subjection to the spiritual. This is what the SENTINEL has been telling the people for these four years. And now it comes forth plainly in their own words. And yet we doubt not that when we thus print it, and send it forth, that they will again deny that they intend to bring about a union of Church and State, or that their movement has any tendency whatever in that direction. A. T. J. A Sunday-law Conviction-in- Georgia. THE following is from the Atlanta Constitution of August 30 :Š The conviction in Forsyth County of a man named Conklin, who was charged with chopping wood on Sunday, has created a decided sensation among the Seventh-day Adventists in Georgia. The announcement of the conviction was made in the Constitution yesterday. Rev. J. 0. Corliss was in Atlanta yesterday and talked at length about the case. "The witnesses testified," said he, "that they saw him chopping saplings just back of his house, but did not know what he was chopping them for. On being questioned, one of them said he lived within one hundred and fifty yards of the defendant's house, but had never seen him work on Sunday before. And yet he *as convicted by a jury of twelve men and fined $25 and costs, amounting in all to $46.80. "Now, in the ordinary course of events it would not be strange to fine a man convicted for viola- 