THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 235 diction of Congress, They trump up this District bill with the hope of getting Congress committed to the legislation with less difficulty than by the national bill, because the attention of the people is not so much turned to it. Then having by the District bill got Congress committed to such legislation, they intend to rally every influence to secure the passage of the national bill; and then they propose to go on in their " roping in" career until they have turned this Nation into a Gov-ernment of God, with themselves as the repositories of his will. - Mr. Heard.ŠIs there any reference to that letter in that book from which you have been reading ? Mr. Jones.ŠNo, sir. I pasted it on the margin of this book merely for conveni-ence of reference along with the " gener-ous" proposition of his " Brother Crafts." All this shows that the intent of the makers and promoters of this bill is to subvert the constitutional rights of the people. The intent of the law-maker is the law. As, therefore, by their own words,, the intent of this exemption clause is to stop all effort to teach or to persuade people to keep the Sabbath instead of Sunday; as the intent of the body of the bill is to compel all to keep Sunday who do not keep the Sabbath; and as the in-tent of both together is to " scoop all in " and " make sure work," it follows inevit-ably, and my proposition is demonstrated, that the promoters of this legislation do distinctly contemplate the taking away of the right to observe the Sabbath in this Nation, and to allow the keeping of Sun- day only. A. T. J. The Civil Sabbath in Europe. THE Sunday agitation is not confined to this country. Indeed, it is almost world-wide; but outside our own country and Canada, it has recently received most attention in France, Germany, Hungary, and Spain. In all these countries Sun-day has been the subject of legislative action. Official action in these several countries has not been uniform, but the first three named agreed substantially that all em-ployes should be entitled to one day in seven for rest. In. France and Hungary the selection of the day is left to the em-ployer; he is simply required to allow those in his employ one day each week; in Germany that day is Sunday. The mat-ter is still pending in Spain, but the issue in that priest-ridden country is not doubt-ful, and Sunday will be named in the bill as it is in Germany. In the French Chamber of Deputies a strong effort was made to designate Sun-day as the rest day, but some of the deputies insisted that for physical rest one day is just as good as another, and that the Government could not properly be influenced by religious considerations. The friends of Sunday in France are  however not discouraged. Like their fel-lows in this country they are willing to take what they can get in the direction of Sunday, hoping for more presently. " We may hope," wrote the late Dr. Pres-sense, shortly before his death, " that the final victory will not be long delayed." And from certain indications it would seem that he was not too sanguine. The Roman Catholic Archbishop of Paris has recently published a pamphlet on what he calls " The Sunday Crusade," in which he takes strong ground in favor of distinct governmental recognition of Sunday. In Europe as in this country the friends of a " civil Sabbath " demand a seventh day of rest for the workingman; but when that has been secured on a purely civil basis as in France and Hungary, they are not satisfied, and demand as they are doing in both those countries that Sunday be designated as the day. The fact is, that the whole movement is relig-ious; the civil covering is only a mask to hide the illicit connection thus formed between Church and State. They may call it what they will, but the whole thing, whether in Europe or America, is a move-ment to enforce by civil power the observ- ance of a religious day. C. P. B. The Importance of Maintaining Our Principles. ONE of the best evidences of a politi-cally enlightened nation, of a people who appreciate their liberties, is that they are characterized by a jealous regard for the fundamental principles of liberty in their very widest application. Patrick Henry's memorable resolution in the Virginia As-sembly in 1765, in opposition to the Stamp Act, asserting that the people of Virginia were not' bound to obey any law enacted in disregard of their fundamental pi in-ciples, will never be forgotten by the American people. It is a fundamental idea, lying at the very foundation of our American political system. It is no indi-cation of high political development to object to governmentalism when it has gone so far as to destroy our property and endanger our lives; but it is an indi-cation of high development when wrongs are opposed before oppression begins; when evils and abuses are nipped in the bud; when the tyrant (figuratively speak-ing) is handicapped while concocting his schemes. John Fisk aptly states this idea in his work on the American Revolution, just published. Speaking of the State of the American mind during the revolutionary period, he says :Š It is one signal characteristic of the progress, of political civilization that the part played by sheer brute force in a barbarous age is fully equalled by the part played by the mere covert threat of in-justice in a more advanced age. The effect which a blow in the face would produce upon a barbarian will be wrought upon a civilized man by an asser-tion of some far-reaching legal principle, which  only in a subtle and ultimate analysis includes the possibility of a blow in the face.ŠPage 71. This farsightedness, this understanding of the ultimate results of governmental acts (whether such results are direct or merely incidental) has been a character-istic of our greatest statesmen both in the Revolutionary and Secessionary periods. The great Lincoln in one of his earlier speeches emphasized the importance of maintaining American principles in all their integrity. In his speech on the " Great Southern Mail " contract, he said : I admit it [a claim for a few dollars] is very small; and if nothing else were involved, it would not be worth the dispute. But there is a principle involved. . . . If I had no apprehensions that the ghost of this yielding would rise and appear in various distant places, I would say, Pay the money and let us have no more fuss about it. But I have such apprehensions. ŠBarrett's Life and Speeches of Lincoln (1865), page 88. It is the " ghosts " that the American people must look out for. In our modern religio-political agitations, it is not so much the actual harm that would be done by a tax for a small sectarian appro-priation, not so much the possible evil of a few minutes being taken up in the morn-ing in our schools for religious instruc-tion, not so much the real hardship caused by the first comparatively mild form of Sunday law, as it is the reappearance of these violations of American principles in more numerous and more aggravated cases. It is not the material loss, bnt the danger to our libertiesŠmore valuable than all the world besideŠfor which we must be on the constant lookout. It is hard for some people to understand this. If Sabbatarian Christians and Jews are not immediately thrown into prison as a result of Sunday legislation, Sunday ad-vocates can not understand why they should oppose Sunday laws; or if a furor is not immediately caused by, and objec-tion raised against public prayer in our free schools, some good intentioned people can not see why it is not all right to have public praying there (and this lack of perception is seen in some, too, who hold that it is wrong in principle, and should only be tolerated when no objection is made). It was hard for the English Govern-ment in the Revolutionary period to see that it was their violations of principle, not the actual hardship imposed upon the Americans, that caused the war of inde-pendence. The Americans tried hard enough to impress that fact upon the British mind, but all in vain. In refer-ence to the Stamp Act, John Fisk says :Š It marks the inferiority of the mother country to the Colonies in political development, at that time, that the only solicitude as yet entertained by the British official mind, with regard to this measure, seems to have been concerned with the question how far the Americans would be willing to part with their money. With the Americans it was as far as possible from being a question of pounds, shillings, and pence; but this was by no means correctly understood in England.ŠAmer-ican Revolution, page 16. 