JANUAR/ 4, 1894. .A.M1d, RICAN a of the Federal Government, the exemption of Sunday from their working days, the subscription, " In the year of our Lord " are a recognition of God and imply that the Lord Jesus Christ is the turning point of hu-manity, the source and beginning of a new order. ONCE more : The Supreme Court also cited the Declaration of Independence as proof that this is a Christian nation. Pro- fessor O'Gorman follows to the same ex-treme, and then declares that the Catholic Church is the foundation of it all. Here are his words :Š Look at the fundamental articles, the formative principles of the Republic,Š" All men are created equal ; they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; to secure these, govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.' These are Christian principles asserting God, creation, the rights of the creature, and by implication the duties that are correlative to those rights. To these principles the Catholic Church gave an impregnable foundation when in the council of Trent, she defined that reason is not totally obscured, and will is not totally depraved. Then in his closing sentences he sums up all, covers the whole ground, and swallows up everything into the Catholic Church, as follows :Š Our roots are in the good, our up-growth must needs be toward the better. The affirmation of any one truth, logically followed out, leads to the knowl-edge and affirmation of all truth. The American Republic began in the affirmation of certain funda-mental evident truths of reason; our dominant ten-dency, therefore, the law of our progression, is toward complete truth, if we but remain true to the spirit that called us into being, and still, thank God, animates our present living. We believe that divine Providence led to the discov-ery of this continent and directed its settlement and guided the birth of this nation, for a new and more complete application to political society of the truths affirmed by reason and Christian revelation, for the upbuilding of a nation as great religiously as it is politically, of a nation that shalt find its perfection in Catholic Christianity. With that freedom allowed every speaker in this parliament of religions, I affirm my sincere conviction that Catholic Christianity is the fullness of truth, natural and supernatural, rational and revealed; that Catholic Christianity is the strong-est bulwark of law and order in this Republic. If ever our country should fail and fall, it is not from the Catholic Church that shall come the shout of triumph at the failure and the fall, for never has she had a fairer field of work than the United States of America. THUS Rome sets herself forward as the end and all, and hers the prior and supi eine right, in all things pertaining to this union of " religion and the State " in this " Christian nation." And the blindness of professed Protestants and of the Su-preme Court has given her the complete legal, legislative, and governmental basis for all her claims. And we say again that there is not one person in the National Reform combination, nor in the whole combination together; not one member of the Supreme Court, nor yet the whole court _together; who can successfully dis-pute the argument or the claim Rome is now making upon the foundation which they themselves have so surely laid for her. And so we and they see fulfilled to-day before the eyes of the whole nation, that which we have all the time told them, that they were only playing into the hands of Rome. To-day Rome is profiting by that in which the National Reformers have always fondly hoped they themselves might be profited. Ł AND Rome knows it; and all these as-sumptions and logical claims from National Reform, and Supreme Court, premises, arguments, and declarations, she also backs up with the publicly announced plan of Leo XIII, with respect to the United States and through this for Europe and "all humanity," as follows :Š In his [Pope Leo's] view, the United States has  reached the period when it becomes necessary to bring about the fusion of all the heterogeneous elements in one homogeneous and indissoluble nation. . . . It is for this reason that the pope wants the Catholics to prove themselves the most enlightened and most devoted workers for national unity and political assim-ilation. . . . America feels the need of this work of internal fusion. . . . What the church has done in the past for others, she will do for the United States. . . . That is the reason the Holy See encourages the American clergy to guard jealously the solidarity, and to labor for the fusion of all the foreign and hete-rogeneous elements into one vast national family Finally, Leo XIII desires to see strength in that unity. Like all intuitive souls, he hails in the united American States and in their young and flourishing church, the source of new life for Europeans. He wants America to be powerful, in order that Europe may regain strength from borrowing a rejuvenated type. Europe is closely watching the United States. . . . Henceforth we [Europeans] will need authors who will place themselves on this ground : " What can we borrow, and what ought we to borrow from the United States for our social, political, and ecclesi-astical reorganization ?" The answer depends in great measure upon the development of American destinies. If the United States succeed in solving the many problems that puzzle us, Europe will follow her example, and this outpouring of light will mark a date in the history not only of the United States, BUT OF ALL HUMANITY. That is why the holy father, anxious for peace and strength, collaborates with passion in the work of con-solidation and development in American affairs. According to him, the church ought to be the chosen crucible for the molding and absorption of races into one united family. And that, especially, is the reason why he labors at the codification of ecclesiastical affairs, in order that this distant member of Christian-ity may infuse new blood into the old organism.ŠLetter from the Vatican to the New York Sun, July 11, 1892. AND this was swiftly followed by the es-tablishment of Satolli as permanent apos-tolic delegate here to carry out this plan; and Satolli openly declared at the Catholic Congress in Chicago Sept. 5, 1893, not only that this is his place and work here, but commanded the Catholics of the United States to carry out this scheme. His words are as follows :Š In the name of Leo XIII, I salute the great Ameri-can Republic, and I call upon the Catholics of America to go forward, in one hand bearing the book of Christian truth and in the other the Constitution of the United States. . . . To-day this is the duty of the Catholics: To bring into the world the fullness of supernatural truth and super-natural life. This especially is the duty of a Catholic Congress. There are the nations who have never separated from the church, but who have neglected often to apply in full degree the lessons of the gospel. There are the nations who have gone out from the church, bringing with them many of her treasures, and because of what they have brought, shedding par-tial light. But cut off from the source, unless that source is again brought into close contact with them, there is danger for the future. Bring them in contact with their past by your action and teaching. Bring your fellow-countrymen, bring your country into immediate contact with that great secret of blessednessŠChrist and his church. And in this manner shall it come to pass the word of the psalmist shall be fulfilled: " Mercy and justice have met one another, justice and peace have kissed.". . . Now all these great 'principles have been marked out in most illuminous lines in the encyclicals of the great pontiff, Leo XIII. He has studied them. Hold fast to them as the safest anchorage, and all will be well. These several questions are studied the world over. It is well they be studied in America, for here in Amer-ica do we have more than elsewhere the key to the fu-ture. [Applause]. Here in America you have a country blessed specially by Providence in the fertility of field and the liberty of its Constitution. [Loud applause.] Here you have a country which will repay all efforts [loud and pro-longed applause] not merely tenfold, but, aye, a hun-dredfold. And this no one understands better than the immortal Leo. And he charges me, his delegate, to speak out to America words of hope and blessing, words of joy. Go forward! in one hand bearing the book of Christian truthŠthe BibleŠand in the other the Constitution of the United States. ,[Tremendous applause the people rising to their feet]." The Constitution of the United States as it was made, and as it was intended by its makers to remain, was directly opposed to every principle and every purpose of Rome. The founders of this Government said that " to judge for ourselves and to  engage in the exercise of religion agree-ably to the dictates of our own consciences is an unalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the reformation from po-pery carried on, can never be transferred to another." They said further that, "it is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects which profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." Thus certainly did the makers of this Government intend that the people of the United States should never, by any act of the Government, be led back to the Church of Rome; and thus certainly did they intend that the Government of the United States should never touch any question of religion, and specifically "the Christian religion," in order that their ex-pressed purpose might prevail,Šthat the people should not be led back to the Church of Rome and popery. AND that Constitution, as our fathers made it and intended it, no Catholic was ever commanded by any pope to take in one hand, with the Catholic Bible in the,  other. But when that Constitution was interpreted to mean that this is a Christian nation, when that Constitution was in-terpreted according to Rome's principles and the sign of her authority with Catho-lic documents was cited to support this interpretation, then it was, and not till then, that all Catholics were commanded to take this Catholic Constitution in one hand and the Catholic Bible in the other; and, with Satolli at their head, go forward to their " hundredfold " reward in the United States, and through this bring again " all Europe and " all humanity " back into close contact with " the church." And now with the Catholic Bible in one hand, and the Catholic Constitution of the United States in the other, the Catholic Church steps forth and declares that this is a Catholic Christian nation. The ar-guments which the National Reformers have used all these years, to prove that this is a Christian nation, she now boldly appropriates, and says that they mean that this is a Catholic Christian nation. All the claims which the National Reform combination has presented for the govern-mental recognition of religion, the Cath-olic Church now adopts and declares as the consequence that it is governmental recognition of the Catholic religion. AND with all this prestige and power already within her grasp she grows enthu-siastic, and is now circulating official doc-uments in the United States in which she openly announces the " collapse of Prot-estantism," and her hope to " inissionize" the United States "in half a decade ; " and at the same time abruptly challenges all Protestants to show why they keep Sun-day ; and to cap it all she publishes to the people of the United States the following, which she herself pronounces "bold doc-trines to preach to Americans : "Š The friends of Catholicity assure us that, as God in k his providence creates a new soul for every human body that is born into the world, so the American Republic was no sooner born from the womb of time than he in like manner created a spiritual republic to be its companion, its protector, and infallible guide through all the years of its existence. They tell us furthermore that as the soul can live without the body, but the body cannot live without the soul; so the Church can live without the Repub-lic, but the Republic cannot live without the Church. In a word, that the Church is necessary to the Repub-lic, and without her spiritual guidance the Republic 