TŁrTOMINCI-1_..twoa, Its Disc:orders .and cow t® Cure Them BY J. H. KELLOGG-, M. D., Superintendent of the Battle Creek (Mich.) Sanitarium; Member of the British and American Association for the Advancement of Science; the American Microscopical Society; the Society of Hygiene, of France. Author of the Home Hand-stook of Domestic Hygiene and Rational Medicine, etc. JUNE 11, 1896. A Mk:1M C.AN MVP INTEILA 191 A Valuable Review. Ł " CURRENT HISTORY " begins its seventh year with an unusually fine number of 250 pages. In every quality that has marked this unique quarterly since the beginning of its career, the same high standard is maintained. As a handbook of information on all current questions in politics, international relations, science, etc., it is indispensable to everyone who wishes to post himself on any topic. It is not con-fined in its review to United States matters, but covers the world; it is not a mere collection of clip-pings, but a carefully digested review in which the lost threads of incidents, facts, dates, names, etc., are woven into the framework of a complete, con-nected, and very readable story. It is cheap, being aimed to reach even those already well supplied with periodical reading matter, who will find it an addition  to the library which, once known, they will not care to do without. It is a veritable history of the world, brought ap to date, authentic, reliable, the product of ripened experience and intelligence. The present number has sixty five illustrations, portraits, maps, etc. Buffalo, N. Y.: Garretson, Cox & Co., publishers; A. S. Johnston, Ph. D., editor; $1.50 a year; single number 40 cents; sample 10 cents; specimen pages and circulars free. Neander's Church History. A SET of ten volumes in fine order, issued in London from 1853 to 1858 Joseph Torrey's translation bound in cloth, $10.00. Pacific Press Pub. Co., 39 Bond St. N. Y. in the same Province, a similar Episcopal interference was rebuked by the return of the Liberal candidate. In Ontario the Roman Catholic clergy have thus far given no sign of meddling with the civic rights and duties of their parishioners. There is greater prob-ability of such interference in Nova Scotia, where a notable instance of some time ago caused much excited comment. It should not be forgotten that, even should the verdict of the elections be in favor of remedial legislation (though this may be looked upon as improbable), new embarrass-ments would quickly succeed the old. For, independently of the question whether Mani-toba ought to be coerced, there is another far more perplexing, namely, how can she be coerced ? The Province controls the ma-chinery of educational administration within her own limits. Can the Dominion, against the wish of the Province, effectually put that machinery in operation ? Or can the Do-minion set up its own administration of edu-cational affairs in the Province and collect the funds for the support of separate schools ? Greater than all legal or technical difficulties of interpretation or compromise is the para-mount one of enforcing upon this strongly opposed Province a system of public education which has been found antiquated and unsatis-factory by a very large majority of the people. FROM A MEMBER OF THE PROHIBITION CONVENTION. This Book Presents in a Nut=shell What Every Person Ought to Know About the Stomach, Its Functions in Health, the Symptoms Produced by Desease, and the Best otme..`_Methods of Cure _____/110 The Work is Thoroughly Practical. Sistersville, W. Va., June 2, 1896. EDITOR SENTINEL: The resolution respect-ing protection for the Sunday, adopted by the National Prohibition Convention last week, before the bolt, and which was retained by the bolters, evinced a drawing towards re-ligious liberty more than ever before. It evinces a preference to use the language of protection rather than compulsion. I ob-jected to it, however, because it did not give assurance of equal protection. Also, in view of the general thought that protection in-volves compulsion to observe the day; that this was not clear of that imputation. I pre-ferred the action of the other faction, to say nothing, rather than make a declaration that has lurking in it the possibility of a "civil sabbath." I made efforts to have the following amend-ment substituted:Š Every man should bo protected equally in his right to one day of rust in seven, whichever day he holds; not by compulsory sabbath laws, but in freedom to worship God. Several who favored this, thought that the other was about the same thing. The intense interest in the question that divided the conven-tion held every one from giving that scrutiny to the matter of Sunday legislation that may be secured for it when free from such pres-sure. The National Reform Association members are generally Prohibitionists. They are, how-ever, a much smaller factor in the party than the friends of religious liberty have usually supposed. The utterances of the party voic-ing their views, have been made because of the organized persistent effort on their part, and default of effort on our part to thwart it. Wherever there has been a small protest from friends of religions liberty in Prohibition con-ventions, it has generally modified or wholly thwarted the efforts against us. G. H. LYON. The work concludes with an explanation of the new and elaborate method of investigating disorders of the stomach, in use at the Battle Creek Sanitarium, and largely the result of researches undertaken there. The following is a list of the leading sections of the book: The Organs of Digestion; Foods; the Digestive Fluids; General View of the Digestive Process; The Maladies of the Modern Stomach; Important New Discoveries Relating to Digestion; Symptoms of Dyspepsia; Quacks and Nostrums; Explanation of the Authnr's Graphic Mode of Representing the Results of Stomach Work, Obtainable from Examination of the Stomach Fluid by the system of investigation Employed in cite Hygienic and Research Laboratories of the Sanitarium at Battle Creek, Mich., U. S. A. The work contains over one hundred cuts, including eleven plates, several of which are colored. Price of the book, bound in fine English cloth, with embossed cover, $1.50. Half-buffing, gilt edges, $2.00. Waterman's * Ideal Fountain * Pen Claims first attention, as it certainly is The Best rountain Pen on the Market. Other makes may be good, but the WATERMAN IS THE BEST. Some points of excellence are:Š The fine quality of the gold pens; The reliability of its feed, which has stood a ten years' test; The absence of any portion of the feed on the top of the pen point, whereby it is left untrammeled and acts with all the ease and grace of any first-class gold pen. art f  Among "those,  who use the Waterman Pen are :Š REV. LYMAN ABBOTT, Editor " Christian Union," New York. CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW, Pres. N. Y. C. & H. R. R. Co. HON. W. E. GLADSTONE, Ilawarden, England. JOHN VANAMAKER, Ex-Postmaster General. And thousands of others whose judgment may safely be trusted,-all of whom with one consent pronounce the Waterman "MIK B  IHST FOUNTAIN PEN." Among the many excellent features of this pen, to some of which we calla tention, stands one of no mean value, and that the shape of the holder. There is, in the new style, no prominent collar or shoulder to come in contact with the fingers when, ,'citing, but the holder has the pleasing touch of any ordinary good pen holder, The Waterman makes a most acceptable present to a parent, to a child. to a brother, to a sister, to a friend, to anybody and will be SENT AT OUR RISK to any address in America on receipt of price. In ordering state what kind of a pen you like best. Whether stiff or flexible, fine or coarse, Ł SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. No. 12. Ladies' size. [Small] $2.50. No. 14. Gentlemen's size - - $4.00. " 13. 3.50. 15. [Large] 5.00. No. 16. [Very large] - - - - - - $6.00. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 