AMERICAN SENTINEL. 123 Prince of Peace, teaching the golden rule and the gospel precept of respect for the unalienable rights which are-the gift of the Creator. Let not men deny to their fellow-men made in God's image, that which God does not deny to the lowest beasts of the field. Will It Pay? PERHAPS no question in connection with the pro-posed acquisition of the Philippines will more naturally arise in the American mind than the financial one, "Will it pay?" When we place in the great balance sheet of American commerce with the Philippines under self-government, or even under German or English domination, our credit in trade; and then institute a comparison of profits under American occupancy, charging up the immense cost of maintaining an army and navy in the islands, will it prove to have been a paying investment? It is probable that England and Germany would offer no serious objections to the scheme, for it would be much cheaper for them to pay for an occasional ride upon the back of the Philippine elephant than to pay his purchase price, and then be at the cost of taming and feeding him. Will it pay to maintain in an enervating tropical cli-mate a standing army and navy composed of the highest physical type of American manhood to whom the endear-ments of home and the peaceful pursuits of industry in domestic life are just as dear as they are to those who control the mechanism of diplomacy and of war? The dreadful home-sickness, made doubly drear by the thought that wide intervening leagues of sea would for-bid otherwise possible kindred ministrations in the dying hour, and then to be laid in a foreign grave unmoistened by the tears of mother, is grief almost beyond endur-ance. It is said that home-sickness in the army kills more men than do the bullets of the enemy. Will it pay? Will it pay for the American ship of State to throw overboard her charter of liberty under which she has sailed with majesty for more than a hundred years, and enter upon a piratical career of conquest among the weaker peoples of the earth? If, for policy's sake, we sacrifice a single fundamental principle of our Govern-ment, it will not be long before every such principle that has made us the greatest nation in the world will be re-pudiated, and we will sink to the low level of destiny that a violated faith will surely entail. Will it pay? The Government of the United States having stricken the Spanish shackles from the hands of the Filipinos, has thereby placed that people under obligation, which they would no doubt acknowledge, to respect the kindly of- fices of their deliverer in assisting them to form a free re-publican government that would command the respect of the nations of the world. The policy would be a wor- thy one, and would revert in blessing upon this nation. It would pay. A. SMITH. Cuba for the Cubans. Chicago "Times-Herald." IF Archbishop Ireland, as the representative of the pope, is working for the annexation of Cuba to the United States, his labors are already defeated by an an-ticipatory veto of the Congress and of the President. The question is settled definitely for the present accord-ing to the demands of honor and justice, and the only value of further discussion is in making the terms of the settlement so clear that we may escape the annoyance of the agitation for annexation in so far as it proceeds from this country. The resolutions adopted by Congress recognized the independence of the people of Cuba as a fact and as a right. They then provided for the interposition of the United States to force the recognition upon Spain, and closed with a disclaimer on the part of this Government of "any disposition or intention to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction, or control over said island except for the pacification thereof," and the assertion of a determina-tion when that was accomplished "to leave the govern-ment and control of the island to its people." In his message the President refers to these resolu-tions and gives evidence of his earnest resolve to con-strue them strictly and to hold the country to its well-defined obligations. He says that after the pacification we should aid the Cubans to form a government with the greatest possible dispatch. "Spanish rule," he de-clares, "must be replaced by a just, benevolent, and humane government, created by the people of Cuba." We are merely to help in "realizing the best aspirations of the Cuban people." Nothing is said here about those "Cubans of prosper-ity" or those Spaniards of landed and commercial inter-ests, for whom, we are informed, the archbishop speaks. Most of them opposed the resolution, and in any case the President uses consistently that broad term "the people." Himself a man of the people and the chief ex-ecutive of the most powerful popular government in the world, he does not propose to be led into arguments which would distort the term out of its true meaning. His position is that we gave a solemn pledge and that we gave it to all Cubans. They are now to be the arbi-ters of their own destiny. There is no other honorable position for the people of the United States to assume. They should not per-mit themselves to be confused by analogies drawn from the history of South American republics. They should not stultify themselves by proclaiming that the people whose independence they have acknowledged and secured are not fit for independence. They should not aid in 