forcing them by the civil power, show them-selves to be deplorably ignorant of what Christianity is. Ł FANATICAL ZEAL AND ITS CAUSE. SUNDAY evening, February 2, the City Vig-ilance League for the enforcement of Sunday observance, outdid itself by arresting a woman and her two little girls in a restaurant at No. 132 West Twenty-sixth street, and taking them, bewildered and terrified, to a police station, where, after a short detention, they were set at liberty. Speaking of the occur- rence, one of the little victims said : " We were so frightened we did not know what to do. We tried to hide behind mamma, but a big man seized us by the arms and took us to the police station. They would not even let us be with mamma on the way. We don't know what it was all about, for we cried all the time from fear, and 'finally, the big po-liceman in the station-house told us we could go. There were some men in tall hats who were dressed like gentlemen, and they told two big men to take us along. They held us by the arm all the way and hurt us because they squeezed so tight. It is true, the arrest was made by Mr. The-odore Dwight, and was discountenanced by the league officials when they heard of it; but Mr. Dwight is an agent of the league, and there is no evidence to show that he exceeded the limits of his instrubtions in making the arrest. Public feeling has been considerably stirred by the incident, and some prominent officials of the city have expressed emphatic condem-nation of the proceeding. Some of the ex-pressions as quoted are as follows:Š Police Commissioner Grant: " I am glad at all times to have reputable citizens aid the police in the work of suppressing crime; but I do not approve of permitting the officers of any society to use our policemen in carrying on their alleged work in the interest of moral-ity. I do not want to be understood as saying that the excise law shall not be enforced, but it should be done in a proper way, with no mean tricks resorted to by officers to make cases against inoffensive people." John B. Pannes, President of the German-American Reform Union: " This is an out-rage on the personal liberties of the people, and similar occurrences will continue just so long as we are compelled to live under the present tyrannical system. Think of the lib-erty of many persons depending on a cracker, Šfor if the waiter had served a crust of bread or a cracker with the drinks ordered by these reformers, no raid could have been made, and these innocent persons would not have been molested. The affair was fanatical, outrageous, and unjust." Ex-Judge Alfred Steckler: "It was a most outrageous action that should be condemned by every one, and some means should be taken to put a stop to any further impositions on the people by such misguided individuals as Dwight. Words fail to express the indecency of such an outrage as dragging innocent little children to a police-station simply because they were with their mother in a restaurant where the liquor law may have been violated. The statutes give no one authority for such a proceeding." Excise Commissioner Julius Harburger : " It is one of the most outrageous attempts to hamper the personal liberties of the people that I have ever known. The continuation of such violations of individual rights endangers our republican form of government." This is probably the worst exhibition of 62 A.N4111.1[C.A.N f4k.,INITTINMILA VoL. 11, No. 13. in proof of the tolerant spirit of Catholicism, demonstrates the paucity of such evidence. That State seems to be the only spot of earth upon which Roman Catholics can base any plausible claim to having established religious freedom; and as we have seen, the facts of history do not bear out that claim even in this single instance. That a degree of reli-gious toleration was established in Maryland was due not to the liberality of Rome but a combination of circumstances which Rome was not able to control. (For a more exhaustive examination of this subject see the AMERICAN SENTINEL of Sept. 26, 1895.) GOVERNMENTAL ACCOUNTABILITY. WE take the following words from the Christian Statesman of January 25:Š The duty of serving the Lord is binding equally everywhere. Can it be that God has bound men by moral law every place but one ? Can it be that he has left the great organization of government with its tremendous power and possibilities for both good and evil, unaccountable, without moral and organic power for its control ? This is true if the folly of modern State philosophy be true, that religion has nothing to do with politics. The above is part of an address delivered before the " National Christian Congress," at Atlanta, Georgia, Dec. 19, 1895, by Rev. C. N. Donaldson. We respectfully take issue with the latter concerning what he affirms must be true from the standpoint of separation between religion and politics. By the statement that religion and politics should not be mixed, it is not meant that politics should be conducted in an anti-relig-ious or unrighteous manner, but that religious doctrines and institutions lie without the sphere of politics, and hence cannot properly ask for or be given political recognition. The distinction between the two is simply this: The sphere of religion covers all thought and action pertaining to an individual's duty toward God, and of necessity entirely excludes all human action in a representative capacity. The sphere of politics, on the other hand, relates only to the protection of individuals in the enjoyment of their rights, and is in-separable from that action in representative capacity which religion excludes. There is a Christian principle, indeed, which should govern men in political action as in everything else; but that principle does not require that religious dogmas and institu-tions should have the support of the civil power. On the contrary, it requires the very opposite, since to give religion such " sup-port" would be contrary to justice and a denial of the power and authority of God. Christian principle in politics requires that an individual should act honestly and fairly to the best of his ability in making secure to all persons within the range of his action, those inalienable rights with which all have been endowed by their Creator. And as these include the right of an individual to think for himself and to act in harmony with his con-victions of right and dutyŠso long as he invades no other person's rights,Šit is clear that religious legislation can have no support from the person who is governed by Christian principle in his political action. Christianity means freedomŠfreedom to all persons to enjoy every God-given right and privilege, even those from which men have cut themselves off, by sin. ChristianityŠthe gospelŠis the world's great proclamation of emancipation; and those who would in its name restrict their fellowmen by putting their own religious ideas into the civil law, and en- " reform " fanaticism yet seen in New York under the present Sunday " law " of the city ; but it is only a step beyond the proceedings taken in some other Sunday arrests which the SENTINEL has noticed. We call attention to these things to point out the fact that the trouble is in the " law " itself. No good law operates in such a way. Misguided zealots do not overstep the bounds of justice, common sense, individual rights, and humanity, in seeking to enforce a proper statute, as do these " reformers " in their eagerness to stop Sunday business by the saloons, bake-shops, etc. And why this fa-natical zeal on the part of the latter? Is it not because the " law " does honor to a relig-ious institutionŠthe Sunday sabbathŠand thus appeals to the religious sentiment and arouses the religious zeal of a certain class of the people? Are not those who are foremost in securing the enforcement of the excise (Sunday) statute foremost also in their zeal for religion and for Sunday as the weekly sabbath? It must be admitted that they are. An excise law which applies merely to Sunday is a Sunday " law," and a Sunday " law " is a religious " law," as surely as Sunday is a religious institution. If temperance is the object sought, then let the saloon business be prohibited on all days alike. The truth is, that a religious " law " is not law at all, and having no foundation in reason and justice, it is not strange that no proper way can be found of enforcing it, or that fa-natical zeal is displayed under cover of its sanction. Let legislation be enacted and enforced solely in the interests of the rights of the people, and such incidents as that to which we have referred will speedily become things of the past. Ł PURIFYING THE FOUNTAIN. IN a discussion of " The People's Respon-sibility for the Christian' Amendment," in the Christian Statesman, of January 25, Rev. J. S. Martin declares that " oul- only security against the destruction threatened by the great flood tide of governmental evils that are com-ing in upon us, lies in the purification of the fountain whence they flow.' It is very true that a stream cannot be pu-rified without purifying its fountain, head. But how is the fountain head of governmental corruption to be purified? Is it by a " Chris-tian' amendment to the Constitution? We trow not. We are not prepared to impeach any person in office under this Government, high or low, on a charge of official corruption. That is not the business or purpose of the SENTINEL. Our aim is to point out the truth that any attempt to remedy governmental' evils by so-called Christian legislation, either through a " Christian " amendment to the Constitution or in any other way can only make the trouble incalculably worse than it is. The fountain head of all corruption in this world is the human heart. Well has the prophet said, "The heart is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked." No man knows the depravity that is lurking in his own heart. Much less, then, is he able to guard against it by human enactments. There is just one way in which the heart of an in-dividual can cease to be deceitful above all things and desperately wicked, and that is by the exercise of the power of God. The action proposed by the Rev.. Mr. Mar-tin would not reach the fountain head of the difficulty at all. The scheme to Christianize 