THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY". 293 This is the Christianity of Jesus Christ, as respects the great question of religion and the state. And, as in all the instruction from God from the beginning of creation down, it calls always for the complete separa-tion of religion and the state in allŁ things and in all people, in order that the Christian may enjoy in-finitely higher things. A. T. JONES. A Tale of Two Nations. "THE COMMONWEALTH OF ISRAEL." If man had never fallen and become sinful, there never would have been such a thing as civil govern-ment in the earth. Even after the human family had lost their first estate, if every soul had earnestly sought God for the "renewing" of His Spirit, there never would have been any necessity for civil government. But man did fall. Moreover, he was so perverse after he had fallen that he did not seek God for a new heart, and of course the result of this was that he grew worse and worse by nature. Then and only then out of heavenly goodness to man did God permit that in-stitution among men which we call civil government. In the very early days among the people of God the head of each house ruled that house. Thus it was written of Abraham : "I know him, that he will com- mand his. children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment." This status of affairs continued until Is-rael went into Egyptian bondage. When the days of their captivity were at an end God raised up a manŠMosesŠto lead them forth. In all of his dealings with the children of Israel, from the time of the exodus onward, God never for a moment violated the "consent of the governed" princi-ple. At no time did He act in an arbitrary, way, or manifest to the smallest degree, monarchicalŠone-man powerŠprinciples. All of this is made abundantly clear by the commission which God gave to Moses and the acceptance by Israel of Moses and the heavenly propositions of freedom of which he was the bearer. "And God said moreover unto Moses, * * Go, and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto them,"etc. "And Moses and Aaron went and gath-ered together all the elders of the children of Israel: And Aaron spake all the words which the Lord had spoken unto Moses, * * * and the people be-lieved." Here was a free, a voluntary acceptance of Moses and his mission by the people of Israel. The thing was in no wise forced upon them. A meeting was called, and the peoplenot only concurred in-the-plan, but they "believed" it. Moreover God never at any time led Israel a single step save only as the people "believed."  God never led any man in Israel a single step save only as that main "believed"Šhad confidence in, and gave his consent to that step and the taking of it by him. " Once more, as the climax thought on this point, it may be said: God never asks and never has asked a soul to do a thing of any kind or name or nature, until that soul manifests faith in that thing and the doing of it by him. But faith is the highest, the most perfect and complete kind of consent. After the death of Moses, Joshua became the leader of the people and nation of Israel. In his leadersEip under God all had faith; for of their own free will they said unto him : "All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go. According as we harkened unto Moses in all things, so will we harken unto thee : only the Lord thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses." This last provision was the only constitutional limitation, as it were, im-posed on Joshua. He must see to it that his life was such that God could go with him. After the death of Joshua the Lord raised up judges to judge the Hebrew nation. On whomsoever the Spirit of the Lord rested, on the man or woman upon whom the gift of leadership and judgment cameŠthat one did the people of Israel obey as judge over them. To this class of rulers belong Deborah, the prophetess, and Barak and Gideon. The form of choosing these officers, and the operation of such a plan of govern-ment, was so simple, and worked so smoothly, that, whether we understand all its modes and workings, it is bound to command our admiration and respect. Such was the form of civil government prevalent in the nation of Israel until the days of Samuel. In this government the "consent of the governed" was the great basic principle. It was a government among men Of God's own ordering. As long as the people abided by God's principles of government for them, they had his promise that they should be a great na-tion. More than this, they had the promise of the Almighty that other nations should acknowledge their greatness as a nation. Thus it is written in Deut., 4:5-8: "Behold, I have taught you statutes and judg-ments, even as the Lord my God commanded me, that Łye should do so in the land whither ye go to -possess it. Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wis-dom mu) our understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people. For what nation is there so great, who hath God so nigh unto them, as the Lord our God is in all things that we call upon him for? And what nation is there so great, that hath statutes-and-judgments so righteous as all this law, which I set before you this day?" This was a wonderful promise. It was a blessed 