MAndlt 1.801. Ammrtt CAN RNI-FPINtilf..4. I cannot grasp your hands in fraternal friendship. I am sorry that I have to say, Oh save us from our friends. I am embarrassed in being compelled to say that I am here with authority to abso-lutely repudiate you and charge you with false representations. (Several again broke out with cries of " Hear, Hear.") When I heard the statements they made I thought, I will approach this matter with kindness, gentleness, etc. ; I thought to myself,ŠI hope I will have the will power to deal with this question in the same spirit; but I am afraid I have over-stepped the limits already. I have this thing so near at heart that ordinary com-posure is absolutely destroyed when I find that we are attacked, that our inter-ests are so misrepresented, that our desires and wants are so distorted, by these men who claim to speak with authority. You bring men's names from England, who are absolutely unknown. What is the matter with Joseph Arch ? What is the matter with Tom Mann ? What is the matter with Ben Tillott ? Can you speak in their names ? No; you bring some unknown names here to add force to your misrepresentation. You have never been the friends of labor, and at this time you have no right to speak in that sense. When you brought your references here my mind ran back, at once to England, to Joseph Arch, a layman in the church, whose zeal for Christian religion was too great to be contained. As a layman he taught, under the hedge-rows, the moral truths that Christ enunci-ated, and he found in his efforts to lift his class that the whole array of clergymen of Great Britain were against him, as we find the whole array of the clergy and the Catholic Church arrayed against us. (Voices expressed disapproval.) Possibly that statement I made that the whole clergy were arrayed against us is not strictly true. I hope to save myself from any statement that is not absolutely based upon facts. Possibly I would be-right if I said that the evangelical churches of the United States, as here represented, are absolutely opposed to us and to our interests. Probably I should except the Catholic Church ; possibly I will omit that. I tell you I am embar-rassed. Possibly you will give me some consideration at least in that respect. I wanted to undo the work that you have been doing here, and I will do it to the best of my ability. Joseph Arch, to whom I referred, who now lives, and from whom you have got no word, who was lifted from the hedge-row into the House of Parliament, was placed there by the people, and he prom-ised to make it possible for them to live in decency and respectability. After he had accomplished that, the clergymen of Great Britain called him to a great meet-ing in Exeter Hall, at which there were present two hundred clergymen. They asked him to explain the purposes of his organization, and he did so. It was to lift the people out of absolute ignorance, to the comforts and decencies of man-hood; it was to kill the saloon, to empty the jail, to give men in the agricultural districts a chance to live as decent human beings. He had accomplished a great deal in that direction, and he not only told the ministers, " We not only did it without your help, but we did it in the' face of your absolute effort in antago-laism." And be said, " After we have ac- complished this work you call us to ac-count; we give you the result of our work. We did that without your help. We will go right along. All that we ask you is that if you cannot see your way to help us, to get out of the way and leave us alone to do our work." This is my answer to your English production. You speak here of the social.  Democrats of Germany. What right have you ? You have no authority at all. You go to work and take this little bit and that little bit from the work of Karl Marx, the social Democrat, and the result of their convention, and present it here with au-thority. I am a social Democrat; I be-long to that organization, and have done all I could to proselyte, in my humble way, the minds of the workmen of the United States, to the principles they hold. And I want to tell you clergymen that the principles held by the social Demo-crats of Germany are the principles enun-ciated by Jesus Christ, and which you do not understand. (Several again called out, " Hear, Hear.") Mr. Chairman, I not only speak with this authority that I have expressed, but I want to call attention to the relative po-sition that we occupy toward the World's Fair matter, in comparison with this body of clergymen, organized like a machineŠ( turning to the ministers) called up one after another to do his portion of the work. Mn. DURBOROW.ŠMr. Morgan, the committee is at this end of the table. MR. MORGAN.ŠMy general statement as to my unfitness for this kind of work will excuse me, I hope. If the friends of the Church had been kinder to me when I was a child (they taught me to read and write) I possibly would have been able to follow all the requirements of refined and common etiquette and society. Thanks to them, possibly I shall make some bad breaks, for which I ask to be excused. (Concluded next week.) " Parallels" Which Meet. THE Catholic Club of Philadelphia gave their annual banquet on Monday evening, February 6, and among the notable Cath-olics who took part in the celebration was Cardinal Gibbons, of Baltimore, who was called upon to respond to the toast " Church and State." This prelate has a unique faculty of expressing himself on public occasions in such a way that one may see in him at once a diplomat of no mean calibre; and yet at times he betrays by significant utterances the readiness and ambition with which the " church " seeks to dominate whenever and wherever she can. These are some of the Cardinal's utter-ances upon the occasion referred to :Š I am called upon to respond to the toast, " Church and State." I am firmly persuaded, both by study and observation, that the church is more sturdy in her growth, and more prosperous in her career, when she is free to pursue her divine mission with-out any interference on the part of the State. Here, thank God, the church is free, and therefore she is prosperous. Here the church and the State run in parallel lines, each assisting the other, and neither unwarrantably intruding on the domain of the other. . . . We have no State religion or official church in the United States. But it would be a great mis-take to draw as an inference from this fact that therefore our Government is anti-Christian or anti-religious. I venture to say, on the contrary, that there is no commonwealth under the sun more strongly permeated by Christian and religious principles than the Government of the United  States. Here the Christian Sabbath (Sunday) observed as a day of rest. . . . But, if the State protects the church, the church on her part is the strongest bulwark and safeguard of the commonwealth in the exercise of her earthly mission. It will be the delight as well as the duty Of the ministers of Christ in the future, as it has been in the past, to uphold our civil and political insti-tutions. It will be our delight to proclaim the moral taw which is the basis of all good govern-ments. For my part I believe that the relation between Church and State are as close and cordial as we should desire. All we ask is a fair field and no special favor. . . Readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL must be convinced ere this that there ex-ists in this country the roots, trunk and blossoming branches of a church party. This party speaks covertly at times, and is composed of the bigoted elements of Catholicism and Protestantism. The Catholic element has been diplomatic and shrewd in its manoeuvres, while the Prot-estant element has " let the cat out of the bag " on many occasions. These points will be better appreciated by reference to some utterances which have been put forth from either element in the past Whenever they (the Roman Catholics) are will-ing to co-operate in resisting the progress of polit-ical atheism, we will gladly join with them.ŠChris-tian Statesman, Dec. 11, 1884. At the convention of National Catholic Knights of Temperance, held in Washing-ton, D. C., in 1891, Miss Francis E. Wil-lard, President of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, said in her address that she was glad the time had come when Protestants and Catholics could join hands in demanding legislation of the Govern-ment. And Bishop Keane (Catholic) ad-vised that only men who would pledge themselves to vote for temperance and Sunday laws should be elected to Con-gress. In his Encyclical of 1885 Pope Leo XIII. admonished Catholics everywhere as fol-lows :Š We exhort all Catholics who would devote care-ful attention to public matters, to take an active part in all municipal affairs and elections, and to further the principles of the church in all public services, meetings, and gatherings. All Catholics must make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible in the ad-ministration of civil affairs; must constantly exert their utmost vigilance and energy to prevent the usages of liberty from going beyond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the Constitutions of States, and leg-islation, to be modeled in the principles of the true church. . . . All Catholics should redouble their submission to authority, and unite their whole heart, soul, and body, and mind, in the de-fense of the church. So, when Cardinal Gibbons speaks for the " church " in this country he includes the two divisions of this party in embryo. It will be noticed in his reply to the toast that the Cardinal says that " here the Church and the State run in parallel lines, each assisting the other, and neither unwarrantably intruding on the do-main of the other, and that he qual-ifies the " intruding." Once before, the same gentleman in speaking of religious liberty, says that "a man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience." No doubt, in his mind the " church " is to be the court of last resort in defining what is warrantable or unwarrantable intrusion on the domain of the State, as well as to be the judge of a right conscience. He further says that while " we have no State religion . . . it would be a great mistake to draw as an inference from this fact that therefore our Government is anti-Chris- 