Ł MARCH 26, 1896. A.101DE CA .N.  S7EN'IPIN1EIL 99 concerned. Yet it is a fundamental principle of oar system of government that all men have equal rights. The Sunday "law" denies to certain classes of citizens what the Creator has freely given them. But this is not all that is wrong with this " protective " provision. In order to be en-titled to its benefits, the individual must uniformly keep another day as holy time. If he ceases to do this, he falls ,at once without the provisions of the section, and becomes liable under the law. More than this: he is required to observe the day as holy time. This is more than is required of the Sunday observer, he being merely obliged to abstain from Sunday labor. The law declares that every citizen of the State shall regularly observe some day of the week as a day of rest. If he chooses Sunday, he is obliged to refrain from secular labor; if his choice falls on any other day, he is obliged to observe it as holy time. In any case, his religious observance of the day is under legal compulsion. And compul-sion is not liberty, but the opposite. This "exemption clause" of the "law" shows conclusively that the statute is religious in character, and not civil. It exempts from the penalty for Sunday labor such persons as uniformly keep another day of the week as holy time. That is to say, the law annuls itself, in the case of such individuals, in every-thing except that which pertains to re-ligion. They may do secular work on Sunday, but they must observe another day of the week as " holy time." They must observe the day religiously; this the " law" demands. We willingly recognize in the provis-ions of the section an honest attempt to combine justice with a Sunday " law." But the two will not unite; and hence some very curious features of the " law." It prohibits secular labor on Sunday on the part of any of its citizens, and yet leaves all free to escape from its prohibition by the avenue of regard for some other day. It accepts in lieu of abstinence from secular work on Sunday, a religious regard for an-other day of the week, which it does not claim will be of any.  possible utility or value to the State; in other words, it exchanges what it assumes to be of value, for nothing. It exempts the very class who have the strongest objections to obeying it,Šnamely, those who regard another day of the week as sacred; it makes an act which is the most con-trary to its requirementsŠthe observ- ance of another dayŠa valid ground for noncompliance with the same. Such are some of the anomalous features of a Sunday " law " when enacted with, it may be, the best motives and an honest desire to protect religious liberty. Such a " law" falls very far short of con-stituting a safeguard to religious freedom. THAT HEARING AGAIN. As reported in these columns last week, the hearing on the 11th inst., before the Judici-ary Committee of the House on the so-called " Christian" amendment to the Constitution, was an occasion of unusual interest. The impression received by those present was that the advocates of the measure succeeded in convincing the committee that the proposed amendment was not only unnecessary, but that it was mischievous and wrong. The Christian Statesman, however, takes a more  hopeful view of the situation, more hopeful from its standpoint, and while admitting that " a possible and even a probable result of the work done may be the holding back of the report of the committee until next year," finds even in this delay "an opportunity for a wider circulation of petitions, and a more emphatic expression of the Christian' sentiment of the country." The Statesman makes a great deal of the fact that the Christian ministers who opposed the amendment were compelled to do so side by side with prominent infidels and free-thinkers. " It is seen now more clearly than ever before," remarks the Statesman, " that the enemies of Christ and his religion are con-sistent opponents of this amendment. Infi-delity and atheism are simply revealing their true inwardness when they utter their charac-teristic denunciations of the amendment." " Let the lines be more and more clearly drawn," says the Statesman. "This campaign has done much to clear the atmosphere. " Christian " Warfare in the i ith Century. Another campaign will show the followers of Christ, very generally throughout the nation, that if they oppose the 'Christian' amendment they must do so in company of the hosts of infidelity, spiritualism, atheism, and all the other forces of evil that are cursing our coun-try." It is to such " arguments" that the States-man resorts in this its hour of humiliating and crushing defeat. According to this we are left to infer that a Christian has no right to claim liberty of conscience if an infidel does the same thing! It is simply a repetition of the old cry: " This man receiveth sinners and eateth with them; " and, " Behold a glut-tonous man and a winebibber, and friend of publicans and sinners." It is in vain, however, that the Statesman and its partisans assume to be the Christian  people. The amendment which they are urg-ing is the very opposite of Christian. It would destroy and take away from men the very lib-erty which Christianity gives. RELIGION AND LAW IN MASSACHUSETTS. THE legislators of Massachusetts are wrest-ling with the following proposed amendment to the constitution of that State :Š No law shall be passed respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, nor shall the state or any county, city, town, village or other civil division, use its property or credit or any money raised by taxation, or otherwise, or au-thorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, maintaining or aiding by appropriation, payment for services, expenses or in any other manner, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society or undertaking which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. Thursday, March 12, the committee having the amendment in charge gave a hearing upon it, concerning which the Boston Daily Globe of that date says: "The amendment appeared innocent enough at this, its second hearing, to the com-mittee, and to the gentlemen who were the immediate cause of its introduction, but before the hearing was over, and after the first three witnesses had de- parted, the committee had its eyes opened very wide to the possibilities of the proposed amendment, and the variety of interpretations which could be placed on it; not the least of which was the entire abolishment of all Sunday laws. So that the Christian gentlemen who have introduced the amendment have, innocently enough, given free thinkers, Mahometans, Buddhists, and, in fact, every phase of religious thought some-thing to fight for, and to urge, pro- viding they look at it in the same light as did Rev. George E. Fifield of South Lancaster and Rev. Frederick C. Gil-bert of Everett, at the hearing this morning. " The claim these two latter gentle-men made was that the amendment was a very good and necessary thing, because it would separate once for all, in Massa-chusetts, Church and State, even to the recognition of any particular day as a day of worship, because they maintained that the legal recognition of the present Sunday was in itself a recognition of Christianity, and they did not think that good Christians needed any such assist-ance from the governmentŠthey would observe the Sabbath whether there was a law or not. "Mr. Fifield said it was a poor kind of religion that needed assistance from any government. Christianity had its birth without governmental sanction, and its growth was not due to any governmental as-sistance. The God he worshiped did not need the assistance of any government. He quoted from the fathers of the Constitution to prove that it was their intention to not even recog-nize Christianity so as to prevent entirely any possibility of the union of Church and State. Mr. Gilbert, who is a Seventh-day Advent-ist, but who was formerly a Jew, and is now working among the Hebrews of this vicinity, thought the proposed amendment would give the Jew, who observed Saturday as a day of worship, an opportunity to do business on Sunday, and the members of other re-ligions an opportunity to observe their par-ticular days of worship with the same results. He did not see anything wrong in that, and thought it would be a good thing for all. It Ł 