MARCIt 23, 1893. A—TVifl Le 1t CANT sirTiiritiv.k:It do 93 leave to withdrawŠwhich meant death to the whole thing, at least so far as this bill was concerned. Ł While it is true they were defeated in this bill, the spirit behind this Sunday movement is by no means dead. This de-feat has made the churches all the more determined. They are now discussing the matter more vigorously than ever before, and doubtless two years hence will bring more influence to bear upon our repre-sentative men. They are already de-nouncing with pen and voice the legisla-ture at Augusta for so far forgetting their position as to treat such a measure with laughter and ridicule. It is being her-alded far and wide by the press to-day that the Maine legislature laughs at a bill aiming to suppress violation of the Sab-bath. And doubtless many honest men and women are thus led to believe, who have not investigated for themselves, that our representative men have forgotten their position when they treat with indif-ference religious measures which are brought before them by the ministers in whom many of the people have implicit confidence, and think that their pastors know and understand the relation that the Church and State ought to sustain to each other. It is not my purpose to attempt to dis-cuss the question as to whether Sunday is or is not the Sabbath, but the vital ques-tion is, What ought our State government to do about it ? And what is true of this State is true of every other State in the Union, and of the United States as well. Religious legislation is opposed to the constitution of our State, as well as to the natural right of every citizen of this our commonwealth. The constitution of Maine forbids the establishment of any religion by law; hence, if our legislators should have passed the Sunday bill, they would have violated the constitution of Maine, and thus would have stepped beyond their jurisdiction. What right has any legislature to meddle with religious matters, anyway ? Such things should be left where they belongŠto the family and the Church. There should be an absolute separation of State and Church. The union of the Church and State in the past has been fraught with peril. What we want is a free Church and a free State. The union of Church and State has always worked to the utmost disadvantage. Christ said, when asked whether or not it was right to pay tribute to Cmsar : " Render therefore unto Ceesar the things which are Caasar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Thus he separated Church and State, and who will \ dare put together the things which he has so distinctly separated ? Do you not see that if the Maine legisla-ture had passed the proposed Sunday bill it would have violated the principles of true Christianity as taught by Christ himself, as well as the constitution of Maine ? For just as soon as any State attempts to leg-islate in behalf of religion it is meddling with that which it has no right, and when any legislature does by law establish any phase of religion it has formed an unholy union with the Church, and to the extent that it legislates, just to that extent it has established a State religion. Therefore is it not doing injustice to thus accuse our representative men of forgetting their po-sition because they refuse to meddle with the Sunday question? The representatives are elected by the people to attend to matters pertaining  wholly to Caesar and his subjects, and not to things that pertain to God and his peo-ple. God's people are not of this world. It is true they are in the world, and should, so long as they are in the world, obey the laws of Ceesar,Šthat is, if Cmsar does not go beyond his jurisdiction and pass laws which will abridge the rights and suppress the conscience of a people whose citizenship is of another country. If Ceesar does do that which he has no right,Šmake laws which will in them-selves conflict with the right to worship God according to the dictates of one's own conscienceŠthen I say that it is the duty of the citizen to maintain his allegiance to God, although he may meet a fate similar to Daniel, and the three Hebrew worthies. If ministers' have been called of God and ordained by Jesus Christ to preach the gospel, then is it not their duty to give themselves wholly to the preaching of that gospel, and leave our legislators to attend to matters pertaining to that which is civil ? We read that the " gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Hence, would it not be more consistent with the profession of those who claim to have been called to the ministry, to give heed to the injunction of Christ, and go and preach the gospel to the railroad and steamboat men and get them to believe it if they can, than to clamor for laws to compel them to believe and obey it ? What is all this clamoring for a Sunday law for, anyway ? We have now upon the Maine statute books law enough, if put in force, to stop railroad and steam-boat excursions, and regulate all Sunday traffic. Here it is :Š Whoever on the Lord's day keeps open his shop, workhouse, warehouse, or place of business; trav-els, or does any work, labor, or business, on that day, except works of necessity or charity ; uses any sport, game or recreation; or is present at any dancing, public diversion, show, or entertainment, encouraging the same, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding ten dollars. Would it not be well for those who are laboring so industriously for a Sunday law to protect the laboring man, as they claim, to See that the laws now upon our statute books are enforced before asking that any more be enacted ? In the face of the fact that we now have such strenuous Sunday laws upon our statute books, we are forced to the conclusion that it is not so much a law to protect either Sunday or the laboring man that is wanted, but a law to compel. M. G. HUFFMAN. Curious Ideas of Liberty. EUROPEAN governments entertain cur-ious ideas with regard to liberty of con-scienceŠthat is, freedom of religion, which is theoretically conceded by every one of their constitutions. In the Prus-sian Diet the Minister of Public Instruc-tion declared the other day that parents who sent their children to school were at liberty to have them taught any creed they pleased providing it was a positive creed. He, however, denied the legal right of agnostic parents to have their offspring brought up according to the doctrines which they profess. In Aus-tria, the government draws the line at Methodism, while in Spain the recent troubles which have taken place in con-nection with the attempt to open a Prot-estant place of worship in Madrid show plainly that the Peninsular government, while guaranteeing the liberty of con- science prescribed by the constitution, draws the line at Protestantism. The truth is, that there are few people or governments who do not draw the line against religious liberty somewhere, re-sembling tharein Oliver Cromwell, who proclaimed that all creeds should be tolerated, but added that if anybody thought that he was entitled thereby to celebrate mass in Great Britain he would find himself speedily mistaken.ŠNew York Tribune. A Congressman's Protest. [Representative, W. W. Bowers, of California, in reply to a clergyman, among his constituents, who writes him in favor of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, expresses himself earnestly and wisely, as reprinted below. Why can not all con-gressmen see that this is religious legislation de-manded by mistaken churchmen, and is forbidden by the Constitution ? Or do they all know it and ignore the fact 2] Dear sir:ŠI have yours of the 20th inst., regarding Sunday closing of the World's Fair. It is not usual for members to reply to such letters, for they come in such num-bersŠfrom both sides of the controversy Šthat it is impossible. But I have dis-posed of the mail that has come to me in the House this afternoon, and must sit here to vote on the bill now under discus-sion, and will occupy the time in answer-ing your letter. It is much like hundreds of others re-ceived. You say that you " want your representative on record as opposed to any violation of the explicit command of God." You are asking a good deal of me, to fill such a bill. Do you do it ? Do you know any one who does ? But who is to say what are " the explicit commands of God ?" Who among the contending sects is authorized to pro-nounce the law for others ? The history of the world shows that for centuries the people of one religious sect burnt the peo-ple of other sects at the stake in public for the sole reason that they differed in opin-ion as to what were the " explicit com-mands of God." The reformer who broke away from " religious bigotry "Šas soon as he acquired the powerŠburnt those who differed from him in religious belief. They tell us the Puritans came to this country to " escape religious persecution," and to " worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences." But they tortured those whose consciences did not dictate in the same line with theirs. It seems to be taken for granted that the days of religious persecution, when men were thrown into prison and cruelly treated because of their religion, are long past. Would to God they were. We are especially fond of boasting that under the American flag civil and religious liberty is guaranteed to all citizens. The boast is a lie. The evangelical churches of Arkansas and Tennessee have made it a lie. The shameless persecutions, engi-neered by these churches, of Christians in those States, whose only offense was the ex-ercise of the right under the Constitution to select one's own day, whatever day it may be, and to work the other days. And Congress is prohibited by the supreme law of the land from interfering between these citizens making laws establishing the religion of one and prohibiting the religion of the other. Yet this is unques-tionably what Congress attempted to do in its World's Fair Sunday legislation. In all the history of the world the 