THE AN1_EIRICAN SENTINEL. 135 rect, as far as they go, but they do not apply to the point for the attainment of which they are used ; that is the assumption by Congress of the authority to close the World's' Fair on Sunday either by direct legislation or conditional proviso. [THE ice-men of the city of Washington have issued a circular asking that the churches support them in a demand for the stoppagd of delivery of ice on Sunday. In response to this Dr. A. W. Pitzer, of the Central Presbyterian Church, has held a special Sunday evening service, at which the ice-men were present in force and t ok seats together in the body of the church. Dr. Pitzer preached a very earnest sermon on "Sunday rest for every man"; and al-though it did not appear why the ice-men could not rest if they wanted to without the aid of Dr. Pitzer, the Church, or any one else, still some of them seemed eminently gratified with what was said. The different motives and forces are legion which are combining to secure obedience to Sunday laws as well as for their enactment and enforcement. SIOUX CITY, Iowa, has a Sunday Enforcement League, which is doing remarkable service in the Sabbath Union cause. Not even under the personal surpervision of Mr. Crafts himself, in Pittsburg, is as zealous and effective work done for the pro-tection and preservation of Sunday by lawŠthat is, if the enforcement of Sunday laws will do that. This new Sunday League has closed all places of business, and even some restaurants; has stopped all street-car traffic, and does not allow suburban trains to run. Wholesale arrests are made of all who attempt to run street cars or carry on any secular business on Sunday. The League asserts that it will compel the stoppage of all labor and business on Sunday in Sioux City. There is said to be much excitement and trouble is feared. The penalty for Sunday labor in Iowa is five dollars fine and imprisonment until it is paid. This League, which is doing a work that must be the envy of Mr. Crafts, is not however directly of his organ-izing; it is composed of saloon men driven out of business by the prohibitory law. They declare they "will enforce all laws alike and give people a taste of real enforcement." If in doing this Satan is divided against himself, this is a very unwise move on his part. But is he ? THE Lutherans of Illinois are agitating for the repeal of the compulsory school law of that State. At a recent meeting held in Chicago, Rev. August Schuessler said:Š We are assembled here to again inaugurate a po-litical movement. The so-called "school question" was not settled at the last session of the Legislature. The obnoxious compulsory education law, you can well say, has been a dead letter. Only two cases of prosecution of Lutherans, under the law, have occurred since the last campaign, and the men who acted in those case; were forced to stop their work, not through the exertions of the school committee of the Lutheran Church, but by party action. The party lash was used and this party lash made the law a dead letter. But the obnoxious law still re-mains intact, and it can again be used to harass a large class of true and loyal citizens of the State whenever party policy ceases to interfere. We Lutherans would most assuredly deceive a great many good people if we were to rest now and be satisfied with our political action because the law has been a dead letter since our last campaign. Therefore, we must again enter the political arena. There are different motives for setting political movements on foot. We have only one motive. I repeat it with emphasis, only one motive have we Lutherans for organizing our large forces; and the motive is not a mercenary one. We again inaugu-rate a political movement in order to rid the statute book of Illinois of that law which is working to the detriment of our free Christian homes, free Chris-tian schools, and free Christian churches. We Lutherans will not be quieted down or desist from political agitation until the law is repealed. We deplore this unfortunate political struggle. Prior to 1889 no political meetings were held in our school-houses. The Lutherans as individuals took active part in politics, but the church never. We, in our congregational or business meetings, never meddled with political questions. When, however, our religious liberties and private rights are en-dangered by a law, then we must make exceptions to our usages and take a lively part in politics. Thus it is that religious questions, and questions of religious rightsŠquestions affecting the individ-ual conscienceŠare more and more finding their way into politics in this country. Two Republics. ONE of the most remarkable books of the past few months is entitled "Two Republics," by Alonzo T. Jenes. It is a large volume of over eight hun-dred pages, and one can not help wishing it had been divided into three volumes, the first treating with the ancient Roman Repubic, the second with the Christian Church under the Empire, and the third, the present conflict between Church and State. The volume is well written, and, though largely a compilation of the greatest historians and writers of ancient times, is so presented as to give a thor-oughly connected, interesting, and vitally instruc-tive narration of the struggle of the ages for absolute religious freedom. In the first part we have a graphic picture of Rome under alleged republican power, in which one looks in vain for justice, finding only a long tyranny of the rich over the poor, broken at intervals by such intrepid leaders as the Gracchi, who in turn were invariably crushed by plutocracy. Next we note the rise of Christianity, at first a religion simple and pure, tolerant, tender, gentle, and wholly uplifting in influence. Next we see Christianity surrounded by paganism in Rome, the sun worship in the East, Grecian philosophy in Greece and Alexandria; and from each source we note it takes something of the dominant thought, forms, rights, and symbols. At last the worship of Jupiter and Apollo give place to the worship of Jesus ; but before yielding the old faiths we note that to a great degree they transfer their spirit into the new belief, and Pontifex Maximus of pagan Rome gives place to Pontifex Maximus of Christian Rome, while the latter excels the former in rights, forms, rituals, and the splen-dor of official dignity. The simple and beautiful teachings of the carpenter's Son become lost in the regal pomp, the licentiousness and prodigality of the new State religion. Faithfully and with great sincerity our author traces the great apostasy which rose under the cloak of Christianty, but which took caste and color from its great defender, the bloody murderer Constantine The history of the struggle for freedom in subsequent ages, the temporary or partial triumphs, and the present encroachment on the part of dogmatic and ritual-istic theology upon the right of the people in our land, are very interesting and instructive. This work should be carefully perused by every patriotic citizen. It will appeal most strongly to that large class of deep thinkers whose clear vision beholds the terrible danger of the present silent but persistent struggle on the part of bigots to re-establish condi-tions which will bar freedom of thought along certain lines, and make persecution not only possi-ble, but imperative on the part of those clothed with authority; weld together Church and State, and in so doing curse society as it has not been cursed since the Reformation opened the door to freedom, science, and progress. This volume should have a wide circle of readers. ŠThe Arena, April, 1892. "Two REPUBLICS" is a subscription book, but where it can not be procured from a nagent it will be sent on receipt of price in any of the following styles of binding : Cloth, marbled edges, $2 50; cloth, gilt edges, $3.00: library, marbled edges, $3.-50; Half Morocco, marbled edges, $4.00; full Mo-rocco, gilt edges. $4.75. For territory and terms to agents, address the Publishers, Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York or, Oakland, California. THE "MEDICAL MISSIONARY." This little monthly ought to be in the hands of every person interested in missionary work at home or abroad. The Medical Missionary is the organ of the International Health and Temperance Associa-tion, and every month contains articles of live interest which do not appear in any other publica-tion. Each number is illustrated. The subscription price is 25 cents a year; the sum barely covers cost of paper and printing. The subscription price may be sent in postage stamps, postal note, or postal order, as is most convenient. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE. BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. This new work from the pen of this well-known author is one of the most important of her works, and presents her views upon the important subjects of health and temperance more fully than any of her previous writings. It is a volume of great interest and practical importance. No Seventh-day Adventist family can afford to be without it. Price, cloth, $1.25; cloth, gilt edges, $1.50. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or lag; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. DO YOU USE A FOUNTAIN PEN? THEN YOU NEED THE COMBINED INK-BOTTLE AND PEN FILLER, Consisting of a bottle holding ink sufficient to fill a pen eight or ten times, with a patent rubber cork and filler, all inclosed in a neat wooden case with a screw top, making the safest, most complete, com-pact, and convenient article for the use of traveling men and others now extant. When filled with ink it weighs less than three ounces. Imitation Rosewood case, 25 cents ; real Box wood case, 50 cents. Sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond street, New York. or Oakland, Cal. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. -o-:Š We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. OEIKIE, D D This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The  signs of the 1l1imes is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - In clubs of 10 and over to one address, To foreign countries in Postal Union, Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A. - $1.50. - 1.25. ($2) 8s. 