 668 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       "Yes; amfdt was lion-like. Tell me some of the char-acteristics of the lion." "Well, the lion is the king of beasts. I read yesterday that a lion has both good and bad qualities. Of course, it is savage, and has a very frightful roar. It does most of its prowling by night; but the father lion takes care of his mate and cubs, and Łis often faithful and sociable. But all the other beasts have to give way before the lion. This lion here has eagle's wings. That is rather queer; what does it mean?" "Well, before I answer, I will ask you to tell me about an eagle." "The eagle is the king of birds. It is a bird-of prey, and can even stare at the sun. The eagle is very strong, and is capable of enduring long flights." "That's good, Charlie, and I hope the talks we are having will spur you up to study not only history and the Bible, but to find out all you can of Łthe beasts and birds used as symbols." "Now, what do the eagle's wings indicate? You may read what I have marked in Hab. 1:6-8. 'For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, . . . They shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat." Here is a nation described in the act of conquest, as an eagle flying for its prey. The wings indicate the swift-ness of the conquests of this lion-like beast." "Well, now, mama, what was the first kingdom that is represented by this first beast?" "Can you tell what was the first city built after the flood?" Ł "Let me see if I can find about it. Here's the flood, Šoh, here it is. Why it was in the plains of Shinar. They said, 'Go to, let us build a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven.' It was the city in which was the tower of Babel." "Now, Charlie, turn to the map. Right' along the Euphrates was the plain, and the first kingdom noticed by prophecy was called Babylon. From this grew the wonderful kingdom represented by the lion with eagle's wings. In many things it surpassed any other kingdom on earth. God has spoken of this kingdom as 'the golden kingdom,' and in the second chapter it was rep-resented as 'the head of gold.' In another place in Isaiah it is called the beauty of the Chaldee's excellency,' the glory of kingdoms.' Please read the first verse of the first chapter of Daniel, and see who was king at the time it was represented under this symbol." Charlie read, "In the first year of the reign of Jehoia-kim, king of Judah, came Nebuchadnezzar, king of Baby-lon." "That will do, Charlie.' Who was king of Babylon?" "Nebuchadnezzar." "Under this king it was represented as a lion with eagle's wings. In Nebuchadnezzar's day it reached the height of its power. The first chapter opens with an ac-count of the conquest of the Jews, and their captivity in the land of Babylon. Among the captives were Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who afterward served to bring out still clearer the beast-like characteristics. But before we go into that part of the subject, I would like to tell you a little of the wonders of. Babylon, to show you how apt was this figure of its majesty. "The city of Babylon, or the capital of the kingdom, was a city that seems always like a dream of beauty and power to me. It was laid out in a perfect square, and was surrounded with walls three hundred and fifty feet high and eighty-seven feet thick. That would be as high again as our church steeples, and its depth was capable of giving space to four of our ordinary dwellings. Twen-ty-five gates of brass, with as many watch towers, adorned the wall, and four large chariots could ride abreast on its top. From the top of the walls one could look over onto a most beautiful city, whose streets were one hundred and fifty feet wide, paved with polished marble, from which was reflected its stately palaces. The king's palace was eight miles in circumference. In the city were large temples; one was the tower of Babel, known as the temple of BelŠanother name for Baal; for the Babylonians were self-worshipers. The city was built on either side of the Euphrates, and its parts were con-nected by bridges that were closed away from travel at night by gates of brass. Every house formed an enclosed court in which was a beautiful garden, and beside this one of the seven wonders of the world was there." "Oh, I know," said Charlie,Š"the hanging gardens." "Yes. They were built up until their tops reached the height of the wall." "How I should have liked to have been on the top of the wall!" said Charlie. "But what about its being a beast, and how else did it show its lion-like character?" "Well, it subjected the people by force, and then preyed upon its captives, and especially showed its beast-like character in the way it enforced Baal worship, or even in seeking to enforce the worship of the true God. "The Lord had given Nebuchadnezzar a dream, which Daniel had been enabled to interpret to him. It was just as convincing as was the fire Elijah called down from heaven of the fact that there was a living God. Through the four young men in his courts, he had repeated evi-dence of the truth, and he knew they were ambassadors of the King of kings. You know it is an insult to a gov-ernment to insult its ambassador, but Nebuchadnezzar set up a golden imageŠ" "Oh, I know, mama, and he was angry because these young men would not bow down and worship, and thus break God's law, and he had them cast into the fiery furnace." "Yes, and when he saw the form of the Son of God in the furnace, and the young men walking in the flame, he was frightened, and had them delivered. But his heart was still unchanged. With a great show of righteousness, he then made a law that everybody in his kingdom should refrain from saying anything against the God of heaven, on penalty of death." "But, mama, wasn't that right?" "No, Charlie. In doing this, he pub himself in the 