DECEMBER 5, 1895. A_MEIHAELICAN 379 prophets of Baal ? Who were right, and who received the approval of heaven? How was it upon that dark and tragic day when Jerusalem and its environments rang with the maddened cry, " Away with him, crucify him, crucify him " ? Who were right during the Dark Ages, the multitudes that followed " the man of sin" and worshiped the virgin, or that little band of Christians who in the valleys of the Alps kept alive the sparks of true religion that ultimately kindled into the blaze of the Reformation? Who stand upon the safest ground at the present time, the few hundred thousand who profess the true religion, or the countless multitudes who are virtually unbelievers? No, the race is not always to the swift, the battle to the strong, nor truth with the mul-titude; and when assailed with such logic let us not be intimidated or discouraged, but rather let us remember the babe in the ark of bulrushes, the stripling of Bethlehem before the giant of Gath, the little band of Gideon, and the eleven fishermen of Galilee. Let us not forget these illustrious examples of divine strength made perfect in human weakness, of the power of minorities when God is on their side, and the Saviour's precious words of promise : " Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the king-dom."ŠRev. John T. Chalmers. ILLINOIS ON THE SUNDAY QUESTION. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] THE Sunday question is now assuming in Illinois the most interesting phase that it has taken in the history of the State, with, per-haps, the possible exception of the Sunday controversy of a half century ago. At that time the whole country was stirred by the agi-tation of the Sundayists to close up all post-offices on the first day of the week. As the readers of the SENTINEL know, petitions were sent in from all parts of the country asking Congress to take action favorable to the Sun-day cause, and to change a usage which the Postmaster-General of the United States de-clared, in 1815, had been " covered with the Constitution of the United States." In Phil-adelphia they went so far as to extend chains across the streets, padlocked at the ends, to stop the stage coaches and driving on Sunday. The agitation became so general that those religious bodies favoring Sundayism held mass meetings and sent speakers around to agitate the suppression of the mails on Sunday. Books were published and petitions were sent everywhere. Signatures rolled in on Congress and each new session was met with a new batch of petitions or met the old batch aug- mented. But each succeeding time they re-ceived the same answer from Congress. No Sundayism for this government; no inter-ference by force in religious affairs. And each answer by the Federal Legislature would close by saying, " And the petitioners shall have leave to withdraw their petitions." This agitation, after having been carried on for some dozen or fifteen years, gave rise to Senator (afterward Vice-President) Johnson's celebrated " Sunday Mail " reports. One of these was adopted by the Senate of the United States, the other by the House of Representa-tives. These statements of Federal law and policy declared emphatically thatŠ It is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what religion is true, or what is false. Our government is a civil and not a religious institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right  to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely with-out molestation. Whatever may be the religious sen-timents of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection ,from the government, so long as they do not invade the rights of others. . . . Among all the religious persecutions with which al-most every page of modern history is stained, no vic-tim ever suffered but for the violation of what gov-ernment denominated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitu-tion has wisely withheld from our Government the power of defining the divine law. It is a right re-served to each citizen ; and while he respects the rights of others, he cannot be held amenable to any human tribunal for his conclusions. Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle, which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for danger-ous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If ad-mitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to op-erate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under, and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence. What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment cannot deprive any portion of citizens, how-ever small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them. Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established and the foundation laid for that usurpation of divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World. Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion for enforcing religious observances. Notwithstanding these telling reports,Šplain, logical and concise,Šthe Sunday advo-cates went right on with their agitation. It was finally carried to such lengths that several of the State legislatures thought that it was time to call a halt. The people thought that fanaticism was going too far; that Sunday in-tolerance was spreading beyond the point when silence is golden, and that the time had come when forbearance had ceased to be a vir-tue. So memorials were passed by several of the State legislatures and sent to Congress, Illinois being among the number. They de-clared Sunday statutes to be subversive of lib-erty, and their enforcement the work of tyr-anny. But the people of Illinois went fur-ther, Šand rightly so, Šfor Sundayism is merely the entering wedge of an intolerance which will destroy every vestige of religious freedom when once it becomes the fixed policy of government. " Such an innovation upon our Republican institutions would establish a precedent of dangerous tendency to our priv-ileges as freemen, by involving a legislative decision in a religions controversy." The memorial of the State legislature of Illinois was as follows :Š WHEREAS, A variety of sentiment exists among the good people of the United States on the subject of the expediency or inexpediency of stopping the transport-ation of the mails on the sabbath day; and inasmuch as Congress has been, and is still urged to pass, an act restricting the carrying of the mails to six days in the week only, by petitions and memorials from various quarters of the Union; and inasmuch as it is believed that such an innovation upon our Republican institu-tions would establish a precedent of dangerous tendency to our privileges as free men, by involving a legislative decision in a religious controversy on a point in which good citizens may honestly differ; AND WHEREAS, A free expression of sentiment by the present General Assembly on the subject may tend, in a great degree, to avert so alarming an evil as the union of Church and State; therefore, Resolved by the People of the State of Illinois, repre-sented in the General Assembly, That the able report made by Col. Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, in the Senate of the United States, on the 19th of Jan-uary, 1829, adverse to the stoppage of the transporta-tion of mails on the sabbath or first day of the week, meets our decided approbation. Resolved, That the governor be requested to trans- mat copies of the foregoing preamble to our senators and representatives in Congress, with the request that they use their exertions to prevent the passage of any bill which may, at any time, be introduced for such purpose. And be it Further Resolved, That our senators in Congress be instructed, and our representatives re-quested to use their exertions in opposition to any measure that may tend to retard the transportation of the mail. This seemed, practically, to settle the ques-tion in Illinois for upwards of sixty years, but the Sunday " law" fever has now broken out anew, and with, perhaps, an added virulence. The outcome is attracting the attention of bar and laity alike, and whichever way the con-troversy is decided, the stir caused will vary but little. It seems merely to spur the de-feated ones to renewed activity. A contest is on, the end of which none can tell. THE USE OF A BAD LAW. THE following from the New York Sun, of Nov. 25, illustrates the evil of a law whose prohibitions are based not upon the intrinsic character of acts forbidden, but merely upon the time when they are committed:Š Policeman O'Connor, of the Macdougal Street sta-tion, after putting on plain clothes yesterday, rang the door bell of Louis Bredenstein, who lives over his saloon at 455 West Broadway. When Bredenstein opened the door, O'Connor, who is sickly looking, pre-tended to be gasping for breath. " What do you want ?" the saloon-keeper asked. "Friend, I'd like to get a drink," gasped the police-man. "I can't give you a drink to-day," said Breden stein. "Don't you know it's Sunday ?" " I know that," replied O'Connor, " but I'm sick. You can see that for yourself." " You certainly do look sick," said the saloon-keeper sympathizingly, " but I can't break the law."  "For God's sake, man, don't turn me away," pleaded the apparent invalid. " I'm so sick that I must have a drink." This was too much for Bredenstein. He invited the spurious sick man into the hall, and, unlocking his saloon door, went behind the bar and poured out a big drink of whiskey. He brought it back to the shamming policeman, who drank it slowly, and ap-peared to feel much relieved. The saloon-keeper took the empty glass out into the barroom and washed it. When he returned O'Connor put his hand on his shoulder and said: " I arrest you for violating the Excise law." "What ?" shouted the saloon-keeper, " you don't mean to say that you're an officer ?" "That's what I am," said O'Connor. Bredenstein was taken to the Macdougal Street sta-tion and then to Jefferson Market Court. When ar-raigned before Magistrate Simms he told of the cir-cumstances under which his arrest was made. He denounced his arrest as an outrage, and said that lie had tried not to violate the law since it had begun to be enforced. "Is this man's story true?" asked Magistrate Simms, addressing O'Connor. "Yes,"replied the policeman, his face turning red. " Officer, I am surprised," said the magistrate se-verely. " This man has certainly been guilty of a violation of the law; but a man wearing the uniform of the New York Police Department that will resort to such a low piece of trickery as to play on the sym-pathy of a citizen in order to make him violate the law, is certainly no honor to the force, and moreover, will never make a good officer. This man was willing to keep the law, but by your persistence and false representations, you induced him to violate it. I re-gret that I have to hold him for trial." Bredenstein was later released on bail. He hurried home to his wife, who is ill. If the " law" in this case were a good law, Šthat is, one prohibiting a deed because it is in itself evil, there could be no occasion for regret by the magistrate that the prisoner must be held for trial. A good law does not work as in the case here described. Such laws are the terror, and not the tools, of evil-minded persons. The Sunday " law " is inconsistent in that it declares to be wrong on one day of the week that which it sanctions on the other six 