76 THE AMERICAN slŁrfrrtNvr, known ? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary ? " Isa. 40 : 28. This is what the Scripture Says of it; and what one of the chief Sunday-law workers says of it is this :Š If he is never weary how can we say of him that he rests ? . . . God is a spirit, and the only rest which ;he can know is the supreme repose which only the Spirit can knowŠin the fulfillment of his purpbse and the completeness as well as the com-pletion of his work. Just as in the solemn pauses between the creative days, he pronounced his creat-ure's " good," so did he rejoice over the finishing of his Łwork, resting in perfect satisfaction of an accomplished plan; not to restore his wasted energy."Š Rev. Geo. Elliott,. Abiding Sabbath, Chap. I. The rest with which the Lord rested was spiritual rest, spiritual refreshing, and, delight in the accomplished work of the creation. As the Lord's Sabbath rest was spiritual; and as his so resting is the reason for man's Sabbath rest, so man's ŁSabbath is likewise to be one of spiritual rest, ;spiritual refreshing, and delight in the works and ways of God. This is proved by that psalm for the Sabbath, day, "Thou Lord hast made me glad through thy work; I will triumph in the works of thy hands." Ps. 92:4. And by another Scripture, "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy .day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him., not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words; then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord." Isa. 58 :13, 14. A day of weekly rest is in itself an in-stitution of God. Its basis is the rest of God, -which was wholly spiritual. Its pur-pose is to cultivate the spiritual in man. Its authority is the commandment of God which is spiritual and religious, and which must be religiously and spiritually observed to be observed at all.. As says the seer of Patmos " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." 'The whole subject, therefore, in all its bearings. is entirely beyond-the jurisdiction and even the reach: of the power of civil government or of man. It rests wholly in the power and jurisdiction of God, and remains solely between the individual and God. Thus, we repeat, it is not man's physical, but his spiritual needs that are to be held in view in the Sabbath commandment. The Sabbath is intended to' be a day in which to worship GodŠa day of holy re-inenibrance of him and of meditation upon Łhis works. The day is to be kept holy;  Łnot civilly nor physically. If it is not kept holy it is not kept at all in the purview of the commandment and the Author of the day of weekly.rest.,  ANALYSIS. L The Puritan theory of one-seventh part:of time for the. Sabbath is and in its  inception was, a fraud upon the command-ment of God. 2. The theory of one-seventh part of time for physical rest is a fraud upon the original Puritan theory. 3. The seventh part of time for phys-ical rest is therefore a fraud upon a fraud. SYNTHESIS. 1. In addition to its being a fraud upon the Puritan theory the seventh part of time for physical rest is' also a fraud upon the commandment of God. 2. The Puritan theory of a seventh part of time for the Sabbath is itself a fraud upon the commandment of God. 3. The two together thereforeŠthe Puri-tan Sabbath and the weekly physical rest day Š interlocked as they are, form a HEAPED UP FRAUD. A. T. J. The Sanitary Blessings of a Sunday Ł Rest. THE writer had the privilege December 1, 1889, of hearing Rev. W. F. Crafts speak twice upon the reasons why this nation should make and enforce a National Sunday Law. Among the chief consider-ations urged by the speaker was the great benefit it would be healthwise to the American people. He argued that their greed for gain or the fear of losing their places of labor prevented them from tak-ing proper rest. This want of rest was breaking down the health of the laboring men of America and therefore the Gov-ernment is in duty bound to interfere from a sanitary consideration. He re-ferred to the suggestions that had been made by some that " rest" could be ob-tained on other days of the week besides Sunday. To this proposition he would not agree. The rest must be on Sunday so as to give the working man the benefit of a quiet day in which he could attend church with his family. He would have people understand that Sunday work is uncivil because it disturbs those who de-sire a quiet rest on that day. The law is absolutely necessary in order that the people may reap the healthful benefit of a Sunday rest. Breaking the Sabbath he said is a crime against man because it de-prives him of his rest. That is the man who works on Sunday is uncivil because other people want to rest and this consti-tutes it a crime. If the speaker occupied a tenable position, then labor on Sunday not only injures the health of the man who works on that day but his labor also makes his neighbors unhealthy. For these reasons the Government ought to prevent Sunday labor. He stated in his speech in the afternoon of the day that I heard him, that' he had been doing police duty during a part of the forenoon, and that he had discovered some very bad things, indeed, going on in the city Ł (Indianapolis). He thought most of the saloons were closed yet he found  that in a few of them, clerks were deprived of their rest by having to do duty at the bar. He did not seem to condemn the saloon business only so far as it caused work to be done on Sunday. He ex-pressed much sympathy for saloon clerks, lamenting because they were so badly overworked that they were becoming un-healthy because of so much Sunday work ! The other item of Sunday work that he discovered was so much worse than the labor of the saloon clerks that he was moved exceedingly. It was even horrid to think of. The thing that was so won-derfully bad was the labor of some me-chanics laying a marble floor in the post-office building. He said that the excuse the postal department had to offer for having the work done on Sunday was that on that day the building was com-paratively clear of the people who on other days came for their mail and this consideration made it necessary to do the work on Sunday. He stated that it was not at all necessary, however, to do the work on that day as the work could be done during the night. It seemed rather strange that a speaker who was arguing that the Government should make a law for the protection of the health of the laboring man, to advise in the same speech that the, Government ought to hireŁ men toŁ work in the night in order to protect the sacredness of Sunday. At this juncture every careful listener could see the wolf clearly expose himself as he turned under his sheepskin. Logic demands that we accept all the conclusions that can be logically drawn from the premises which we occupy. The speaker took his stand squarely on the premises that it is the duty of the Govern-ment to enact laws compelling people to take care of their health, enforcing rest upon them from a sanitary consideration. Not only must the Government tell men how much they must rest but when they must rest. This rest must be on the time that the majority want to rest. But they choose this particular time to rest because of their " religious convictions." Conclusion First : The time of the rest will be enforced altogether from a relig-ious standpoint. Therefore it is a re-ligious.law. Conclusion Second : If it is the duty of the Government to let the preachers dic-tate concerning the particular time to rest because of aŁ sanitary consideration, then the Government is also under obligation to have the preachers decide which is the most healthful mode of baptism' because of a sanitary (?) consideration. Further, when they have decided, then the Gov-ernment must compel everybody to be baptized in that particular manner. This is necessary in order that there may be uniformity in the matter and that the people may not be allowed to injure their health by being baptized contrary to sani-tary laws. This of course would only 'be 