278 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. The Sunday Bill in Canada. MR. CHARLTON'S bill which has been before the Dominion Parliament the past two years, is at last disposed of. The committee to whom it was re-ferred cut it down to less than one half its original size, retaining only those sections which prohibited the publication of Sunday newspapers, the running of certain railway trains, and the opening of canals for traffic on Sunday. In this mutilated form it was brought before the House of Commons. On motion of Mr. Charlton, the promoter of the bill, the House went into a committee of the whole to consider his measure. A sharp debate followed, in which many of the members took part. The strong opposition to the bill from various quarters, showed that the present Parliament has a majority which does not fall in with the movement now on foot to enforce Sunday observance. In the debate, some of the members spoke in behalf of the Sunday newspaper men; others opposed the bill on the ground that such legislation should be left to the discretion of the provincial Legislatures, while other opposition was based on the broad ground of religious liberty, that the people should not be hedged about with " cast-iron laws," nor could they be " legislated into Christianity." Sir John Thompson, a prominent member, spoke decidedly against the bill; but out of deference to the feelings of the Christian community, he recom- mended Mr. Charlton to withdraw the measure. He moved that the committee rise, report progress, and ask leave to sit again. This is called "the ten-derest form of perfumed asphyxiation known to Parliament." This brought Mr. Charlton to his feet. He pro- tested against the committee rising without further considering the bill, and insisted that they had the right to deal with the question of Sunday observ-ance, and ought to exercise it. The Montreal Star thus describes Mr. Charlton's last effort in behalf of 'his bill :Š Mr. Charlton made so vigorous a fight against this effort to chloroform his bill, that the House could hardly recognize in him the mild gentleman who usually sits next to Sir Richard. His voice rang out defiantly through the chamber as he asked if there was nothing left in the bill worth so much as consideration, and twitted Mr. Mills with being far too great a stickler for provincial rights in the face of so important a question. The bill did not meet his views by any means, but he wanted to get some legislation through on this subject. Amid cries of " No " and " Carried," he held that some law of this kind was demanded by the Christian people of Canada, and threatened members with arraignment before public opinion if they flung aside the bill without consideration. The chairman pronounced the motion to rise car-ried, but Mr. Charlton demanded a vote. A rising vote was then taken, and the motion was carried with sixty-three yeas, and eighteen nays.ŠR. S. Owen, in Review and Herald. Early Closing Closing and Sunday Closing. AN association of clerks in Denver is trying to secure the closing of all stores at six o'clock p. m., and all day Sundays. The Colorado Graphic reads the clerks the following sensible lesson upon the subject :Š The Retail Clerks' Union has everything to lose and nothing to gain by coercive measures. In all kindness and sincerity of purpose, the Graphic urges them to attempt no arbitrary measures, no matter what their' foolish president advises. We have seen the rise and fall of many such move-ments, and they have ever left stumbling places in the road. It is practically impossible, in a city like Denver, to close all fetail shops at six o'clock p. m. Such a business condition never existed. It is contrary to business harmony. It is against social equity. It is one of those conditions with which the buyer and not the seller has to deal. Now look at it: There would be no bakers if no one ate bread. There would- be no clothing houses if people went naked. There would be no butcher shops if people ate no meat. There would be no sellers if there were no buyers. No stores would open their doors after six o'clock -p. m., or on Sunday, if there were no persistent buyers. Now if you clerks have a quarrel to pick, pick it with the unfortunate buyer. Logic is logic. You have the world to fight. You have history to combat. You can not compel a shopkeeper in Denver to shut his shop one minute from the stroke of the clock at the grand entree of a new year to the last minute of that year, unless he is willing to shut it; and no law under the national Constitution and Bill of Rights can be enforced to compel him to do so. You may fuss, and fume, and chafe, as much as you please, but you can not overcome this fact. In the United States of America no sumptuary law can exist. In the United States of America no Sunday law can prevail. Sunday observance must be the voluntary act of the individual. Many business houses find it convenient to close at six o'clock p. m., and all day Sunday. Others find it convenient and profitable to continue busi-ness after six p. in., and for a few hours on Sunday. The clerks in other stores have no lawful authority to deprive these merchants of their right or of their desire. You may win their clerks from them; but within an hour they will find a score anxious to fill the vacancies. Let well-enough alone. Look to the buyer. OF the King case, now so prominently before the country, the Sabbath Recorder says :Š Such are the legitimate fruits of the " civil Sab-bath " laws for which the Sunday Sabbath reform. ers are so loudly clamoring, and so earnestly work-ing. Given such laws throughout the United States, and every Sabbath-keeper in the, country would be exposed to just that kind of treatment. In the language of Judge Hammond, "Malice, re-ligious or otherwise, may dictate a prosecution," and there is evidence of sufficient malice against Sabbath-keepers to dictate a good many prosecu-tions, " but if the law has been violated this fact never shields the law-breaker." In other words, the law takes no notice of the unworthy and un-holy motives which prompt the prosecution. If men set apart, by law, Sunday as a civil rest day, it must be observed as such, without regard to the law of God ; and if any man shall choose to do otherwise, even from the most conscientious regard to the laws of God, the spirit of malice may follow him to the bitter end, and the law grants him no protection in the exercise of his religious convic-tions. This is what " civil Sabbath " means, Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court, being judge. We are sure that no Seventh-day Baptist desires to be put into such a position as that. We are quite sure, also, that no Seventh-day Baptist would willingly do anything to place any-body else in such a position. RACINE, Wisconsin, is having some excitement over closing the saloons on Sunday. The former Mayor had the saloons closed on that day, but when the present Mayor was elected he allowed the saŁ'  loons to be again opened. The church people pe-titioned the Mayor to no effect, and afterwards formed a citizen's association, employed some de-, tectives from Chicago, and began to arrest the saloon-keepers. As a result the saloons are closed, only as some who have the password are admitted on the sly. It should ever be kept before the public, that if these church people would put forth the same zeal to have the saloons closed every day in the week, it would be as easy to do that as to shut them up simply on Sunday. And when they only make their great efforts to secure Sunday closing, it is manifest that their zeal is for Sunday, and not against the saloon. Correct principles are always broad enough to take in more than Sunday, or any other one day in the week, when suppressing the saloon. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. TUCSON, Arizona, has passed a Sunday ordi-nance and is enforcing it, so says the Mail and Express. PETITIONS to close all business on Sunday, are being circulated in Sibley, Iowa, and are said to be creating quite a stir. THE present Mayor of Dayton, Tennessee, is en-forcing the Sunday ordinances and closing all places of business there on that day. Ł " THE Sunday-closing law," remarks the `Pearl of- Days,' " is now rigidly enforced in Fernandina, Florida. Not only saloons, but cigar stores and soda water stands must be closed on Sunday, and nothing can be sold but ice, milk, and drugs." AN Adventist preacher writes thus to a California paper, of a- company of new Sabbath-keepers in southeastern Tennessee :Š May God help this dear little company to stand firm under the present outburst of persecution which some are wont to urge upon them. Some are lying in ambush, like a coyote, to catch them working on Sunday, so as to report them to the Grand Jury. REV. W. F. CRAFTS, the apostle of the "civil Sabbath " with the religion in it, recently visited Bradford, Pennsylvania. He severely censured the City Council for their action of some months ago on the Sunday ordinance, and declared the Sunday law of Pennsylvania one of the best in the United States. Under his direction a Rest-day League was formed and committees were appointed to carry forward the work of forcing tne people of Bradford to keep Sunday. IT was noted in these columns last week that the Superintendent of Public instruction in Texas had declined to give certificates to certain Sisters of Charity, on the ground that as they would devote their wages to the Catholic Church, to employ them as teachers would be a violation of the State Con-stitution, which provides that no part of the school fund shall ever " be appropriated to or used for the support of any sectarian school." The matter was referred to the Attorney-General, who has decided that nothing in the Constitution or the laws of the State disqualified such persons from receiving cer-tificates, if otherwise qualified. THE Mid-Continental Review says: " THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, a religio-political journal, has come regularly to our table for the last eighteen months, and is always a welcome visitor. While we can not indorse all its sentiments and views, yet its fearless expression of what it conceives to be right commends it to the thinking men of the day. Church and State, polygamy, and the Sun-day law, are among the subjects that are discussed, and which must result in good in securing thought and investigation among the people. It is think- ing, reflecting men that are needed in this day, and : - especially in America where the Government must be perpetuated by and through the intelligence and virtue of the people, or destroyed through their ignorance and debasement. Let the battle go on The truth never came out from the Ordeal of dis-cussion with its lustre dimmed." 