150 S1R1.1VPINIMEA. VOL. 0, No. 10. bath. I take it that no one here will deny that now, at least, we, as citizens of the United States, have the constitutional right to observe Saturday as the Sabbath, or not to observe it, as we please. This right we already have as citizens of the United States. As we already have it by the Constitution, their proposal to give it to us is only a concealed attempt to de-prive us of it altogether. For if we con-sent to their right or their power to grant it, the power to grant carries with it the power to withhold. In consenting to the one we consent to the other. And as the granting of it is, as I shall prove, for a purpose, and for a price, the withdrawing of it will surely follow just as soon as the purpose of it is accomplished, and espe-cially if the price of it is not fully and promptly paid. Now this bill positively requires that whosoever does not observe Sunday shall " conscientiously believe in and observe " another day of the week. We do not keep Sunday. The bill does, therefore, dis-tinctly require that we shall conscien-tiously believe in and observe another day. We maintain that we have the constitu-tional right to rest on Saturday or any other day, whether we do it conscien-tiously or not, or whether we conscien-tiously believe in it or not. Haven't we ? Congress has no constitutional power or right to require anybody to "conscien-tiously believe in" anything, or to "con-scientiously observe " anything. But when it is required, as is proposed in this bill, who is to decide whether we conscientiously believe in it or not ? Who is to decide whether the observance is conscientious or not ? That has already been declared in those State Sunday laws and decisions which have been referred to here to-day as examples for you to follow. It is that the burden of proof rests upon him who makes the claim of conscience, and the proof must be such as will satisfy the court. Thus this bill does propose to subject to the control of courts and juries our conscientious convictions, our con-scientious beliefs, and our conscientious observances. Under this law, therefore, we would no longer be free to keep the Sabbath according to the dictates of our own consciences, but could keep it only according to the dictates of the courts. Gentlemen, it is not enough to say that that would be an interference with the free exercise of our right to keep the Sab-bath; it would be an absolute subversion, of our right so to do. Nor is it for ourselves only that we plead. We are not the only ones who will be affected by this law. It is not - our rights of conscience only that will be sub-verted, but the rights of conscience of lirodyŠof those who keep Sunday as s those who keep SaturdayŠof those are in favor of the law as well as ose of us who oppose the law. When the law requires that those who do not observe Sunday shall conscientiously be-lieve in and observe another day, by that it is conclusively shown that it is the con-scientious belief in, and observance of, Sunday itself that is required and enforced by this law. That is, the law requires that everybody shall conscientiously be-lieve in and observe some day. But every man has the constitutional right to con-scientiously believe in and observe, a day or not as he pleases. He has just as much right not to do it as he has to do it. And the legislature invades the freedom of religious worship when it assumes the  power to compel a man conscientiously or religiously to do that which he has the right to omit if he pleases. The principle is the same, whether the act compels us to do that which we wish to do, or whether it compels us to do that which we do not wish to do. The compulsory power does not exist in either case. In either case the State assumes control of the rights of con-science; and the freedom of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience is gone, and thenceforth all are required to worship according to the dictates of the State. Therefore, in opposing this bill, and all similar measures, we are advocating the rights of conscience of all the people. We are not only pleading for our own right to keep the Sabbath according to the dictates of our own consciences, but we are also pleading for their right to keep Sunday according to the dictates of their own con-sciences. We are not only pleading that we, but that they also, in conscientious beliefs and observances, may be free from the interference and dictation of the State. And in so pleading we are only asserting the doctrine of the national Constitution. In the history of the formation of the Constitution, Mr. Bancroft says that the American Constitution " withheld from the Federal Government the power to in-vade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul."  Let the American Constitution be re-spected. Now to the point that this bill, through its promoters, does distinctly contemplate the taking away of the right to observe the Sabbath. I read from the bill the ex-emption that is proposed :Š This act shall not be construed to apply to any per-son or persons who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday, as a day of rest. Now why is that clause put in the bill ? The intention of the law-maker is the law. If, therefore, we can find out why this was inserted, we can know what the object of it is. During the past year Mr. Crafts has advertised all over this country, from Boston to San Francisco, and back again, and has repeated it to this committee this morning, that the Seventh-day Adventists and the Seventh-day BaptistA are the strongest opponents of Sunday laws that there are in this country, and that they are doing more than all others combined to destroy respect for Sunday observance. All this, and yet these are the very per-sons whom he proposes to exempt from the provisions of the law, which is ex-pressly to secure the observance of Sunday Why, then, does he propose to exempt these ? Is it out of respect for them, or a desire to help them in their good work ?ŠCertainly not. It is hoped by this to check their opposition until Congress is com-mitted to the legislation. How do we know this ?ŠWe know it by their own words. The lady who spoke here this morning as the representative of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union ŠMrs. CatlinŠsaid in this city, " We have given them an exemption clause, and that, we think, will take the wind out of their sails." Well, if our sails were de-pendent upon legislative enactments, and must needs be trimmed to political breezes, such a squall as this might take the wind out of them. But so long as they are dependent alone upon the power of God, wafted by the gentle influences of the grace of Jesus Christ, such squalls become  only prospering gales to speed us on our w ay. By this, gentlemen, you see just what is the object of that proposed exemption Šthat it is only to check our opposition, until they secure the enactment of the law, and that they may do this the easier. Then when Congress shall have been com-mitted to the legislation, it can repeal the exemption upon demand, and then the advocates of the Sunday law will have exactly what they want. I am not talk-ing at random here. I have the proofs of what I am saying. They expect a return for this exemption. It is not extended as' a guaranteed right, but as a favor that we can have if we will only pay them their own stated price for it. As a proof of this I read again from Mr. Crafts' book, page 262 :Š The tendency of legislatures and executive officers toward those who claim to keep a Saturday-Sabbath is to over-leniency rather than to over-strictness. And in the convention held in this city Jan. 30, 31, 1890, Mr. Crafts said that this exemption is " generous to a fault," and that "if there is any fault in this bill it is its being too generous " to the Seventh-day Adventists and the Seventh-day Bap-tists. But I read on:Š For instance, the laws of Rhode Island allow the Seventh-day Baptists, by special exception, to carry on public industries on the first day of the week in Hop-kinton and Westerly, in each of which places they form about one-fourth of the population. This local-option method of Sabbath legislation after the fashion of Rhode Island or Louisiana, if generally adopted, would make not only each State, but the nation also, a town heap, some places having two half Sabbaths, as at Westerly, some having no Sabbath at all, as at New Orleans, to the great confusion and injury of in-terstate commerce and even of local industry. In-finitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a private character such as the law allows them to do on Sunday), suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the other ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of their Sabbath by the public business. Why, then, do they offer this " special exception " ? Why do they voluntarily do that which they themselves pronounce neither constitutional nor sensible ?ŠIt is for a purpose. Again I read, and here is the point to which I wish especially to call the atten-tion of the committee. It shows that they intend we shall pay for the exemption which they so over-generously offer :Š Instead of reciprocating the generosity shown toward them by the makers of Sabbath laws, these Seventh-day Christians expend a very large part of their energy in antagonizing such laws, seeking, by the free distribution of tracts and papers, to secure their repeal or neglect. Exactly ! That is the price which we are expected to pay for this generous exemp-tion. We are to stop the distribution of tracts and papers which antagonize Sun-day laws. We are to stop spending our energy in opposition to their efforts to promote Sunday observance. We are to stop telling the people that the Bible says " the seventh day is the Sabbath," and that Sunday is not the Sabbath. But have we not the right to teach the people that "the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord," even as the Bible says, and that only the keeping of that day is the keeping of the Sabbath according to the commandment ? Have we not the right to do this ? Have we not the right to tell the people that there is no scriptural authority for keeping Sunday, the first day of the week ? Why, some of these gentlemen themselves say that. Mr. El- 