THE AMERICAN S-Pl\TTINr1_,. 341 "Jews, infidels and atheists." Thus they, according to the statement of Mr. Cole-man, are working to secure an amend-ment to the Constitution that will in effect disfranchise all who may "logically or consistently " differ with them. Ridpath further adds : Š" Taxes were levied for the support of the gospel." A Baptist writer, speaking of the town of Ashfield, Mass., in 1763, says :Š The General Court passed a law granting the pedo-baptists the privilege of taxing all the land in town to pay their ministers and build their meet-ing-houses, and if they refused, power was granted to sell their lands to cancel the debt. We sent a petition to the General Court for relief but were refused. We immediately agreed not to pay the tax, and in the month of April, 1T70, they presented a tax of a07 which had been raised for the support of their minister, and erection of their meeting house. They commenced selling our land and in all sold about four hundred acres.ŠReligious Denomina-tions in the United States.ŠBelcher. What do National Reformers say ? Dis-trict Secretary Rev. J. M. Foster in de-fining the duties of nations according to their views, mentions the following : Š " By providing her (the church) funds out of the public treasury for carrying on her aggressive work at home and in the for-eign field." Six years ago, a citizen of Washington County, Pennsylvania,Ša stronghold of National ReformismŠtold me that a few months before he fell in company with some ministers that were on their way to attend a convention, and one of their number stated that he was looking for-ward to the time when they would " draw their salaries from the treasury, the same as Government officials." When their desires are fulfilled, when they have influenced the Government to legislate in their behalf, if any one should refuse to pay tax to support the national religion they would have their property sold by the Government to meet the de-mands of the law, requiring taxation to support the church. Ridpath further says: Š " None but church members were eligible to office." Rev. J. M. Foster says the reigning Mediator requires of the nations :Š" A constitutional provision of moral and re-ligious qualifications for their officers." To require a " religious qualification " for an official would tend to corrupt both the Church and the State. Scheming politicians would be wonderfully pious about election time, and men actuated by selfish motives would join the Church, and thus the Church would be heavily laden with hypocrisy, and nothing can be more effectual in corrupting a State than a corrupt Church wedded to the State. Dr. Adam Clarke says :Š" When politi-cal matters are brought into the Church both are ruined. The Church has more than once ruined the State, the State has often corrupted the Church." What was in force in Massachusetts in the days when they destroyed witches, hung Quakers, banished Baptists and sold their property, is in part, if not wholly, the demand. of National Reformers to-day. E. T. RIMELL. Discussion at the Sunset Club. THE Sunset Club, of Chicago, an organ-ization of professional, business, and lit-erary men, which dines every Thursday evening at the Grand Pacific Hotel, and regularly serves at its banquets a final course of wit, reason, and eloquence, took as the subject for discussion in its meeting of Thursday, October 22, the question of " Sunday at the "World's Fair." The Chicago Tribune reports Judge McConnell as presenting substantially the following argument :Š The principal difficulty which has em-barrassed me in the consideration of this question has been to divest myself of purely personal views. I thoroughly rec-ognize that because I do certain things on Sunday I should not immediately conclude that everybody else ought to do the same thing. Or that, if I want to attend the Exposition on that day, my desire, in it-self, ought not in any manner to influence me in determining what I ought to advo-cate as the proper policy for the managers of the Exposition to adopt. I hope I have succeeded in getting rid of the purely personal bias I have in the premises. While engaged in this struggle with myself, the thought has occasionally occurred to me that perhaps the advocates of Sunday closing might also be consider-ing the proposition through minds largely affected by their personal practices and beliefs. I take it for granted that we must de-termine this question on much broader grounds than ought to be proposed by a man who is always willing to do anything Sunday not wrong Monday or Tuesday; or that might be urged by another who believed that Sunday he ought to go to church in the morning and remain grave and quiet during the afternoon and even-ing. The broad question is : Shall all the citizens of Chicago, and all the visitors within our gates during the six months of the Exposition, no matter what they be-lieve about Sunday, be obliged to submit to what a portion of- us think our religious duty that day requires us not to do? In other words, Shall that great enterprise, designed for instruction and delight, be closed one day in seven to the thousands who night that day, perhaps on no other, avail themselves of all the treasures of profit and entertainment afforded by the Exposition, because a good many other people think it wrong to open the gates Sunday? Is it not the same old fight which has been waged so long in the worldŠthe fight to make one set of men think, or at least do, as another set of men think they ought to think or do? Is there any room in the world for a question of that kind any longer? Have we not grown so much that it seems strange that such a question is even debatable ? Is not the controversy in the main a religious one? And might  we not just as well be discussing whether some of us should be made to go to some particular church as to be discussing whether some of us should be prevented from doing Sunday something that some others think they ought not to do Sun-day ? It is a religious question, and I think we are beyond using coercive measures in making conversions to our religious be-liefs, or even enforcing the observance of matters which are a part of our religious beliefs. I picked up, however, a few days ago, the resolutions adopted by the Methodist Ecumenical Council, recently in session at Washington, against the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. In the main these resolutions proceed on the theory that, as the members of this Council be-lieve in Sunday keeping, therefore the Exposition should be closed on Sunday, even as against those who are entirely convinced that they have a right to attend the Exposition that day. It is true the resolutions go a little fur-ther, and charge that the attempt to keep the Fair open Sunday is a mercenary scheme, and would benefit the stockhold-ers only. That part of the resolutions, however, I do not consider as involved in the present discussion. I think the resolutions fairly confirm what I saidŠthat the question is a relig-ious one, with most of those who advocate Sunday closing ; and, as I intimated be-fore, I think the world too wise and too tolerant now to make me and others re-frain from doing what the Ecumenical Council of the Methodists think I ought not to do. In brief, I do not think that question debatable in 1891. I do not sup-pose that any employe will be overworked because of the Sunday opening; and I feel certain that any one of them desiring to devote the day or any part of it to wor-ship will be accorded an opportunity to do so. If the Fair prove as much of a success as its projectors anticipate, we shall have in Chicago, every Sunday of the six months from May to November, from 100,000 to 300,000 visitors. What will you do with them? The churches will not accommodate or attract them. Will the day be better observed by having them thrown on their own resources, in a strange city, to find such entertainment as they can? I could predict, I believe, with ab-solute certainty, that there would be less of the worshipful spirit in that crowd, surging through the city, than if it were allowed to find its way to the Exposition grounds. I believe if the problem were alone con-fined to the question, What shall we do with our visitors Sunday, so as in the least to disturb the ordinary occupations of that day? the answer would necessarily be that they should be sent to the Fair, There they could iiampently spend the day study. 