    51 FEB. 16, 1893. AJWISAL-Ei C.A.1®7 equality of all religions and of no religion before the civil law as is a Seventh-day Adventist. This is the cause in which I am so deeply interested, and this interest is the cause of my being in Paris at pres-ent. I want to say, also, that to my in-terest in the principle at stake there has of late been added a daily increasing per-sonal interest in my clients. I have been, for some time past, studying the peculiar doctrines of the Seventh-day Adventists, as well as making acquaintances among them, and I do not hesitate to say that I regard them as the most remarkable and interesting set of people in the United States to-day. I have been fairly as-tounded by the combination which I find in them of intense zeal and absolute toler-ation. They have given the lie to the philosophy of all the ages, which has al-ways been agreed upon the proposition that toleration can only co-exist with in-difference. And they have done more than this. They have elevated toleration from a mild virtue of self-control to the position of a leading and fundamental Christian duty. Incredible as it may sound, they believe in and act upon the theory that there can be no true religion without the absolute divorcement of re-ligious and civil influences. This is a doctrine which has never before been enunciated since it was first given to the world by the Founder of ChristianityŠthat is to say, never officially enunciated by any organization of Christians, so far, at least, as I am aware. " There is another thing about these people which connects them remarkably with the Christians of the first era and distinguishes them as sharply as anything well could do from the average Christian of these days. This is their willingness to suffer for opinion's sake. Perhaps this contributes even more than their orderly, clean, and upright manner of life to make them valuable citizens just now. They are history makers, just as were the first Christian martyrs. It was by bringing out the rancor and cruelty of the Roman Government that the Christians destroyed pagan intolerance. It can only be through such men as these Seventh-day Advent-ists that the inhumanity, bigotry and un-christianity, which inspires all Sunday laws can be forced upon the attention of the people of the United States. I believe that these men will ultimately prove the instruments by which this survival of the union of Church and State will be rooted out of every American commonwealth, and I will further say that if this should prove to be the case, they will have done more for the service of humanity and for the glory and welfare of our country, than the greatest philanthropist, statesman or soldier that ever lived. I am far from attaining to their standard of life, and I do not profess to decide controverted points of doctrine between them and other de-nominations, but I am proud to be associ-ated with them in the humblest capacity in the fulfillment of this which I believe to be their mission. Men are rarer than is generally supposed, and these are men, and I am glad to be among them." A Word to the General Assembly of Tennessee. [This earnest and well-timed appeal to the Gen-eral Assembly of Tennessee is reprinted from the Sabbath Recorder, where it is credited to the Cot-tage Pulpit, of Nashville, Tenn.] THE legislature of Tennessee will be in session here in our beautiful capitol  building when this number of the Cot-tage Pulpit reaches some of our more dis-tant readers. As a whole month will in-tervene before we shall have another chance to speak to these honored repre-sentatives of the people of our State, and they will then be far along in their ninety-day's biennial session, we want to ask a hearing of their clemency upon subjects in which, as a citizen, as a man, and as a servant of God, we feel a profound inter-est. There are two questions, of a religious or semi-religious aspect, both of them, that ought to have attention before this august assembly of a State's legislators. One is the lifting of Tennessee's sovereign arm as an incorporated part of the Amer-ican Nation in a withering rebuke of the Russian perseciltion of the Jews; and this can be done through proper instruc-tion, of our senators and request of our representatives in Congress. This is all we shall say now upon this question. The companion of this in our estimation, only as much more pressing as it is nearer homeŠat our own door, in factŠis the Sabbath question, as it will, or ought to, come before them in the case of the wicked persecution of certain harmless and useful men, women and children, citi-zens of Tennessee, resident in the county of Henry. It will be for this legislature and these honorable, and we hope God-fearing men, whom the favor and con-fidence of their fellow-citizens have sent here to legislate for the commonwealth, to say, whether they endorse that Henry County inquisition or not. It will be for them to purge the State's escutcheon of the stain that these wicked persecutors of good citizens under a form of law have brought upon it, or, by failing to do so, deepen the spot of infamy until honest men traveling abroad will be ashamed to own that they belong to Tennessee. It is to be hoped that there will not be wanting a wise and patriotic statesman in each branch of our legislature who will make it his especial care to prepare and bring forward a proper bill, providing for the repeal of all laws or parts of laws upon our statute-book under color of which any man's religious belief can be made the occasion of his arrest, fine, or imprisonment, to gratify the religious prejudices and petty spite of that major-ity in a neighborhood or county to whom the said religious belief may chance to be objectionable. You owe it, gentlemen of the Tennessee General AssemblyŠlet us say it in all earnestness and respectŠyou owe it to the Constitution of your coun-try, and to the spirit of its framers, to the genius of this enlightened age, and to your solemn oaths as now entrusted with the power to make, amend, or annul the laws of your State (that, under the in-strument of its own organic being, is re-quired to be in accord with and under obe-dience to our great national Constitution, which as you all well know forbids the passage of any law that interferes with freedom of conscience in the practice of a man's religion), you owe it to the truth of God and the voice of the very con-sciences that he has put within you, to do the thing suggested, and to act promptly and without delay. The eyes of men of correct principles, of proper sense of jus-tice under American law, are upon you, to see what you are going to do about the business; for it is a matter in which every real Christian, every true patriot, every man in fact whose heart has not, from long  disuse of its better instincts, dwindled down to the dimensions of a peanut, is interested; for it is a matter patent to everybody that, under color of statutory law in Tennessee men have been, and are now being, deprived of their liberty be-cause in the exercise of their religious convictions, they, after keeping the sev-enth day holy according to the law of God, work on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, without disturb-ing others, either individuals or congre-gations, in their Sunday-rest or their wor-ship on that day. You well know, gentlemen of the Leg-islature, that such a use of the law pro-tecting worshiping assemblies as that made of it in these cases was never con-templated by its framers, or if by any jesuitical design so intended to be used against the few but good Christian people of the country who were then known as keepers of the seventh day Sabbath, the statute was void from the beginning as plainly at variance with the spirit and letter of the amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States on the subject of religious liberty. Allow us to suggest that, inasmuch as malicious persecution is, if we mistake not, and ought to be, a felony in any and every properly regulated legal system, you would do yourselves honor if you would frame a statute fully covering the case of those wicked religious bigots of Henry County, who are said to boast that they will drive the keepers of the seventh-day Sabbath out of the country. If you could by some legal enactment stop the mouths of all such, disturbers of the peace of their inoffensive neighbors who are in every respect better than their persecutors, but are greatly in the minority, you would be doing a good thing. Is not a man's re-. ligious liberty dear to him ; yea, as dear as his life ? If, then, a threat against a man's life is a punishable offense, should not the penal code take some cognizance of the other ? If under ordinary circum-stances a malicious persecutor is the meanest creature that a court of justice is ever called to deal with and punish, how the color of such a character darkens into midnight hues, when from the private in-dividual it becomes, of course only in the name, a Methodist or Baptist, Presby-terian or Christian, or a combination of such, who, to show his zeal for his sect, puts his weak and unpopular brother of another sect " in durance vile," simply because he hates him, and has the legal machinery of his country under his spite-ful fingers, and can do it I Can't you stop this thing, gentlemen of the legisla-ture ? Surely it is the province of the true gentleman wherever he is placed to be the protector of the weak, and the righter of the wronged. IT has been recommended that March 5, be set apart by all denominations as a day for considering in the Sunday-schools and pulpits, the question of Sunday closing. The Christian Patriot heads its review of the lesson for the day thus :Š SUNDAY LAWS. March 5, 1893.ŠKeeping the Sabbath. LEssoNŠNehemiah 13: 15-22. GOLDEN TEXTŠExodus 20: 8. Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. The lesson relates chiefly to the prohibition of Sabbath work by the civil authority, by law. Sun-day, since the resurrection of Christ, is the Sab-bath. The adult Bible class which can keep from considering Sunday laws while studying this lesson must have a queer teacher. Certainly, and still queerer pupils ! 