AtsatIgT 81, 18DR. gnNTINMILa e6o times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him." Luke 17: 4. All this was practically illustrated in the life of our Lord: He left us an ex-ample that we should follow in his steps. He, " when he was reviled, reviled not again, when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously." 1 Peter 2 : 23. " He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth." His only words concerning those who were tortur-ing him were, " Father, forgive them, for they, know not what they do." Such love and forbearance as this are not natural to man, yet they are possible. All this Christ did as a man, but not with the strength of man. " God was in Christ reconciling the world unto him-self." As God was in Christ, so may Christ dwell in our hearts by faith, that we also may "be filled with all the fullness of God." Eph. 3 : 17-19. This cannot be done for a people as a whole, but only as individuals. It is not accomplished by any formal statement of belief, to which all give assent, or subscribe their names, but by Christ's dwelling in each man's heart, through his personal faith. Each one must be able to say for himself, "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live; yet not I, but ChrL .-c.th in me; and the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." Gal. 2: 20. Then how would it be possible for an entire nation to become Christian ? Only by every person's becoming converted, and a follower of Christ. But in that case the nation would cease to occupy a place among the governments of earth. How so ? Because no government on earth could follow the instructions of Christ, and remain in existence. Just imagine a government acting according to the injunction, " Love your enemies; " or " Resist not evil." Its place would be known no more, and it would be absorbed by others. Earthly governments can be maintained only by force, and violence is foreign to the character of Christ. So it is utterly impossible that there should be such a thing on this earth as a Christian government. This does not mean that civil government should be abolished; on the contrary, it is imperatively demanded in the present condition of things; since there are so many who will not behave without the use of force. In the world to come, when the kingdoms of this world have become the kingdoms of our Lord and his Christ, civil government will come to an end; for God's government is a moral government. Then the peace and love of God will reign in every heart. E. J. WAGGONER. Not a Civil Question. THE question of morals and conscience should be relegated to moral and reli-gious agencies. Questions of conscience suffer enormously when there is an at-tempt to legislate upon them. It is not within the province of religion per se, to enter the realm of civil law, and it is just as much out of place for the civil law to come in and compel the enforcement of any matter of conscience, as for instance the observance of the Sabbath. The present governor of Iowa, whose life at the last gubernatorial contest was almost made.a burden, by the assumed Contrary to the Spirit of Christ. ACCORDING to the teaching of our Saviour, it is not right for his professing disciples to call down his vengeance upon those who are not doing, his will, or rather upon those who are not doing what those professing Christians think is his will. He does not approve of it, neither does he answer their prayers. He tells us he came to save men's lives and not to de-stroy them. We read in Luke 9:.51-56, these words :Š And it came to sass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he steadfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem, and sent messengers before his face: and they went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him. And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem. And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. Did the disciples do right in asking that fire might come down upon these people who would not do just what they thought they ought to ? They certainly did not. That spirit is contrary to the Spirit of Christ. Man cannot discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. God alone can do this. Therefore man cannot judge his fellow - man righteously. God is the Supreme Judge of the conscience. What kind of a world would this be if men had the power to punish others if they did not believe as they believed ? Let the fore-going quotation answer. If the spirit of persecution is not the Spirit of Christ then whose spirit is it ? Jesus said, " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of," and in the next verse he shows that it is not his Spirit by the following words : " For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." Then whose spirit is the persecuting spirit ? In another scripture the Lord said to those who were profess- ing to serve God : " Ye are of your father the devil, and the works of your father ye will do." So the spirit of persecution, being contrary to the Spirit of Christ, must be of Satan, and when men pray for destruction to come upon their opponents the Lord does not hear them ; but there is one who hears them, and that one is Satan. He it is who will destroy men's lives, and he would be only too glad to answer their prayers if the Lord would allow him. Now, what must the Lord think of those professing his name to-day who are calling to him to send destruction upon those who  visit the Fair on Sunday ? Even if Sun-day were the Sabbath, would he answer their petitions ? Nearly the whole world is breaking the Sabbath of the LordŠthe seventh day, but does the Lord destroy the world ? Would he destroy it if his disciples were to call upon him to do so ? His answer would be the same as he gave to his early disciples. It is because of his love and mercy that he allows his Sabbath to be trodden upon, that the honest in heart may eventually see that they are going wrong and turn and serve him. National Reformers profess to serve God. They profess to be Christ's disci-ples, and yet they petition him to send the accursed cholera upon the land rather than have the World's Fair a success. Why ? Because it is open on Sunday. They have set themselves up as judges of the consciences of men. If they had their way every person who refused to believe as they believe would be put to death, for they call upon the President to send troops to Chicago to prevent the gates of the Fair from being open on Sunday. What does that mean? It simply means that the troops are to shoot the people down if they persist in having that Fair open on Sunday, and National Reformers would do it themselves if power was given them. But, thank' the Lord, they have not the power yet. They must wait God's ap-pointed time. The spirit of Satan is certainly at the back of the National Reform movement, as every man and women with an honest heart can see. Where are the churches to-day that they would join in such a satanic movement ? Is it not true that Babylon has fallen, and seeing that it is true, what is the duty of God's people ? Let the Lord answer : " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev. 18 : 4. ALFRED MALLETT. Blue Laws Revived in Massachusetts. IN the town of Somerville, Mass., about three 'months ago, Henry D. Padelford, one of its most prominent druggists, was arrested and fined twenty-five dollars for keeping open store on Sunday. Consider-able feeling, which in some cases amounted to indignation, was aroused over this ac-tion at the time. This had partially died down, however, when the smoldering; flickering flame of bigotry burst forth anew. The alleged ground of Mr. Padelford's arrest was selling candy to children and cigars to smokers, on Sunday; this time orders were issued closing barber shops and drug stores, and preventing the deliv-ery of ice cream on Sunday. Accordingly the Somerville News came out under date of June 17 with the whole issue printed on blue paper, and headed, " Blue Law Edi-tion." At the heads of four columns on the first page are printed the following " Blue Laws," with dates : October, 1632, " That noe person shall take any tobacco publiquely, under paine of punishment," attaching a penalty of I d (one penny) for violation thereof ; November, 1637, " That no person shall sell any cakes or buns, . . . upon paine of 10s fine," excepting the selling of cakes " made for any buriall or marriage, or such like spetiall occa-sion ; " September, 1634, " That noe per-son, either man or women, shall hereafter make or buy any apparell either woolen, authority of several churches, particularly the Methodists, to dictate his policy in reference to certain public questions, an-swered these would-be guardians of the people's morals in the following, which has the ring of true Americanism:Š The fundamental principle on which the whole fabric of our political institutions is based, guar-antees to each citizen the greatest possible degree of individual liberty consistent with a just preser-vation of the natural rights of every other individ-ual. It is the uncontroverted right of every man to persuade men to accept the beliefs and practices of conscience that he holds to be right, but when compulsion is re-sorted to, then tyranny enters and we have established the Inquisition and re-kindle anew the fires of persecution. W. E. CORNELL. 