AMERICAN SENTINEL. 547 not men the office. "The eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him." 2 Chron. 16:9. God wants men; and when he finds a man that he can use, he has an office to put him in. The true Christian is never an office-seeker. He simply seeks to know and do the will of the Lord, and be faithful in whatever work God may call him to. There could be no stronger proof needed that the office of army chaplain is not of God's establishing than the fact that it is besieged by applicants and is under the control of the civil gov-ernment. " Christian Citizenship " Committee Work. SOME idea of the systematic work being done by the "Christian Citizenship" movement for the furtherance of its cause, may be obtained from the following sketch of some of the committees now engaged in active work in the State of Illinois:Š "1. Committee on Legislative Departments.ŠThis in-cludes committee on the board of aldermen, county com-missioners, the legislature of Illinois, and the Congress of the United States. "2. Committee on Executive Department.ŠThis in-cludes the town officers, assessor, collector, etc., the mayor, with the departments under him, the sheriff, coroner, etc. ; the governor, secretary of state, etc. ; the president, the army, navy, and other great departments of the General Government. "3. The Judicial Department.ŠThis includes justices of the peace, county, State, and United States judges, and judges of the Supreme Court of the United States. "It is expected that these three committees will learn thoroughly what these different departments are. They will learn who are our representatives in these different departments. They will report from time to time on their actions." "5. Committee on Sunday Rest. It is expected that this committee will report as to whether there is any work done on Sunday, except works of necessity or mercy. If the members of the committee find that there is such work done, they will recommend a plan to the full com-mittee for causing such unnecessary Sunday work to cease. "6. Committee on Obedience to All Laws, by Mem-bers of the Full Committee and Their Friends.ŠThis committee is to carefully digest the local laws and the laws of the State, and see whether there are any laws that have been unnoticed and are thereby being violated, and make a full report of the situation." "8. Committee on Notification.ŠThis committee will consist of the secretary and his assistants, and the duties will consist in notifying every member; associate member, or honorary member, of the various caucuses, primaries, and elections to be held. It will also notify the mem-bers of the regular and special meetings of the general cowmittee. "9. Committee on Candidates.ŠThe duty of this committee:will:consist in making sketches of all candi-dates that are to be voted for at thevarious elections. It is expected:that the records of the candidates will be care- fully examined and truthfully reported to all the members of the general committee. "10. Committee on Patriotic Celebrations.ŠIt will be the duty of this committee to cultivate a higher ap-preciation of the value and sacred obligations of Ameri-can citizenship. They will urge the best methods of cele_ brating Washington's birthday (and Lincoln's birthday, if it seems best), Decoration day, and Fourth of July. They will stimulate not only the holding of meetings, but the decoration of the houses with American flags, etc. It is expected they will work especially among the young people, including the children of the public schools." This sketch is taken from the August Christian En-dea vorer. It is probable that in other States the work is similarly organized, and certain that it will be soon, if not so already. It will be seen that every candidate for office under this Government is to be brought to the test of "Christian citizenship," and if he does not pass the test, the whole force of the organization will be brought to bear, so far as it can be, to defeat him. Of course such an organization will not indorse any candidate who is not in its view a Christian; and thus it will seek to impose a religious test for public office, con-trary to the national Constitution. How much real Christianity there is in this movement may be determined by a comparison of the work outlined above with the work of Jesus of Nazareth when he walked and taught in Judea, and with the gospel commission given by him to his disciples, just prior to his ascension. True Christian Endeavor. BY H. F. PHELPS. " I THEREFORE, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called, with all lowliness and meekness, with long-suffer-ing, forbearing one another in love; endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." Eph. 4 :1-3. This is true Christian endeavor; and this is individual work. "Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith," is another exhortation to true Christian endeavor. Some people are calling for a church party, that they may secure the election of church members to office, and clothe them with civil authority to examine others who may not be in harmony with their faith. They are call-ing for a church party, that they may bring all dissent-ers into the unity of their belief by the power of the State. This is not true Christian endeavor, as history will testify. There was a church party in the time of Constantine, with which he exchanged his influence in religion for the influence of the church party in political matters. Thus an unholy alliance was formed, and the church party led the empire to ruin. This was not true Christian en-deavor. inasmuch as the formation of a church party in this 