ICAN ENTIN 1*',T1  1111111 1  * * * 11 111:1111 11A Vii1111 l dill I 1 111/4  "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS. AND RPLEtrrE  NOT; I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VoL. 12, No. 44. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 11, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Isar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay dor it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) THERE is no worse form of depotism than anarchy. TRUE liberty is inseparable from the principle of the Golden Rule. LAW, in its true sense, is but the defining of the path-way of peace and prosperity. THE man who cannot govern himself is of no real use to any system of popular government. THE best patriotism is that which champions the rights of all individuals, regardless of nationality, color, or belief. THE liberality liberality of thepreseut age is mostly of the kind that has its origin in the commercial instinct. It is man-ifested only in return for value received. WILL America return the same answer to the ques-tion whether democraticgovernment can be permanently successful, that has been given by Greece and Rome? 4444 4 44 WHEN the people vote to be governed by a dictator, as in the laie election in "Greater New York," "popular government" meansgovernment by a dictator and noth-ing more. 4Ł14- - 4' are the servants of corruption," is a scripture which ap-plies well to the promises of liberty made in this day by most of the political leaders. 4144--14-4,444- As well might one think to build a fine edifice without paying any particular attention to the laying of the in-dividual brick, as to think that there can be good gov-ernment through any scheme based upon the idea of con-verting people by wholesale. IT is useless to think of raising the standard of alle-giance to God's Sabbath law by devising means for an improved observance of Sunday. When you miss the mark altogether, it doesn't matter whether your bullet would or would not have been more effective on the target than one you had been using before. What Army Chaplains Are For. RECENTLY, at a "Grand Army" banquet in Buffalo, N. Y., tendered to the President of the United States, Archbishop Ireland spoke in response to the toast, "The Chaplain." As a statement of what are deemed the proper functions of the chaplain's office, the words of this eminent churchman are worthy of consideration. The quotations following give that part of his speech most directly pertinent to the subject:Š "But why in an encampment of veterans mention the army chaplain? Has he had a part even most slight in their achievements? Apparently the part of the chaplain was small, if a part is at all to be credited to him. The chaplain bore no gun upon his shoulder. The chaplain was a non-combatant, a man of peace, whether in camp Ł or on the battle-field. In fact, however, the part of the chaplain was most important. I am making a plea of my own patriotism. I was a chaplain. "The chaplain invested the soldier's fighting, the sol-dier's whole round of labor and suffering, with the halo of moral duty." "WHILE they promise them liberty, they themselves We have never believed in the utility of the office, but 