202 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. found anywhere in the thickly populated portions of the United States. The Ad-ventists are a quiet folk. Neighborhood quarrels and boisterous revelry are alike unknown among them. But for the trains on the railroad, the loudest noises ever heard in the community would be the sound of the ax or hammer. On two days of the week, Sabbath and Sunday, even these sounds are seldom made by Adventists, for while they may be seen quietly at work on Sunday, hoeing gardens, cultivating crops or picking fruit, they avoid all noisy work in deference to their Sunday-keep-ing neighbors and the occasional Sunday churchgoer. The Adventists hold regular Sabbath services in their little church, consisting of a Sabbath-school followed by preach-ing, when a minister is present; otherwise one of the elders gives a short exhortation which is followed by social meeting in which all participate. There is also a regular Wednesday evening prayer and social meeting, which is well attended ; and Friday evening a Sabbath-school teach-ers' meeting. Special meetings are held when a minister is in the neigborhood, and generally on Sunday. None of these services differ materially from similar meetings held by other denominations, except that a deeper feeling of earnestness seems to pervade them. The county being but poorly provided with public schools, a subscription school was started some months ago and is still in successful operation, though likely to be crippled by the persecution of those who are among its principal supporters. This school was designed to be a permanent institution and a part of the plan was to build a new church, in order that the pres-ent building might be better fitted for school purposes. What effect the perse-cution will have on this enterprise, re-mains to be seen. As the money neces-sary, has already been subscribed and some of the preliminary work done, it is probable that the new house of worship will be erected in the near future, notwith-standing the hostile attitude of the au-thorities and the imprisonment of the leading members of the church under an iniquitous Sunday law. The home life of these Adventists is in keeping with their public profession. In their domestic relations, Christian love supplements and strengthens natural affec-tion; and as a consequence both parents and children are happy in the enjoyment of those ennobling pleasures which God has given his creatures to bind them closer to himself and to each other. Theirs is not a gloomy religion. But a cloud has settled over this other-wise happy neighborhood. From four of these homes, the light of the husband's and father's presence has gone out. The eyes of the lonely wife are red with weeping, and the plaintive plea of the children, " 1 want to see my papa," shows that their young hearts have lear aed sorrow also. These people have wronged no man and have lived in all good conscience toward God, yet they suffer under the color and forms of civil law. But there is no repin-ing, no bitterness, no railing, either against the law or the officers who enforce it; they suffer in silence and meek submission, quietly biding God's time, confident that their faith and practice will be vindicated, if not before, at the final Judgment of the great day. And this is in " Christian America," in the nineteenth century of the Christian era! C. P. B. The Establishment of Religion by Colonial Grant and Charter. IN the year 1657 the good people of Plymouth Colony began to put to its legit-imate use the legislative structure which they had built, and which Justice Brewer considers to be one of the foundation stones upon which a " Christian nation" has been set, by decreeing that Quakers and heretics had no part or place in their commonwealth. They came, with but few other religious ideas than those .which belong to an established church, having dissented and seceded from an established church, to found an establishment of re-ligion of their own, where they could have complete freedom of conscience to worship as they pleased, and turn the tables upon those who disagreed with them by themselves becoming persecutors instead of being the persecuted. This was the natural outcome of the thought with which they came, it was the logical result of the laws which they made, and now, in March, 1658, they speak more de-cidedly, and at length, to the same point. The court decrees :Š WHEREAS there hath several persons come into this Government commonly called Quakers, whose doctrines and practices manifestly tend to the sub-version of the fundamentals of Christian religion church order and the civil peace of this Govern-ment as appears by the testimonies given in Sun-dry depositions and otherwise. It is therefore enacted by the Court and the authority thereof that noe Quaker or person commonly soe called be en-tertained by any person or persons within this Government under the penalties of five pounds for every such default, or bee whipt ; and in case any one shall entertaine any such person ignorantly if he shall testify on his oath that hee knew not them to bee such hee shall be freed of the aforesaid pen-altie, provided he upon his first discerning them to bee such doe discouver them to the constable or his deputie. It is also enacted by this Court and the authorities thereof that if any rantor or Quaker or person commonly soe called shall come into any towne within this Government and by any person or persons bee knowne or suspected to bee such, the person so knowing or suspecting him shall forthwith acquaint the Constable or his deputie of them on paine of presentment, and so liable to cen-sure in court who forthwith on such notice of them or any other intelligence hee shall have of them, shall dilligently endeavour to apprehend him or them, and bring them before some one of the majestrates whoe shall cause him or them to be comitted to Gaole, there to be kept close pris-oners, with such victualls onely as the Court alow-ith until hee or they shall defray the charge both of their imprisonment and theire transportation away; together with an Ingagement to returne into this Government noe more or else to be con-tinued in close durance til further order from the Court; and as for as much as the meetings of such persons, whether strangers or others proveth dis-turbing to the peace of this Government: It is therefore enacted by the Court and the Authoritie thereof that henceforth noe such meetings bee as-sembled or kept by any person in any place within this Government under the penalty of forty shil-lings a time for every speaker, and ten shillings a time for every hearer that are heads of families, and forty shillings a time for the owner of the place that permits them soe to meete together. (And if they meet together att theire silent meet-ings soe called then each person soe meeting to-gether shall pay ten shillings a time and the owner of the place shall pay forty shillings a time.) The clause in parenthesis was incorpo-rated in the original draft of the. decree, but as it stands in the clerk's copy has a pen mark drawn through it, as evidence that it was afterward abrogated. But it stands nevertheless as a silent witness, together with the rest of the decree, of the spirit which actuated those, who, ac-cording to the opinion of Justice Brewer of the Supreme Court, were an active factor in the establishment of the religion of this Nation by virtue of which this is a Christian Nation. It begins to look as if some one needed to revise their ideas of Christianity. Of  course it cannot be Justice Brewer, for he is one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States. It is never well to make a hasty decision, and those of us who have given any thought to this subject are able to hold our views and their expression in abeyance until we have studied these old statutes and charters still more. W. H. M. Constitution and Sunday Laws. THE Constitution of the United States of America and the Constitutions of the sev-eral States are the supreme law of the land. All Sunday laws, as such, are made in contravention of these Constitutions and are therefore, notwithstanding the decis-ions of various and sundry courts to the contrary, absolutely null and void in law, and can be shown to be so; although they have been acted upon and men have been most unjustly punished under them. It is time that sensible men look into this thing, for whatever touches the rights of one citizen touches the rights of all. What has been the origin and motive of Sunday laws ? From their beginning in the early part of the fourth century, they have been enacted in the interest of the religion of the majority in power at the time, and more in the interest of the power than the religion. But Constitu-tions are intended expressly to protect all, even a minority of one, in those rights of a free man which are declared by them to be inalienable. And the several Constitu-tions of the States say that every man shall be protected in the " exercise of his religious belief" (premising that such exercise shall interfere with no one else to their injury) and that "no preference shall be given by law to any religious society or mode of worship." Yet these Constitutions are violated daily and by men who call themselves lawgivers and lawmakers. The apathy and blindness of the aver-age American citizen to the danger so fast crowding upon us of a union between Church and State in this country, is something appalling to a looker-on. They think because we have railroads and tel-egraphs and all the science of the nine-teenth century that we can not go back to the Inquisition or to the persecutions of two centuries ago or more. They have forecasts of the weather and yet can not read the signs that foretell the corruption of religion and the destruction of law in the abrogation of our Constitutions and the assumption of authority by fanaticism and bigotry. Why men have already been persecuted under these Sunday lawsŠinnocent, true-hearted men, humble, pious men, simple, and plain men who believed in the Bible, word for word, who believed that " the seventh day is the Sabbath " of the Lord their GodŠ" iu it thou shalt do no work ; " and also believed it to be equally a command of God, " six days shalt thou labor "Šmen who harmed no one, whose lives were singularly peace-ful and pureŠsuch men have been hounded to death in various of our States by reli-gious persecution. And five citizens of Tennessee, Seventh-day Adventists who believe honestly that it is their duty to work six days of the week and rest on the seventh, are now under indictment for the great crime of plowing their own fields on Sunday. Even Constantine in his Sunday laws excepted agriculturalists. It remains for the nineteenth century civ- 