98 C A ic SIMNT9VIINTIEIL, VoL. 11, No. 13. regarded as the one work worthy of the praise of men and the favor of heaven." ' The Council of Clermont assembled in the autumn of 1095. On the tenth day of the Council, Pope Urban II., who had crossed the Alps to be present, ascending a throne, said: " Christian warriors, rejoice! for you who without ceasing seek vain pretext for war have to-day found true ones; you are not now called to avenge the injuries of men, but in-juries offered to God. It is not now a town or castle that will reward your valor, but the wealth of Asia, and a land flowing with milk and honey. If you triumph over your foes, the kingdoms of the East will be your herit-age. If you are conquered,, you will have the glory of dying where Christ died. . . . Gird your swords to your thighs, ye men of might. It is our part to pray, yours to do battle; oursŠwith MosesŠto hold up un-wearied hands, yours to stretch forth the sword against the children of Amalek." " The response to this appeal was just such as might have been expected. From the lips of that mighty throng burst the cry, Dieu le Veut ! Dieu le Veut ! and answering back, the " successor of St. Peter," the self-styled Vicar of the Son of God, said, " God indeed wills it. Go forth, brave warriors of the cross, and let God wills it,' be your watch-word and battle-cry in the holy war." The Red Cross. " As soon," says Ridpath, " as the loud cry of Dieu le Veut was hushed at a gesture from the pope, one of the cardinals arose and pro-nounced a form of confession for all those who would enlist in the holy enterprise. There-upon, Adhemar, bishop of Puy, came forward and received from the hands of Urban one of the red crosses which had been consecrated for the occasion. Knights and barons crowded around the seat of his holiness to receive the sacred badge and to take the oath of loyalty to Christ. The cross of red cloth was then stitched upon the right shoulder of the man-tle, and the wearer became a soldier of the crossŠa Crusader." "From Scandinavia to the-Mediterranean the Crusade was preached with a fiery zeal that kindled a flame in every village. In ac-cordance with a canon of the Council of Cler-mont the taking of the cross was to be accepted in lien of all the penances due to the church. The license thus granted was in the nature of a plenary indulgence and became one of the most powerful incitements to the cause. . . . All the warlike lusts of the age were set at liberty under the sanction of religion and re-tributive justice." " Those who were in debt gladly threw off the burden by assuming the cross. The cred-itor might no longer menace or disturb those who had become the soldiers of Christ. Of-fenders and criminals also found the day au-spicious. No prison wall might any longer restrain him who took the sword against the infidel. Over the thief and the murderer on whose right shoulders appeared the sacred emblem of the holy war the church threw the mgis of her protection. All manner of crime was to be washed white in the blood of the sacrilegious Turks." Massacre, Pillage and Burning. Very naturally the movements of large bodies of such men were attended with every sort of excess. The Crusaders "swept through the German territories," says Ridpath, "like an army of devouring locusts, until through sheer waste of resources they were obliged to divide into smaller masses." Pillage marked  the track of the Crusading hosts; and if they met opposition, massacre too often followed, and this before they had opportunity to cross, swords with the infidel Turks. Semlin, in Austria-Hungary, suffered all the horrors of massacre, pillage and burning, at the hands of men made " soldiers of the cross," by papal decree, and by adopting and wearing a badge. " One band numbering about twenty thou-sand, commanded by Walter the Penniless, of Burgundy, pressed forward through Hungary and Bulgaria in the direction of Constantino-ple. It is said of this advanced host that there were only eight horsemen in the whole num-ber. The rest of the wretched mob proceeded on foot, generally marching without shoes and hundreds falling by the wayside through ex-posure, disease, and famine. Nothing but the tolerance and friendly disposition of Carolman, king of the Hungarians, saved the miserable vanguard from entire destruction. In Bulga-ria, however, the lieutenant of the Eastern Emperor looked with less favor upon the law-less horde that had been precipitated into his kingdom. The Crusaders were quickly cut off from supplies and were obliged to have recourse to violence, but they now found themselves opposed by a race as savage as themselves. " The Bulgarians took up arms to defend their country from destruction. The track of ,Walter and his army was marked with blood and fire. The Crusaders were cut off day by day until at the confines of the country only Walter and a few followers remained to make their way through the forests to Constanti-nople. The Sack of Semlin. " Meanwhile the second division of the host, numbering about lolly thousand men, women and children, under the command 'of Peter the Hermit himself, pressed on in the same direction taken by Walter. Their march was promoted through Hungary by the favor of king and people. The wants of the vast multitude were supplied, and friendly rela-tions were maintained, as far as the city of Semlin. Here on the walls were displayed some of the spoils which had been taken two months previously from Walter and his sav-ages. On seeing these tokens of their friends' overthrow the Crusaders broke into ungov-ernable rage, and fell furiously upon the offending city. The ramparts were scaled, thousands of the people were butchered, and Semlin suffered all the horrors of pillage and burning." " True, these things were committed by an unorganized mob that never actually reached Palestine. But the regular Crusaders were little better. Having cast away the gospel bands from them to the extent of entering upon war for the furtherance of the gospel, why should they stop short of any excess? Of the host that besieged and finally cap-tured Antioch, Ridpath says: " One of the chief incentives to the uprising had been the license freely offered by the Church to all who should be victorious over the infidel. To them restraint should be unknown. The maidens of Greece and the dark-eyed houris of Syria, were openly named as a part of the reward ue to them who should hurl the Turk from his seat on the tomb of Christ; and the Crusader in his dreams saw the half-draped figures of Oriental beauties flitting in the far mirage. Before the walls of Antioch the men of the West sat down to enjoy whatever the land afforded. The god of license became the favorite divinity. All restraint was cast aside.  Every village in the surrounding country was recklessly pillaged, and the camp of the Cru-saders was heaped with spoils. Then the armed warriors gave themselves up to feasting and love-making with the Syrian damsels. Bishops of the Church wandered wantonly through the orchards and lay on the grass playing dice with Cyprians." " The Slaughter at Jerusalem. And finally, when Jerusalem was taken by the professed followers of the Prince of Peace, indiscriminate slaughter followed. " Blood," says the historian, " flowed in the gutters, and horrid heaps of the dead lay piled at every corner. None were spared by the frenzied Christians, who saw in the gore of the infidels the white way of redemption. Ten thousand dead, scattered through the city, gave token of the merciless spirit of the men of the West. Another ten thousand were heaped in the reeking courts of the great mosque on Mount Moriah. God wills it,' said the pilgrims. The indiscriminate butchery of the Saracens was carried out by the rank and file of the Crusading army. In this bloody work they needed no incentiveŠno commander. Each sword flamed with hatred until it was cooled in the dripping life of the enemies of Christ." " Such were the deeds done and the scenes enacted in the era of the Crusades in the name of Christianity. And what was accomplished? Absolutely nothing for either true religion, or genuine civilization; and worse still, Chris-tianity became with millions of the human race a hissing and a by-word. Henceforth it was to be judged, not by the sublime precepts of its Founder, not by the spiritual truths which he taught, or by the spiritual power he had promised, but by the sack of Antioch, by the massacre at Jerusalem, by the rivers of blood that everywhere flowed in the track of the Crusaders. And who was to blame? Who but the leaders in religious thought? Who but the religious teachers of the day? Suppose that instead of preaching the Crusades, Peter the Hermit had preached the gospel of the Son of God. Suppose that, like the apostle, he had been an ambassador of peace and not of war, how different might have been the history of the eleventh and twelfth centuries; yea, of all subsequent time! "PROTECTING" RELIGIOUS LIBERTY..  THE Christian Advocate, of February 20, commenting upon the provisions of the New York State Sunday law, says: " Section 204 protects religious liberty in the following: ' It is a sufficient defense to prosecution for work and labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time, and does not labor on that day, and that the labor" com-plained of [Sunday labor] was done in such a manner as not to interfere with or disturb any other person in observing the first day of the week as holy time.'" If religious liberty in the State of New York had no better protection than this, we think it would not long survive. By the provisions of this section, but two classes of citizens are considered as entitled to religious liberty; namely, those who observe Sunday, and those who uniformly keep an-other day of the week as holy time. All other classes may whistle for their religious liberty, hut never get it so far as the law is 11  History of the World, Vol. II, chap. XVII. 12  " lb. chap. XVIII. 16 lb. IS rb.  