AMERICAN SENTINEL. 683  Peter, Paul, and others of their time, but not a single funny thing appears, nor was there any laughter on the part of those who listened. The painful impression is made that the prevailing type of Christianity nowadays is vastly different from that of Christ and the apostles. Either such serious themes are not handled, or else their seriousness does not weigh very heavily on speakers and hearers. 4,  The Secret Working of Rome. High Church doctrines, even insisting upon going to confession, in some cases without the knowledge of their parents. Sisterhoods and convents have played a great part in this work, for women have come under the power of these Ritualist priests through the confessional to an amazing extent. Catechisms and manuals are also cir culated largely, and many of them teach such doctrines as the necessity of priestly absolution for the forgive-ness of sins. I will quote one specimen from the cate-chism published by the League of the Holy Cross for young children:Š "'It is to the priest only that the child must ac-knowledge his sins if he desires that God should forgive him. Do you know why? It is because God, when on earth, gave to his priests and to them alone the divine power of forgiving sins. Go to the priest, who is the doctor of your soul, and who cures you in the name of God. I have known poor children who concealed their sins in confession for years; they were very unhappy; were tortured with remorse, and if they had died in that state they would certainly have gone to the everlasting fires of hell.' "I have examined several of these catechisms and have found these doctrines contained in most of them. They all teach that the priest is a kind of miracle worker; that he receives at ordination supernatural powers. "As to the teaching regarding what they call the Holy EucharistŠthey never use the scriptural term, 'the Lord's Supper"ŠI quote as follows from one of these catechisms for children:Š "`When the priest begins the prayer that which is on the altar is bread and wine; when the priest ends the prayer, that which is on the alter is Christ's body and blood; it is Jesus; it is God. Who does this? The priest acting for Jesus in the power of the Holy Ghost. How does he do it? I cannot tell you. He does not know himself how he does it, but it is done. It is a work of God, and no one knows how God works. If you were to ask the great St. Michael, he could not tell you. If you were to ask the blessed Mary, she could not tell you. It is God's own secret, a knowledge which belongs to him and to no one else. We go to the altar and kneel down and the priest comes to us with the blessed sacra-ment. We receive that which looks like bread and which tastes like bread; we receive that which looks like wine and which tastes like wine; but that which we receive is the body and blood of Christ. It is Jesus himself; it is ALMIGHTY Go D.' "Indeed, there is an absolute contradiction between evangelical and sacerdotal religion. No compromise between the two systems is possible. The attempt to combine them both in the English Prayer Book has an enfeebling effect upon the mind. It leads to casuistry and is the parent of a whole crop of shifts and evasions. The origin of this difficulty was the compromise in the time of Elizabeth between the Protestant and Catholic elements in England. The Reformation was arrested in its natural development at the instance of the sove-reign. To please the Protestants the articles were.  drawn up in a strongly Calvinistic and evangelical sense, but the liturgy contains considerable remains of Roman Catholic doctrine. Hence there have always been kw 0  parties in the national church, each trying to overturn the other. A PAPER read at the Alliance of Reformed Churches in Washington, by Samuel Smith, member of Parlia-ment, throws much light on the ritualistic controversy now agitating Great Britain, and which some fancy will result in the disestablishment of the Anglican Church. It presents an interesting and instructive picture of the secret workings of Rome, which Rome practises in every country where Protestantism has gained much power; and to successfully oppose which only the Word of God has proved effective. The substance of this paper is as follows:Š "The question that eclipses all others in the reli-gious world of Great Britain and her colonies is the enormous growth of sacerdotalism in the Anglican Church. It affects not only the British colonies, but also the United States; indeed, wherever the English language is spoken; and it is closely connected with the enormous efforts which the Church of Rome is making to regain her hold on the Anglo-Saxon race. The evan-gelical and sacerdotal conceptions of Christianity can not harmonize. They are radically opposed. Salva-tion by faith in Christ is not reconcilable with salvation by priests and sacraments. These two conceptions are now in deadly antagonism in the Anglican Church. "This Romanizing movement has been spread largely by secret societies in the Anglican Church. These have now been fully disclosed to the world in the remarkable book, 'The Secret History of the Oxford Movement,' by Walter Walsh. Some of these societies are the Holy Cross, the Guild of All Souls, the Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament, besides the great public society, the English Church Union. These contain seven or eight thousand clergy. They all teach high priestly doctrines, some of them almost every doctrine of the Church of Rome, including the mass and confessional, the invoca-tion of the saints and of the Virgin Mary, Purgatory, and the seven sacraments. "Among the means used to propagate these doc-trines theological colleges have been chief. Most of the colleges now belong to the Ritualist party, and in most of these the confessional is insisted upon. "Doctrines are taught which differ little from those of the Church of Rome. Elementary schools are also largely used. More than half the children of England are educated in Church of England schools, which are practically under the control of the parish priests. Then at confirmation a large proportion of the youth of Eng-land passes through the hands of the clergy, and many of them use this opportunity for inculcating extreme 