658 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christianity is not susceptible of subdivisions into species and varieties. It' is one and the same thing for all individuals on the earth. And this is why there can be no such thing as national Christianity. Such a thing would partake of the distinc-tive qualities of the nation to which it pertained; other-wise there would be no foree in calling it national. So we would have as many different kinds of Christianity as there might be nations who should choose to join them-selves with it. Christianity says; "God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ." It sees not the cross and the flag, but the cross only. The American flag, or any other national flag, stands for war as much as it does for peace. It is borne at the head of the armies and navies of the nations in deadly combat with each other. Nor does it change one iota on such an occasion from that which it is when wrapped about the cross to form the symbol of "Christian citizen-ship." But Christianity stands for peace, and that al-ways. Christianity is love,,and not variance and bitter-ness. The cross stands infinitely above the flag. The flag is of the earth; the cross is not of earth. No added mean-ing need or can be given, by anything on earth, to its wondrous significance as the token of salvation for a lost and dying race. Nor can the cross impart any sig-nificance to the flag. Taken together, the two can sym-bolize only something incongruous, unchristian, and un-American. "OF course, the whole system is a farce, and meant to be so." This is what Gen. W. T. Sherman said of army chaplains. See article on page 6'61. The "Question Before the House." AN individual:may be pardoned for not keeping track of all that is going on in the world in this "fast" age, but there is a dangerousnegligence in this particular revealed in the language of an esteemed correspondent who writes us that he does not see what use there is for the SENTINEL at the present time. "It seems to me," he says, "that there is no question before the house, and that the. SEN-TINEL is firing at dead issues." We had supposed everybody who read the SENTINEL was aware of the movement that has now for some years been on foot in the churches of this country to "enthrone Christ" in the politics of this nation. That movement was never so formidable as it is to-day. It is represented by the "Christian Citizenship," "Christian Endeavor," and other organizations of a religious nature, numbering millions of young, active, and zealous adherents. And these millions of young people are only the latest recruits to the army which is working to secure this "national reform." Shall Christ be "enthroned" in our politics? is the  question before the house. Or in other words, Shall the religious movement succeed which, its adherents claim, will "enthrone Christ on Capitol Hill," but which in reality will unite church and state? A very live issue is this, and one which concerns the welfare of every individual in the country. AndŠwe repeatŠthis movement was never so formidable as it is to-day. 1• Ł -4 IF to observe a weekly day of rest is a matter of per-sonal right, it should be recognized as the privilege of the individual to so rest if he chooses to do so. But the Sunday law denies that any person shall exercise their own choice in the matter, and thereby denies that a weekly rest is a matter of individual right. Professing to uphold the right, it in reality denies it altogether. A Threatened Union of Church and State. To the Mormons in Utah President Woodruff of their hierarchy has proclaimed : "Unite in your temple work, and unite in your politics." And the newspapers are calling this a "threatened union-of church and state" in Utah. Yes, that is what it is. But that is nothing new, nor is it peculiar to Utah. For years the same thing has been threatened, and in the .same way, by the professed Protestant churches of the whole country, and with re-spect to the politics of the nation. In 1893 these churches throughout the whole country, united in their politics and showered Congress with their united pledge "never to vote for, nor support in any way, for any office or position of trust," any member of Con-gress who refused to vote at that particular time as they dictated. We said all the time that this work of these churches threatened a union of church and state. This was so plain that all could see it; yet the press generally, for some reason, would not denounce it as such. But as soon as the Mormons propose the same thing, only in the little State of Utah, it is heralded over the country as a threatened union of church and state. This is right; but why be so partial? It is no worse in- the Mormon Church than it is in the professed Protestant churches of the whole country. The Christian Endeavorers, the Christian Citizenship Leagues, the Law and Order Leagues, and a number of other organizations, have for some time been making prominent this very matter of uniting in their politics. Why is not this noted as a threatened union of church and state? For that is exactly what it is. The Mormon Church proposes to unite in their poli-tics, in order that they can have the will of their church combination respected and carried into effect by the State of Utah. All these other church combinations did the same thing in 1892 and 1893, and they are doing it yet, 