220 THE A_NIBIZICAN SENTINEL. Saturday afternoon a .legal holiday, and banks, courts, etc., must of necessity sus-pend business, because business done at that time would not be legal. But to make Sunday dies non would not satisfy Sunday-law advocates. This is exactly the case with Sunday in California. It is a legal holiday, no public business is done and would not be legal if it were done, and yet, Sunday advocates say that Cali-fornia has no Sunday law, and they are demanding that a Sunday law be enacted in that State. The truth is, that that which they want is a statutory recogni-tion of Sunday as a sacred day. And that, they say, would not be religious legislation ! C. P. B. The Bible in the Schools. THE Rhode Island Congregational Con-ference recently adopted resolutions de-nouncing the action of the School Board in discontinuing the reading of the Bible in the public schools of Providence. This action of the Conference is reviewed and criticised in the following excellent edi-torial from the Providence Evening Bul-letin :Š The view of the matter taken by the Congregational Conference is, we think, wholly mistaken. It is based on a radical misunderstanding of the function and scope of the public schools; and we can-not believe that it is taken by the great majority of intelligent and fair-minded people, whatever their religious predilec-tions. The idea lying behind these reso-lutions, as well as the thought running through all arguments for the retention of the Bible in the schools, seems to be that its removal is in some way a conces-sion to the Catholics. As a matter of fact it is nothing of the sort. The reason that decided the discontinuance of Bible read-ing in the schools of Providence, the reason that has ruled in other similar cases, and the reason that must finally prevail everywhere, is that this change is necessary in order to make the public schools exactly what they are intended to be and nothing more. In a land like ours where freedom of conscience and of worship is a fundamental guarantee, the only justifiable purpose of the public-school system must be to fur-nish a purely secular education under such circumstances and conditions as will make it available to all classes and sects in the community. The. concession, then, would be in leaving the Bible in the schools. That would be a concession to the extreme, but it cannot be thought common Protest-ant contention that the public schools should be Protestant institutions as re-gards both control and instruction and, inevitably if not intentionally, as regards attendance. For the Bible cannot be used in the  schools, to be read without comment or explanation, without putting sectarianism into the system of public instruction. That the reading of the Bible in the schools is a sectarian act has been estab-lished by the recent court decision in Wis-consin, and it is obvious, indeed, from the most ordinary common sense view of the question. Any pupil of ordinary intelli-gence who listens to the reading of doc-trinal portions of the Bible will be more or less instructed thereby in . . . doc-trines about which there is sectarian dif-ference of opinion. Now, sectarian instruction must cer-tainly comprehend the inculcation of re-ligious doctrines upon which there is any difference Of opinion. And as the Catholic Church declares that the version used in the schools is inaccurate and misleading on many points, as the Unitarian and Universalist Churches must hold that the reading of the Scriptures without com-ment or exposition is likely to lead to erroneous beliefs, as the Jews cannot con-sider the New Testament a sound body of doctrine, and as Agnostics would not have the Bible as a whole made a part of dogmatic instruction, it is clear that its reading is sectarian teaching. Conse-quently its reading has no proper place in schools that are meant to be non-sectarian. That is the first reason why it is excluded. Its retention makes the public educational system something other than " free " to all classes and sects. It makes them sec-tarian and leaves them available by only a portion of those who are compelled to pay taxes to support them. But that is not the only reason for the discontinuance of a practice which, at the best, is perfunctory and of no practical advantage from any point of view. Perhaps the stronger reason is in the necessity of entirely separating relig-ion and worship from public education if the functions of State and Church are to be kept wholly separate. -As cannot be too often insisted the sole purpose of the public-school system is to provide a secu-lar education, which is clearly within the province of the Government. It is not to give religious instruction or provide a place of worship, which is as clearly a private matter. But the reading of the Bible, so far as it amounts to anything at all, is religious instruction and the place where the Bible is read is, to that extent, as the Supreme Court of Wisconsin lately declared, a place of worship. Even were it practicable, then, to pro-vide an -amended version of the Scrip-tures which should contain no doctrinal points, its reading would still be out of place in the public schools. There is no more- reason for opening the- sessions of, the latter with devotional exercises than there would be- in beginning the day's labor in stores and factories with similar ceremonies. The school is a place of work. It is a place where children are sent to get  a secular education. The inculcation of religious doctrine and the cultivation of the feelings of worship are matters for the home and Church. They are matters with which the Government has no con-cern and which it cannot interfere in without uniting the functions of Church and State in a manner and to a degree wholly repugnant to the spirit of Ameri-can institutions. We, here in Providence, have taken that broad and sensible view of the question and by discontinuing the practice of open-ing the schools with Bible reading, have removed the last vestige of sectarianism from our school system. We have thus placed the system on a basis of equal opportunity for all, making it equally available, without violation of conscience, for Protestants or Catholics, Jews or Ag-nostics, though, of course, those who hold that religious training should be an in-tegral part of education are not, and can-not be, satisfied with it. That much it was our plain duty to do as citizens of a State that intends to offer free education to all, and that is supposed, indeed, to compel the school attendance of all chil-dren of school age ; and anything less than that would not have sufficed. We have simply made the schools of this city what they are intended to be, on our theory of government, and nothing, more. In deprecating that action, the Congregational Conference, puts itself in a position which reflects little credit on its intelligence and liberality, and in which it cannot be believed it will be joined by the majority of American people, least of all by the people of Rhode Island, who from the first have so strenuously insisted on absolute freedom of conscience, and the entire separation of the affairs of the Church from the affairs of the State. The Sabbath Is Not a Civil Institution. I NOTICED recently an article in defense of Sabbath laws by Hon. E. L. Pan-cher, LL. D., entitled, " The Sabbath as a Civil Institution," which set me to think-ing. The drift of the argument seems to be that as the " Christian Sabbath is ob-served and well established in the United States," and is "regulated by laws passed to secure the good order of society," that it is therefore a " civil institution," and " is a right of the citizen that it should be observed as a day of cessation from labor, and of quiet and order." Now I cannot possibly see any logic in these statements. The mere fact that it is observed and well established, and pro-tected by laws does not prove that it is either the Sabbath or a civil institution. When we come to examine the Sabbath as a religious institution, we want better authority than its being " observed and well established " in any nation. If that argument be true, the Sabbath of the Mo-hammedan is just as much the Sabbath or 