AMERICAN SENTINEL. 409 Is This a Christian Nation ? No, it is not; and it is gratifying to find those who have such sound ideas on the matter, as is indicated by the following, which we take from the editorial colums of the American Banner, of Philadelphia, Pa.:Š "Many people, of all shades of belief, have become very fond of claiming that 'this is a Christian nation.' The thing is ABSOLUTELY IMPOSSIBLE! Only an individual can become a Christian, and a comparatively few Chris-tians in a nation does not make it a Christian nation, any more than 'a few righteous people in Sodom and Gomorrah made those cities righteous. To claim that this is a Christian nation is tantamount to saying that religion and civil government are already united in this country, for no government becomes 'Christian' without forming a union with the church, the same as the indi-vidual does upon joining, to be subject to her laws and doctrines." W. E. C. SOME idea of the reasons which are usually set forth in an application for appointment to the office of chap-lain, may be had from a published letter of application made by a minister of Iowa to Governor Shaw, of that State. A religious journal enumerates the points made in the application:Š "He was a missionary to South America in Panama and Aspinwall, and was chaplain of the Panama Canal Company. He is immune against yellow fever, having been through a siege of it, and is familiar with the dis-eases and dangers of the climate. He has preached on decks, wharves and streets, in city and country, for twenty years. He is an American and has great hopes for the future of the country. His father raised a com-pany at the outbreak of the war in 1861; his grandfather was in the War of 1812; and his great-grandfather and three brothers were soldiers in the War of the Revolution. The first of the family came over in 1635, landed at Cape Cod, and dwelt in Plymouth. He can read Spanish well and speak it some. He says that if appointed he will wage war against 'Rum, Romanism, and Rebellion,' which he charges have been the curse of all the republics in South and Central America." We see nothing in this to prove the applicant was spiritually qualified to minister divine grace to the soul; but this is a point about which a civil ruler is not sup Ł posed to concern himself, as there is nothing in a civil office which qualifies the holder for discernment in spiritual affairs. In such appointments, the spirituality of the applicant is the least of all matters considered. In the very nature of things, it could not be otherwise. Tills is the resolution with regard to the claim of the Methodist Church South, introduced in the Senate June 9 by Mr. Lodge, of Massachusetts: "Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be directed to inquire and report to whom the money was paid under the claim of the Methodist Book Concern South; and also as to all circumstances connected with the passage of the bill providing for the payment of said claim, and with  the subsequent payments of the money under said act of Congress." Since the trickery of the Methodist agents in getting this claim allowed has been exposed, some of the minis-ters are trying to save the reputation of the church by loudly demanding that the money be returned to the treasury of the United States, which of course cannot be done, as the attorney'already has his fee of $100,800, and a large part of the balance has been distributed by order of the conference. Zion's Outlook, a Methodist paper published in Nashville, has three' condemnatory articles in one issue, perhaps inspired by the proposition to make a rival Methodist paper, the Advocate, a daily on a capital of $75,000 drawn from the fund. The Rev. Dr. Lovejoy, of Atlanta, one of the most prominent Methodists in the South, calls the money tainted because some of it went to a lawyer for lobbying the claim. But all these gentlemen are too late in discovering the "taint," which does not consist so much in hiring an ' attorney on commission as in presenting the claim in the first place. Every dollar paid out of money raised by general taxation, for the benefit of ecclesiastical institu-tions, is tainted with the corruption of illicit relations between the state and the church.Š The Truth Seeker. SOME timely observations upon the duties which a true patriotism imposes upon American citizens in the situation which has arisen from the prospect of terri-torial extension in foreign lands, were made by ex-Presi-dent Cleveland in his address to the students of Princeton University, June 21. In part, Mr. Cleveland said:Š "The American people are tempted every day and every hour to abandon their accustomed way and enter upon a course of new and strange adventure. Never be-fore in our history have we been beset with temptations so dangerous as those which now whisper in our ears alluring words of conquest and expansion and point out to us fields bright with the glory of war. "Since patriotism underlies good citizenship you should avoid a misconception of the meaning of this word. I believe there is sometimes a tendency to think of patriotism as something bellicose and defiant, best illustrated by noisily bragging of our national prowess, quarrelsomely seeking some one who dare dispute it and threatening war against the combined world on the slightest pretext. Of course true patriotism is a very dif-ferent thing. If it is exhibited by the man who leaves home and friends to follow our flag in war and risk his life in his country's quarrel, it is none the less exhibited by the wife or mother who remains at home to weep and mourn." "Do not fail to gain by study and reflection a just apprehension of the purposes and objects for which our Government was established to the end that you may de-tect any proposed departure from such purposes and objects and be able to form an opinion as to its justifica-tion or desirability. You will probably be led by your study and reflection to the conclusion that our Govern-ment was formed for the express purpose of creating in a new world a new nation, the foundation of which should be man's self-government, whose safety and prosperity should be secure in its absolute freedom from Old World 