u1.1111111 s'i!"!!',1111. Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MAY 28, 1891. NUMBER 22. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THE only purpose for which power call be rightfully exercised over any mem-ber of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own: good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant.ŠJohn Stuart Mill. IT is said that at an educational con-ference, held in Germany not long since, the Emperor declared that he would make it his sacred duty, as the head of the nation, to promote the inculcation of a moral and Christian spirit in the public schools. However indefinite the expres-sion which the Emperor may have used, it is yet quite sufficient for those who desire to see governmental authority as-sert itself for the promulgation of relig-ious doctrine and the enforcement of ob-servances accepted by the majority as Christian, to find in this imperial voice much food for gratulation as to the rapid and widespread advance of their crusade for the establishment of a world wide po-litical religion. THE Christian Statesman finds fault with the manner in which President Har-rison and party spent the last Sunday of their recent return trip from the Pacific Coast. The train bearing the party did not reach Glenwood Springs, Colorado, until 4 o'clock Sunday morning. At 8 o'clock a committee escorted the President to break-fast at a hotel. At 11 o'clock the Presi-dent and some of his party attended serv-ice at the Presbyterian Church. During the afternoon Mr. Harrison received sev- eral delegations from surrounding towns, and addressed two meetings held in his honor. On both occasions his remarks were mildly religious, appropriate to the day as it is generally regarded. At 6 o'clock P. M., the train, in harmony with orders from the President, left Glenwood Springs, and the party spent the night in their car on a side track twenty-four miles from the scene of Mr. Harrison's wrecked resolution to observe Sunday according to the most approved Presbyterian fashion. Our opinion, however, is that it is none of the Christian Statesman's business how the President spent Sunday. -4* * The Abuse of Civil Government. IN our article on the " Use of Civil Government " we saw that its only legit-imate use was to protect the people in the exercise of their inherent rights, never to dictate to or direct them in the exercise of said rights. On this point, Mr. Buckle, in his " History of Civilization," says :Š To maintain order, to prevent the strong from oppressing the weak, and to adopt certain precau-tions respecting the public health, are the only services which any government can render to the interests of civilization. He also adds But the accusation which the historian is bound to bring against every government which has hith-erto existed is, that it has overstepped its proper functions, and, at each step, has done incalculable harm. In this article on the abuse of civil gov-ernment, I do not propose to speak of those open and flagrant abuses of power, which, lying on the surface of history, are recognized by all; but rather of those more subtle abuses of authority into which the possessor of power is often led even by the desire to benefit humanity. These are the abuses which are in danger of being repeated, and on these rests the whole religio-political movement of to-day, against which THE SENTINEL sharpens its shafts of logic and sarcasm. The idea seems to everywhere exist, that the gov-ernment is the proper means of reforming  the people, whereas the fact is, that the people are the only means of reforming the government. The National Reform-ers and all other religio-political organ-izations, seem to think that if a reforma-tory law can by any means be lobbied into the statute book, that reform is already far on its way toward completion, whereas I shall show that any attempt of govern-ment to reform the people or advance them morally, religiously or intellectually, must inevitably tend diametrically oppo-site to the desired result. In any form of government, unless it be an absolute despotism, a law to be en-forced must have a strong public opinion back of it. This opinion must represent, at least, the major influence if not the majority in numbers, otherwise the law is a dead letter. Our statute books are crowded with laws which are never en-forced simply because the majority of the people have outgrown them. They ought to be repealed, for the open viola-tion of such dead laws, especially if they be newly enacted statutes, tends to create a disregard for all law and a contempt for all government. But it is evident that no such public opinion can ever orig-inate simultaneously on any theme of ad-vanced thought. The history of the world has demonstrated that every advanced thought in science, in art, in literature, or in religion, has always come to some one man first. First there was one, then two, then three who believed it, and the conflict was long and perilous before the majority or the multitude accepted it. Now, as law without public opinion is worse than useless, tending directly to-ward disrespect for, and disobedience of, all law; and as public opinion is always nec-essarily far behind the advanced opinion of the minority on all subjects of progres-sive thought, it follows that government must always represent the conservative party and never the really progressive party, or party of reform. Therefore, whenever goverement goes beyond its legitimate sphere of simply protecting people in the exercise of their rights, and 