VYMMIY111111 EWS, NOTES AND COMMENT ' 474 THE'SEN7'INEL OF LIBERTY.- an entity, not the Jupiter, nor the Jehovah, but that he represents heaven;, that is to say, pa.ntheism. Wit-_ liams, the great missionary, diplomatist and author, disposes of the question as follows : "The idea that the Chinese have of heaven seems to be pantheistic, and in worshiping heaven, earth, and terrestrial gods they mean to include and propitiate all superior powers. If, as seems probable, the original idea of Shangti, as it can be imperfectly gleaned from early records, was that of the Supreme intelligence, it has since been lost." I cannot see how this idea has been lost. As was done six thousand years ago, so to-day the emperor performs the ancient rites, and worships Shangti, and invites him to banquet with his imperial ancestors. Nothing ever changes in China. This is the religion of the state. For the people there are three sects, usu-ally called Confucianism, Buddhism, and Taoism, or rationalism. Among the gentry and literati naturally Confucianism is the most popular, because it is no re-ligion at all ; it is simply philosophy. Confucius had little to say about religion. He confined himself to man's -duty to his neighbor, and let the gods alone. He did not teach the duty of man to a higher power. In our day Łhe would have been called an agnostic. Williams says : "He admitted that he did not understand much about the gods, and that the obligations of man lay rather in doing his duties to his relatives and society than in worshiping spirits unknown. 'Not knowing even life,' said he, 'how can we know death ?' " I shall imitate the modesty of Confucius and not undertake to discuss a subject that I know nothing aboutŠthe purpose of this article being simply to show how theocratic principles enter into the actual admin-istration of governmental affairs in the Chinese em-pire. Among the resolutions adopted at the recent meeting of the W. C. T. U. of Manitoba, held at Portage la Prairie, was this one touching Sunday ob-servance: ResolvedŠThat we guard our Lord's day, and that we co-operate with the Provincial Lord's Day Alli-ance in endeavoring to secure better enforcement of the same. That we do our best to assist trainmen in obtaining Sabbath rest by discouraging Sunday traveling, Sunday newspapers, etc., and that we aid, by all the influence we possess, every endeavor to at-tain this object, not only for trainmen but for mer-chants, mail clerks, milkmen, and all whom we know are laboring on this day. The "Provincial Lord's Day Alliance" is an organ-ization formed for the purpose of securing the legal enforcement of Sunday. It is of the same character exactly as the various "Lord's Day" and "Sabbath" unions, associations, and alliances in the United States. The one dominant thought in all of them is to compel by civil law the observance of a religious in-stitution. It is reported that Russian soldiers are perpetrat- ing atrocities on women and children in China. * Recent events in South Africa indicate that the Boer war is not yet over. Within three weeks the Boers have outgeneraled their opponents in a remark-ably skillful manner. Lord Roberts is calling for re-inforcements from England, and all the seasoned men available are being sent out to him. * * It is announced that President McKinley's "policy will be to cooperate with the Powers for the relief of the foreigners in Peking if alive, and of punishment of their murders, if dead. The United States will fur-nish its full quota of men and warships and bear a share in all needed expense, but the United States will not be a party to any alliance hereafter for the dis-memberment of China or the acquisition of territory." * * * It is now announced that within a few months Cuba is to have "independence," but with limitations : "1. The foreign relations of Cuba to be managed through the American government at Washington. "2. Cuba to have no power to declare war without the consent of the United States. "3. The United States Government to have a veto power over legislation increasing the Cuban debt be-yond certain limits to be set forth in the new consti-tution. "4. The United States to have a certain well-de-fined supervision over the Cuban treasury. "5. The United States to retain for a period of years, if not indefinitely, control of the fortifications which command the port of Havana and other import-ant cities of the republic." * * * The Houghton County (1\flich.) Ministerial Associa-tion has started the boycott on the Houghton Daily Mining Gazette. A dispatch to the Chicago Chroni-cle says that at numerous churches in the copper dis-trict, Sunday, July 22, the services were "devoted to a plea for boycotting this newspaper, which started a Sunday edition four weeks ago and has contuma-ciously refused to suspend the same at the behest of the allied preachers. At the, churches whose pastors preached against Sunday newspapers printed postal cards were distributed for signatures of subscribers 