54 A_IN111-1,111CAINT VoL. 11. No:  7 dangering its liberties. If this principle is once introduced, it will be impossible to define its bounds. Among all the religious persecutions with whioh almost every poge of mo tern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has wisely withheld from our Government the power of defining the divine law. It is a right reserved to each citizen; and while he respects the rights of others, he cannot be held amenable to any human tribunal for his conclusions. Extensive religious combina-tions to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the es-tablishment of a principle which, in the opin-ion of the committee, would lay the founda-tion for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future meas-ures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism com-mences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence. DOINGS AT THE CAPITAL. [Special correspondence from Washington.] THE devotion and zeal shown by the advocates of Sunday legislation is certainly worthy of a better cause. If the labor and energy expended in the effort to arouse the masses of the people in the interest of this movement, were directed toward the elevation of the true Christian standard among the churches, backed by the Spirit of the Lord, it would certainly result in a great awakening. Washington is to have another Sunday organ-ization, and this time it is to be a women's organization, to be known as the Women's Sabbath Alliance of the District of Columbia. The preliminary work of organization has already been done. The daughter of Secre-tary Morton was elected President, and among the many Vice-Presidents are the following ladies: Mrs. Wm. L. Wilson, wife of the at-torney-general; Mrs. Hoke Smith, wife of Secretary of the Interior; Mrs. Justice Har-lan; Mrs. Senator Frye; Mrs. Senator Cullom, and many other women of note. It is the plan of this Society to appoint a committee of two in each separate church organization in the District, whose duty will be "to obtain members, and work up meet-ings in the interest of Sunday observance, and use every means possible to create a sentiment in its favor. " The declaration of principles contains the following language: " The women of America, recognizing the American Christian Sabbath as our rightful in-heritance, bequeathed to us by our forefathers as the foundation of our national prosperity, as the safeguard of our social, civil and relig-ious blessings, etc. " Then follows a solemn pledge that every member is required to sub-scribe to, that they will promote by every means in their power the observance of Sun-day as a day of rest and worship, will seek the cessation of all traffic, entertainments, and amusements, and will confine themselves and households to such literature as will con-serve the highest spiritual good on that day. This is to be the centre of a national organ- ization, and it was decided to cooperate with the Ep worth League, Christian Edeavor, and other like organizations "for patriotic reas ,115. " And I may add that the time seems near when every society for so ( all. d reform mast have Sunday attached to it " for patriotic reasons" to meet with popular favor. The question of a Sunday " law " for the District of Columbia is still kept before the people, and the commissioners have been urged to return the bill to Congress with a favorable report, but they have not yet done so. To-day (February 5) they heard argument in opposition to such action. The Religious Liberty Association was represented in the general protest entered by other organizations and individuals. Conspicuous among the speakers was General Birney, of Washington. It is a question of uncertainty as to what the action of the Commission will be. * * Ł WHAT IT INVOLVES. THE reenacting of God's law by men, and the punishing by the civil authorities for the infraction of it, involves several inconsisten-cies that should bid us pause before doing it. First, it involves the supposition that we can help God to enforce his laws, and strengthen his power, which may be insufficient to ac-complish his purposes without our help. It involves a right to judge what is his law, and the punishment that should be meted out to those who violate it, and all this is to be de-cided by a majority that is very likely to be wrong, and is sure to be uncertain and fluc-tuating in its decisions. It is forestalling the action of God, by adding to, or changing the penalties he has seen fit to affix to such of-fenses; and finally, it involves the supposition that God will fail to do his duty in the matter of punishing his enemies, and that therefore we must do it for him, and see that they do not escape the proper punishment according to our notion.ŠJ. P. Richardson. WOMEN MUST KEEP SUNDAY. [Present Truth, London, Eng., Jan. 23.] BY replacing the engine, seized by the Government for violation of the Sunday clause of the Factory Act, we are able to run our presses, which remained after the seizure. Thus we are printing our paper again, getting the folding and other lines of work formerly performed by female employes done outside of our works. It was a wicked thing to shut these persons away from their work, to say in effect that from henceforth in this United Kingdom women cannot engage in manu-facturing industries, so far as factories are concerned, unless they keep the Sunday. It was because the International Tract Society could not join in this exaltation of a papal institution that they could be no party to enforcing Sunday rest in their printing works on any portion of their employes. The Gov-ernment having chosen to assume the sinful responsibility of shutting the factory in the process of exalting the Sunday, we leave the responsibility with them, having done all we can to keep them from it. As this Sunday act is but a half-way meas-ure, affecting females and persons under eighteen, we are able to resume a portion of our work without interference. To re-instate our full working outfit would, of course, be merely to buy in furnishings and machinery for the officers of the law to seize and thus indirectly to pay fines as long as  money lasted. Therefore we shall work our factory as we are able until the influence now working to secure the total prohibition of all Sunday work in factories t lost s or r printing works entirely. Now. he it it 11 I ill-. bered, the Government . of this United E..ng-dom has fully settled it that women cannot be factory operatives unless they regard the Sunday. When the logical end is attained it must apply to men as well as women. When that end is reached it will be impossible for us to operate a printing factory. In that case we would conform to no Sunday law in doing but a portion of our work ourselves. Such laws are wicked and only wicked, as they exalt the human against the divine law. We may add that we have always had our heaviest workŠthe printing and binding of our larger books, sold by agents in the King-dom and the coloniesŠdone by the larger printing houses in London. The work done in our own works is the printing of this paper, tracts, pamphlets, etc. ECCLESIASTICAL, UNAMERICAN SENTIMENTS. [Chicago Tribune, Sept. 25, 1895.] THE Tribune prints elsewhere some remarks made at New York this week by Archbishop Corrigan and by Bishop Messmer of Green Bay, Wis., in defense of the alleged right of the pope to be the political king of Rome against the wish of the Romans themselves and of the Italian people. There cannot be many Catholics, if they are true Americans, who will indorse senti-ments so contrary to the rights of manŠthe principles of the Declaration of Independence and the fundamental institutions of this countryŠas those enunciated by these two ecclesiastics. One of them, says the pope, " must be the ruler of temporal territory. He must be pope-king " Listen to these citizens of America preach-ing the doctrine of absolute monarchy. " What of it," says Bishop Messmer, "even if the people of Rome did vote not to have the pope for their ruler ?" It means a great deal from the American point of view. It means that he ought not to be their ruler. The people of Italy have decreed that they want Rome as their political capital, and the Ronians as their fellow-citizens. The Ro-mans have said they wanted to form part of the constitutional monarchy of Italy and their city to be its political capital. That disposes of the matter as far as all true Americans are concerned. They are not in favor of forcing a ruler or an unwilling people. The American Declaration of Inde-pendence says :Š Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that when any form of government becomes desiluct-ive of these ends [the securing of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness] it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it and to institute a new gov-ernment. The citizens of Rome and of Italy have only done what this immortal doctrine, uttered 120 years .ago, authorized them to doŠviz: adopted home rule. The Romans are more averse to Papal po-litical domination now than they were twenty-five years ago. A new generation has grown up which has tasted some of the sweets of human political liberty. If the Italian nation were to say to the Romans of the capital: " Take another vote, elect another ruler, and we will not interfere, no matter if you choose the pope," he would get only a fraction of their votes. For the Romans do not want 