120 AMERICAN SENTINEL. not to be, free and independent; and what was declared to be "criminal aggression," has now been decreed and justi-fied by the President under the name " benevolent assim-ilation." There are strange synomyms being brought to light these days, and there is much about them that calls for explanation. The Gospel the Means of True Sabbath Reform. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE scripture in which is foretold the true Sabbath reform is found in Rev. 14:6, 7. It reads thus: "And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God and give glory to him, for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters." That this message is to be proclaimed at the very time that the work described in Chapter 13:11-17 is being fulfilled may be clearly seen from the following con-siderations: The angel spoken of in the text is one of three angels, each one having a definite message to pro-Ł claim to the inhabitants of earth. Of the second angel we read, "And there followed another angel," etc. (verse 8); and of the-  third angel it is said, "And the third angel followed them," etc. The meaning of the word here translated "followed" is given us in the margin of 1 Cor. 10:4, which reads: "And they did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed (mar., went with) them, and that Rock was Christ." The thought in the scripture under consideration therefore is, that subsequent to the beginning of the message of the angel of verse 6, the second one follows or unites himself with the first, and together they proclaim their respective messa,ges. Upon the fall of Babylon, as heralded by the second angel, the third and last one of the series with his special message, follows or joins him-self to the other two, and thus together they proclaim their messages; so that the generation that hears the one hears the others. But the work of the third angel is a warning against the worshiping of the beast and his image, and the receiving of his mark in the forehead or in the handŠthe very thing that is set forth in chapter 13:11-17. From this it is seen that when the work having in view the worshiping of the beast, etc., is being fulfilled, the everlasting gospel calling upon all to "Fear God, and give glory to him," must be preached. A study of verse 7 will reveal that the Sabbath of Jehovah with all that is involved in it, is the burden of the "everlasting gospel." No one will deny that all ought to fearŠthat is, rev-erenceŠGod; but how shall this be done? The same  gospel that tells us what to do must also tell us how it may be done. Another word for "gospel" is the "Word of God;" for these terms are used synonymously in Col. 1:23, 25_ So that wherever the Word of God is, there will the gos-pel be found. Turning to that part of the Word of God found in Eccl. 12:13, we find what it is to fear God. We read: "Let us bear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God an 1 keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man." Parallel scriptures to this will be found in Ps. 111:10 and Job 28:28. From these scriptures it is clear that the one who really fears God will be found keeping his command-ments. The same is true in giving glory to God. It is through sin that all have come short of the glory of God (Rom. 3:23), and sin is the transgression of the law (1 John 3:4). If by trangressing, or breaking the law we fail to give glory to God, the converse of this will be true, that by keeping the law we shall give glory to God. Now comparing these scriptures with that of Rev.14: 6, 7, the conclusion is unavoidable that whatever else the gospel may require, it certainly requires the keeping of the commandments of God. Now anybody can see that when the work compelling the worship of the beast and his image shall be carried on, there will be a direct violation of the command-ments of God; for the first precept of that law says: "Thou shalt have no other gods before me." And the second forbids the worship of images. Furthermore, as there can be no worship without obedience or service Matt. 4:10; Rom. 6:16), and the first duty of man is to obey or keep the commandments of God, it 'can be seen just as plainly that the mark of the beast is something claimed to be related to the law of God, but really no part of it, but the enforcing of which would necessitate at least the violation of the first two precepts of the Decalogue. And this mark is Sunday. That day is set forth as being the Sabbath of the Decalogue, and is the only institution to enforce the ob-servance of which civil legislation is now being asked for_ But as everybody knows, Sunday is the first day of the week, and everybody may know, too, that there is no word in all God's laW, or in any other part of his Word, requiring the keeping of the first day. Now please note carefully the following: "The ever-lasting gospel" is to be "preached to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people;" it calls upon all to "fear God, and give glory to him," etc. This in turn means the keeping of the commandments. It is there-fore certain that the "everlasting gospel" calls upon elf people to keep the commandments of God. But one of God's commandments requires the keeping of the Sab-bath day. It is therefore equally certain that the gospel requires the keeping of the Sabbath day. 