other world, and to things spiritual and holy; ef-forts to make the State, its powers and functions, to relate to things immediately and primarily respecting the souls and not the bodies of men. And it is this effort of the religious combinations that has called into existence the secular unions and other combinations to keep the affairs of State within the proper civil or secular limits and main-tain them upon that basis. Accordingly the " object " of the Oregon convention is " to secure the total separation of Church and State." This purpose is strictly in harmony with the Scriptures. It proposes to render to Caesar the things that are Cwsar's, and to leave every man free to render to God the things that are God's. We wish success to the Oregon convention in its efforts to awaken wider public attention to the evils and the danger of religious legislation, and of the encroachments , of the religious upon the civil power. THE Christian Nation of June 26, 1889, has an editorial entitled, " The Preachers and the Politicians," in which it says: " The late contest in Pennsylvania over the Prohi-bition amendment, was emphatically a trial of strength as to who should control the people of that State, the preachers or the politicians. . . . It was preacher against politician, and the politician won by a tre-mendous majority. . . . The lines are being drawn between the followers of the preachers and of the politicians and every moment that hastens such division is beneficial. " This is not a correct statement as to the real fact of the Pennsylvania campaign. But ad-mitting the Nation's statement of the case, we say that that is precisely what the SENTINEL has been showing in regard to Ł the Prohibition party all along. We have been saying all the time that the third party prohibition movement was only a stepping-stone to help the preachers to power over, the people. Whenever preachers undertake to influence or control people by any other means than the meekness and gentleness of Christ, they are dangerous. And in any contest for political power by which to control people, they are more dangerous than thoSe who are politicians only. The control of the people by earthly goN ernments is political. It is properly the work of politi-cians. It is not the work of the preacher, and the preacher has no right to enter into any con-test with the politician to gain that control. To the twelve original preachers and to all others who should ever come after them Christ said : "Ye know that they which think good to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them, and their great ones exercise authority upon them, but, so shall it NOT be among you." This is the word of Jesus Christ. Everybody who re, spects Christ should respect that word. And by that word it is proven that whenever a preacher enters in to any contest with politicians, as to who shall control the people, he is out of his place. A. T. J. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and Ł the maintenance of human rights, both' civil and religious. Ł It will ever be uncompromisingiyoppesed to anything tending toward a union of Qburch and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Tear, Poet-paid, - -' $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, io5a. Castro SI., OAKLAND, CAL. 288 THE AMERICAN.SENTINEL. Vol. 4, Ł No. 36. TI2e ihriticar2 geOhrl. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 2, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. ONE of the very brightest of many of the papers that come to the desk of the SENTINEL is the Silver Gate, published in San Diego, Cal. We recommend it to the reading public every-where, and wish it unbounded success. As this SENTINEL goes to press there is a de-bate in progress between Alonzo T. Jones, editor of the SENTINEL, and Rev. G. W. Bothwell, M. A., D. D., Chancellor of Columbia University of New Orleans, member of the New Orleans Academy of Science, and of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. The debate is on the Sunday Rest-law Petition. The proposition is the one that Mr. Crafts did not debate: namely, " Resolved that the following petition ought to prevail." There are to be four sessions of the de-bate, each speaker to occupy an hour and fifteen minutes each session. The speeches are being reported, and it is probable that at least a synop-sis will be given in the SENTINEL. NATIONAL Reformers and Sunday-law advo-cates are very profuse with the word " infidel" in referring to the opponents of their schemes. When we remember that to oppose religious legis-lation is all that is necessary to constitute infidel-ity in the mind of the modern National Reformer, that term loses much of the intended stigma when emanating from that source. It does not dero-gate much from the reputation of the Constitu-tion framers to be denounced as infidels for hav-ing given to the country a fundamental law under which Christianity has enjoyed such priv-ileges as it never before experienced in any coun-try; and 'under whose 'protecting care it has flourished as under no other government either past or present. On the other hand, is it not plain, that to destroy this very liberty-of-conscience feature which has been productive of so much good, would be the breach where the real infidelity would enter? Ł  AT the Los -Angeles Sunday-law convention, Rev. A. W. Rider said:Š " I believe not only in the one-seventh allotment of time for physical rest, and in which the constitution of the State ought to protect the community, but in the principles of the observance of the Sabbath in the deeper religious sense. The question is, how shall we obtain this,. how shall we obtain the most of spiritual good ? We cannot , compel men to be spiritually minded or moral by legal means, but the Christian means of making men spiritually minded ought to be guaranteed by the State." But when the State guarantees the Christian means of making men spiritually minded, it tlierebyguarantees,aii established religion and tic-votes the maChinery of the gevernment wholly, to thusery ice of the ruling ecclesiastics. All that the nations, of Europc;  did the supremacy .of the Papaer was to guarantee the so-called ;,,Christian means of ,n,Ł,kin and eATP'" an attempt to repeat the methods and times of the Papacy. In such an effort as .was this pro-posed by Mr. Rider, the true functions of both the State and the church are perverted and the result is such a confused mass of iniquity as nothing else undor the sun can produce. SEPTEMBER 1 and 2 a convention was held at Los Angeles, Cal., in the interests of a National Sunday law. The meetings were well attended, yet the results were rather disappointing to the American Sabbath Union. That assumption of authority and spirit of over-lordship which char-acterizes the work of the American Sabbath Union does not take well in the free air of Cali-fornia. The usual effort was made to make it appear to be a movement in the interest of the working-mina and they went a little further than they did in San Francisco. They actually engaged a work-' ingman to make a speech, and he endeavored to do so. But the whole thing, both his effort and that of the American Sabbath Union on this point, was a dismal failure. And when at another session Mr. Crafts took occasion to advertise one of his own books, the Los Angeles daily Tribune says, "it fell like a wet blanket upon the audience and evidently took all the inspiration and enthusiasm out of the meeting." If the American Sabbath Union consisted, of anybody but Mr. Crafts, we should advise it to employ a different sort of a worker before it en-ters its next annual campaign ; but as he is him-self the Union, there is of course no room for any such advice in the matter. THE annual convention of the Oregon State Secular Union for 1889, is to be held in the city of Portland, October 12-14. The main object of the Secular Union, as we understand it, is to oppose all forms of religious legislation, the en- croachment of the religious upon the civil power, or the mixing up of religious with civil things. Webster's definition of "secular " is  "Pertaining to this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy; relating to things not immedi-ately or primarily respecting the soul but the body; worldly." This definition properly deicribes the place and nature of the State. The State pertains solely to this present world. No State that ever existed will ever reach another world. The State, therefore, itself pertaining to this present world, can have nothing at all to do with the af-fairs or interests of another world or with men's relations to another world. Consequently the functions of the State are wholly secular. They do pertain solely to things not spiritual or holy. Again: All with which the State can ever have properly to do, in this respect, is with the bodies and the bodily relations of men. It never can have anything to do with. the soul. Conse-quently the relations of the State toward men is in the very nature of the case wholly secular: Therefore any union or combination formed for the purpose of keeping the State and its functions strictly secular is a proper combination and such purpose is a laudable purpose.  And just at the present;  time such purpose and effort are doubly laudable; in view'of- the persist-: ent and wide-spread purpoSe of religious combina-tions to pervert the powers,Ł  and subvert the true ,principles of the State; !efforts to commit the State to the inculcation, and the guardianship, of he things not of this present world, but °tan- 