104 AMERICAN SENTINEL, mented, and not injured by it; and this permission they must have in writing. But if anyone shall have the pre-sumption to read or possess it without such written permission, he shall not receive absolution until he have first delivered up such Bible to the ordinary. Book-sellers, however, who shall sell, or otherwise dispose of Bibles in the vulgar tongue, to any person not having such permission, shall forfeit the value of the book, to be applied by the bishop to some pious use, and be sub-jected by the bishop to such other penalties as the bishop shall judge proper, according to the quality of the offense. But regulars shall neither read nor pur-chase such Bibb s without a special license from their superiors." This feeling against the general reading of the Bible in the "vulgar tongue," has been the rule since 1564, and "Bulls" have been issued condemning and proscrib ing societies for the free circulation of copies of holy Scriptures. In a pastoral letter pope Pius VII. in 1816 uses the following language on the subject of Bible societies:Š " We have been truly shocked at this most crafty de-vice [Bible societies], by which the very foundations of religion are undermined. We have deliberated upon the measures proper to be adopted by our pontifical au-thority, in order to remedy and abolish this pestilence, as far as possible,Šthis defilement of the faith so immi-nently dangerous to souls. It becomes your episcopal duty that you first of all expose the wickedness of this nefarious scheme. . . Warn the people entrusted to your care, that they fall not into the snares prepared for their everlasting ruin." Bulls against the reading of the Bible in the "vulgar tongue" were also issued by pope Leo XII. in 1824, Pius VIII. in 1829, Gregory XVI. in 1832 and 1844, as well as by Pius IX. And as "Rome never changes" she will and does, wherever she controls, advocate the policy of keeping the holy Scriptures from the common people. An instance or two of the present attitude of Rome toward the Bible comes to us recently from Peru, South America, where the hierarchical scepter of Rome holds absolute sway in matters of religion. In Arequipa, Peru, two Christian men engaged in colporteur work were ar-rested and imprisoned for selling and distributing Bibles and Protestant literature. It is said that the feeling was so strong against these men that threats of lynching were freely made. So it is plainly evident that Rome does not cherish nor does she teach her subjects that the Bible is the all-sufficient guide and rule of faith, that it alone can make one "wise unto salvation." But what does she endeavor to maintain as sufficient and more clear and safe for the seeker of truth and salvation? Let "Catholic Belief," a work published, by authority of the Roman Church, answer this question (page 45):Š "Like two sacred rivers flowing from Paradise, the Bible and divine tradition contain the Word of God, the precious gems of revealed truths. Though these two  divine streams are in themselves, on account of their divine origin, of equal sacredness, and are both full of revealed truths, still, of the two, tradition is to us more clear and safe." The author, speaking for the Roman Church, draws his conclusions from the standpoint of the so called "fathers" of the church, one of whom, Origen, said, " We are not . . to believe otherwise than as the churches of God have by succession transmitted to us; " and another, Chrysostom, gave out as an axiom, "It is a tradition [of the church]; seek nothing further." Still another, the bishop of Hierapolis (Papias), said, "If anyone came to me who had accompanied the elders, I questioned him concerning their words, what Andrew and Peter said; for I did not think that what is in the Books would aid me as much as what comes from the living and abiding voice." Rome, therefore, stands for tradition preferably to the Bible, whereas true Protestantism advocates the Bible. In the case of Rome, the Bible is not a sufficient rule of faith because, as Cardinal Gibbons puts it, it is not competent "to instruct in all the truths necessary to salvation;" and so must depend upon "the living voice" of man in tradition. In this position Rome is always prepared to meet the charge that she is not in harmony with the doctrines and instructions of the Bible by saying, " We are in harmony with the tradition of the church, and consider it more clear and safe to follow." On the other hand, true Protestantism says, " The Bible and the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants! Nor is it of any account in the estimation of the true Protestants, how early a doctrine originated, if it is not found in the Bible." It will be wt 11 to know how Protestantism views tradition. SINCE civil government is instituted to preserve nat-ural rights, the sacrifice of any such right can never be demanded by just government. As No person can delegate to another religious obli-gation, the principle of government by the consent of the governed must forever debar religious legislation. THE first duty of citizenship is to respect the rights of others; in other words, to mind your own business. Strange to say, this is for many people the hardest duty to perform. POPULAR sentiment in religion compares with the inspired Word as a weathervane compares with a com-pass. The sensible traveler will not put the former in place of the latter. 