548 THE SENTINEL .OF LIBERTY..  NOT MERE LAW, BUT JUST LAW. IT is not law that the world needs to-day. There has always been law enough in the world. Despots never were without plenty of law for their subjects. The Pharisees of old fairly revelled indaw; they had manufactured it almost without end. George III. -supplied the colonies with plenty of law, such as it was. -Our fortfathers, indeed, decided they had more law than they wanted, and were willing to take up arms to get rid of some of it. The legiglative_ harvest never fails to yield a surplus. Vastly more statutes are turned out each year than the-country needs. No great reform ever began in the world with the enactment of more law, or even with the enforcing of more rigid obedience to existing laws; while, on the contrary, reforms that have marked epochs in the world's history have led to. the resisting of law, as witness' the great Reformation, which sent_ hosts of martyrs to the stake and dungeon fol- disobeying the " law of the land." There would never have been an American Revolution or the United States of America if the colonies had felt bound to obey the will of King George simply because it was " the law." No. What is needed to-day, and sadly needed, is more respect for right, for justice and for truth: It is only respect for the right that makes law effec-tive anywhere outside of a- 'military despotism. Lacking this, mere statutes, are of no use: Rev-erence for justice is the foundation of stability in a republic. The deification of mere " law" leadsŁ only to despotism. s. " THE notion that the union of religion and poli-tics can be only evil is as morally insane as the,no-tion that only evil can come from the union off, God, and man.- It is not the union of religion and Poli-tics that brings tyranny, but the false unity of un-spiritual religion:and immoral politics." —So says Prof. George D. HerrOn in a recent arti-cle on " Religion and Politics.' A little reflection ont the professor's second proposition is sufficient to demonstrate the entire lack of anything upon which to base the first. The alliance of a purely spiritual -religion with Politics is not possible. A spiritual church or religion, the weapons of whose warfare are not carnal, needs and seeks ,no support from the state; a just civil government need not and will not  invade the realm of spiritual things in securing and perpetuating human rights. On the other hand po-litical corruption in the state and spiritual decline in the church is a condition that has always been favorable to " the union of religion and politics; " and these things have never yet in a single instance failed to attend and follow such union. "In some instances" such union has "been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of civil authority; in many instances" it .has "been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance" has it been seen the guardian of the liberties of the peo-. ple " or a preserver or promoter of the spirituality of religion. Surely the professor knows this to be the unbroken testimony of the past. Why does lie expect entirely different fruits in the future? When the professor is able to point to a single instance where a " union of —religion and politics" has not corrupted the civil administration and robbed the church- cif its spiritnal—power, there will be a force in his first' pfopositionbliat is manifestly licking at present. 'A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. The :Reign of Right. THE nation of Israel was set in the earth by the Almighty to represent RIGHT in things national and-governmental. .The United States was ordained of God to_ do a similar work-. Nothing can be more clear than this, `and' in the Declaration of Independ-ence it is writ. The doctrine of Europe was summed up in the .words, " The divine right of kings..' One author has tritely said that this was " a divine, right to govern wrong." In other words, the doctrine of the nations 'of medieVal times was that "-might makes right." If a nation possessed enough arbitrary power and physical force to accomplish a certain end, no mat-ter how criminally. aggressive, Mimatter how tyranni-cal or deSpotie ,that end might be, the power to do was alWaYs supposed to prove the rightfulness of the thing done-,. And back of this time, in the dawn of European history, in the days of the Roman Repub-lic, that nation had, held to '-the 'doctrine of " Vox Poiviii vox Dei"Š" The voice of the -people is the voice of God." In other words, the Roman doctrine was that if the-majority of the people approved of a thing it must be right. But the Declaration of 'Independence, with one 