`1‚1==1L AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 245 fused, doubtless it would seem to the Churchman an exceedingly proper thing for the humane officers of civil law to in-terpret that clause, " Six days shalt thou labor," very literally. And the poor vio-lator of the " venerable day of the sun " .would scarcely be given his choice. of " one day in seven " for rest. But "the Tennessee Sunday law being what it is," " a law which simply limits conscience " in that it " only abridges their liberty to toil and get gain, to five days in the week," as a matter of course, " the Sunday earnings of seventh-day Tennesseeans would seem to be liable to confiscation in the shape of fines and "good advice." Shame upon the unworthy sub-terfuge that these poor farmers who have to, toil for their daily bread could earn $25 apiece every Sunday ! Shame upon America's four hundred years of vaunted civilization that compels the victims of religious intolerance to lie in filthy jails until their fines shall be fulfilled at twenty-five cents a day ! , It is true that one or two who were able to pay their fines, refused to do so be-cause they would not acknowledge the jurisdiction of the court. " At first blush" it'always seems that a man who puts him-self in this position deserves his fate. The law must take its course. So long as it remains on the statute books, good or bad, it must be enforced. No man has the moral right to urge a claim of conscience in defense of an act which violates the equal civil rights of every other man. Let us apply this logic: There is to-day in this year of grace, 1892, upon the stat-ute books of Maryland, in the city of Washington, D. C., unrepealed by our enlightened nineteenth century Congress, a. civil law which requires that any man who shall publicly deny his belief in, or blaspheme, the Holy Trinity, shall be bored through the tongue; and if he repeatedly persists in this course he must suffer death. Is this law enforced now ? Bless you, no ; because that law, you know, was intolerant, destructive of the rights of conscience, you know, and was derived from the old Church and State establish-ment of colonial days. My dear friend, we have progressed since then. Probably, in certain directions. But this description is every whit true of the Tennessee Sunday law. Like the other, it was designed as an instrument of reli-gious persecution under civil auspices, and is enforced in no other way. In the testimony in the cases referred to by the Churchman, not one of the neighbors of these " seventh-day Tennesseeans" could be persuaded to say that his civil rights had been .violated because another had quietly plowed his corn, away from the public road, on Sunday. No one had been disturbed, nor was it shown according to the indictment that these " seventh-day religionists " had created " a public nui-sance." Yet there was not found wanting a jury that could be influenced by reli-gious bigotry to convict them, nor a judge .who was not ready with his " good ad-vice." It is always thus when civil law usurps jurisdiction over religious questions. Civil law never did, never does, do this of its own will; but as Judge Hammond said in the King case (another laurel in the crown of Tennessee), " by a sort of factitious ad-vantage the observers of Sunday have se-cured control of legislation, and persist-ently adhere to that advantage." The motive is purely religious, the judge and  jury are its tools. The Churchman is obliged to admit that the Sunday law abridges liberty of action to one man in matters wherein he does not " abridge," nor " limit," nor " violate " the liberty of his fellow man. Where is the warrant for this abridgment, either in the Bible, the Constitution of the United States, or in the sublime declaration of Jesus Christ : " Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's " ? In an adjoining editorial, the Church-man sheds forth this complacent dictum: " The great error in the Puritan theology was the abandonment of the truth of a common corporate fellowship . Ł . in the brotherhood of Christ and the father-hood of God." The reflecting mind can scarce repress the sentiment that there is possibly as much of pious cant coupled with Pharisaic intolerance in modern for-malism as in any variety that flourished four hundred years ago. Occasionally it is well to take a look in the direction we are drifting. F. W. HOWE. Ann Arbor, Mich. No Constitutional Constitutional Authority. HON. WM. C. OATES, of Alabama, speaking upon the Sunday closing proviso attached to the World's Fair appropria-tion in the sundry civil bill, said : "But, sir, Congress has no police power which it can exercise in the State of Illinois. Suppose that the money is voted in its present shape, accepted, and used by the Fair Association or Commission, and after-wards the conditions be not observed, would the United States have any re-course ? None whatever. It absolutely has no power to enforce either of the con-ditions proposed. This is but another illustration of the utter want of constitu-tional authority for this proposed legisla-tion. The Supreme Court in the case of United States vs. Dewitt, 9 Wallace Re-ports, held that an act of Congress, which is a police regulation, is without legisla-tive authority except when it excludes territorially all State authority, as in the District of Columbia. Within State limits it can have no constitutional operation." " Religious Sentiment." HE insisted that it was due to the religious senti-ment of the country that the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday.ŠFrom report of Senator Colquitt's speech on the sundry civil bill. WHAT does the senator mean by "the religious sentiment of the country?"Šthat's the question. So far as we can learn, the only expression of sentiment in favor of Sunday closing that has been heard thus far comes in the form of peti-tions from about two million religionists belonging chiefly, if not altogether, to the so-called evangelical churches. As-suming that these petitioners represent the entire body of their several churches there still remain -the Roman Catholics, Lutherans, Protestant Episcopalians, Uni-tarians and Universalists who have either not declared themselves at all on the sub-ject or else have spoken in favor of open SundayS. The numeral strength of these communions, according to the census of 1890, is as follows :Š Roman Catholics  8, 277, 039 Lutherans  1,086,048 Protestant Episcopalians  480,176 Unitarians (est)  20, 000 Universalists  42, 952 Totals 9,906,215 This is nearly half of the 21,757,171 re-corded communicants of all the churches in America. If these be added to the large body of persons of " religious senti-ment" who are not communicants of any church and the larger number of evangel-ical churches who do not favor closed Sundays, it will be seen that Senator Colquitt has spoken loosely in speaking for " the religious sentiment of the coun-try." The " religious sentiment of the. country " is not, so far as the record shows, in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday. But suppose it were. Do we understand Senator Colquitt to say that 55,000,000 of citizens are bound to surrender their con-sciences into the keeping of the remaining 10,000,000 ? That is bad democracy and worse republicanism. The majority rules in republics. ŠChicago Evening Post. Neither Gospel Nor Temperance. THE Union Signal has quoted from the pen of John G. Woolley a definition of gospel temperance, which the editors pro-nounce " the best definition " they have heard. The first part of this definition is perfectly proper; but the last sentence discloses the fact that the "undying en-thusiasm " which has for some time been displayed in an effort to force the gospel upon people bylaw, is not yet dead. Mr. Woolley says :Š And when a Christian man stands up and votes the will of God touching drink into the ballot box, and does it for His sake and in His name, though he stands alone among a million, and against over-whelming odds of policy or politics or worldly wis-dom, I call that gospel temperance. Mr. Woolley and the Union Signal may call this gospel temperance as much as they please, but the fact is, it is neither gospel nor temperance. It may be the gospel of some people, but it is not the gospel of Christ. That gospel does not require the aid of civil law. It can suc-ceed without it. Says the Apostle Paul: " I am not ashamed of the gospel 01 Christ; for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." The gospel is not the power of the State; it is the power of God; and in order for any one to be able to be saved by it, it, is necessary for him to believe. As hu-man laws can not force men to believe, the State can never force any one to be benefited by the gospel. To undertake to force the gospel, or any part of it, upon people by law, is to undertake to substitute the power of the State, for the power of God's Spirit. And as no one could make such an attempt until he had first lost his faith in the power of God, it is a virtual declaration that the power of the State is more effi-cient than the power of God. It is, in short, a denial of the power of God. The work of Christianity is to be ac-complished, " not by might [margin,, army], nor by power, but by my Spirit,, saith the Lord of hosts." This shows,  that the power of God's Spirit and the, power of the State are distinct and sepaŠrate powers, and that they are opposed to. each other, in the sense that they do not co-operate in religious work. The gospel is to be applied to men's hearts by the -power of the Holy Ghost; instead of hav-ing its outward forms forced upon them by the power of civil law. No govern-ment ever did or ever can, by enactment, , help Christianity in the slightest degree. All seeming help which has come from, 