"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 5, 1900. NUMBER 14. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. SarAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it max know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit, (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) CHRISTIANITY demands the denial of self; the Sunday aws demand the denial of conscience. MORALITY cannot be preserved by legality. The forms of godliness without the power amount to nothing. THE religion which crucifies self will never ask for a law to save self from any cost incurred by obedience to God. REAL Sabbath rest is not in a Sabbath law, or in idleness, but in the Sabbath itself; and only he enjoys it who takes the Sabbath as the gift of the Creator. .4 .4 IF a person has any rights at all, he has all the rights with which man has been endowed by the Cre-ator. He cannot be denied one right without in prin-ciple being denied all. .4 .4 BECAUSE the true Sabbath is a religious institution, any weekly Sabbath must borrow from it a religious character, just as any imitation derives its significance from the thing imitated. .4  .4  THE spirit of Christianity does not prompt a person to inquire of the Lord what his neighbor ought to do, or to inform the legislature of how his neighbor should be made to act, on the Sabbath. THE state may command men in religious observ-ances now, but it will not answer for them finally at the bar of Him who alone has authority in religion. .4 .4 IT is a bad thing to enact an unjust law, but a worse thing to enforce it after it is passed. If a bad law ought to be enforced, upon the same principle a bad character ought to be protected in doing injury to the public. THE true SabbathŠthe "Sabbath of the Lord"Šis immortal because it is the same now that it was when God created it. Hence no one need be worried over the question of its preservation. Only that which has in it the seeds of sin and death needs to be guarded against the liability of destruction. A Baptist Clergyman's Defense of Sunday Laws. WE have received from a clergyman of Cleveland, Ohio, the following letter in reference to his connection with the agitation for Sunday observance in that city (noticed recently in our columns), with a request for its publication, with which we very willingly comply:Š "EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: You kindly sent me a copy of this week's SENTINEL that I might see your strictures on my plea for 'enforcement of the raw.' Possibly you will grant a brief reply. "Let me say: In keeping with the great denomina-tion to which I belong, I believe in the separation of the church and the state. I do not believe in trying to make people religious by civil legislation. Nor do I believe in civil government granting at any time, any-where, under any conditions, in states or territories, to Protestant, Catholic, or Jew, one cent of money for de-nominational purposes! "My remarks, which you criticise, were not a plea for laws to be enforced in order to make people religious, 