23:8 THEAMERICAN SENTINEL. the contents of the document. No matter what any one may say to the contrary, religious worship is a duty that every citizen should perform, and though duties may be regulated by law, it is certainly beyond the province of legislation to enact laws instructing men how they may secure the enjoyment of a day of rest, inasmuch as enjoyment is in great measure reg-ulated by taste, discretion and breeding, which differ in the cases of differe nt men. "The bill referred to makes Sun,clay the day of rest. There are now some religions that observe Saturday as such. Are they to be compelled to change their day, and would this accord with the provisions of the Constitution in reference to the free exercise of re- ? "We agree with the religious publication referred to in the conclusion that legislation on this subject on the part of the general government is unwise and im-practicable." These are representative-expressions from dif-ferent parts of the country, which indicate the drift of opinion on the part of the secular press. We do not need to reassure the readers of the Outlook that our sympathies and efforts are wholly with good order and good morals upon every hol-iday. We are equally uncompromising in our opposition to "Sabbath legislation," . . . which, under the pretense of seeking only the " civil Sabbath," aims at securing the support of the civil law for the religious observance of Sunday. Those who have advocated the Blair bill, and who announce that the agitation is to continue until a similar bill be passed, "protest too much" that they aim only at securing a civil Sabbath. It were far more just to take the posi-tion occupied by the National Reform Association, and with the courage of honest conviction, say that there can be no civil Sabbath, and that the law of the commonwealth ought to support Sun-day as a religious institution. This is the real desire of those who religiously regard the day, and are clamoring for this new legislation. Let them fairly state the issue and enter the field in defense of such an issue. If there can be ulti-mate success for such efforts, it will be obtained sooner by an open avowal of the religious purpose, -than otherwise. Any legislation less than this, if attainable, would give only a lower type of holi-dayism, if possible, than that which now prevails. This, rather than helping, would hinder the cause of moral and religious reform. The real issue at stake in the struggle for national Sunday legisla-tion centers around the right of the State to touch the question of Sunday observance in any way. The effort to occupy a middle ground between the basis on which existing Sunday legislation rests, and the non-religious basis which many are now advocating, will be futile. If the law has any right to touch the question, it has full right to re-quire "the religious observance of Sunday." Otherwise the utmost limit it may attain is the permission to cease from labor on that day, if men choose thus to do. We are in hearty sympathy with the idea that those who desire to observe Sunday religiously, should be protected in such observance; that protection should be granted to them as citizens of the commonwealth, not as religionists. By the same law, those who wish to observe the seventh day, are entitled to the same protection, as citi-zens, and not as religionists. That they happen to be in the minority does not impair their right to such protection, and all legislation which pro-ceeds upon the idea that the minority can be ig-nored because it is the minority, is non-republican, unjust, and to be resisted. If the majority doc-trine were to be applied, those who do not desire to observe Sunday religiously, being in the great majority, would have full right to ignore the mi- nority, for such indeed they are who desire to observe the day religiously. The injustice which the advocates of stricter legislation would do to those who keep Saturday would fall with double force upon their own heads, if the doctrine they teach were to be strictly applied. All men by virtue of citizenship, and under the doctrine of religious liberty, are entitled to protection in all matters of conscience. But pro-tection in religious matters does not require direct or indirect compulsion'on the part of the irrelig-ious, requiring them to conform to any act, as of abstaining from secular labor, because certain ones desire thus to do. If it be answered that disturbing noises interfere with religious regard for the day, it is enough to say that beyond dis-turbances that interfere with public assemblies the law cannot go. If it can, then the Seventh-day Baptist Church, which is disturbed by the rush of business around it on Saturday, is wronged in the sight of the civil law, and of the divine as well ; and the men who care to worship the next day must remain quiet for two days. This is now practically the case with all who observe Saturday. It is therefore clear that the principle of religious liberty requires nothing beyond protection from direct disturbance of public assemblies. All else must be left to the action of individual conscience. Rioting and drunkenness should be prohibited at any time.ŠOutlook and Sabbath Quarterly. Ł do Neither Christian nor Infidel. THE National Reformers say that because the United States Constitution does not recognize Christianity, it is therefore an infidel document. This is about as sensible as it would be to say that because there is no horse in a certain stable, it must therefore contain a cow. The fact that the Constitution fails to recognize Christianity no more proves it to be an infidel document than does the fact that the Constitution neglects to mention and recognize infidelity prove it to be a Christian document. The United States Consti-tution says not a word about infidelity. Are the National Reformers willing to accept this as proof that it is a decidedly Christian instrument ? They ought to be, according to their own reasoning. I repeat, if the absence of Christianity proves the presence of infidelity, then the absence of infidel-ity must prove the presence of Christianity. The fact is, however, that the national Constitution knows nothing of either Christianity or infidelity. It does not deal either with religion nor with irre-ligion. It tries neither to help religion nor to hinder it. It was not made for any such purpose. It.minds its own business, and engages itself wholly, with the affairs of this life. The necessi-ties and comforts of this life are not infidel. There is nothing essentially infidel about ordinary food and clothing. If there is, then National Reformers had better shun these things in the future. Strange as it may seem, there are some things which are neither Christian nor infidel. Here is a grist-mill. It was not made to grind out Christianity, and is not therefore, a Christian machine. Neither was it intended to prodime infidelity; consequently it is not an infide chine. It was made to manufaetitre flourŠsome.: thing to minister to man's ten peal necessities--and is therefore a secular, or ci 1, machine. The trouble with National eformers is, they iellome things (big to God; e are some g to  Cesar, and with which he has no right to inter-fere. National Reform logic may be summed up as follows 1. Everything that is not religious is infidel and atheistic. 2. Temporal affairs are not religious, therefore they are atheistic. 3. Hence National Reformers should have nothing to do with temporal affairs, that they may be able to avoid infidelity and atheism. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. A "Theological Trust." THE' subject of trusts is attracting considerable attention at present, owing to the number of new trusts being formed in addition to those already in operation. Briefly speaking, a trust is a mo-nopoly ; because it is an attempt upon the part of those concerned in it, be they one or many, to secure the control of any certain article upon which they have previously agreed, and by means of this control, to force those desiring the article in question to obtain it solely at the hands of the corporation or organization representing the trust. This is -why we have coal trusts, sugar trusts, gas trusts, salt trusts, oil trusts, etc. The, latest trust, however, and one which, by the way, indicates much more in the direction of evil results than those which have just been men-tioned, is the associating together of certain in-dividuals and organizations for the formation of a grand religious trust. Of course, they don't designate their work by such a name, but this is just what it amounts to in the outcome. The most active factor in this arrangement is the National Reform Association, which for years has been laboring to bring about a condi-tion of affairs in which all the Christian laws, in-stitutions, and usages of this government should be placed "on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." It has recently been joined in its work by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and by the Prohibition party ; the American Sabbath Union has also shown strong proclivities in this direction. Under the stimulus of theSe combined influences, a trust of gigantic magnitude is appearing, -which, in its Heaven-daring attempt to coerce the consciences of men manifests more of the spirit of monopoly in this direction than has been witnessed since the Great Romish trust of the Middle Ages sus-pended active operations. But the particular feature in which this afore-said religious trust proposes to distance all its worldly competitors is this : While they design simply to supply the demand as fast as created, these self-appointed custodians of public morals propose to force their religious wares upon the market, and then, through the power of civil law, to compel everybody to become purchasers. This is an era of trusts, and the Americans are a "trusting" people. It is possible, however, to -become too confiding in such cases as this. Un-less American citizens are tired of liberty of thought and freedom of conscience, it will be well for them to turn a deaf ear to all the pleadings of the National Reformers and their allies, who seek to accomplish by religious legislation what they are powerless to perform through moral sua-sion. True religion and true Christianity have no need of a political "combine" in order to reach the hearts of the people. Down with all trusts in general, and the Religious Political Na-tional Reform trust in particular. - J. W. SCOLES. are unable to discover that belonging to Caesar whit* .4ftj, much less are they akip to fLop things belonging to 4 