. Equal and exact justice to all rrieri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 11, 1890. NUMBER 36. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. 1VIc KEE. A CINCINNATI paper well remarks that " it is to prevent working people from enjoying themselves on the `American Sabbath ' that all the efforts of the Law and Order Leagues are directed. The Carnegie library in Allegheny City, it has been, decided, must be kept closed on Sun-day; and when,, please tell us, . can the Carnegie labor slaves benefit by the li-brary except on Sunday ?" " MUCH," says the Christian Advocate, "is made of the sacrifices which the Chris-tian religion requires. Infidels protest against such a demand as unjust, and merely nominal Christians consider it a great hardship." We suspect that this accounts for the efforts of Sunday-law advocates and other religious legislation-ists, to secure the passage of laws that will practically eliminate all necessity for sacrifice on the part of those who profess Christianity. The road to life is to be made broad by civil law. THE Mail and Express is very much concerned about a union of Church and State in Turkey. In its issue of August 5, it says:Š The dangers and evils that are inherent in a union of Church and State, have been revealed in the riots in Constantinople against the Armenian Patriarch, which compelled his resignation. The Patriarch's conduct shows that he would have encountered no violent opposition had he held merely his ecclesiastical position, free from entan-glements with the Turkish Government. , , It was as creditable to the Patriarch that he was  urged to reconsider his resignation, as it was that he refused any longer to occupy the position in which he was incapable of protecting his people and yet subject to violent and irrational popular demonstrations, because he was powerless for good. Could there be a more glaring illustration of the folly and injustice and outright wickedness of the union of Church and State, which the ambitious and scheming Roman Catholic hierarchy would be glad to see consummated in this country ? All that the Mail and Express says of a union of Church and State is true ; but Romanists are not alone in working for such a union in this country. Many so-called Protestants are quite as much at fault as are the Romanists. Indeed the only difference between them is, that, while the Catholics want government pap for Romanists, Protestants want it for the upbuilding of Protestantism. The Idaho Test Oath. WE are asked by a contemporary in Idaho, what is our opinion of the Idaho test oath, and Mormonism in general ? THE SENTINEL has given its opinion of that phase of Mormonism which consists of polygamy; so that part of the 'ques-tion has been answered. As for Mor-monism in general, apart from its po-lygamous doctrine and practice, it is akin to the National Reform Association, the American Sunday-law Union, and their allied organizations, in that it in-volves a union of Church and State, and aims to 'accomplish and constantly to carry on that which it involves. There-fore Mormonism in general, whether prac-ticing polygamy or not, is only evil; but as polygamy is an essential part of the ism, the whole things is doubly evil. We are willing to give our opinion of the Idaho test oath; and that opinion is that it goes too far. The article published in THE SENTINEL, of last week, on the subject of polygamy, shows, and justifies us in saying, that if the Idaho test oath stopped with the prohibition of bigamy and polygamy, no one could have any just cause to criticize it. But that oath does not stop there. It goes so far as to  prohibit every religious duty, that a ma-jority of the people of Idaho might decide to be wrong. We here print the test oath, putting in italics that point wherein the oath goes too far :Š I do swear (or affirm) that I am a male citizen of the United States of the age of twenty-one years (or will be on the sixth day of November, 1888); that I have (or will have), actually resided in this Territory four months and in this county for thirty days next preceding the day of the next ensuing election; that I have never been convicted of treason, felony, or bribery ; that I am not registered or entitled to vote in any other place in this Terri-tory; and I do further swear that I am not a bigamist or polygamist; that I am not a member of any order, organization, or association which teaches, advises, counsels, or encourages its mem-bers, devotees, or any other person to commit the crime of bigamy or polygamy, or any other crime defined by law as a duty arising or resulting from membership in such order, organization, or associa-tion, or which practices bigamy, polygamy, or plural or celestial marriage as a doctrinal rite of such organization; that I do not and will not, publicly or privately, or in any manner whatever, teach, advise, counsel, or encourage any person to commit the crime of bigamy or polygamy, or any other crime defined by law, either as a religious duty or otherwise; that I do regard the Constitution of the United States and the law thereof and the laws of this Territory, as interpreted by the courts, as the supreme laws of the land, the teachings of any order, organization, or association to the con-trary, notwithstanding, so help me God. That phrase, " or any other crime de-fined by law either as a religious duty or otherwise " is where this oath goes too far. This makes the State of Idaho su-preme and absolute in everything relig-ious as well as civil. There is a question now agitating the whole country which will serve as a for-cible illustration of what we mean. There is a strong demand being made on all legislative bodies, from Congress to the Legislature of Idaho, that laws shall be enacted compelling everybody to observe Sunday, and making it a crime to do any work on that day. Now there are a con-siderable number of people in the United States, and there are some in. Idaho,ŠSeventh-day 'Adventists, and Seventh-day BaptistsŠwho do not recognize Sunday 