"If any man hear mg wordg and behove not I judge him norŠsksus Christ. 320. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, MAY 24, 1900. The sale of fruit on Sundays has been stopped at Haverhill, Mass., by order of the city marshal. Some fruit dealers wanted to close on Sundays and com-plained to the marshal about other dealers who wanted to keep open; so the latter are compelled to close in order that the former may keep Sunday without finan-cial loss. At a recent meeting of the Allegheny (Pa.) board of school controllers, says the Pittsburg Post, the ques-tion of the "flag salute" was considered, and it was de-cided not to make this exercise compulsory upon the pupils of Allegheny public schools, contrary to the wishes of the Allegheny G. A. R., who had passed a resolution calling on principals and teachers to enforce the salute each morning in their schools. A report of the Ecumenical Conference on Foreign Missions, held recently in New York City, is to be published early in the fall, and will appear in two vol-umes of about 500 pages each. Parties wishing this report should address Publication Committee, Ecu-menical Conference, 156 Fifth Ave., New York, mak-ing checks payable to Edwin M. Bliss, Chairman. Price to advance subscribers, $1.00 for the two vol-umes. To others, $1.50. The present expense of maintaining the United States army, says an authority who writes in the Satur-day Evening Post, is "$330,000 a day, or $1,375 an hour, or $229 a minute." "The curious feature in the whole case," he adds, "is that the politicians are trying to hide the fact that we are maintaining a large army, and if we are to pursue our present plans the size of it may have to be increased. Thus in theiY4-4--lation that is proposed there is the most painstakif care to keep from any one the idea that we are drifting toward the enormous war expenses of a modern power. At the same time, when we add to these figures the one hun-dred and forty-odd millions which we are paying out for pensions, we exceed the army expenses of any na-tion on earth, with the possible exception of Great Britain, whose expenditures in South Africa may form the greatest total in the history of warfare. It is a  striking contradiction of ideals that just after the Peace-Conference at The Hague, where disarmament was discussed, every nation that took part in the feast of concord has since increased its expenses either for war itself or for appropriations for war. It all goes to show that we are still far from general brotherhood." ,pc A society called "The American Union" has been organized in Brooklyn, N. Y., with the aim of advanc-ing the interests of the public school and other Amer-ican institutions. It claims a membership of 22,000. Foremost among its specific objects is that of enforc-ing "the law providing for the reading of the Protest-ant Bible each day in the schools." In itself, of course, the reading of the Bible is most excellent, but the place for this very essential feature of proper child training is not in the public schools supported by the tax money of atheists and Christians alike.-  The Bible itself con-demns such a course by enjoining upon men to do unto others that which, they would have others do unto them. The statement made last week, that millions of people in this country are pushing forward the project to make this a "Christian" government, so that the "revealed will of God" will be enforced as a part of the law of the land, may seem to the reader to grossly exaggerate the facts ; nevertheless it is every bit true. The whole National Reform scheme is indorsed by-Rev. Francis E. Clark, president of the great Christian Endeavor Society, which alone contains over two mil-lion members. Then there are the Christian Citizen-ship League, American Sabbath Union, W. C. T. U., Epworth League, League for Social Service, etc., ag-gregating millions more, all zealously working with the idea and aim of Christianizing the state. They do not realize that evil results will follow; they are for the most part excellent, earnest people, who think they are doing God service. But their ignorance and blind trust in the assurances of their leaders will not at all affect the nature of the result. Some of the worst things that ever happened in human history came as the result of a zeal that was not according to knowl-edge. ‚,4 In a recent speech Lord Salisbury, the British premier, sounded the alarm of war before the English people as no British statesman has sounded it before in many years, and the fact of his customary conserva-tism added to the sensation produced by his words: But Lord Salisbury is in a better position than are the people to know the exact facts of the situation, and the virtual alliance existing between England and the United States makes his words mean much for the American people as well. 