104 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 13. NEW YORK, MARCH 31, 1892. NomŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE editor of the Christian Statesman reports that even in the United Presbyte-rian city of Monmouth, 'Illinois, he found open, on Sunday, " an ice-cream saloon, butcher shop, bakery, news room, grocery, tobacco shop, gent's furnishing store, fruit store, etc." What wicked Presbyterians, to be sure ! . Why did not Mr. Crafts prosecute them under the Illinois Sunday law ? " NEARLY every Sabbath for three years and a quarter," says the Christian States-man, " the editor has investigated some town and made a tally of Sunday work." If the editor of the Statesman believes that Sunday is a sacred day, the strict observance of which is enjoined by the fourth commandment, what right has he to spend it in any such manner ? Has he a special dispensation from the Author of that law permitting him to disregard itŠto do evil that good may come ? to act the wholesale spy and informer ? Bur what has the editor of the States-man learned in three years and a quarter by what in others he would call Sunday desecration ? First, in farming districts Sunday " observance has fallen below their former standard, partly because of the Sunday newspaper the cities send out to them, partly because of the milk and fruits the cities ask to have sent in, but chiefly because the farmers themselves, many of them, have been brought up on the, continental Sunday." In the West he " heard " of Sunday harvesting. In Centralia, Illinois, the Sunday schools " are depleted in strawberry time to send Sunday picked strawberries on Sunday trains to the Chicago market." In Ohio cheese factories are in operation on Sun-day. IN California Mr. Crafts saw a saw-mill in operation, and in San Francisco men were at work on buildings. "At Cheyenne, Sunday work was done shamelessly on the roof of the capitol." In Des Moines he saw Sunday work on a dam; in Allegheny City, just acsoss the river from the home of the Statesman, men were at work on rail-road tracksŠand it does not appear that anybody was shocked; but of Atlanta he remarks, " street - car corporations shocked the citizens by laying track on  the Sabbath, and in New York by similar work on Broadway." Pittsburg, the editor remarks, is the only considerable city which prohibits the Sunday sale of to-bacco, confectionary, and soda water. As Mr. Crafts lives in Pittsburg, he probably boils his Allegheny River water on Satur-day for his Sunday drinkingŠbut no, he is not at home on Sunday;, he is out at work gathering material for the columns of his paper, and points for his twenty-dollar Sunday evening lectures on " Sab-bath reform"Šfor other people. Ł 4-Ł  MARCH 3, Judge Porter, of Pittsburg, rendered his decision in the appealed newspaper cases sustaining the Pennsyl-vania Sunday law of 1794, and holding that the sale of newspapers upon the first day of the week is not a work of necessity. BUT notwithstanding this adverse deci-sion, Henry A. Schafer of the Taper Car-riers' Union, says : "Although Judge Por-ter's ruling states that selling or delivering a Sunday newspaper on Sunday is an open violation of the law, we will deliver papers just the same." According to the Christian Statesman, the Mayor of the city, who is opposed to the law, responds, " Them's my sentiments; " while the Leader, Dispatch, and Press exclaim, " We, too ;" this disregard of the law the Statesman characterizes as " anarchy." Anarchy is not, however, opposition to unjust law; but opposition to all law. It was not anarchy when our forefathers threw the tea overboard in Boston harbor, nor was it anarchy when they refused to use the stamped paper prescribed for deeds and other legal documents. The British Government had no right to tax the Col-onies, and resistance was in the interest of wholesome laws and good government. ASIDE from the merits of this particular case, in Pittsburg, it is certain that the cry Of " anarchy " always marks a morally weak cause. " It is the law," has in the past excused in the minds of the mass of the people the commission of most horrid cruelties inflicted in the name of justice. The Christian martyrs, of both pagan and papal times, all suffered according to law, and for violation of law. These were to a man " anarchists," in that they refused obedience to unjust laws. SUPPOSE the Legislature of Pennsyl-vania were to pass a law, identical with the Sunday law of 1794, only substituting, " the seventeenth of March, commonly called St. Patrick's day," for "the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday ; " and sup-pose the courts and "public sentiment" sustained the law, would the editor of the Christian Statesman obey it ? And if not, why not ? Would a refusal to obey be anarchy ? UNJUST laws have been the bulwark of oppression in every age. Witness the Ł ' Fugitive Slave law " in our own land, resisted to the bitter end by a law abiding but outraged people. Was that anarchy ? It was " theft " in law for a slave to " steal " himself, that is to assert his God-given right to freedom by running away; but was it morally wrong ? Was it an-archy ? SUPPOSE the law of Pennsylvania re-quired all business houses and offices to be open all or a part of Sunday, would it be anarchy for the Statesman to close its office on that day? Certainly not; and for the rea-son that such a law would be an unjust in-terference with the inalienable rights of in-dividuals. But is it any better for a law to require part of the community to sus-pend all labor and business on one day of the week because of the religious ideas of the other part of the people ? Certainly not. The law, under which the Roman emperors required Christians to offer incense to Jupiter was no more' unjust than is the law of Pennsylvania, which requires all men to pay a like tribute to Sunday by resting upon it. The cry of " anarchy " is the refuge of the tyrant and of the moral coward. THE Independent quotes Bishop Henry W. Warren as saying :Š Freedom in religion must not mean freedom from religion. In like manner Cardinal Gibbons defines religious liberty thus :Š A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right to worship God according to the dic-tates of a right conscience, and of practicing a form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God. And this is as much as very many peo-ple mean by religious liberty and freedom of conscience; they mean simply liberty for themselves and for those who measur-ably agree with them; more than this is in their view destructive of social order, and not to be admitted for a moment. Such utterances show that the spirit of intolerance formerly supposed to be dead has lost none of its vitality. Warmed into new life by numerous proposed meas-ures of religious legislation, it is already giving evidence of its old time venom. Human nature has not changed, nor is it likely to change sufficiently to make it safe to trust men with the consciences of their fellow-men. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to Lnything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 