AMERICAN SENTINEL. 333 talk, Isaiah says, 'Seal the law among my disciples.' Looking at the law, we find that every specification of a ,seal is found in the fourth commandment. Can you tell me, Charlie, what is necessary in a seal, and for what a seal is used?" "It is a stamp that is appended to a document of law to show who is its author, what is his authority, and over whom he has jurisdiction. It is generally stamped by the law-giver on human documents." "God's law also has its seal. We could not tell from any of the commandments except the fourth, who God was, or what was his authority or jurisdiction; but in the fourth commandment all the specifications of a seal are met. "While all men belong to God, yet Christians are his people in a peculiar sense. Others are his rebellious sub-jects, not submitted to his law; but in the Christian's heart his law is to be written. The seal of the law has been torn away, and a false seal substituted, and we as Christians have been ignorant of the deception; but now God commands every soul to repent, to tear away the false seal, and to receive the seal of God. You may turn to Rev. 7, and read the first three verses, in regard to the work that is to be done in the earth." " 'And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four Winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree. And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the liv-ing God; and he cried with a loud voice to thefour angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, say-ing, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the tr( es, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their fore-heads.' "0 mama, what a work there is to be done! Is it true indeed that this sealing work is being accomplished, and that we today are receiving living light from heaven?" "Yes, indeed, Charlie. This ought to greatly encour-age and inspire us: we are chosen of God by this very light, to hasten on with his messengers in persuading men to receive the seal of God, and to refuse the mark of the beast. "What did we find winds were symbolical of?" "Strife, war." Dan. 11:40. "Yes. Who are said to be holding the elements of strife in all parts of the world?" "The angels." "From time to time, war has threatened in different parts of the world. There have been little bursts of strife that have quickly been subdued; but the world, armed to the teeth, stands in an attitude of inevitable war. Our own country is suddenly plunged into war with Spain. God only knows how soon the fierce winds of strife will fill the world with war tempests of carnage and death. These winds would have burst onus long ago if the angels had not been bidden to hold them. Heaven is put into service for one purposeŠto make a space of peace that  the servants of God may be sealed. As the mark of the beast is the sign of the nature and authority of the beast, so the seal of God is a mark of the nature and authority of God. Only those who have the mind of Christ will receive the seal of God. Let us be willing to give up every vestige of self, that the precious seal may be fixed upon us. When all the servants of God are sealed, " Then forth the stern command will go, Unbind the winds, and let them blow." F. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying thegospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF TEES International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paine Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - - - - $1.00. Six months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York 