TH it wo thvirliselv 298 AMIE1EUICA_X VoL. 8. No. 38. the Sabbath." This is just as definite as that the fourth of July is Independence day. No day but the fourth of July can be Independence day; no more can any day but the seventh be the Sabbath. THE Sabbath is not only a seventh day but it is the seventh day. Not merely the seventh day after six days of labor, but the seventh day of the week. That this is so will appear from Luke 23: 56 and 24 : 1 : " And they returned and prepared spices and ointments : and rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment. Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.' Here the Sabbath is the day just before the first day of the week. ( Cf. also Mark 16 :1,2.) It inevitably follows that the Sabbath is the seventh day of the week. And the week is an ancient and well- established division of time. Of the week, the " Encyclopaedia Britannica;" article, " Calendar," says:Š The week is a period of seven days, having no reference whatever to the celestial motions. . . . It has been employed from time immemorial in almost all Eastern countries. . . . As it forms neither an aliquot part of the year nor of the lunar month, those who reject the Mosaic recital will be at loss, as Delambre remarks, to assign to it any origin having much semblance of probability. The same authority, article, " Babylo-nia," says :Š The week of seven days was in use from an early period, indeed the names which we still give to the days can be traced to ancient Babylonia; and the seventh day was one of stt/um, or rest. This fact constitutes the week an imper-ishable monument to the original Sabbath. The Sabbath is the seventh day of the week, and it is evident it can never be lost as long as the week endures. And that it never has been lost, is attested by the fact that the weekly cycle has always been known by almost all nations; and it has been the same everywhere, even as it is to-day. Seventy-five out of one hundred and seven ancient languages reveal not only a knowledge of the week but of the Sabbath, the seventh day of the week. On this subject Rev. Dr. Lewis says :Š The nations that spoke many of these languages have long since gone from the earth. But the words of their mother tongue embalm their thoughts and practices as ineffaceable and unmistakable monu-ments showing the identity of the week and of the Sabbath. Tides of emigration have swept hither and thither over the earth. Empires have risen, flourished, and fallen, but the week has endured, amid all convulsions and changes. , Philology has done for the truth concerning God's eternal Sabbath, what cuneiform inscrip-tions, and mummy pits, are doing for general and national history. Thus not only in the Scriptures but in all history, even among pagan peoples, the Sabbath has always and everywhere been identified with the definite seventh day of the week, a well-known and uni-form division of time. God has declared, " The seventh day is the Sabbath," and has commanded it to be kept holy as he made it in the beginning, and that men may have no excuse for departing from this precept the Creator has so ordered by his providence, that in every nation the most familiar division of time, the weekly cycle, stands as an imperishable monu-ment marking with unerring certainty the day of his sacred rest. C. P. B. iffornaers who never think 14- 4Q work at  their trade The Christian Sabbath.* THE GENUINE OFFSPRING OF THE UNION OF THE HOLY GHOST AND THE CATHOLIC CHURCH HIS SPOUSE. THE CLAIMS OF PROTESTANTISM' TO ANY PART THEREIN PROVED TO BE GROUNDLESS, SELF-CONTRADICTORY AND SUICIDAL. But faith, fanatic faith, once wedded fast To some dear falsehood, hugs it to the last. ŠMoore. COMFORMABLY to our promise in our last issue, we proceed to unmask one of the most flagrant errors and most unpardon-able inconsistencies of the biblical rule of faith. Lest, however, we be misunder-stood, we deem it necessary to premise that Protestantism recognizes no rule of faith, no teacher save the " Infallible Bible." As the Catholic yields his judg-ment in spiritual matters implicitly and with unreserved confidence, to the voice of his church, so too, the Protestant rec-ognizes no teacher but the Bible. All his spirituality is derived from its teachings. It is to him the voice of God addressing him through his sole inspired teacher. It embodies his religion, his faith and prac-tice. The language of Chillingworth: " The Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, is the religion of Protest-ants," is only one form of the same idea multifariously convertible into other forms such as, "The Book of God," "The Char-ter of our Salvation," " The Oracle of our Christian Faith," " God's Text-book to the Race of Mankind," etc., etc. It is, then, an incontrovertible fact that the Bible alone is the teacher of Protestant Christi-anity. Assuming this fact, we will now proceed to discuss the merits of the ques-tion involved in our last issue. Recogniz-ing what is undeniable, the fact of a direct contradiction between the teaching and practice of Protestant Christianity (the Seventh-day Adventists excepted) on the one hand, and that of the Jewish peo-ple on the other; both observing different days of the week for the worship of God, we will proceed to take the testimony of the only available witness in the premises viz: the testimony of the teacher common to both claimants, the Bible. The first expression with which we come in contact in the sacred Word, is found in Gen. 2: 2: " And on the seventh day He [God] rested from all his work which he had made." The next reference to this matter is to be found in Exodus 20, where God com-manded the seventh day to be, kept, be-cause he had himself rested from the work of creation on that day; and the sacred text informs us that for that reason he desired it kept, in the following words: " Wherefore, the Lord blessed the seventh day and sanctified it." Again we read in the 31st chapter 15th verse: " Six days you shall do work; in the seventh day is the Sabbath, the rest holy to the Lord." Sixteenth verse: " It is an everlasting covenant," "and a perpetual sign," "for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and in the seventh he ceased from work." In the Old Testament reference is made one hundred and twenty-six times to the Sabbath, and all these texts conspire har-moniously in voicing the will of God com-manding the seventh day to be kept, because God himself first kept it, making it obligatory on all as "a perpetual cove-nant." Nor can we imagine any one fool-hardy enough to question the identity of Saturday with the Sabbath or seventh day * This article is from the Catholic Mirror of September 9. It is none the saslsignificant when it 1 Gowns, organ,  eisrweintehmebseer:Lth gat T1; Mirror is Cardinal  Mirrer'4 seeing that the people of Israel have been keeping the Saturday from the giving of the law, B. c. 2514 to A. D. 1893, a period of 3,383 years. With the example of the Israelites before our eyes to-day, there is no historical fact better established than ' that referred to, viz: that the chosen peo-ple of God, the guardians of the Old Tes-tament, the living representatives of the only divine religion hitherto, had for a period of 1490 years anterior to Christian-ity, preserved by weekly practice the living tvadition of the correct interpreta-tion of the special day of the week, Satur-day to be kept " holy to the Lord," which tradition they have extended by their practice to an additional period of 1893 years more, thus covering the full extent of the Christian dispensation. We deem it necessary to be perfectly clear on this point for reasons that will appear more fully hereafter. The .BibleŠthe Old Tes-tamentŠconfirmed by the living tradition of a weekly practice for 3383 years by the chosen people of God, teaches then, with absolute certainty, that God had himself named the day to be " kept holy to him," that the day was Saturday, and that any violation of that command was punishable with death. " Keep you my Sabbath, for it is holy unto you; he that shall profane it shall be put to death; he that shall d any work in it, his soul shall perish in the midst of his people." Ex. 31 : 14. It is impossible to realize a more severe penalty than that so solemnly uttered by God himself in the above text, on all who violate a command referred to no less than one hundred and twenty-six times in the old law. The ten commandments of the Old Testament are formally impressed on the memory of the child of the biblical Christian as soon as possible, but there is not one of the ten made more emphatically familiar, both in Sunday-school and pul-pit, than that of keeping " holy " the Sab-bath day. Having secured with absolute certainty the will of God as regards the day to be kept holy, from his sacred Word, because he rested on that day, which day is con-firmed to us by the practice of his chosen people for thousands of years, we are naturally induced to inquire when and where God changed the day for his wor-ship, for it is patent to the world that a change of day has taken place, and inas-much as no indication of such change can be found within the pages of the Old Tes-tament nor in the practice of the Jewish people who continue for nearly nineteen centuries of Christianity obeying the written command, we must look to the ex-ponent of the Christian dispensation, viz: the New Testament for the command of God cancelling the old Sabbath, Saturday. We now approach a period covering little short of nineteen centuries, and pro-ceed to investigate whether tie supple-mental divine teacherŠthe New Testa-mentŠcontains a decree cancelling the mandate of the old law, and at the same time substituting a day for the divinely instituted Sabbath of the old law, viz: Saturday; for inasmuch as Saturday was the day kept and ordered to be kept by God, divine authority alone, under the form of a Cancelling decree could abolish the Saturday covenant, and another di-vine mandate appointing by name another day to be kept " holy" other than Satur-day, is equally necessary to satisfy the conscience of the Christian believer. The Bible being the only teacher recognized by the biblical Christian, the Old Testa- 