DEOEmi3tR 21, 1893. 397 same expression occurs : " For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision, availeth any-thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature." And again is suggested the reading, " a new creation." So Christ is the agent in the creation of the world; he is also the agent in our re-creation, which is redemption. Some texts from the Old Testament will show that this is no new idea, and that this is not particularly a New Testament teach-ing : But now thus saith the Lord that created thee, 0 Jacob, and he that formed thee, 0 Israel, Fear not; for I have re-deemed thee." Isa. 43 :1. The One who creates is the One who redeems, and re-demption is simply creation over again. In another sense, it is simply carrying on God's plan of creation; it is simply finish-ing up the work which he began in the first place, in creating man in his image. It is that the image of God may be restored in the soul. That is what redemption is. So God carries forward during the time of probation the work of creation by creating us anew in Christ Jesus. Therefore re-demption is- creation, and the Lord, the Creator, is our Saviour. (See also Isa. 43 : 11, 44: 21, 22.) The One who created, the One who formed, is the One who redeems. And note in connection with that that creative power is necessary for redemption. He who can create can re-deem. He who can redeem can create. But the one who cannot create cannot redeem. This is, in fact, the very point that the Lord makes against all false gods in his challenge in Isa. 45 : 20-22. " Assem-ble yourselves and come; draw near to-gether, ye that are escaped of the nations; they have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save. Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together; who bath declared this from ancient time ? who hath told it from that time ? have not I the Lord ? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me. Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth; for I am God, and there is none else." Angels could not redeem because angels have not creative power. It is a mark of divinity; wherever you find divinity, there you find creative power, and that is redeeming power. That is to say, putting it in another way, we have the manifestation of the power of God in creating all things about us, and in redemption. It is all an illustration of the power of God. Notice how closely this idea is associated with Christ, as we read again in 1 Cor. 1 : 24 : "But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God." So in the creation of all things, visible and invisible, and in the plan of redemption, in the redeeming of those who put their trust in him, we have an expres-sion to the world of the power of God. And Christ, through whom this whole ex-pression is made, is called the power of God. What is the purpose of this display of the power of God that we see about us ? What purpose ought every created thing to serve ? We are taught this in Rom. 1: 20 : " For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and God-head," or, as the Revised Version renders it, " even his everlasting power and divin-ity." What purpose, then, ought every created thing to serve, everything that can be  seen ?ŠIt is that we may behold the power of God. And what is the purpose that our attention should thus be called to the power of God ?ŠIt is that we may believe in his power for creating the things not seen. We see the material universe. We look up and the heavens declare the glory of God. But the purpose of it all is that we may be reminded, whichever way we turn, whatever object we see, that the power of God is there, and that the power that created these things is the power pledged for the salvation of every one who believes in Jesus Christ. Do not pass lightly by that point. Make it practical in daily experience. You can-not open your eyes in any direction that you do not see some indications of the power of God. Remember that every-thing speaks of the power of God, reminds us that the same power which created these things is pledged to us; remember when you see the heavens that they de-clare the glory of God, and remind you of his power, and that the same power which holds these things in their places is the power which is promised to hold you in your place; that, if God has raised you up to sit in heavenly places with Christ Jesus, his power is sufficient to keep 'you there: " Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling." But have we nothing further to tell us of God ? It is true that the heavens, that every created thing that we see, testify to us of the everlasting power and the divin-ity of God, but have we nothing which is a further sign to us of the power of God in redemption ?ŠIndeed we have. It is very interesting to notice that there have been set up at different times signs to re-mind the people of God's dealings, as, for instance, when the people came through Jordan by the hand of God, Joshua set up a pillar as a memorial of the power of God in dividing the waters, that they might go through on dry land. ( To be continued.) Separation Between Church and State. This a Living Question. I AM no alarmist ; but I agree with the late General Grant, who wisely said at Des Moines, Iowa, in 1876: "If we are to have another contest in the near future of our national experience, I predict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon's, but it will be between patriotism and intelligence on the one side, and su-perstition, ambition and ignorance on the other." Several Protestant churches are now taking public money for the sectarian education of Indians. The amount appro-priated to Protestant denominations for this year is $80,350, and to the Roman church $365,045. I am no pessimist, but neither do I wish to be blinded by an optimism which refuses to see existing dangers, and which rejects appropriate remedies. The subject is, then, a living question, a question which will demand and receive during the closing years of this century the earnest thought of the most patriotic and devout citizens of this great Republic. . . . Insistence on the entire separation of Church and State brings us, as citizens and Christians, into sympathy with the teachings of Christ and the apostles. Our Lord, with rare wisdom, recognized the authority of the State in all secular affairs. If ever there was a religious teacher  marked by sanctified common sense, that teacher was Jesus Christ. We have not recognized, as we ought, his remarkable shrewdness, his holy adroitness, and his sacred cleverness. When an effort was made to entrap him and to secure from him a pronouncement which his foes could use against him, he lightly stepped over the snares set for his feet and soon in-volved his enemies in the toils which they had laid for him. He at once perceived their wickedness. They asked a question which they expected would place him in a hopeless dilemma. If he replied with an affirmative, all the Pharisees would an-nounce that he favored paying tribute to Caesar. From this admission they would reason that his claims to be the Messianic King were ridiculous; they would also charge him with being neither patriotic nor pious. But if he answered with a negative the Herodians would proceed immediately to Pilate and make charges against him as a usurper. The Romans cared little for the religious affairs of the Jewish people; but, of course, they could not permit open revolt from their author-ity. Our Lord's answer was one of those great truths which go straight to the heart of the subject discussed. Under the theocracy, duties to the civil and divine ruler were practically one; but now that the hated Roman was civil ruler, the dis-tinction between civil obligations and religious requirements was of the ut-most importance. Jesus here gave a great object lesson on this subject. Holding up the coin, lie emphasized obedience to Caesar in secular things, and to God in sacred things. His enemies were confounded. Hostile as they were, they were' obliged to acknowledge that he had placed them in the dilemma from which he had himself escaped. They saw also that he had de-clined to act the part of a political Mes-siah, and that he had fully answered a question as difficult as it was important. He here distinctively announced that there is a separation between the Church and the State. Later, in addressing Pilate, he affirmed that the legitimate powers of civil rulers were of divine origin. Peter and the other apostles echo the truths taught by Christ when, in their reply to those who commanded them not to teach in the name of Jesus (Acts 5 : 29), they said : " We ought to obey God rather than men." They thus made a direct appeal to the best instincts of their ene-mies, both as judges and as men. The Sanhedrim, claiming to be appointed by God, must have seen the force of this appeal, for all admitted that the authority of God was superior to that of man. The announcement of this principle has had important bearings on human liberty from the first century even to the nineteenth. The Apostle Paul, in writing to the Romans, recognizes the fact that the civil power has its rights, and also that those rights are delegated and limited. In the letters to Timothy and Titus, and also in the first epistle of Peter, similar truths are taught, and similar courses of conduct are urged. It is affirmed in all these cases that when civil government makes de-mands contrary to religious duties, its authority is to be denied; but in ther cases its mandates are to be obeyed. Bap-tists, to-day, in their insistence upon sep-aration between Church and' State, are in full harmony with the teachings of Christ and the apostles. Our highest privilege is to be in all respects pupils of Jesus Christ, and successors of the apostles. 