JANUARY 17, 1895. .A.101001ECICATV 1g3N-9PINIR11-4., 21 their servants, chosen under God to pro-tect them in the enjoyment of their rights. He freed us from the chains of priestcraft, by teaching the absolute independence of the individual soul in matters religious, and by promising the Spirit of Truth to guide each one into all truth. It is true, all liberty comes through keeping God's law Ł but God himself who wrote that law in the hearts of men in the beginning, who spake it amid the thun-ders of Sinai that all might hear and obey, writing it, not on perishable parchment to pass away, but on the fleshly adamant, to last forever, who waits through the new covenant to re-write it in every trust-ing soul,ŠGod himself who did all this, still made man as free to disobey these precepts as to obey them. That men might be made thus free, God ran the risk of sin, and because God ran such risk, sin exists to-day. Why did God run the risk of all this fearful iniquity that man might be made free ? To this there can be but one answer. It was because he knew the worthlessness of all forced obedience, and that, therefore, the free-dom to sin was absolutely necessary to the possibility of righteousness. After having at such infinite risk made men free to sin, that the internal prin-ciple of love might work itself out in out-ward acts of righteousness unhindered by force,Šafter having made men thus, has God given to any human authority the right to take away that freedom, and so thwart his plans ? He has commanded all men to worship him and obey his precepts, and this command applies to each individ-ual personally; but has he ever com-manded any man or set of men to compel others to worship him, or to act even out-wardly as if they worshiped him ? To ask these questions is to answer them emphat-ically in the negative. The civil power is the power of arbitrary force to compel men who will not be righteous, to at least be civil, that men may live together in peace and quietness. The true power of the Church, is the power of divine love manifest in human flesh, to win men to lead righteous lives. The two powers are entirely separate, and Jesus so taught when he said, " Render to Caesar [the civil power] the things that are Csar's, and to God the things that are God's." When Peter, as a member of the Christian Church, sought to defend the truth by the sword, Jesus, pointing to his Father as the Church's only source of power, said, " Put up again thy sword into his place : for all they that take the sword [i. e., in religious matters] shall perish with the sword." The tares were to be allowed to grow with the wheat until the harvest. Then God would send forth his angels and gather out the tares and burn them. No human effort of ar-bitrary force was to be used in rooting them out, lest in the act the wheat should be uprooted instead. Again, Jesus said: " My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." Every civil law has the power of the sword back of it. If it is right to make a law, then it is right to enforce it. In denying to the Church the power of the sword, Jesus therefore for-bade the Church to ask the State for laws enforcing religious beliefs and observ-ances. Paul understood this when he said, "The weapons of our warfare are not car-nal, but mighty through God to the pull-ing down of strongholds." The early Church, strong only in the  power of God, triumphed grandly, even over the opposing force of a false religion, upheld by a false State. Only when she allied herself with that State, seeking its aid, did she deny her God, lose her power, and darken the world down into a night of a thousand years. The present effort of the Church to get the State to enforce the observance of Sunday, and to intro-duce the teaching of Christianity into the State schools, is but .a revival of the pagan and papal doctrine of force in religious things, and as such, it is anti-Christian. GEO. E. FIFIELD. Rum and Romanism. FATHER " ELLIOTT, the Catholic priest who is fishing for Protestants in Ohio, has gotten into trouble with his financial backing. It takes money to conduct his propaganda, and consequently, the man-agers of the enterprise called upon the Roman Catholic beer brewers, distillers, and saloon-keepers to donate for the con-version of heretical Protestants to the true Catholic faith. The drunkard makers contributed liberally and then seated them-selves comfortably in " Father " Elliott's congregation to watch the priest convert Protestants. But the priest is fishing for Protestants, not papists; and consequently he baits for fresh water fish with a tem-perance bait. Seeing how popular Prot-estantism palavered over what they fool-ishly thought was a temperance victory in the Satolli-Waterson decision, Priest Elliott hastened to add a " temperance night" to his programme. The result is told as follows in the Wine and Spirit News, under the "scare head," " The Liquor Men Bled and then Roasted : "Š One of . the most outrageous, and to say the least, most ungrateful acts ever perpetrated upon the liquor traffic of the State of Ohio, and purely a money-mak-ing scheme, is that which is now being engineered under the supervision of one styling himself Father Elliott,. So bold have become his operations that the Wine and Spirit News, the official organ of the Ohio State Liquor League, deems it necessary that every person engaged in the liquor traffic in the State should be made fully acquainted with the facts, and be in a position to protect himself against this skin game when approached by one or more of its advocates. Prompted, perhaps, by the successful operation in the robbery line, by the Rev. Howard Russell, superin-tendent and general chief schemer of the so-called Anti-Saloon League, Father Elliott has concluded to take the road. Although his mode of operation is, to a large extent, similar to that employed by the Rev. Russell, Father Elliott has introduced a new scheme to fatten his purse. One of the first cities to be called upon by Father Elliott and his followers was Toledo. The programme for the six evenings' entertainment was published, but good care was taken not to include anything derogatory to the liquor interests. The church committees were soon in the field with their subscription books, and the very first persons called upon were those engaged in the liquor traffic. The liquor men, as all other business men ever ready to assist any project looking to public interest, subscribed liberally, most of the donations ranging from five to ten dollars each. The brewers, wholesale and retail-ers, were called upon alike, and seldom was the com-mittee sent away empty-handed, and when totally summed up it was found that the liquor traffic de-frayed the entire week's expenses. A. large number of the liquor men who had so liberally donated to the affair, attended the lecture at St. Francis de Sales Church, on Cherry Street, last Thursday evening, and their reward was the most damnable tirade against their business. These Roman Catholic dealers in " fire water" are evidently not trained Jesuits, or they would have stoically swallowed the bitter pill while comforting them-selves with the papal maxim, " the end justifies the means.' However, they seem to feel justified in making an " end " of contributing " means " to support Priest Elliott's propaganda. Alexander Campbell on Protecting Re-ligious Rites From Contempt. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed " Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] I RESUME Mr. T. 's fourth argument. That an infallible tribunal is requisite to pre-scribe and determine the public forms of religion, has been enforced in my last; and that it must also decree what it is to treat any of the public forms of religion with contempt, is, we think, equally within the pale of its jurisdiction. The Romanist says, To refuse or to neglect to bow in the presence of the elevation of the host, is to treat the public forms of relig-ion with contempt. The Episcopalian says, To refuse or to neglect to kneel at the celebration of the supper and in cer- tain other devotional exercises of their public worship, is to treat religion with contempt. The Presbyterian says, To drive a wagon on the "Sabbath day," when the driver should be at meeting, is to treat religion with contempt. The Seceder says, To substitute Watt's hymns and the new music in public worship in-stead of the Psalms of David and the twelve good old tunes of David, is to treat one of the public forms of religion with contempt. The Covenanter says, To re- fuse or neglect to maintain, hold fast, and defend, the doctrine of the Solemn League and Covenant, and the divine right of the civil magistrate to officiate in the cause of religion, is to treat one of the forms of religion with contempt. The Methodist says, To neglect or to refuse to be subject to the discipline of the church, is to treat the public forms of religion with con-tempt. The Baptist says, To sprinkle an infant is to treat one of the public forms of religion with contempt. The Quaker says that he that will not take his intended bride by the hand and lead her through the meeting-house at three monthly meet-ings, previous to the solemnization of the bonds of matrimony, has treated one of the public forms of religion with con- tempt. But here a casuist comes for- ward and declares that not any of the preceding sins of omission or commission, treat religion with contempt, unless they proceed from a spirit of rancor, malioe, or disdain ; and that the state of mind from which such actions proceed, must first be ascertained, and before the char-acter of those actions can be determined. For, says he, it is the motive that charac-terizes the action, and hence there are simple mistakes or sins of ignorance, as well as willful and malicious offenses. So that unless we have a pope or an infalli-ble tribunal of appeal,"Timothy's principle of coercion and restraint is a dead letter. 