70 giMN-FriNM-Lit Vol,. 8, No. 0. tian. . . . And adds to prove his in-ference that "here the Christian Sabbath (Sunday) is observed. . . ." Since the " church " has decreed Sunday to be the Christian Sabbath in face of God's law demanding the recognition of Saturday as the Sabbath, and since, at the behest of the Church, Congress enacted religious legislation in closing the Chicago Fair on Sundays, which was un-constitutional in every particular, and since the Supreme Court has decreed this to be " a Christian Nation," one can not help but see how the " Church and the State run in parallel lines." Moreover, the Cardinal advises that "if the State protects the church (and to protect the church means to legislate for the church), the church on her part is the bulwark and safeguard of the commonwealth," and admonishes commensurate returns on the part of the church by saying, " It will be the delight as well as the duty of the min-isters of Christ in the future, as it has been in the past, to uphold our civil and political institutions. It will be our de-light to proclaim the moral law which is the basis of all good government." Now connect with these observations of Car-dinal Gibbons the following utterances from Protestant leaders. Says Rev. D. McAllister, in the Washington, D. C., convention of National Reformers, April 1-3 1890 :- And what does the National Reform Association say ? . . . Let the Church hold the moral prin-ciples of God's law-the law of Jesus Christ, the only perfect law-and let the State apply those moral principles that pertain to its own sphere of justice and right, in her schools and everywhere else, and do her own work as she shall answer to God himself, as she is the creature of his ordaining. Also the expressions of Rev. J. M. Fos-ter, in the Christian Cynosure, Oct. 17, 1889 :- According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of, and to serve the inter-ests of, the Church. The true State will have a wise reference to the Church's interests in all its legislative, executive and judicial proceedings. . . . Thus the Church is protected and exalted by the State. Now add to these the following from Rev. T. H. Tatlow's speech in a conven-tion in Sedalia, Mo., May 23, 24, 1889 :- In administering this one constitutional law (Ten Commandments) to the good of this two-fold life of man, God has ordained two administrative agencies, one of them the Church, as the spiritual agency in the realm of man's spiritual life, and the other the State as his secular agency in the realm of man's secular life. . . . These things being so, neither the civil power as God's ordinance, nor the civil ruler, as God's minister, within their special province have any authority as such to make void any of the ten commandments, whether by neglect in enforcing them or by indifference to their au-thority and claims. At this point, the party of civil policy protests and cries out that this is unit-ing Church and State. The Christian replies: It is indeed a union, but only so far as two separate jurisdictions. . . . This union, therefore, is like the union of the spiritual in man, acting con-jointly with the body in man; the body being brought under and kept in subjection to the spiritual. If words mean anything these words mean that the Church, the spiritual agency, is to dominate or control the State, the secular agency. It means also that when men (though their faith or religious sen-timents may be founded upon the teach-ings of Jesus Christ) will not conform to Church dogmas, the State is to come to the help of the Church, and in this way Church and State run in " parallel lines,"  the one assisting the others. This prin-ciple has been established, and as Rev. J. D. Sands stated in an address in Pitts-burg, Pa., " The Church is gaining power  continually, and its voice will be heard much oftener in the future than in the past. And Rev. H. H. George de-clared in a speech in Paterson, N. J.: " I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands." Certainly, for Senator Hawley says :- If the Senate to-day decides that it will not close that Exposition on Sunday, the Exposition will be opened on that day, and you will have offended more than forty millions of people-seriously and solemnly offended them. . . . It is not wise statemanship to do it. . . . How would you deny that from the foundation of the country, through every fibre of their being, this people has been a religious people? Word it, if you dare; advocate it, if you dare. How many who voted for it would ever come back here again 2 None, I hope. Cardinal Gibbons closes his reply to the toast by saying, " For my part I believe that the relations between ' church ' and State are as close and cordial as we should desire. . . . " What more should or could the church desire than to control the State and make demands correspond-ing to her needs upon the Government ? Parallel lines we may find by demon-stration never meet; but the " parallel lines " of Messrs. Gibbons, McAllister, Foster, and others are in such close prox-imity as to overlap. And since the Gov-ernment of the United States is to be controlled by the Church then when the Church speaks it speaks to its own, and when it speaks to its own it is not "unwarrantable intrusion " to demand of its own that which it will have. The Government organized by and for the people has become the servant of the Church, and religious liberty is a thing of the past. This has not been done in a corner, for the SENTINEL has faithfully warned the country of these things. S. B. HORTON. A Day's Religion in Congress. ON Thursday, February 16, Congress gave its time and attention to the further-ance of the national religion in the fol-lowing particulars :- In the Senate: CLOSING OF WORLD'S FAIR ON SUNDAY. The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-ury, transmitting, in response to a resolution of the 14th instant, information relative to the man-ner of disbursement of appropriations made to the World's Columbian Exposition by the act making appropriations for the sundry civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1893, and for other purposes, approved August 5, 1892, etc., which was read. MR. QUAY. Nearly every Senator has received communications from different Christian denom-inations in the United States relating to the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday.. The response of the Secretary of the Treasury to the resolution of the Senate it seems to me ought to be sufficient to satisfy those who are interested in the question. I think in this intance the Senate had better depart from its usual rule and print the reply of the Secre-tary of the Treasury in the Record. The communication was ordered to lie on the table, and to be printed in the Record, as follows:- Treasury Department, Washington, D. C , Feb. 15, 1893. " SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-ceipt of a resolution of the Senate of the United States, dated Feb, 14, 1893, as follows: " Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be and hereby is directed forthwith to inform the Senate whether the appropriations, or any part thereof, made to the World's Columbian Exposi-tion by the act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1893, and for other purposes, ap-proved Aug. 5, 1892, have been paid to the World's Columbian Commission; and if so what rules and modifications of the rules of said Commission have been made to effect the closing of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day. " In reply I have the honor to state that pay- ments have been made to officers, employes, and members of the Commission, and others, from the appropriation above referred to, for salaries, traveling expenses and subsistence, rent, lights, furniture, and contingent expenses, upon itemiz. d vouchers, when properly certified and transmittt d to this department for pa'ment. " The World's Columbian Exposition, by reso-lution of its board of directors, on Aug. 19, 1892, formally accepted the appropriation made by the act of Congress, approved Aug. 5, 1892, on the con-ditions therein named, and on Oct. 24, 1892, the World's Columbian Exposition ( Association ) adopted and transmitted to the World's Columbian Commission a copy of its rules governing rates of entrance and admission fees, etc., of which the following, relative to the closing of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, formed a part, viz: " The gates shall be opened, subject to limita-tions hereinafter provided for, each day of the week (except the first day thereof, commonly called Sunday), from the first day of May to and including the 30th day of Oct., 1893, unless other-wise authorized and provided by competent au-thority.' " In pursuance of the directions contained in the act of Congress approved Aug. 5, 1892, in aid of the World's Columbian Exposition, and in the act making appropriations for the sundry civil ex-penses of the Government for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1893, and for other purposes, approved Aug. 5, 1892, the World's Columbian Commission, on the 25th day of Oct, 1892, amended the rules of the World's Columbian Exposition (Association) relative to the closing of the Exposition on Sunday, as appears from a copy of the official minutes of the seventh session of the World's Columbian Com-mission, on file in this office, as follows: " The Exposition shall be open for the admis-sion of visitors during the six months commencing on the 1st day of May and ending with the 30th day of Oct. 1893, on each day of the week, subject to the limitations hereinafter provided for, except the first day thereof, commonly called Sunday, and on said last mentioned day the said Exposition and the gates thereof shall be closed.' "Respectfully yours, " CHARLES FOSTER, Secretary. "To the President, United States Senate." In the House, having under discussion a proposed amendment to the pension ap-propriation bill, Mr. Pickier, of South Dakota, said:- Mr. Chairman, in condemnation of this discrim-ination against the stranger in this country, I want to interpose a higher authority than the statutes of the United States. I call the attention of gen-tlemen who have been in favor of cutting off these widows' pensions to what I am about to read and I ask them to consider it well before they bring in such a proposition here again: " Ye shall not afflict any widow or fatherless child. " If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry : " And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be wid-ows, and your children fatherless. Ex. 22: 22-24. " And the Levite (because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee), and the stranger, and the fatherless and the widow, which are within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the Lord thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest. Deut. 14: 29." MR. LIVINGSTON. That speaks of those who are " within the gates," but these people are outside of our gates. Now, what are you going to do with them ? MR. FICKLER. The gentleman from Georgia is in favor of cutting off the widows. MR. LIVINGSTON. No, I am not. MR. FICKLER. You don't want to embrace the widows ? [Laughter.] MR. LIVINGSTON. You must be reading from the revised version. MR. FICKLER. I will read the gentleman some more. " When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field, and hast forgot a sheaf in the field, thou shalt not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow: that the Lord thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands. " When thou beatest thine olive tree,thou shalt not go over the boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow. And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bond-man in the land of Egypt: therefore I command thee to do this thing. Deut. 24 : 19, 20, 22. "Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of 