APRIL 9, 1896. SIENTIPIINTIELA 119 BOOKS FOR THE CHILDREN.  Caesar's government. God does forgive, even to seventy times seven, and he does it for us, thank God, but these principles do not belong here; they are for a different realm, and God, by the gift of his Son, has so provided that he can exercise forgiveness and still maintain the character of his law. By the sacrifice of Jesus Christ God has upheld the character of his government, keeps his law where it be-longs, and yet holds out forgiveness to all that believe on his Son. Because of his won-derful provision for the stability of his gov-ernment, God's law is not brought into disre-pute when the man who has broken it again and again turns about and says, "I repent." By forgiving, civil government would break down the whole system of government; but God keeps his law where it belongs, and yet forgives everyone who repents. A BAD RELIGION. BY H. E. PHELPS. IT is reported of Benjamin Franklin that he once said: "When a religion is good I con-ceive that it will support itself; and when it does not support itself and God does not care to support it, so its professors are obliged to call for help from civil power, it is a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one." Another writer has expressed the principle in sub-stance, that a religion that cannot stand with-out aid from the civil power, is not worth the possession. How does the cause of Sunday sacredness and Sunday observance appear when examined in the light of this principle? There was a time when the friends of the Sunday cause appealed to Scripture for its support. But, driven to the wall in their search for divine authority, almost universally they have acknowledged that the search is fruitless, because there is no such authority. But instead of relegating the Sunday to the shades of papacy and paganism, where it right-fully belongs, they have turned to the civil power for its support. But this act condemns the institution. Says the Supreme Court of Ohio: " A form of religion that cannot live under equal and impartial laws ought to die, and sooner or later must die." Such is sure to be the fate of every false system eventually. Once more I quote from the same source: "True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil authority. It began without the sword, and whenever it has taken the sword, it has perished by the sword. To depend on civil authority for its enforcement, is to ac-knowledge its own weakness, which it can never afford to do. It is able to fight its own battles. Its weapons are moral and spiritual, and not carnal. Armed with these and these alone, it is not afraid nor ashamed.' to be compared with other religions, and to with-stand them single-handed. And the very reason why it is not so afraid or ashamed' is that it is not the power of man,' but the power of God,' on which it depends. True Christianity never shields itself behind ma-jorities. Nero, and the other persecuting emperors, were amply supported by majori-ties, and yet the pure and peaceable religion of Christ in the end triumphed over them all; and it was only when it attempted, itself, to enforce religion by the arm of authority, that it began to wane." It is well here to remember that the religion of Jesus Christ is not a changeable thing, and therefore Christianity pure and simple, never did, and never will attempt to enforce itself. It is false Christianity that has done this. It was false Christianity that became legalized  by civil enactments, and then enforced itself by such enactments. And it is a false Chris-tianity that, in this time, has become legal-ized. And being legalized, it has, as a logical consequence, no support in the Scriptures of truth, and does therefore, seek to "hide itself behind majorities," and enforce itself by the carnal weapons. The same decision says again: " Legal Christianity is a solecism, a contradiction of terms. When Christianity asks the aid of government beyond mere impartial protection, it denies itself. [And denying itself it proves that it is not true, but a false Christianity.] Its laws are divine and not human. Its es-sential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human governments. United with government, religion never rises above the merest superstition; united with religion, government never rises above the merest des-potism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separ-ated, the better it is for both." Let all mod-ern would-be reformers ponder these words, for they are incontrovertibly true. A LITERARY WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket Library. 45,800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand words. More than thisŠthe same covers contain Four Other Com- plete ;Books.  A GAZETEERŠPARLIAMENTARY MANUALŠEXPERT CALCULATORŠLITERARY GUIDE. Condensation without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making, is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ "COLUMBIAN WORD BUILDER." Bound in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, Ł . .50 WITH SENTINEL, one year, . $1.25 In the Heart of the Sierras By Col. J. M. Hutchings. The most authentic and intensely interesting description of the Yosemite Valley and Big Tree Groves of California ever written. It contains nearly 500 pages of text, with over 150 il-lustrations, 28 of which are beautiful full-page arto'ypes. It portrays by aid of the artist's genius and the author's facile pen the lofty mountains and charming valleys, the placid lakes and thundering cataracts, of the world-renowned Yosemite. The mission of this work is to make the best possible represen-tation of the marvelous scenery and sublime natural wonders of this unique region. The original price of this book was = $3.25 We now offer it with the Sentinel, one year, for 2.55 His Glorious Appearing.e\ An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, .25 With Sentinel, one year, - $ I .1 0 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home:Š LITTLE FOLKS', BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - - - $ 1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $1.00 A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-'ar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-fM full-page pictures and hearing the wellŁtold stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for - - - $ 1.73 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Cood paper, Strong binding. This book, which is 8x104- inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value Price, only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safe]; attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens No. 2. " 3  No. 3. Sealskin, 1 No. 4. 3 No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 No. 6. Sealskin, 4 tt 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. 