TO TIIE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium  under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. . Your "Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. DR. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Ł Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in  our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat. with safety. WM. M. MEawIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds. and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. BOSEMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving  nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies "by hand." D. W. MCCOURT. JANUARY 11, 1894. .A.10111ELICA.NT suNrriNur,. 15 all that the Church has ever claimed of secular authority, for no church has ever been in favor of religious legislation when in the minority. But grant this principle Šthat the majority can do as it wishes with no regard to the rights of the minor-ityŠand the foundation of every claim of the Church is established. But even if there were no church to take advantage of this principle, what an atro-cious assumption it is, anyway ; and in this particular matter of Sunday legisla-tion, what an exasperating infringement of human rights ! The idea of a govern-ment saying to the people, " You shall not work, you shall be idle. Play, if you will, but if you do any labor you shall be fined, imprisoned, and harnessed with the vilest criminalsŠthe murderer, the thief, the ravisherŠfor by our `secular Sunday laws' you are equally criminal with them and deserving of punishment." That is the logic of Westbrook. Where is the difference between it and all the out-rageous persecutions of the past ? TEN LECTURES UN NASAL CATARRH; Its Nature, Causes, Prevention, and Cure, and Diseases of the Throat, Eye, and Ear, due to Nasal Catarrh; 'with a chapter of CHOICE PRESCRIPTIONS. BY J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Medical Superintendent of the Largest Medical and Surgical Sanitarium in the World. The work consists of 120 pages, and is embell-ished with a colored frontispiece and six beauti-fully colored plates, besides many illustrative cuts of the throat and nasal cavity in health, and disease. This little work costs only 75 cents, bound in cloth, and is in great demand. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th &. Castro Streets, I 48 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Nice Yost. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library Published monthly. Subscription price, 10 copies of each number for one year, postpaid, $ 1 00. THIS Library is designed especially for use in daily, personal correspondence. Each number will contain from four to eight pages, of a size con-venient to go into a number six envelope without folding. It is printed on thin super-calendered paper, and two or more numbers can be put in with an ordinary letter without increasing the postage. The leading themes of the gospel will be pre-sented in such a way as to arrest the attention and be helpful to all. These little leaflets should be circulated by the thousands. The numbers now issued bear the following titles : No. 1.--" Looking unto Jesus." No. 2.Š" The Christian's Privilege." No. 3.Š"The Sure Promises of God." No. 4.="How to Get Knowledge." No. 5.Š" The Church and the World." These will be sent to any address at the rate of 50 cents per hundred, assorted numbers, or $4.00 per thousand, postpaid. Pacific Press Publishing Co., Ł Ł Ł Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York. THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Editor. A twenty-four page monthly journal, devoted to the various phases of medical missionary and be-nevolent work. It contains each month also arti-cles of general interest on mission fields, and items of missionary intelligence. Each number is illus-trated. Published by the S. D. A. Medical Missionary and Benevolent Association. Price 25 cents per year. Address. Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich. SOME VALUABLE BOOKS FOR YOUNG MEN. We have secured the following books which we can recommend, not only as unobjectionable but as highly beneficial reading for young men:Š Moral Muscle and How to Use It, by FRED-ERICK ATKINS. A Brotherly Chat with Young Men. "This is positively the best book for young men that we have seen. It looks the facts of young men's lives full in the face, and proclaims the gospel of industry, perseverance, self-con-trol, and manly Christianity. We can certify that no one will find it stupid."ŠSt. Andrews Cross. First Battles and How to Fight Them, by F. A. ATKINS. Friendly Chats with Young Men. "It is true in substance, attractive in its style, and admira-ble in its spirit. I heartily commend this little volume."ŠRev. John Hall, D.D. The Spiritual Athlete and How He Trains, by W. A. BODELL. Introduction by REV. B. FAY MILLS. A work for young men, pithy, pointed and practical. " Its power and value lie in the consistent carrying out of the comparison between physical and spiritual training."ŠThe Independent. Brave and True, by J. THAIN DAVIDSON. Talks to Young Men. " This is one of the books the wide distribution of which cannot be too greatly desired."ŠPresbyterian Journal. Each of these books is complete in itself, and so can be sold separately at fifty cents each; but as they are all about equally good, and desiring to encourage the dissemination of such literature, we offer the four for They are all bound alike, and put up in a neat box present a very at-tractive appearance. They will form a valuable addition to any young man's or youth's library. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illustrative stories and Script ur e verses for the use of those who are inexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in children' meetings and for home teaching Cloth, $1.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO, 43 Bond Street, New York City. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM 11.0.:ŁŁŁn  HEALTH FOODS.  For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit of its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the la't year More than I 50 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest  descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mitch. 