ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." -Jesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES. EDITOR. NEW YORK, MARCH 11, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 10. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need hare no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) THE religious world in general has now entered upon that period of extra-biblical observances which culmin-ates in the festival of Easter. This festival has acquired an importance in the re-ligious world which is in inverse proportion to the dis-tinction accorded it in the Scriptures of divine truth. By Catholics and Protestants alike, it will be observed in a manner calculated to give the impression that it is a thing of the greatest importance to all Christians, in-stead of a mere innovation, as it is, without any standing whatever in the Word of God. Why is this day observed? By Protestants, it is observed in commemoration of the resurrection of Christ. The underlying idea of the observance, is that on Easter morning Christ arose from the dead. Easter day is not a weekly or monthly day, but a yearly day ; and in its celebration Protestants recognize the fact that the day of Christ's resurrection from the dead is a yearly day. Like any other event,Šas for example the birth of the infant Christ,Šthe day of its happening would recur not once a week or once a month, but once a year. As well might it be claimed that Christmas or Independence day comes every week, as that this is true of the day of Christ's resurrection. The festival of Easter, we repeat, is on the part of Protestants at least, a recognition of this fact; for if the day of the resurrection comes once a week, it does not come once a year, but fifty-two times a year; and any yearly celebration of the day would be without any reason whatever. - But these same Protestants observe the first day of every week in commemoration of this same event. In this they contradict themselves with reference to Easter;  and in the observance of Easter they contradict them- selves with reference to Sunday. Of course, being a yearly day, it could not come every year on Sunday; yet lo, by theological sleight-of-hand it is made to coincide every year with that day of the week Equally marvelous with this is the fact that it does not have to occur each year in the same month. Sometimes it happens in March, sometimes in April, ac-cording as the moon may have fulled before or after the sun "crossed the line." But whether in one month or the other. it is celebrated as the day of the resurrection of Christ. Had this celebration been fixed on a certain date, as Christmas is, the'religious world would have found itself celebrating, very often, some other day of the week than Sunday in ,commemoration of the resurrection. And this is the way it should be, if any attempt is to be made to celebrate the day at all. But this would be a contra-diction of Sunday observance which even the most ac-complished theologian would not be able to explain. Consequently it was decreed that the date must coincide with Sunday, and the month and day of the month were left to adjust themselves to a day of the week. Of course, nobody knows the date of Christ's resur-rection from the dead, any more than the date of his birth. Doubtless it was not designed by the Almighty that these dates should be known. If God had wished either of them to be observed, he would have preserved them for that purpose; but their observance serves no purpose in His economy, and He would not give any people an excuse for observances which He has not com-manded. Would it not be betterŠinfinitely soŠto observe, a day which God has plainly commanded, and which He Himself has fixed in the week? By resting on the sev-enth day after His six days' labor, and blessing and sanctifying that day as a day of rest and blessing for mankind, the Creator established the weekly division of time, and fixed the seventh day of that period as the Sabbath. Why will the religious world turn aside from the one day which God has so plainly commanded, to do 