THT AIVIMRICAN SENTINEL. 277 - Ł they were not provided with victuals, Nicholas Upshal, one who lived in Boston, and was a member of the church there," bought of the jailer, for five shillings a week, the privilege of furnishing them with food. September 7, another order was issued to the jailer, commanding him " to search as often as he saw meet, the boxes, chests, and things of the Quakers formerly committed to his custody, for pen, ink, papers and books, and to take them from them." " After having been about five weeks prisoners, William Chichester, master of a vessel, was bound in one hundred pound bond to carry them back, and not suffer any to speak, with them, after they were put on board; and the jailer kept their beds . . . and their Bible, for his fees." During the imprisonment they were frequently examined by the minis-ters with a view to getting some hold on them by which they might be dealt with for the heresy of schism, or some such crime; but all in vain. It was well for the two women that they happened to be sent away when they were, for not long afterward Endicott returned, and was not a little displeased with Rellinghana, the deputy-governor, for dealing so gently with them, declaring that if he had been there, he " would have had them well whipped, "'although as yet the colony had no law at all concerning Quakers. These two women had not been long gone before eight other Quakers arrived in Boston. They were subjected to the same sort of treatment to which the other two had been. In the same month of Sep-tember, the Commissioners of the United Colonies met at Plymouth, and the Bos- ton court called upon them to stir up Plymouth Colony to vigilance, especially against the Quakers. The letter ran as follows :Š Having heard some time since that our neigh-boring colony of Plymouth, our beloved brethren, in great part seem to be wanting to themselves in a due acknowledgment and encouragement of the ministry of the gospel, so as many pious ministers have (how justly we know not) deserted their sta-tion, callings, and relations ; our desire is that some such course may be taken, as that a pious orthodox ministry may be restated among them, that so the flood of errors and principles of anarchy may be pre-vented. Here hath arrived amongst us several per-sons professing themselves Quakers, fit instruments to propagate the kingdom of Satan ; for the securing of our neighbors from such pests, we have impris-oned them all till they be dispatched away to the place from whence they came. " The commissioners gave advice ac-cordingly," but Bradford, who was gov-ernor of Plymouth, would not take any such steps. After his death, however, severe measures were adopted. October 14, 1656, the general court of Massachusetts enacted the following law:Š Whereas there is an accursed sect of heretics lately risen in the world, which are commonly called Quakers, who take upon them to be immedi-ately sent of God and infallibly assisted by the Spirit, to speak and write blasphemous opinions, despising governments, and the order of God in the church and commonwealth, speaking evil of dignities, reproaching and reviling magistrates and ministers, seeking to turn the people from the faith, and gain proselytes to their pernicious ways: This court taking into consideration the premises, and to prevent the like mischief as by their means is wrought in our land, doth hereby order, and by the authority of this court be it ordered and en-acted that what master or commander of any ship, bark, pink, or catch, shall henceforth bring into any harbor, creek, or cove, within this jurisdiction, any Quaker or Quakers, or other blasphemous here-tics, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the fine of one hundred pounds to the treasurer of the county, ex-cept it appear he want true knowledge or informa-tion on their being such, and in that case he hath liberty to clear himself by his oath, when sufficiqut  proof to the contrary is wanting.. And for default of good payment, or good security for it, he shall be cast into prison, and there to continue till the said sum be satisfied to a treasurer as aforesaid. And the commander of any catch, ship, or vessel, being legally convicted, shall give in sufficient se-curity to the governor, or any one or more of the magistrates, who have power to determine the same, to carry them back to the place whence he brought them, and on his refusal to do so, the gov-ernor or any one or more of the magistrates, are hereby empowered to issue out his or their war-rants to commit such master or commander to prison, there to continue till he give in sufficient security to the content of the governor, or any of the magistrates as aforesaid. And it is hereby further ordered and enacted, that what Quaker so-ever shall arrive in this country from foreign parts, or shall come into this jurisdiction from any parts adjacent, shalt be forthwith committed to the house of correction, and at their entrance to be severely whipped, and by the master thereof to be kept constantly to work, and none suffered to con-verse or speak with them during the time of their imprisonment, which shall be no longer than nec-essity requires. And it is ordered, if any person shall knowingly import into any harbor of this jurisdiction any Quaker's books or writings con-cerning their devilish opinions, he shall pay for such book or writing, being legally proved against him or them, the sum of five pounds; and whoso-ever shall disperse or sell any such book or wri-ting, and it be found with him or her, or in his or her house, and shall not immediately deliver the same to the next magistrate, shall forfeit or pay five pounds for the dispersing or selling of every such book or writing. And it is hereby further en-acted that if any person within this colony shall take upon them to defend the heretical opinions of the Quakers, or any of their books or papers as afore-said, being legally proved, shall be fined for the first time forty shillings; and if they persist in the same, and shall again defend it the second time, four pounds ; if they shall again defend and main-tain said accursed heretical opinions, they shall be'  committed to the house of correction till there be convenient passage to send them out of the land, being sentenced to the court of assistants to ban-ishment. Lastly, it is hereby ordered that what person or persons soever shall revile the person of magistrates or ministers as is usual with the Qua-kers, such person or persons shall be severely whipped, or pay the sum of five pounds. When this law was published, Nicholas Upshal, the kind and Christian old gen-tleman who had bought the privilege of feeding Mary Fisher and Anne Austin, when they were in prison, " publicly tes-tified against it." The next morning he was summoned to answer before the gen-eral court. He tot them that " the- ex-ecution of that law would be a forerunner of a judgment upon their country, and therefore in love and tenderness which he bare to the people and the place, desired them to take heed, lest they were found fighters against God." He was fined twenty pounds, although a member of one of the churches. And then, having ab-sented himself from church on account of these things he was fined three pounds, and banished, although winter was now come, and he " a weakly, ancient man." Not "Sufficient Justification." THE Pittsburg Commercial Gazette of August 11, referring to members of Con-gress voting for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, says :Š Patriotism and fidelity to their official obliga-tions, no less than a desire to fully represent the popular will, were sufficient justification for those who voted in favor of Sunday closing. Whatever an obsequious cringing to the loud clamors of what may be styled " the popular will" may have led our national legislators to do, " fidelity to their official obligations " would most surely have pre-vented them from voting in favor of any measure to enforce Sunday observance; for, according to Section 3 of Article VI. of the Constitution of the United States, every senator and representative, both of Congress and of the several State  legislatures, is " bound by oath of affir-mation to support this Constitution," tit e First Amendment of which says, " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This would have been sufficient justification for every one of them to have refused to have any-thing whatever to do with .the Sunday-closing measure, and fidelity to their " official obligations " would have com-pelled them to thus refuse. But because of the popular clamor for religious legis-lation they thought it not wise statesman-ship to refuse the demand of the churches, and so passed the measure, and thus com-mitted the United States Government to a course of religious legislation, the end of which will be, as was the like course of the Roman Empire, national ruin. W. A. OOLCORD. The Genesis of Sunday. HOW A PAGAN HOLIDAY BECAME A PART OF OUR CIVILIZATION. How can Sunday be such a day as is claimed in our times by believers in the Bible, when those very Scriptures show that in the apostles' age it was put to secular uses ? The arguments taken from Scripture to show that Sunday was a sec-ular day and the instances of its secular-ization could be multiplied, if need be, but the reader is asked to pass at once from the biblical to the historical consid-eration of the subject, since the Bible in the hands of theologians is a very flexible book, being, as some one has said, " A fiddle on which any tune can be played." Sunday was never declared to be sacred by any biblical writer nor by any writer for several centuries after the apostolical period. It was made sacred, using that word in a narrow sense, by civil law and custom. There is no historical proof in controversion. On the 7th of March, 321, Constantine issued his famous Sunday edict, commanding that there be no labor, except in the fields, on the venerable day of the sun. This edict contained no al-lusion to any Christian sentiment. With the pagans comprising the largest portion of the empire, Sunday was already the chief day of the week. It was the day they had consecrated to the worship of the sun. Being already in the habit of abstaining from labor on that day, they were obliged to abstain from secular pur-suits on their conversion to Christianity on the Sabbath or sacred day, which the newly adopted religion brought with it. But as the Ragan converts became more numerous than the Jewish, and finding the abstinence from labor on two daysŠthe Sabbath of the Bible and Sunday of pagandomŠirksome, they amalgamated the two, and thus Sunday became the sacred day. Again, to blend as far as possible into one harmonious whole the discordant sys-tems of paganism and Christianity was the height of Constantine's ambition. As a result, it is charged by Protestants that Christianity was corrupted, and all his-tory and candid scholarship sustains the charge. In order to unite the young and rising faith with the old and waning one, compromises were effected, but theologians are loath to face the fact, and, often being in possession of it, are -loath to make it known, that one of these compromises re-sulted in the overthrow of the Sabbath of the Bible in favor of the Sunday of 