308 AMERICAN SENTINEL. their armies, gathered together to make war against Him that sat on the horse, and against His army." The prophet saw the "kings of the earth and their armies," gathered in battle array against the Son of God and his army. Whatever power we may believe to be represented by the "beast," there can be no uncertainty as regards "the kings of the earth and their armies." This is a plain reference to the powers of earth,Šthe great powersŠthe nations of Europe, and of America as 'well. These are found, with their armies, arrayed against the forces of heaven. It is a "holy war," but the holiness is not on the side of the powers of earth. Of course there can be but one result. The prophet describes it:Š "And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone. And the remnant were slain with the sword of Him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth; and all the fowls were filled with their flesh." This is the last war scene in earthly history; this is how it all ends. And there is no discount on this "news." No sensational rumor or "fake" of "yellow journalism" is this, but a strictly "official" announcement from head-quarters. It is absolutely reliable. Now, we see all the world arming for war. We see the war spirit overtopping every other sentiment. We see everywhere the "kings of the earth" getting their armies in readiness to take the field. Nothing like it was ever witnessed in the earth before. Never such a general preparation, such a general sound of war, was known before in human history. It is the beginning of the end, and the prophetic description -tells us what the end will be. The final gathering to-gether of armies and navies will be to make war against the forces of heaven, in the great day of the second advent of the Son of God to the earth, in power and glory. It is certain that no Christian will be found in the armies of the kings of the earth at that day. No Chris-tian will be found fighting against God. Every Christian must, before that day comes, draw out from the military forces; he must renounce the spirit of war and fighting, notwithstanding what may be said by ministers of the gospel in its favor. And since he who is a Christian, or would be one, must do this sooner or later, or be found ere long on the side of opposition to the Commander of heaven, is it not obvious that the best time to take the step is just now? Since the Christian must separate him-self from all this, as being contrary to God, the separa-tion cannot be made too soon. The Word of God throws more and surer light on this subject than can be derived from any other source of information. IP Ł -4 -4 Im is terrible to be so short sighted that you cannot look beyond your own interests. Items of W, C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. I HALVE often tried to recall the mental processes out of which the events that followed that eventful interview were evolved, but they seem to have left not the faintest trace in memory. I only know that I was under the most intense pressure of earnest determination; that things altogether undreamed of before, developed day by day under my hands, as though by order of a Master mind, until we had before us the nucleus of an almost perfect system for preventiye and educational methods, which has since in other hands ripened into the Loyal Temperance Legion of the world. From the office of the lawyer referred to I went quickly to that of the agent who had the rental of "Brown's Hall," the largest auditorium in the city at that time, and where many of our mass meetings had been held. "Is the hall engaged for Saturday afternoon," I asked, "or can I have it for a mass meeting of children, and how much will it cost?" "It is not engaged," he replied, "and if you want it for a children's temperance meeting, you can have it and welcome." I thanked him and hastened to the place where our daily meeting of women was held. I told the women what had transpired, and to what I had pledged them; and every woman of them saw the logic of the argument and accepted the conclusion to which 'I had come, and promised to "stand by" in this effort to get hold of the children, and make Saloon Destroyers out of them. On Saturday afternoon (my readers will remember that that was all the day was to me then) we had the hall filled with children, who were fired with enthusiasm at the thought that they were at last to have a share in the great temperance movement. This was about the middle of April, 1,875, and as a result of what was then begun and carried forward, in three weeks' time we pre-sented to the public on the Court House Green a "Cold Water Army;"Šthree full companies of a hundred men each (the men between the ages of eight and sixteen), uni-formed and equipped with wooden guns. The guns had painted on the barrel in whit,  letters the legend " Our guns are ballots, Our bullets are ideas." One of the manufacturers of the city who had three boys in the army had turned all his force of workmen into making the guns for us gratis; others had helped us to the uniforms, which consisted of white blouse waist and cap, with belt and bands in the national colors; and an old army drill master, who had been rescued from drink, undertook to teach and exercise the "soldiers" in the manual of arms. They had daily practice in one of the parks, followed by a study in temperance principles in an adjacent church, which the soldiers called "loading up." The Bible was our only resource as to the lessons, and it 