728 AMERICAN SENTINEL. All history proclaims that the union, tried through long centuries of misrule, and found everywhere to be only potent for evil, should at length give place to Christ's own law of spiritual liberty, through which alone his churches can accomplish their beneficial mission, to bring the nations of the earth into the service of the Re-deemer, and to make all intellects and all hearts tribu-tary to his glory. Christian Unity. BY GEO. B. WHEELER. ONE of the unmistakable movements of the day amongst ecclesiastical bodies is that toward Christian unity. It has long been looked upon by these religious bodies as something so very desirable that it ought by some means to be attained. Cardinal Gibbons, in a ser-mon at St. Patrick's Church, in this city, recently voiced this sentiment. He said: "A yearning cry for Christian unity has gone forth. It is echoed from every portion of the Christian world. All of us share in this holy desire. We would be willing to surrender all that is dear to us, even life itself, for this happy consummation. If Americans enjoyed united Christian belief as they possess commercial and political unity, then, indeed, the univer-sal reign of Jesus Christ on earth would be accelerated. But there is one basis of this unity, and that is the basis established by Christ and his apostles." It is evident that the only true basis of Christian unity is harmony of belief and purpose, in accordance with the Word of God; and as this can only be brought about by the Spirit of God in the hearts of the unbeliev-ers, it follows that any external pressure applied to the multitude of conflicting creeds of Christendom would be futile. An appearance of unity might be attained under the pressure of fear, but it would be only concealed hyp-ocrisy; the disunion would all be there. The strife in the efforts to attain Christian unity will be seen in the fact that each sect of Christians will desire to have all other Christian sects unite on its own belief. This of course is natural, as each one believes it is right. At the General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church of America, recently held in this city, a church unity amendment was discussed in which some of the speakers expressed the opinion that Protestant de-nominations of the country will ultimately unite one and all as the church of the American people. Cardinal Gib-bons, in the sermon referred to before, said: "Now where shall we find that unity and concord which Christ so ear-nestly demands? We shall find it only in the Catholic Church. The Church of God contains about 250,000,000 adherents, scattered throughout the globe. They have all one Lord, one baptism, one faith, one creed. They re-ceive the same, sacraments, they worship at the same altar, they pay allegiance to the same spiritual head. No matter how learned or popular a man may be, as  soon as he contumaciously denies a single article of faith, or withdraws from the union of his legitimate pastor, he is cut off like a withered branch from the vine of the church." And that church has always used the power of the state, whenever she has had the power, to keep her people from doing so wicked a thing as that. It is evident that the religious bodies who are so earnestly seeking unity, are not doing it by seeking the power of the Spirit of God to bring them into harmony, but by seeking the power of the state to compel religious conformity by law. And the common ground upon which they are working now is the observance of Sunday en-forced by law. This recognizes the principle, as right, and the only logical outcome of it will be a state church with no tolerance for heretics. Washington, D. C. Religion vs. Rights. THE view which some good people take of their moral responsibilities in connection with the affairs of their neighbors, is well illustrated by the following which ap-pears in the correspondence column of the Defender. This journal is the organ of Sunday enforcement in New England, and has been sending out through that section extracts from the Sunday laws of the New England states; and in reply one recipient writes:Š "I received your extracts from the Sunday laws. We have a grocer and provision dealer, who persists in keeping open his store on the Sabbath. The day passes very rarely when he does not have from three to six cus-tomers, and often more. Some of the children from ten to fifteen years old, I have seen repeatedly come from the store with groceries or meat. Sometimes on return-ing from prayer-meeting I have counted four or five young boys purchasing candy and cigars. "I have placed a copy of the Sunday laws where he could not fail to see it; but the Sabbath following, the store was opened as before. "I have no ill-feeling against the man. He is my neighbor, I would not injure him. But I do not think it is right or consistent for me as a Christian to allow him to injure the minds of his own children and mine." The last sentence contains the kernel of the argu-ment. The writer, being a Christian, feels that it would be wrong for him to allow the minds of the children and the Morals of the community to be injured by non-Chris-tian practices. Whether keeping open store on Sunday is an injury to any person or not, is purely a religious question; and he views it in the affirmative not because he is a man asserting the rights of created beings as such, but because he is a professor of religion. Because he has chosen to profess religion, other people are to be restricted in their actions by the law of the land. This is what his view, simply analyzed, amounts to. But human liberties rest on no such narrow basis; they cannot thus be subjected to the human will. They rest upon the broad ground of the common inalienable 