26 ItIVIIIallEt1 AN-  SP-1N VoL. 9, No. 4. casion. At that banquet the Vice-presi-dent of the United States sat at the right hand of the cardinal. And in response to loud calls for a speech at the table, the archbishop made use of this situation to the following effect :Š I do not know whether or not you appreciate the full value of the union you see typified here to-night, the union of the Catholic Church and America, the fraternity between the church and the non-Catholics of the nation. The Vice-president of the United States comes here and takes his seat alongside the cardinal. This spirit of fraternity between Church and State, thus typified, is the result of the work of our American cardinal. . . . In this freest of democ-racies it was his providential mission to prove that the Catholic Church is at home. . . . Of this our cardinal is proof to all men, to all the world. . . . I wish for him many years of life for the sake of the church and the sake of the countryŠthat he may go to work even more vigorously, bringing into closer contact the old church and the new democracy. AT the same table the cardinal took oc-casion to make again the statement which he has taken particular pains to make as often as possible lately, that he "would be sorry to see the relations between Church and State any closer than they are at present," and for fear that " the State might want to have something to say as to the doctrines we teach." Yes, the relations between the State and the Catholic Church are always perfectly sat-isfactory so long as the State will support the church and enforce her dogmasŠin other words so long as the church can use the State and run it in her own interests. But when the State presumes to take a hand in the affairs of the churchŠthat is a thing the church is always very "sorry" to see. That this is the cardinal's idea here, and not the American idea of the total separation of religion and the State, is made plain by other words in the same speech in which he gives the religious characteristics of governmental affairs in the United States as follows :Š Our common law is taken from the common law of England, which is thoroughly permeated with the spirit of Christianity. Where is the Christian Sab-bath better observed than it is here ? The proceed-ings of our national and State legislatures are opened with prayer; and still another evidence of our respect and regard for religion is the fact of our setting apart a day each year for special thanksgiving; the Presi-dent of the United States and the governors of the States calling upon the people by proclamation to return thanks for the blessings they have enjoyed. Now all these statements concerning the close relations between " the church," " Christianity," " religion," etc., and America, the United States, etc., are made and repeated upon every possible occasion for a definite and set purpose. The spirit of aggression and usurpation is the very life of Romanism. And all these are but the first soft, purring steps in the carrying forward and toward the final and com-plete accomplishment of the aims and orders of Leo, through Satolli, to bring this " country into immediate contact with that great source of blessedness," the Cath-olic Church. These statements, which taken alone; and merely by themselves, might appear quite harmless, when taken in view of the definite orders of Leo, the presence of Satolli, and the very spirit of life of the papacy which is aggression and usurpation, then they every one have in them a world of meaning. These state-ments are made and often repeated for the purpose that they shall be hereafter used as the foundation upon which to build upon, position and decided movements in matters of interference in governmental affairs and use of governmental power. And then when these later movements  shall have been made so openly that their evident purpose can be clearly seen by all, and any protest is raised, she will calmly point to these statements and claims so often made in the presence of all without any protest; and then she will say that silence when these statements were so often and so openly made was consent that they were true, and those things being thus confessedly true the later and open movements follow as the natural conse-quence. Upon this ground she will im-pudently claim as of divine and natural right, that which she has usurped from beginning to end, and will coolly observe to all who then resent it, that they ought to have let their voices be heard at the beginning; but that having by silence already and so long consented, now it is too late; possession has been acquired and it is too late for dispute. THIS is precisely what this is done for, and this is the use that will be made of it in later situations. This is the working of this Romish spirit from the beginning of her existence. Concession in order to exaction; insinuation in order to usurpa-tion; aggression in order to domination; everything in order to absolute possession for purposes of unmitigated oppressionŠthis is the history of Rome and Romanism from the beginning, and this is and will be, her disposition and her course in con-nection with the United States Govern-ment to-day and forward. AND her position and power here as well as her opportunities, are seen and re-marked even from beyond the borders of this country. Not long ago Mr. John P. Hopkins was elected mayor of Chicago. And a dispatch from Montreal to Chicago Dec. 22, 1893, runs as follows :Š MONTREAL, Canada, Dec. 22.ŠThe French Canadian Catholic press of Montreal and Quebec is very enthu-,  siastic over the election of John P. Hopkins, the Catholic Mayor of Chicago. Prominent French-Canadians in Chicago telegraphed Senator Tasse that 6,000 French-Canadians voted for him and assured his election. La Minerve adds that the election of a Catholic in Chicago is a great event. The position of the mayor of Chicago, it says, is equivalent to that of many leaders of States, seeing that the city expends $38,000,000 annually, as much as the whole of Canada. Though the late Mr. Harri-son did much to give the Catholics their due share of patronage, much still remains to be done. It would be a mistake to believe that the United States is a tolerant country enough for Catholics. They merely have the crumbs of patronage. This is quite evident when we remember that the ten mil-lions of Catholics in the United States have not a single representative in the Cleveland Cabinet, though it owes its existence to them. Note what a world of meaning is in the last words of this quotationŠthat the Cleveland Cabinet "owes its existence" to " the Catholics in the United States." This is true. There is no doubt of that. But that and other things of equal impor-tance being true, and this showing the use that is to be made of these things, adds emphasis to the point which we make on the statements which we have herein reproduced from Archbishop Ireland and the cardinal at the jubilee celebration. Yes, there is not the least doubt that the relations between the State and the Cath-olic Church in the United States are close enough to suit the cardinal and for all practical purposesŠfor the present. And in view of the things here presented we simply ask every American, " Will not the papacy in the United States bear watching both for the present and the fu-ture ?Šfor the present preparatory for the  future, and for the future in view of the present ? " A. T. J. NOTE. ŠThe quotations from Archbishop Ireland and Cardinal Gibbons are all found in the Catholic Times, of Philadel-phia, October 21, 1893. Roman Catholic " Loyalty." " IT seems utterly useless," complains the Catholic Standard, "for American Catholics to protest that the charges brought against -them by the American Protective Association are calumnies; that Catholics are not disloyal to the Govern-ment of the United States," etc. The SENTINEL is not an American Protective Association organ, nor is it in sympathy with the methods of that organization ; but it cannot see that any great injustice is done the Catholics, nor is it a misrep-resentation to say that Roman Catholics are necessarily disloyal. Not that they are necessarily at the present time in open hostility to the Government, but that the papal system so enthralls its votaries that their highest allegiance is due, not only in religion but in. civil duties as well, to the Roman hierarchy. This has been repeatedly demonstrated; but the most recent example is France. There for years the attitude of the papal church was one of hostility to the Government, until only recently the pope bade his minions sup-port the republic. Instantly the whole body of the French Catholics became sup-porters of the Government. But did they become loyal ? Certainly not; for were the pope to so bid them they would to-morrow become hostile again. However well satisfied a Roman Catholic may be with government, however well his liberties may be guarded, his rights guaranteed, if " the church " so bids him he must assume an attitude of hostility to that government. The pope claims the right to depose kings and to set up kings, and to absolve from their allegiance to any given government a whole people. It is this preposterous claim that makes Rome the enemy not only of religious lib-erty but of civil liberty as well. The essence of Protestantism is the right of private judgment subject only to the divine law. The essence of popery is submission to the pope. The divine law commands obedience to civil rulers in all civil things, and obedience to God in all things religious. This is a principle of universal application and admits of entire loyalty both to divine and human govern-ment, for it is an unchanging rule and one of -universal and uniform application. The papal rule is, however, no more stable than is man himself, for it makes the pope, who is only a man, and the man of sin at that, the arbiter and judge in both civil and religious things. Hence, a vassal of the pope can be only provisionally loyal to any civil government, his loyalty being always conditioned on the will of his supreme master, who assumes the right to depose kings and to set up kings. C. P. B. A Papal Ally. THE Catholic Review notes with evi-dent satisfaction the fact that in an inter-view given a reporter of the Baltimore Sun recently, Right Reverend Bishop Penick, General Agent of the Protestant Episcopal Church for its work among the colored people in the United States said :Š It has been interesting and gratifying to watch the 