OF LipERT7--r. 669 WE shall be glad when the present political cam-paign is over and it again becomes possible to state a fundamental principle of just civil government, or even to refer to the, Declaration of Independence, without being regarded as favoring one or the other Of the great political parties. THE SENTINEL is not in politics and does not discuss any question from a political standpoint. "THE ethical definition of politics," says the Catholic Standard and Times, "is an enlarged mo-rality.' The practical definition, as most frequently illustrated, is a condensed and systematized ras-cality.'" 04  THE " AMERICAN SABBATH;" AT a recent W. C. T. U. Convention at Downs, Kans., as noted by the Logan Republican, one of the questions discussed was. " Shall the American Sab-bath Be Preserved?" Strong ground was taken in favor of the legal enforcement of Sunday, but none of the speakers even attempted to explain the incon-gruity of coupling the words " American " and " Sab-bath" together, thus making the term " American Sabbath." As only the Lord has power' to command men under penalty of sin there can certainly be no moral obligation resting upon anybody to pay any regard to the" American Sabbath." Indeed it is not clear that America has any " Sabbath " peculiarly her own. There is, it is true, the Lord's Sabbath or the " Lord's day," as it is called in Rev. 1: 1o, which is, as everybody knows, the seventh day of the week. But surely America has no claim on this day. Then there is the first day or Sunday, which came to us as an inheritance from the English Puritans, but it is no more American than a coat made in London, but worn in America, is an American,coat. But laying all this aside, and granting that it is well understood what is meant by the term the American Sabbath," what right has America or any other country' to have such an institution? If a weekly rest day is desired, why call it a Sabbath? We all, know something of the purpose of the Sabbath of the Lord. It Was Made for man, i.e., fOr all men, 'Americans as well as others, and was given to the race as a memorial of God's work of creation and of his rest at the close of creation week. But what Ł  has America done that deserves to be commemorated by a weekly Sabbath? And even if some event could be found that could be fittingly commemorated'  by a weekly rest, would it be just the proper thing for America to seize upon the Lord's- idea and set up a counterfeit of his Sabbath, which Must in the very nature of the case detract from the regard paid to His memorial? But if it be' said that the day so generally Ob-served is called the "American Sabbath " only be-cause it is the custom of Americans to Observe it, then this name which 'is supposed by Some to greatly add to the prestige of the day amounts to no more than saying that the thing is good and ought to ob-served because we Americans observe it. Now, seriously, would it not be much better to drop all talk of the " civil Sabbath," the " American Sabbath," the " Christian Sabbath," etc., etc., and speak only of " the Sabbath of the Lord," or of " the Sabbath," as do the Scriptures? But, then, to adopt this suggestion might result in confusion as to the day referred to, since, as before stated, in the Scriptures these terms always mean not the first day of the week, but the seventh day; and so we shall probably continue to hear these various qualifying words coupled with,  the word Sab-bath, the use of which is, however, itself a confes-sion that the day thus designated is-not the Sabbath. Ł - APPRECIATED. A SUBScRIBER who recently secured, a copy of the map of China, acknowledges its receipt in the following language: "Your 'fine map of China re-ceived, and certainly arrives at an opportune time, in view of the stirring, World-important events tran-spiring, in that country. Please accept my hearty thanks." This gentleman is one of several-hundred persons who have received this -map during the past three months, and like appreciation .is entertained by hun-dreds of our subscribers. Perhaps you anticipate securing the map, and; if so, we wish to state that it will be necessary to act promptly. Only a fe,w copies remain, and since we shall not order a new supply, we shall'cease to men tion the map with this issue of THE SENTINEL. Hence your order should,  be sent at once in order to Insure the delivery of the map. 