AMERICAN SENTINEL. 635 longings for the Yang-tse-Kiang Valley, and has evi-dently set on Italy to claim Fuhkien. She has evidently done more; she has attempted to frustrate my relations with Russia. Such indignities are insufferable, and I have therefore addressed myself to my good friend the Emperor of Japan for succor in my distress." An Entering Wedge. MINNESOTA, the "North Star State," is preparing to take a hand in persecution for conscience' sake. Accord-ing to The St. Paul Globe, of September 22, the State Labor Bureau has completed arrangements for an in-vestigation into the Sunday labor problem as directed by the legislature of last winter, and will begin the in-quiry at once. This is an entering wedge, but no doubt it will be driven to its utmost. If the next legislature will only pass another bill providing for investigation of Monday labor, the farce will be complete. H. F. PHELPS. Aim of the National Reform Movement. WHAT the SENTINEL has so long kept before the American people as a source of great danger to their liberties, a movement threatening both the state and the church, is defined anew in the September issue of the Christian Statesmen, the organ of the National Reform Association. And that many of our readers who have not before had the opportunity, may see what this movement is, upon the authority of those who are con-ducting it, we reprint what the Statesman has to say of it:Š "The aim of the National Reform movement is to bring the Constitution of the United States into har-mony with the requirements of the divine law. "The necessity for such a movement arises from the fact that in that document there is no recognition of Almighty God, the source of all authority, the Lord Jesus Christ, the governor among the nations, or the Bible, the supreme standard in civil affairs. There is nothing so distinctively Christian in it as to prevent it being adopted by any nation, Mohammedan or heathen, as its constitution of government. "This seems strange when we remember that this nation in its origin was Christian. By the colonies God, Christ and the divine law were again and again ac-knowledged. The legislation was based upon the prin-ciples of Christianity. During the Revolutionary war fast and thanksgiving days were frequently appointed; the interposition of God on our behalf was again and again sought and proclamations acknowledging our indebtedness to him for victories issued. Not until our independence was secured and we were ready to enter upon our career as a nation was he forgotten, to whom we had so often acknowledged ourselves indebted for our success. "Whatever may have been the reason for this, whether it was a mere oversight, or because of a foolish fear of complications, such as, in the Old World, are the result of the union of church and state, or because of the spirit of infidelity then so prevalent, it was most unfortunate. To-day we are reaping the consequences. The Christian features of our institutions are one by one being eliminated. The 'liberal' element in our coun-try is becoming very aggressive. Each success makes it the bolder and more determined in its demands. Unless a change is effected soon in the organic law of the land, we will become ere long, as a nation what the Constitu-tion isŠGodless. "Thoughtful people are beginning to see this. They are being made to understand that there is a cause for the increasing political corruption, local, state, and national; the character of the legislation; the growth of heartless monopolies; the desecration of our Sab-bath; the spirit of unrest and lawlessness everywhere prevalent and that there can be no remedy for the evils so long as the cause exists. The conviction is deepening and becoming more general, that the godless character of the national Constitution is the cause, and that the remedy, the only remedy, is the effecting such a change in it as will bring it into harmony with the law of God and the early history of the nation. "In a movement of this kind, there will be, necessa-rily, persons of different, and it maybe, opposite views on subjects of importance. There will be members of different churches, different parties, advocates of differ-ent reforms. This fact ought to be recognized. It must be recognized in order to obtain success. The move-ment should not be allowed to become so identified with any body of Christians, with any political party, or to be so obscured by prominence given to any other re-form, however good it may be, as to cause it to occupy a subordinate place. The one object, the only object, should be to unite all who are heartily in favor of it, regardless of their opinions on other subjects, in an earnest effort to secure its accomplishment. Now is the time for such an effort to be made. Austria Against the Jew. N. Y. "Christian Advocate." THE anti-Jewish party raised the false flag of Chris-tian socialism for political purposes, and got an im-mense majority in the Vienna Town Council and the Provincial Diet of Lower Austria; but they did nothing for the working classes, the destruction of the preroga-tives of the nobility, the loosening of the burdens of militarism, nor for the removal'of distress among the poor; they said nothing about the liberty of the press or the right of association. All they wanted toido was to drive the Jews out, and if they could not do that, to deprive them of the rights of citizenship. They proposed to drive them from public places, and from the numerous chairs they have in the universities. Of the million and a hall of the people in Vienna one hundred and twenty thousand are Jews, not one in ten. But of the four thousand physicians half are Jews, and of the one thou. 