TO THE pUBLIC:  This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. Ł Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your " Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. H. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. DR. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. W. M. 1112awls. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds. and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. RO5EMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies "by hand." D. W. McCown. AUGUST 17, 1893, 263 SOME VALUABLE BOOKS FOR YOUNG MEN. We have secured the following books which we can recommend, not only as unobjectionable but as highly beneficial reading for young men:Š Moral Muscle and How to Use It, by FRED-MUCK ATKINS. A Brotherly Chat with Young Men. " This is positively the best book for young men that we have seen. It looks the facts of young men's lives full in the face, and proclaims the gospel of industry, perseverance, self-con-trol, and manly Christianity. We can certify that no one will find it stupid."ŠSt. Andrews Cross. First Battles and How to Fight Them, by F. A. ATKINS. Friendly Chats with Young Men. " It is true in substance, attractive in its style and admira-ble in its spirit. I heartily commend this little volume."ŠRev. John Hall, D.D. The Spiritual Athlete and How He Trains, by W. A. BODELL. Introduction by REV. B. FAY MILLS. A work for young men, pithy, pointed and practical. " Its power and value lie in the consistent carrying out of the comparison between physical and spiritual training."ŠThe Independent. /grave and True, by J. THAIN DAVIDSON. Talks to Young Men. "This is one of the books the wide distribution of which cannot be too greatly desired."ŠPresbyterian Journal. Each of these books is complete in itself, and so can be sold separately at fifty cents each; but as they are all about equally good, and desiring to encourage the dissemination of such literature, we offer the four for $1.75. They are all bound alike, and put up in a neat box present a very at-tractive appearance. They will form a valuable addition to any young man's or youth's library. THE PHILOSOPHY OF THE PLAN OF SALVATION BY " an American Citizen " Is something that every Christian ought to read. It is a val-uable book, though not entirely free from remarks which indi-cate wrong ideas. But as these occur only incidentally, and are in no sense essential to the author's course of reasoning, they are unimportant. The book can be safely put into the hands of any one, and would be especially valuable in dealing with the candid skeptic. Nearly 200 pages, Bound. in Cloth. ŠPrice 25 cents.  PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond Street, New York City. CHRISTIAN LIFE SERIES. Four excellent books of which we can give no better idea than by quoting the table of contents of one. The first, "Chris-tian Living," contains nine chapters, as follows:Š I. The Appropriation of Christ. II. Christ's Proprietorship. III. Reciprocal Indwelling. IV. "Sins" and "Sins." V. The Will. VI. Guidance. VII. The Fullness of the Spirit. VIII. Our Work for Christ. IX. Concluding Words. The second book of this series, "The Present Tense of the Blessed Life." has seventeen chapters and treats of the many promises of present help and blessing. The Christian should live in the present as well as for the future. Jesus not only promises future salvation but he gives present victory. The Future Tense of the Blessed Life," deals with promises of future blessings. The first chapter is "A Cluster of Grapes;" the text is Zeph 3: 17. "The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing." Truly this is a rich cluster of promises. The title of the remaining book, "The Shepherd Psalm," will sufficiently explain every Christian character of this vol-ume. What follower of Christ is not familiar with the Twenty-Third Psalm and where is the trusting Christian who does not love to dwell upon it ? About one hundred and sixty pages each, bound in blue vel-lum cloth, 50 cents each, or four for $ 1 .75. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond street, New York City. THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Editor. A twenty-four page monthly journal, devoted t ) the various phases of medical missionary and b nevolent work. It contains each month also arti-cles of general interest on mission fields, and items of missionary intelligence. Each number is illus-trated. Published by the S. D. A. Medical Missionary and Benevolent Association. Price 25 cents per year. Address Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich, YOUNG PEOPLES' LIBRARY. SERIES I. Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and Šgold.Š Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows:- 1. FIJI AND SAMOA.---Jottings from the Pacific, No. I. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Martyr. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid. for $3.60; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Naw 'YORK. CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS. COPYRIGHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW Totes. Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the Acientific American Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world. Splendidly illustrated. No intelligent man should be without it. Weekly ,_$3.00 year; $1.50 six months. Address MUNN & CO.. oi3Lisusus, 361 Broadway, New York City. EAGLE BRAND THE Is unequaled for House, Barn, Factory, or Out-Buildings, and costs half the price of shin-gles, tin or iron. It is ready for use, and easily applied by any one. Send stamp for sam- ples, and state size of roof. Address, EXCELSIOR PAINT AND ROOFING CO., DEPT. 9, 155 DUANE STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM Ł HEALTH FOODS. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit of its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More than I 50 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oat m eat Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods, Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of' Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mick 