306 THE ANIERICAN SENTINEL. results from the union of Church and State; tolera-tion, from a relaxation of that union ; full religious liberty and legal equality require a peaceful separa-tion of the spiritual and secular powers." Note particularly what he says of toleration, that it is an intermediate state between religious persecution and religious liberty. He says also that it is usually " the entering wedge for relig-ious liberty and legal equality." This is true, providing it has been preceded by despotic intol-erance. If aovernment has rigidly persecuted everyone who dissents from the established relig-ion, then an act of toleration would be the enter-ing wedge toward religious libertyŠa step toward freedom; but if perfect liberty and equality have been enjoyed by the citizens of a government, then an act of toleration would be a long stride toward the taking away of religious freedom. For an act of toleration, as Dr. Schaff truly says, "Always presupposes a religion established by law and supported by the State, and the right of the State to control public worship." The very fact of exemptions being thought of in a lawŠthe use of the word concession and tolerationŠshows the existence of a despotic law ; so that the more the Sunday-law advocates talk about concessions, the more they boast of their leniency, the more they press their petition for a Sunday law which shall exempt those who relig-iously and regularly observe another day,Šthe more they proclaim the fact that they are working for a State religion. Now, whenever a religion, or any form of religion, is established by the State, the Inquisition and persecution must inevit-ably follow. For in such a case an offense against the established religion is an offense against the State; and of course the State is bound to punish all who violate its laws. But punishment by the State for differences of opin-ion, or of acts in matters of religion, is persecution. Note particularly the petition which we quoted. It provides for the exemption of those who " re-ligiously and regularly" observe another day of the week. How, in the face of this, it is possible for the framers and advocates of that petition to claim that they are not working for a State relig-ion, it is impossible for us to conceive. That petition lays the foundation for the Inquisition ; and if a law should be passed in harmony with it, the Inquisition would have to be established. How can the State tell who do and who do not religiously observe another day? Anyone can see that the petition plans for the State to inquire, not simply into a man's religious or irreligious acts, but into the motives of his acts. Of course it is well understood that under all circumstances there are people who have a form of religion, people who do certain things professedly in the name of religion, yet from selfish motives. Now if a law is passed in accordance with this petition, the State through its officers would be obliged to inquire into the motives which prompt a man's rest upon Saturday. No individual will have any guarantee that he will remain unmolested for a week. He may be brought up at any time at the instigation of any bigot or any person who has a fancied grudge towards him, and put under examination as to whether or not he observes another day from religious motives. And the worst of it all will be that in such examination his own testimony will avail nothing. Of course those who do observe the day religiously would say so; and any who are not conscientious in their observance of the day would, in order to es-cape the penalty, declare that they observed it igigiously. And so whether or not a person were  cleared would depend upon the testimony of men who might have bitter prejudice toward him. We believe that every thoughtful, candid indi-vidual can see that to work for this petition is to work directly for as wicked a persecution as ever existed on earth. Let those who see this point use all their energy in setting the light clearly before others, in order that they may not be de-ceived by the specious arguments of those who are working for the Sunday law. To every in-dividual that petition will be presented, and many will be misled by its outward pretention to justice and of caring for the rights of a minority, un-aware that in this very concession is the strongest proof of the wicked character of the proposed law. E. J. W. Ł . I. The Edmunds Resolution. THE SENTINEL has said considerable during the past year about the proposed amendment to the national Constitution establishing instruction in the principles of the Christian religion in all the public schools in the nation. The last few numbers have contained an argument made by one of the editors of the SENTINEL before the Committee on Education and Labor in opposition to that resolution. When the next Congress shall assemble, there will be a powerful effort made to secure the introduction of a resolution embodying the doctrines proposed in that, but in what shape the matter will be presented, it is of course impossible in advance to tell. The forces are being rallied, the different views are being brought together as much as possible, and the people cannot be too wide-awake nor too dili-gently engaged in the study of the subject, nor can there be too prompt action in opposing the movement. The Blair resolution is not the only one that is advocated. There is another called the "Edmunds Resolution," so called because it was framed and presented by Senator Edmunds, of Vermont. The history of the Edmunds resolution is this, to begin at the beginning of the subject: April 19, 1870, Hon. S. S. Burdette, of Missouri, pro-posed an amendment to the United States Con-stitution upon this subject, reading as follows:Š " SECTION 1. No State or municipal corporation within any State of the United States shall levy or collect any tax for the support or aid of any sectarian, denominational, or religious school or educational es-tablishment; nor shall the legislature of any State, or the corporate authorities of any municipality within any State, appropriate any money or make any donation from the public fund or property of such State or municipality for the support or aid of any sectarian, religious, or denominational schools or educational establishments. " SEC. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation." It will be seen at a glance that this only pro- hibits State aid to denominational or religious schools or establishments. It does not prohibit sectarian, religious, or denominational instruction in the public schools. It thus missed the mark so widely that it seems not to have been taken any notice of after its introduction. It was not long, however, before another step was taken. December 19, 1871, Hon. William M. Stewart, United States senator from Nevada, proposed an amendment to the national Constitu- tion, reading as,follows " SECTION 1. There shall be maintained in each State and Territory a system of free common schools, but neither the United States nor any State, Territory, county, or municipal corporation, shall aid in the sup-port of any schools wherein the peculiar tenets of any denomination are taught. "SEC. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation." This proposition seems to have excited some public discussion. It was strongly disapproved by many on the ground that such a measure was " both unnecessary and misleading "Šunneces-sary because no danger could arise in any State from such action; and mischievous because it would only tend to provoke a controversy which was uncalled for. Nothing seems to 'have come of Mr. Stewart's proposition except the discussion referred to. Nothing more was done for four years. Then, however, December 14, 1875, Hon. James G. Blaine, then a member of the House of Repre-sentatives, proposed an amendment, as follows: ARTICLE XVI. " No State shall make any law respecting an estab-lishment of a religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; and no money raised by taxation in any State for the support of public schools, or derived from any public fund therefor, shall ever be under the con-trol of any religious sect, nor shall any money so raised or land so devoted be divided between relig-ious sects or denominations." August 4, 1876, Mr. Blaine's resolution was reported back from the Judiciary Committee with two slight additions, one, of the words " or denomination " following the word " sect " in the second clause, and the other a sentence at the end, saying, " This article shall not vest, enlarge, or diminish legislative power in Congress." It will be seen that Mr. Blaine's resolution goes a step further than either of the ones which preceded it, in that it embodies in its first clause the substance of the first amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, prohibiting any State making any law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. As for the rest of his resolution, it is in substance the same as the other two, simply saying that no public money raised by taxation or derived from public funds for the support of public schools should ever be under the control of any religious sect or divided amongst religious sects or denomi-nations. It does not prohibit the teaching of re-ligion in the public schools, nor does it prohibit the use of public monerfor the support of relig-ious teaching in the public schools. Therefore, as for any real value in that resolution, there was none except in its first clause. Yet, it was adopted by the House of Repre-sentatives after brief debate, by vote of 180 yeas to 7 nays, with 98 not voting. The resolution then went to the Senate, and, August 7, was re-ferred to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, with several substitutes which had been offered for it. Two days later, August 9, Senator Ed-munds, of the Judiciary Committee, reported back the joint resolution with an amendment which was in fact a substitute, reading as follows :Š ARTICLE XVI. "No State shall make any law respecting an es-tablishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof, and no religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office of public trust under any State. No public property, and no public revenue of, nor any loan of credit by or under, the au-thority of the United States, or any State, Territory, district, or municipal corporation, shall be appropri-ated to, or made, or used for, the support of any school, educational or other institution, under the control of any religious, or anti-religious, organization, or wherein the particular creed or tenets of any religious or anti-religious sect, organization, or denomination, shall be taught. And no such particular creed or tenet shall be read or taught in any school or institu-tion supported in whole or in part by such revenue 