10 THE AMERICAN S.ENTINEL, they must suppose the workingmen of the United States to be ! Nor is the American Sabbath Union alone in this. The National Reform As-sociation is the original organization' in the United States, pledged to the enforce-ment of religious observances by law. This organization even demands the adop-tion of an amendment to the National Constitution "declaring this to be a Chris-tian Nation ;" "placing Christian laws, in-stitutions, and usages on an undeniable le-gal basis ; " and "enforcing upon all the laws of Christian morality." And this Associa-tion, in national convention in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1887, declared that " so-cialism, and anarchism, and Catholicism, are all trying to catch the workingmen; but National Reform must secure the workingmen, and they can best be secured through the agitation of the Sabbath, for workingmen do not want to work on the Sabbath." The would be head of the Sunday Rest Leagues of the United States, W. F. Crafts, lately published (Christian States-man, Dec. 11, 1891), the statement that " We fear that a majority of the work-ingmen can not yet wisely use eight hours a day of leisure." It needs no proof to show that the Na-tional Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and the Sunday Rest League, are so closely allied as to be but simply different branches of the one grand scheme of the churches to gain control of the civil power to enforce upon all their arbitrary decrees. Nor do we need to present any further evidence to demonstrate that the " civil " Sabbath plea is a deception and a snare; or that the professed interest of these preachers and organizations in the "poor enslaved workingmen" and "the toiling masses " is a fraud. The editor-in-chief, of the leading labor journal in the United States, said lately, " We have discovered the hypocrisy in the claim that Sunday laws are only de-signed to enforce the ' civil ' Sabbath." It seems strange how anybody with half an eye could fail to discover it. The truth of the matter is that the work-ingmen, of the United States, have intel-ligence enough to know for themselves when they are oppressed or enslaved, and are abundantly able to apply the needed remedies for relief. The workingmen of the United States are not so ignorant, nor so childish, that the church managers need to assume the office of self-appointed guardians to decide for them when they are oppressed and when they are not; and when they are tired and when they are not; and whether they can safely be trusted with eight hours leisure a day. Away with such presumptuous arro-gance! Let the workingmen arise in their manliness and in the genuine dignity of labor, and denounce, as it deserves, and as tj3Q YrickQd tiling that it is, this hypocriti,  cal " mothering," and fraudulent " inter-est," of the church managers in their evil devised schemes to invade the rights and liberties, not only of the workingmen, but of all the people. A. T. J. A State Cannot Be a Theocracy. A STATE is distinct from a nation in its essential features: While the latter is the product of nature, and may be wholly unpolitical, as in the instance of some aboriginal tribes, the former owes its very existence to political machinery, and is wholly the creature of the people. In the words of another:Š The State emerges from and is upheld by society, and is therefore subservient to its ends. The true office of the State is simply to disembarrass the free interaction of the constituents of society; to secure justice and peace; to guard against Łexcess and disorder. It is to keep the road clear for the foot-steps of society, not to show the way; to regulate its movements, not to inaugurate them; to secure co-operation and harmony between the social ele-ments, not to generate these elements, or their laws of affinity. It therefore follows that while a nation might become a theocracy, as in the case of Israel, a State could not possibly have such a form of government, since in that event it would cease to be a political com-pact. This will perhaps be more clearly seen by examining the nature of a theocracy. The word " theocracy " in its Greek form is defined " Rule of God." In other words it relates to a past form of government in which God was recognized as supreme Ruler in civil, as well as spiritual affairs. He not only made and proclaimed the law by which his government was admin-istered, but without any voice of the people, expressing their preference, he appointed all officers, through whom the affairs of the nation were to be regulated. Officers thus appointed were but agents of Jehovah, and as such, were amenable only to him for their official acts. Even though the people might be dissatisfied with the course of any official, they had no power to remove him from office. He was ap-pointed to his position by a power infinitely above the people, and could only be re-moved from it by the same authority which appointed him to the place. The moral law of Jehovah being adopted as the civil code of the nation, its penalties were enforced by the civil rulers. This statement must of course be taken in a modified sense. None who were punished by the civil ruler under the theocracy, received the full penalty designed to be inflicted upon the incorrigible transgres-sor of God's law; for the punishment inflicted by the civil ruler, even then, was only temporal. The Judgment of the great day alone is competent to decide what punishment adequately meets the requirement of God's law. The civil ruler of that day did, however, make that law the baele ei every outward offense, and  punished accordingly. It mattered not whether.  the transgressor violated only that portion of the law which regulated his dealings toward his fellow-man, or that which ordered his religious worship; it was all the same. The civil magistrate was duly authorized to administer punish-ment in either case. Not a move was made in anything, in fact, without explicit direction from Hea-ven. During all the wearying marches of Israel from Egypt to Canaan, God talked with Moses through the fiery, cloudy pil-lar, and from above the mercy-seat, di-recting and counseling him in all the affairs of the nation. The reasons for this are obvious. 1. Accepting Jehovah as their God, they not only became a distinct people, among the idolatrous nations by whom they were surrounded, but they thus gave their consciences into the keeping of Jehovah, to be regulated by his moral law. 2. By this act they were no longer their own but the peculiar people of God. In other words, they became the subjects of God's Church, or kingdom on the earth. It was therefore his privilege to prescribe the rites and ceremonies of their religious worship. 3. As their acknowledged king, he was absolute sovereign of their body politic; and as such, it was his prerogative to make his own laws, choose his own method of governing, proclaim war, and make peace with surrounding nations. Therefore in appointing his officers of government, God chose to make them min-isters of religious as well as of civil affairs. They not only administered punishment to the uncivil, but it was their duty to declare who were clean, and who were un-clean, who were to be shut out from the congregation and who were to be admitted. In all these matters the people had no voice; but in everything, both civil and religious, were to inquire of the law at the mouth of those whom God .had appointed to teach " all the statutes, which the Lord had spoken unto them." See Lev. 10 : 11 Though one of the most highly favored of God, Moses had not the privilege even of naming his successor. Joshua was called of God to fill the place soon to be made vacant by the death of Moses; and, although the people had no voice what-ever in his selection, yet when Joshua had received his charge in the sight of the people they readily accepted him as their leader under God. J. 0. CORLISS. EARNEST effort in a good cause can not fail. It may not be crowned with the ap-plause of men; it may not seem to touch the goal of immediate worldly success, which is the end and aim of so much in life; but it is not lost.ŠSumner. 4. - "NOTHING outside of a In can ever make him truly religious," 