70 AMERICAN SENTINEL'. till the coming of the first Apostolic Delegate; and never did class surrender dearest privileges with such lofty, if reluctant, magnanimity. The fact is the bishops of the United States were God-fearing men. and although un-prepared for the change of discipline, they bowed to the command of the Holy Father." It may be seen by this statement that the American Catholic Church was regarded" by the Pope as being in danger of losing its distinctive historical. feature of ab-ject submission to the Papacy; and, more, he feared the further continuance in the liberal pathway, and hence interposed his authority to recall the church toward its true character of intolerance from which it has in this country imperceptibly drifted. . One of the steps taken in this direction was the re-moval of Bishop Keane from the rectorship of the Catho-lic University of Washington. Of this action the editor of the Watchman says " Bishop Keane was -not ponderous, and that was the extent of his offending. But it is doubtful if he would have been removed if he had not advanced dangerous views on Protestantism. Catholics believe that Protes-tantism is a 41d-tunable heresy, worse than any other that has yet arisen in the church. They think it is charity to tell Protestants so; to cooperate in bringing them out of their position of awful danger. . . Bishop Keene was the paraclete of American Protestants, and gave them conso-lation which better theologians considered cruel and un-justifiable. For this he was removed from the headship of an institution, which was to train the men who were to lead the thought of the American Catholic Church in years to come." The above is a very significant Statement. It proves that the Catholic priests and people of this country are henceforth to be trained upon a methoddess in harmony with the spirit of American liberty, and more in a fashion of the priesthood of medmval Europe, when anything which did not agree with the Catholic Church was de-nounced as "damnable heresy" by decrees of the church, and the believers in such doctrines extirpated, if need be, by the civil rulersŠwho were the church's most obsequi-ous and .obedient servants. One more thought in this connection is worthy of re-markŠthe time when the Papacy determined to change its policy in America. As long as " liberty " was the true watchword of the American poople, such a step could not be safely taken. This, has been the condition of the American people from the birth of the republic until within the past few years. During these years no one suggested that the American people were in danger of becoming too free. Old barbaric, priestly laws have been -swept from the statute books, or become obsolete from disuse. But a change has surely come. The people of Amer-ica are losing the spirit of libel ty. Many of the great men of the nation distrust the people, and think that -they can sniff anarchy in the popular discontent. There is a great movement for the enforcement of religion by law; and laws which men of the present age scarcely  dreamed were in existence have been resurrected and en-forced in our day. The various departments of our Gov-ernment have at different times given authoritative expressions of governmental approval of that sentiment. The Pope sees this significant change in American feeling, and as he sees the nation liable to make a great swing back from liberty toward despotism, he would pre; pare for the change, that the Catholic Church may be in a position to reap the results from this retrogression of sentiment. To put the American Catholic Church into a position to gather the largest possible amount of rEsults of this change in American sentiment was the mission of Satolli. No wonder that he has received a Cardinal's hat in acknowledgement of his remarkable success! * Ł 4 4 Religion and State in Switzerland. THE advocates of a union of Chlirch and State in the United States seek to evade the objections which lie against their scheme by contending that they seek no union of Church and State, but only a union of the State with religion. It appears, from an article which the Rev. J. E. Choicy, of Geneva, Switzerland, contributes to The King-dom (Minneapolis, Minn.), on "The Endowment of Reli-gion by the State in Switzerland," that Ła union of the State with religion is exactly the system which prevails in that republic. There, says Mr. Choicy, religion is en-dowed by the State. The republic itself, as a nation, does not endow religion, but it is endowed by each of the cantons, or States. The Federal Government contents itself with assuming a right to negotiate with the "Holy See" in all matters concerning the organization and gov-ernment of the Roman Catholic Church. Each canton, we are told, is entirely free to endow what confession it likes. "Each has its own church sys-tem. The Roman Catholic cantons sustain the Roman Catholic Church, the Protestant cantons the Reformed Church. In the mixed cantons both churches are sus2  tained by the State." The Catholic or Protestant minor-ity, unless powerful enough to be considered worthy of endowment, have to submit to the will of their religious opponents. "In the cantons of Zurich, where Protest-ants are in overwhelming majority, a Roman Catholic child will be religiously taught just the same as his little Protestant comrades until he is ten or eleven years old." The following quotations from Mr. Choicy's article speak further with reference to the practical workings of this system:Š "As the State sustains religion, it often is not con-tent with a mere right of overseeing the Church; it goes so far as to organize-  itself the Protestant churches by means of laws which are voted by the cantonal houses. A citizen is at the same time member of a church. He himself elects by his vote deputies to the synod or con-sistory, as well as the minister of his parish. Every young man on attaining the age of twenty, provided he 