AMERICAN SENTINEL. 185 Christian Greeks make to civilization against their Ma-hometan tyrants." Of course, the real truth is, that the so-called "Chris-tian" powers, with their gunboats and armies, no more represent Christianity than does the army of the Sultan. When it comes to action, they are moved by some selfish motive every time. For the sake of pecuniary gain, or to block the path of some ambitious rival, any one of them would side with that power which is the open and bitter enemy of Christianity, in its warfare upon those professing to be Christians. This is what their fleets and armies are for, and this is the kind of "Christianity" which makes use of fleets and armies. True Christianity has no use for'either. A Significant Confession. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THE Christian Statesman, of January 2, contains a -very interesting article under the heading, "The Americo-Armenian Question," signed by "American Citizen." The edito'r of the Statesman vouches for the "standing and responsibility" of the writer, who, I suspect, is a general contributor to that paper and devoted to its purposes. The article no doubt gives a truthful description of the way the Greek Church and Catholic Church priests con-nive together to hold the Armenians, Stundists, and other small sects of Christians, in check. But the strange thing about this article is that this writer cannot see that such acts are the natural outgrowth of the Charch-and-State theory of government held by both the Pope of Rome and the Russian priestsŠthat very theory which he and the Statesman are endeavoring to establish in this nation. While the Greek Church and the Catholic Church are not agreed on all things, they are agreed on the principle that the State should support the Church. During the late Parliamentary struggles in Hungary, the clergy of both these churches have opposed themselves to the peo-ple who demand reforms. Each of these churches wants all there is, but upon a pinch they agree to stand by each other, each hoping that it will secure the larger propor-tion of the spoils. Is not this about the same way that things are work-ing in this country? The great churches are combining and pressing their claims upon the Government for rec-ognition; one cannot do it alone, so there is a union of forces. Should there be a small sect, like the Adventists, in the way. the greatest good to the greatest number de-mands that it be crushed out !  In other words, the great and dominant churches of our land propose to do to weak dissenters here the same thing that the Catholic and Greek churches propose to do with the Armenians and Stundists. Those Protestants who are in charge of this work in this country flatter themselves that they will at some future time eliminate the Catholic Church  from the division of spoils of honors and emoluments, to be gained by a national religion. But they will suffer a most grievous disappointment.,  Even the writer in the Statesman above referred to, in the same article quoted, laments that the State Department of our Government is now controlled by the Jesuits. Thus he says:Š "Jesuits so control what we call our country, espe-cially in its State Department, as they do that of most of the European courts, that they, the Jesuits, practically, are the country." Thus. by this writer's own confession, the Jesuit; are already entrenched in our Government and running it with a high hand. Many more proofs of this are given in the same article. Now this writer, in harmony with the paper in which his article appears, believes that this nation should take a position in a more authoritative manner than it yet has done as a Christian nation; that the whole national policy should be shaped in harmony with Christian principles. But who is to do this? Ac-cording to his own statementŠand his "standing and responsibility" are vouched for by the editor of the StatesmanŠthe Catholic Church, represented by its most crafty order, the Jesuits, is even now managing Govern-ment affairs and is shaping the policy of this "Christian nation." Can this power be dislodged from this vantage ground ?ŠNo, indeed; and every step taken toward forc-ing a national and governmental recognition of Chris-tianity as the legalized religion -of this nation elevates the Catholic Church and drives another nail into the coffin of Protestantism. The only way by which Protestantism can have any hope of success in an encounter with organized and crafty Romanism is by the use of the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God. By that means Protestantism has won some notable victories. When she throws down that defensive weapon she is as helpless before Romanism as was Roderick Dhu when he threw away his shield to face on equal terms the more skillful Fitz-Jamesi. Protest-ants are giving up that Word. The Bible is not believed by them as it used to be. They are looking to other means to advance the religion they profess. They are particularly anxious for governmental acknowledgment, craving the same things which Catholics have so long en-joyed and in so many nations. They will find their bud-ding prospects blasted in the very hour of their fancied success. Their hopes will be likeŠ Dead Sea fruits which tempt the ege, But turn to ashes on the lips." That a recognition of Christianity by our Gov-'rnment will be of no particular use to Protestants this same writer confesses by saying that the indignities suffered by American Protestant missionaries in Turkey would not have been allowed by Jackson or Grant. But neither of these Presidents said so much for national Christian-ity as Mr. Cleveland has done. Thus national Christian-ity, in its practical results, means national advantages for Catholicism, but not for Protestants. Thus. Prot- 