154 AJVIIH:".ELICAN SimviraNme_A. VOL. 8, No. 20. interviewed by a reporter for the Chicago Evening Journal, six, for various and widely differing reasons, expressed them-selves as favoring Sunday opening. But those who advocated Sunday closing did so with such an abandon of virulence and so open an appeal to force as to show clearly the growing intensity of feeling on this subject. Dr. Bolton, of the Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church, was asked:Š Granting that the Christian Church, as a whole, declares for such an observance of Sunday as might be considered oppressive by a very large element, would you still enforce your views upon them ? To this the reply was made:Š We propose to stand by the Sabbath. Congress, representing all the people of the United States, has settled that matter. The possible inquisitorial terrors of all the centuries of religious persecution are bound up in that reply. The question of equity, right, and justice does not seem to have entered into the mind from which that answer came. The only thought seems to be,ŠHave we the power to en-force our views ? We have. Then they shall be enforced, irrespective of how large an element may be oppressed by them! Dr. Herrick Johnson expresses similar thoughts and cites the religious prece-dents in the military and civil life of the Nation, and points to the fact that the dictum of the Supreme Court has estab-lished the claim of this as a " Christian Nation." Rev. F, A. Noble, of the Union Park Congregational Church, was asked :Š If Sunday observance, as you advocate it, is con-sidered oppressive by a majority of all the people would you still enforce it ? The unhesitating answer to this was :Š Exactly as I would enforce the law in any other respect. By which he seems to mean to say that he would enforce law at all hazards, however oppressive it might be to even the majority. Dr. Fawcett says in reference to the plea of the workingmen that they can not afford to take a week day off,Š" I have no sympathy with their talk," and coun-sels that they add an hour or an hour and a half to their working time five days in the week, and take Saturday to see the Fair. These things all mark the intensity of feeling which is growing on this subject, and emphasize the dangerous possibilities which are lying in wait. The question of all the ages since sin came into the world is before the people,Šit will not down. Fealty to God or obedience to man, which ? Loyalty to God is not on the side of either of the contesting parties who struggle for the mastery, but in al-legiance to the abstract principle of equal justice to all men without exception or reservation. W. H. M. ALL human laws for the enforcement of religion have a common origin, their development has been consistent from the beginning; all their different manifesta-tions show this to be so, and none the less at this time than then. The evil principle involved in. a legal religion and its en-forcement is about to reach its high-water mark and be carried to its furthest ex-treme, in this country. That under it all the tortures of the Inquisition of the past are not to be practiced, will not be the fault of the inquisitors of the nineteenth century, but by the mercy of God. Why Adventists Work on Sunday. THE Sunday cases in Maryland have again revived the question of how Advent-ists regard the fourth commandment of the Decalogue; not that it is a proper legal question, for it is not, but because in Maryland, as in Tennessee, courts of justice have so far forgotten their proper functions as to assume to declare that the religious faith of the Adventists does not require them to work on Sunday. The fact is that the Adventists do re-gard it as a sacred duty to habitually devote Sunday to secular purposes; and this because they understand that the fourth commandment establishes a differ-ence between the Sabbath and the six other days of the week, and requires men to respect that difference. To ignore this distinction between the Sabbath and the other days of the week, is simply to defeat the object of the divine law, and to set up a counterfeit of the memorial which God has ordained to keep in remembrance the fact that he is the Creator of the heavens and the earth. The view of the Adventists is that physical rest for man is not the primary object of the Sabbath; for it " was made for man " before the fall, as our Lord himself declares, and consequently before man stood in need of rest from wearing toil. Clearly its object was to keep in lively exercise man's loyalty to God as the Creator, just as our peculiarly national holidaysŠthe Fourth of July and Wash-ington's BirthdayŠare designed to fan the flame of patriotism in the American breast. Viewed from this standpoint, it is plain that the fourth commandment not only enjoins the keeping of the true Sabbath, but it likewise forbids rivals and counterfeits. Every law must show in some way the authority by which it was enacted, and this the Decalogue does only in the fourth commandment. In that precept it is de-clared that the Giver of the law is he who created the heavens and the earth in six days and rested on the seventh. It is this fact that gives the Sabbath its memorial character. The Sabbath commandment is in fact the seal of the divine law, be-cause it is the precept that designates the Giver of the law, and states the ground of his authority to require obedience. In like manner the Sunday institution is the seal or mark of a rival power. It is set forth by the Papacy, the "'man of sin " of 2 Thess. 2: 3Šas the badge of his authority to command men under sin. In a Catholic catechism, called the "Abridg-ment of Christian Doctrine," the Catholic Church asserts its pbwer to change the divine law, in the following manner :Š Ques. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days?  Ans. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of ; and therefore they fondly contradict themselves by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. Q. How prove you that ? A. Because by keeping Sunday they acknowl-edge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin; and by not keeping the rest by her commanded, they again deny, in fact, the same power. Another Catholic work called, " Doc-trinal Catechism," offers the following as proof that Protestants are not guided by the Scriptures :Š Ques. Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of pre-cept? Ans. Had she not such power, she could not have done that in which all modern religionists  agree with her ;Šshe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority. Q. When Protestants do profane work upon Saturday, or the seventh day of the week, do they follow the Scripture as their only rule of faithŠdo they find this permission clearly laid down in the sacred volume ? A. On the contrary, they have only the au-thority of tradition for this practice. In pro-faning Saturday, they violate one of God's com-mandments, which he has never clearly abrogated. Š" Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day." Believing the Papacy to be antichrist, and holding the Sunday Sabbath to be the badge of its power, it is evident that with Adventists the observance of Sun-day would be equivalent to rendering homage to antichrist; hence their steady refusal to obey Sunday laws, and their willingness to suffer imprisonment, the chain-gang, or even death itself rather than to so much as appear to regard Sun-day as other than a common working-day. It is not as many seem to regard it, simply a matter of the choice of days, but is with the Adventists a vital ques-tion directly affecting their salvation. Some months since the Advent Review and Sabbath Herald, the denominational organ of the Adventists, had an editorial article upon this subject which we re-printed at the time, but from which we now make the following extracts :Š Every person has a right to work six days in every week, for the language of the command-ment is, " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." These words . . . confer upon man-kind a God-given right, . . . beside which all opposing human authority becomes an absolute nullity. But the language of the commandment imparts something more than a mere permission to labor upon six days of the week. It imparts something in the nature of an obligation. . . . Six days of the week are left to be devoted to man and his temporal interests, but the seventh day is the Lord'sŠthe day upon which he rested, and which he blessed and sanctified. This day must there-fore be kept distinct and separate from all other days, and of course the means for doing this must not be likewise employed in behalf of other days, or the distinction would be lost. . . . The ob-servance of the commandment by rest upon the seventh day would be nullified by the like rest upon the other day. It is absolutely essential, therefore, that the six working days should be kept distinct in character from that day which God has set apart for himself. But the impropriety of resting upon both the seventh and first days of the week does not stop here; for the first day is a rival Sabbath. Pecul-iarly offensive to God, therefore, must any act be which is an acknowledgment of the claims of this false Sabbath to the sanctity and reference due his own day. In what other way could such observ-ance of the first day, by one who knew its claims to be false, be taken, but as an insult to the Cre-ator ? In what other way could the Creator him-self regard it ? The person who refrains from labor upon the first day of the week, thereby acknowledges either the claims of the day, or the authority of the power which seeks to enforce such rest. He may not " keep" the day as the Sabbath day should be kept, according to the spirit of the Sabbath com-mandmentŠhis observance of it may be one of form only; but this in the eyes of others at least, is an observance of the day, for only each individ-ual can examine the thoughts and intents of his own heart. The eyes of the world around us can not, or at least do not, penetrate beyond the letter of our Sabbath observanceŠthe outward refrain-ing from labor; this is all, therefore, that can be asked of any one in enforcing Sunday observance. This also is all that the authors of the first day Sabbath ever asked as that which should constitute its observance. Sunday was never blessed, sancti-fied, and made holy ; as a rival to the true Sab-bath, it is sufficient that the religious world should be induced to rest and attend religious worship upon that day instead of on the seventh day. The edicts which gave rise to Sunday observance never commanded anything more; nor is anything more exacted by, the apostate church which has ever been the especial guardian of the day. Every in-telligent person knows that the Roman Catholic 