314 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. large so long as he is quiet; but as soon as his mania takes an aggressive form, he is shut up. Dr. Edwards regards the keeping of the seventh day as evidence of an unsound mind. So long as the individual should say nothing about it, he might perhaps be considered a harmless lunatic ; but whenever the observer of the seventh day should begin to promulgate his faith, and openly teach others that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and persuade them to accept it, he would be rav-ing, and, therefore, would be shut up and treated as a conspirator. In the Christian Statesman of July 7, 1887, it is positively denied that atheists, among whom it will be remembered Christians who keep the sev- enth day are classed, have "any reasonable claim to conscientious convictions and privileges at all." Thus it is plainly seen that the success of this National Sunday-law movement means the de-priving of a large number of the citizens of the United States of the rights of conscience. Let it be understood that whatever right any man has is bestowed upon him by God himself. Human rights are not bestowed by civil govern-ment. All that civil governments are instituted for is to protect men in the enjoyment of rights which God has given them. The Declaration of Independence, which has justly been called the charter of American liberties, declares that all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. This means that every individual is equal, with respect to the rights with which God has endowed him. Now, while we have heard Na-tional Reformers and the president of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union rail against the Constitution, we have never yet heard an American, or any other person, for that matter, find fault with the Declaration of Independence. That document voiced a truth as sure as any statement of holy writ : God has given to every man the same right; if ninety-nine per cent. of the people in any country have a certain right, the other one per cent. have the same right. But the American Sabbath Union is organized for the express purpose of protecting one class in the enjoyment of certain rights, and the depriving of another class of the same rights. In other words, it is organized for the express purpose of overthrowing the work done by the founders of this government. It is distinctively un-American. Nothing is surer than that its work is the exact opposite of the work of the immortal framers of the Declaration of Independence; and therefore since their work was to secure to this land perfect liberty, its work has for its sole object the overthrow of American liberty. It seems as though this demonstration must be clear to every individual. It will be said that those who are thus dis-criminated against and deprived of equal rights with others are only a few. Thus Dr. Edwards, in the same speech from which we have quoted, sa id:Š " The parties whose conscience we are thus charged with troubling, taken altogether, are but few in num-ber. This determines nothing as to who is right, but the fact remains, and is worthy of note, that, taken altogether, they amount to but a small fraction of our citizenship. They are not even as many as those among us who do not speak the English language." Mr. Crafts, in his speech before the Senate Committee, spoke of " the one or two small sects of Christians who worship on Saturday." And after speaking of the difficulties that arise in ex-empting them from the penalties of the Sunday  law, contemptuously dismisses them in the follow-ing words:Š " Infinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the in-significantly small minority of less than one in a hun-dred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a private character such as the law allows them to do on Sun-day), suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the other ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of the Sabbath by public business." Many times have we heard Sunday-law lectur-ers pass the consideration of the fact that their law would cause seventh-day observers to suffer, with the statement that such people constitute only about seven-tenths of one per cent. of the popula-tion, and that therefore they were too insignifi-cant to be noticed. Perhaps they may think so ; but such expressions show that they do not under-stand what they are doing. It isŁ not a question of whether a few people who observe Saturday will be injured or not, but whether the govern-ment can afford to adopt the principle that minor-ities have no rights. If that principle is adopted, it will not be limited in its application to observ-ers of the seventh day. It may seem very fine for the majority on any question of opinion to de-cide that those who differ with them have no rights; but they should remember that majorities sometimes change. This question of Sunday law will determine whether a man's life or property is safe in this country. If the government lends itself to a scheme which will be unjust to a single individual, then nobody has any assurance that injustice will not be done him. If the rights of a few people may be trampled upon because they keep the seventh day, the rights of some other people may be trampled upon because they differ with the majority on some other question. If in this country the principle of trampling upon human rights is once adopted, nobody can tell where it will stop. We are not alarmists, but we have no hesitation in saying that if the govern-ment follows the course marked out for it by the American Sabbath Union, the scenes of the French Revolution will be re-enacted in this country. It cannot be otherwise. E. J. W. A Ł 1. What Makes Infidels. WE fully believe the statement of the apostle, that the "carnal [or natural] mind is enmity against God," but it is nevertheless true that very many who might otherwise be converted, are led to the utter rejection of the gospel by the crimes against justice which are perpetrated in the name of Christianity. Infidelity fattens upon just such injustice and devilish wickedness as that related as follows in Fair Play, Valley Falls, Kansas, of a case of persecution under the Georgia Sunday law:Š " The father is in the chain-gang. He had the au-dacity to insult Rev. Illiterate by digging a ditch to carry off the foul water from his cellar instead of at-tending church on Sunday. On Monday he was arrested on complaint of the offended Sunday monop-olizer, tried before a superstition-saturated magistrate, and sentenced to a year's companionship with thieves and assaulters. There is no mercy for him. He is poor and so can get no justice or favor. In vain his wife intercedes for him, in vain his children cling to papa's knees as he is driven away in disgrace. Chris-tianity is the State religion. "The poor mother must now toil alone to support her little ones. She can do no extra work, nor can she pay others to do it. The slime in the cellar breeds foul miasma. Sickness comes as the sequel of the violation of natural law. The 'little golden-haired Jessie is laid low with fever. There is no money to  get the doctor, and the distracted, overworked mother can do but little. The days drag on; the malaria-tainted blood courses in fluctuating currents through the burning body of the little sufferer; she cries pit-eously for papa,' `papa,' and st,vcches her tiny hands pleadingly forth, but, woe the crimes of Chris-tian men, he comes not, he hears not his darling's plaintive call. He sweats and groans under the lash of the heartless task-master beneath the August sun. He has wronged no man nor woman nor child, and yet his limbs wear the manacles of the felon-slave, and his baby daughter's lisping lips must close in death without the chrism of the father's kiss; the once sparkling eyes must fade into oblivion unblessed by the sight of papa's' worshiped face. - "A fresh little grave on the hill-side, above which the crow caws ominously. A heart-broken mother who sits among her other and half-famished children in the cheerless home. An iron-weighted father who starts fitfully and murmurs brokenly in his convict's sleep upon the wet, cold ground. "A sleek dragoon of the church who sits in his comfortable room and . . . rubs his hands in gleeful satisfaction as his imagination pictures John Clark chained in the convict camp, and he thinks how closely he and his parishioners are following in the footsteps of the chosen people.' "Here in his Northern home Rev. M. A. Gault reads of this Southern murder for the church's sake, and grimly smiles as he confidentially whispers in the ear of Wilbur F. Crafts:Š "'.Just wait until we get the Blair bill through and many a profaner of the Sabbath on these prairies and in these valleys shall, as does John Clark, of Georgia, feel the chastening hand of the Lord's anointed. WE ARE THE LORD'S ANOINTED." And who can wonder that infidels multiply, or blame men for being infidels, when such outrages are perpetrated in the name of Christianity ? The Merits of the Edmunds Resolution. LAST week we gave the history of the Ed-munds Resolution to amend the Constitution of the United States in regard to religion, in the public schools. We had not space then to dis-cuss it, and propose to do that now, and for the convenience of the reader we print again the res-olution :Š ARTICLE XVI. "No State shall make any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; and no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under any State. No public property, and no public revenue of, nor any loan of credit by or under the authority of, the United States, or any State, Territory, district, or municipal corporation, shall be appropriated to, or made or used for the support of, any school, educa-tional or other institution under the control of any re-ligious or anti-religious sect, organization, or denom-ination, or wherein the particular creed or tenets of any religious or anti-religious sect, organization, or denomination shall be taught. And no such partic-ular creed or tenets shall be read or taught in any school or institution supported in whole or in part by such revenue or loan of credit; and no such appro-priation or loan of credit shall be made to any relig-ious or anti-religious sect, organization, or denomina-tion, or to promote its interests or tenets. This article shall not be construed to prohibit the reading of the Bible in any school or institution ; and it shall not have the effect to impair rights of property al-ready vested. " Sxc. 2.ŠCongress shall have power, by appro-priate legislation, to provide for the prevention or punishment of violations of this article." As we said of this resolution before, it is an ex-cellent illustration of how not to say it. If it be intended to prohibit religious instruction in the publ c schools, it misses it. If it be intended to prohibit sectarian instruction in the public schools, it misses that. Because- 1. The second clause only prohibits the appropri-ation of public money for the support of schools which are under the control of any religious or 