564 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898. THE "Items of W. C. T. U. His-tory" are resumed in this issue, after a brief interval of omission due to a pressure of other work upon the author. A CABLE dispatch from Manila re-ports that the religious orders there are selling their property to a syndi-cate in Hong Kong. Good! Let no word or deed on the part of the new possesiors encourage them to dis-continue their preparations to go out of business. THERE is much talk over the pros-pective successor of Leo XIII., and among the names that are mentioned is that of Archbishop Ireland, of this country. American friends and ad-herents of the Catholic Church are pointing out that it is time a pope should be chosen from the Western world, and that the transfer of mill-ions of Spanish Catholics to the con-trol of the American Government makes the present time especially fitting. Whether such an argument will weigh with the college of cardi-nals or not remains to be seen. Judg-ing from what the Catholic mind has been on the subject for centuries past, it would seem that only an Italian is endowed with the mental and spirit-ual powers necessary to properly qualify one to be the "vicar of Christ." THE Dreyfus case has again forced its way to the surface of French af-fairs. The head of the army intelli-gence bureau has confessed to the forgery of a letter which was of great weight in securing the conviction of Captain Dreyfus, and while under arrest committed suicide, some say by the orders or at least with the connivance of other high officials. The French people are said to be in a terrible state of excitement over this revelation of dishonor in the highest circles of the army. The army was the last place where they believed dishonor could exist, and now that it has been found there, and amongst the highest officials, a feeling of dismay is mingled with their surprise and indignation. It seems to be one result of mili-tarism that the army comes to be in the eyes of the people the one high repository of personal honor. What an individual says "on his honor as a soldier" is considered as safe-guarded by every possible guarantee of truthfulness. It is the end of all controversy, the limit of all appeal to personal integrity. But what should there be about the business of learning to kill people that is calculated to develop high personal qualities? To us, there ap-pears nothing very strange in this forgery by a high army official di-rected against a fellow-officer. It is not strange from the standpoint of Christianity. For the same law which says, "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor," says also, " Thou shalt not kill; " and he who does the one need not defiart out of the pathway he is in to do the other. It is the same pathway of disobedience to the moral law. The incident strips away the dis-guise from the false idea of honor which men have set up apart from the precepts of God. The only honor that can be depended on is that that aims always at fulfilling the law of righteousness. THE political world in both hemis-pheres has been profoundly stirred by the surprising manifesto from the czar advocating national disarma-ment with a view to establishing conditions of universal peace. The true significance of this remarkable proposition is a question upon which political authorities are divided. Come believe the czar has spoken in sincerity, and others see in it only a political stroke to help along Russian schemes in Asia. We think the czar spoke from a sincere desire for peace; but is peace by national disarma-ment practicable? Many who have commented on the czar's proposal  deny that it is, and there is no lack of argument to support their view. Disarmament does not get to the bottom of the difficulty. No nation keeps an armament for the mere sake of having soldiers and a fleet. The nations are covetuous; they want all the territory they can get, and will take each other's territory if they can. That is the real trouble. The real question is, whether Russia is willing to stop extending her em-pire in China, France willing to give up Alsace-Lorraine, and England, France, Germany, and other powers willing to stop their encroachments in Asia and Africa. Are they willing to practice the Golden Rule toward each other? If not, then the condi-tions will remain by which the arma-ments of the powers were created, and effective disarmament will re-main an impracticable project. Real and lasting peace in this world comes only from a change of heart. "There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked." But one point of significance must not be overlooked. From such a document strong support will be drawn for the idea which many ad-vocate, that we are nearing a millen-nium of peace. It goes far to suggest the cry of " peace and safety." But "when they shall say, Peace and safety, then sudden destruction corn-eth upon them." We are witnessing the thrilling events of the last daysŁ IT is reported, says the Kansas City Star, that Archbishop Crespo of Santiago and the other Catholic clergy of the city, presented their bills for salary to the American military governor, and that he has forwarded them to Washington to get the opin-ion of the Government as regards the advisability of their payment. That is carrying an absurd matter a Ł long way. An American military governor ought to be sufficiently ac-quainted with fundamental American principles, and sufficiently in har-mony with them, to have dealt with the question effectually at first sight. The Star appropriately remarks that the decision to be given at Washing-ton "involves the character of the government established at Santiago, whether it is an American govern-ment, or whether we are continuing to the best of our ability the old Spanish government." 