780 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Catholic Church and Revolution. ANOTHER revolution is threatened in the republic of South America, this time in Ecuador. A dispatch which comes from that country to this by way of New Orleans December 2, gives this statement of the situation:Š "Private advices received here from Quito, capital of Ecuador, tell of a political disturbance in Ecuador. For some weeks trouble has been brewing between the church and state and recently the situation has become so acute that it is now dangerous for foreigners to ven-ture out of the large towns. The trouble seems to have had its origin in the opposition of the priests to the work of progress which President Alfraro has inaugu-rated. "Revolution now seems inevitable. Arrests of well-known men are of daily occurrence, and reports from various parts of the country indicate that the party opposed to the government has made extensive prepar-ations for war. Heretofore the revolutions of Ecuador have had their rise among the dissatisfied politicians and professional revolutionists, but the present crisis is of an entirely different nature. With the church ar-rayed against the government the situation has become really alarming, and a number of foreigners have left Quito, the capital. "A strong prejudice exists against foreigners among the poorer classes, and the residences of the foreigners in Quito have the flags of their country floating above them as a protection. An attempt was made by a reli-gious fanatic to poison the American in charge of the railroad from Guayaquil to Quito." This is an illustration of what we have several times stated regarding the unsettled conditions in Central and South America,Šthat is, that the Catholic Church party in these republics would foment revolution against any government not subservient to the church, when its overthrow is considered possible by such means; and that to this cause was largely due the un-stable condition of government in those countries. The Catholic Church is in politics there, with a vengeance. Christian Profession and "Unqualified Credence." THE following is part of a resolution lately passed by the synod of a leading Presbyterian church in this city, with reference to charges of immoral conduct made against a member of the church, who after having been once convicted had appealed for a re-trial:Š "Whereas, the witnesses named in this specification to support the chargesŠexcept some who were called at the former trial to prove formal matters not touching the charge of gamblingŠare professional detectives and not members of the churchŠexcept possibly oneŠand some of them are not even adherents to any form of Christian faith, and therefore are not such that unquali-fied credence should be given them;" etc. We wish it were true that church membership or adherence to some form of Christian faith constituted a  certificate of character entitling the individual to "unqualified credence;" but the truth is that such is very far from being the case, and that professional de-tectives and persons who are not adherents of any form of Christian faith are as much entitled to credence as are other people. Profession or religious standing do not weigh in such a matter at all. If the courts of law were to adopt the view put forth by this Presbyterian synod, the whole fabric of American Republican Govern-ment would be speedily overturned. Contending for the Law. SUNDAY, December 3, Dr. E. W. Blodgett of Detroit, gave an address in Pontiac, Mich., on "The Young American in Politics." He felt that his subject was appropriate for:Sunday afternoon. He said that "This is a Christian nation;" then followed with the statement that our greatest need is a revival in politics. He was willing parties should differ on State questions, but "they must not differ on God's law." He exhorted the people to go from that house to stand for the enforce-ment of every law on the statute books. Now every right and true position is selfŁconsistent. If the "nation is Christian "Šlike ChristŠit needs no revival. And when churchmen differ upon the law of God, how can political parties be expected to agree upon it? And how could those people go from that house to stand for the enforcement of all statutes when some of them are in directopposition to "God's law ? " None present would question Dr. Blodgett's sincerity, or his willingness to even fight for his convictions; but he seemed to the writer to stand in the same position as Peter when he drew the sword to defend his Master. Dr. Blodgett sees the evil that has come from breaking the divine law; and yet is only helping on that evil by using carnal weapons to overthrow it. We must not fight fire with powder. He would not allow politicians to differ on God's law, and yet he himself would differ from its divine Giver on one of its vital commands. Not only this, but he would enforce his own idea of that command by human enactment. One statute of "God's law" enjoins the holy observ-ance of "the seventh day." That this command is openly violated is plain. Its non-observance is justified by churchmen. A human enactment is placed in its stead. And yet the doctor laments the non-enforcement of the least law upon human statute books! Is God less orderly than men? Is his law less sacred? Is he less particular than men? If we feel sad when our poor laws are broken, how does he feel when his good law is trampled upon? When men who claim to teach the things of God do not fully obey him themselves, and seek to lead and compel others to follow their example, they only 