78 Tim AMERICA_N NTINVE. Monts. The clumsy hands of the State are incapable of administering those Di-vine laws which deal with the conscience and the soul. If it meddles with these it will either perilously relax them least they prove. too severe, or, in attempting to enforce them, it will excite against them a dangerous revolt. All along the stream of living water which, issuing from beneath the cross of Christ, follows us through the world's wilderness, grow the fresher leaf and riper fruit of Christian life; but, if touched by the freezing breath of force it hardens into a cold, lifeless, and yet fragile mass, which chills and withers even unto death all that it once cherished and sustained. THE DUTY OF THE CHURCH IN THE STATE. When, however, we have thus defined the spheres of Church and .StateŠwhen we have seen that these lie in different planes and are acted on by different forces and to different endsŠwe have not thereby diminished, we have, on the contrary, en-hanced the obligations of the Church. Precisely because Christian virtues do not lie within the province of the State to enforce, all the more is it the duty of the Church to enforce them by every means within her power. What she may not ask the State to do for her, all the more earnestly should she for that very reason strive to do for herself. If she had always done this fully, fearlessly, faithfully, self-denyingly, as she should have done; if all professing Christians had lived up, or even tried to live up to the teachings of Christ, we should have heard less than we now hear of these wild theories of State socialism, which, in their very wildness, often show us how hot and bitter the hearts of men may grow at the sight of suffering which Christianity might largely have relieved, and of sins and shame and sorrows which it might largely have dimin-ished. This assuredly is true, and this, as it seems to me, is the one great lesson which the Church in our day has to learnŠwhich she is, I believe, learning more and moreŠfrom this demand for the new socialism, whether it comes from those who love or from those who hate her and her Master. And now I have said my say, very probably once more to my own hurt and to the great satisfaction of sundry critics, who I have no doubt will find in what I have said plenty to criticise. The subject of social and political ethics is a thorny one, in which many greater and better men than myself have entangled and thereby severely lacerated themselves ere now, and I am quite ready to accept this as my fate likewise. All that I really care for is to vindicate myself as one who, however unworthily, holds the office of a ruler and a teacher in the Christian Church, from the charges of " immor-ality " and " horrible " atheism which have so freely been brought against me in this matter. If, after this explanation, it should give any pleasure to my accusers, reverend and non-reverend, to repeat these accusations, they are perfectly welcome to do so. I venture to anticipate that if they are only commonly honest and do not once more willfully misquote and distort my words, the verdict of those at least who may have read this article will be one-of accinittal.ŠW. C. Peterborough. 1NT.PA!rIC311‚..1%.7.4 RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus. Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and shogld, be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his oWn con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. Object of the Association. Tins Association exists for the purpose of advocating the principles of genuine religious liberty as declared in the words of Jesus Christ ; and of maintaining the total separation of religion and the State according to the provisions of our National Constitution as it now stands. It is an association of Christians who maintain that Christianity, to remain pure and powerful, must never be connected as such in any way with the State; and that the State, properly to fulfill its functions, must never have anything whatever to do with religion as such, or with religious observances. United with government, religion never rises above the merest superstition united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism ; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated, the better it is for both.ŠSupreme Court of Ohio. Secular power has proved a Satanic gift to the Church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the State.ŠPhilip Schaff. Accordingly we set forth the above dec-laration of principles. Membership is confined to Christians, not because we think none others are en-titled to religious libertyŠfor, as our prin-ciples declare, all men are absolutely free and equal in this,Šbut solely because we desire as Christians to work for these principles, and we cannot therefore be joined with those who have no respect for Christ, whom we supremely love and honor. Membership is confined to temperance people, because temperance is a Christian principle, and as Christians, therefore, we cannot be joined with those who practice intemperance, or engage in the liquor traffic. Membership is confined to those who believe in civil government and in submit-ting to its authority, because this is ac-cording to the words of Jesus Christ. Civil government is an ordinance of God, and is supreme in civil things; for God has made it so in commanding Christians as well as all others to be subject to it. Its authority, however, is over the civil rela-tions of men; and does not at all extend to religious things. (Matt. 21 : 15-21 ; Rom. 13 : 1-10.) As Christians, therefore,  we cannot be joined with those who de-spise government and reject civil authority. This Association maintains that it is the natural and inalienable right of every man IC worship, or not to worship, accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience. and that he is responsible to God alone for the exercise of that right. With George Washington we hold that "'every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his re-ligious faith." Any interference with this right, on the part of any person or power, is as unwarranted as it is unjust. The aim of this Association is strictly in harmony with the intent of the Govern-ment of the United States under its Con-stitution. It was plainly declared by the framers of this Government that " no re-ligious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States ;" that " Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise Ł thereof ; " and that " the Govern-ment of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." It is therefore not only as Christians but as, loyal American citizens that this Association proposes to dissemi-nate its principles. There are already in existence three powerful organizations, two of which ex-ist for the sole purpose of securing national religious legislation, and the third of which stands distinctly pledged to it. These three are the National Reform As-sociation, the American Sabbath Union, and the National Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union. The sole purposeŠthe reason of exist-enceŠof the National Reform Association is to secure such an amendment to the United States Constitution as will make this what they choose to call a Christian nation, and by which Christian principles may be enforced by law. The sole purpose of the American Sab- bath Union is to secure the enactment of laws both State and national, to strictly enforce upon all the observance of the first day of the week as a day of rest and religious worship. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union stands in complete alliance with both of the above organizations, with all its methods and its influence to help secure the religious legislation which they both demand Measures looking to the accomplishment of both these Objects were introduced in the Fiftieth Congress, and have been in-troduced, and are now pending, in the Fifty-first Congress; and the intent is to carry both to a successful issue, if pos-sible, before this Congress shall close. To oppose such measures by every fair, honorable, and lawful means, and to edu-cate the public mind on the true relations of Church and State, are the leading ob-jects of the National Religious Liberty Association; and it cordially invites all lovers of Christianity and the American Constitution to unite with it in the work to which the Association is devoted, 