Vt7:1'‚%,IVOAM. ‚.44ft3VMS,M, Equal and Exact Justice to all Men; of Whatever state or ePersuagion, Feligious or ®Political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 6, 1892. NUMBER 39. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Mee as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MoKEE. THAT challenge of Senator Hawley's on the question of religion and the Govern-ment, referred to in these columns last week, is worth considering for itself alone. Here is the challenge:Š Now if gentlemen . . . deny that this is in the true sense of the word a religious Nation, I should like to see the disclaimer put in white and black and proposed by the Congress of the United States. Write it. How would you write it ? . . Word it if you dare; advocate it if you dare. -0-- How would we write it ? We would write it as President Washington wrote it in the supreme law of the landŠ" The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." ŠOŠ WE would write it as our fathers wrote it in the ConstitutiOn of the United States Š" No religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States ;" and, " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." Š0Š WE would write it as James Madison spoke itŠ" There is not a shadow of right in the general Government to inter-meddle with religion. Its least inter-ference with it would be a most flagrant usurpation." ŠOŠ WE would write it as Thomas Jeffer-son wrote itŠ" The impious presump-tion of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who have assumed do-minion over the faith of others, setting  up their own modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such en-deavoring to impose them on others, hath established and maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world and through all time. The prescribing any citizen as unworthy the public confidence by laying upon him an incapacity of being called to the offices of trust and emolument, unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages to which, in common with his fellow-citizens, he has a natural right; and tends also to corrupt the principles of that very religion it is meant to encourage, by bribing, with a monopoly of worldly honors and emoluments, those who will externally profess and conform to it." Š0Š WE would write it as both Madison and Jefferson wrote it, when, in the State of Virginia, another combination of reli-gious bigots demanded legislation in fa-vor of what they called " the Christian religion." And this is how they wrote it Š" We remonstrate against the said bill: Because we hold it for a fundamental and undeniable truth, that religion or the duty which we owe to our Creator and the manner of discharging it, can be di-rected only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence. The religion, then, of every man must be left to the convic-tion and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. It is un-alienable, because the opinions of men, depending only on the evidence contem-plated in their own minds, can not follow the dictates of other men. " Because the bill implies either that the civil magistrate is a competent judge of religious truths, or that he may employ religion as an engine of civil policy. The first is an arrogant pretension; the sec-ond, an unhallowed perversion of the means of salvation. " Because during almost fifteen cen-turies has the legal establishment of  Christianity been on trial. eWhat have been its fruits ? More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity ; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecu-tion. " Because the establishment in ques-tion is not necessary for the support of civil government. What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on civil society ? In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of civil authority; in many instances they have been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance have they been seen the guardians of the liberties of the people. Rulers who wished to subvert the public liberty may have found in established clergy, convenient auxiliaries. A just government, instituted to secure and per-petuate it, needs them not. "Because the proposed establishment is a departure from the generous policy which offered an asylum to the persecuted and oppressed of every nation and reli-gion. What a melancholy mark is this bill of sudden degeneracy ! Instead of holding forth an asylum to the persecuted, it is itself a signal of persecution. It de-grades from the equal rank of citizens all those whose opinions in religion do not bend to those of the legislative authority. Distant as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it. only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last in the career of in-tolerance. " Because, finally, either we must say that the will of the Legislature is the only measure of their authority, and that in the plenitude of that authority they may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or that they are bound to leave this par-ticular right untouched and sacred. Either we must say that they may control the freedom of the press, may abolish the trial by jury, may swallow up the execu-tive and judiciary powers of the State Šnay, that they may despoil us of our very right of suffrage, and erect them- 