300 AMERICAN SENTINEL. very much the same as they used to be in France, in our own country." "0 professor!" exclaimed Milly Brown. "You don't think it will ever be like that in this country, do you?" "I very much fear that the labor question is destined to make us much trouble, Milly, and that in the near future. But the time is coming soon when the rich men who have extorted money from the poor, whose hire they have kept back by fraud, will weep and howl for the mis-eries which shall come upon them." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. "He Doeth Great Wonders." "WELL, Charlie, you may review our last talk briefly, and then we will go on," said Mrs. Ross. "In our last talk we studied about the beast with two horns like a lamb, but who spake as a dragon; located the symbol as applying to the United States, which has practiced the two lamb-like principles of civil and reli-gious liberty, and which now is on the way to contradict-ing her former policy by the enforcement of religious laws by which it will speak as a dragon, and prove itself the exponent of this prophecy." "What is the next specification?" "And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him." "What was the first beast before him?" "The papal power." "How much power did the papal beast exercise?" "Why, the power to compel conscience and to cause the death of those who stood for their God-given rights. But, mama, do you think the United States will ever go to such lengths as that?" "Charlie, the enforcement of any law that conflicts with men's God-given rights has for its final penalty the death penalty. No man can surrender his God-given rights, without dishonoring God, and losing his soul, and the loyal one prefers death to that. He will contend for his God-given privileges." "Do you mean that he will fight for them?" "No, indeed. Jesus did not fight for his rights. He committed himself to Him who judgeth righteously. `Vengeance is mine, I will repay, saith the Lord.' I read lately of a young Christian Hungarian who was drafted into military service; but no amount of persuasion or threatening could induce him to surrender his right to keep the commandment, 'Thou shalt not kill.' But he submitted meekly to five years of penal servitude. He suffered as a Christian, but did not surrender his rights." "What was the two-horned beast to do?" "He causeth the earth and them that dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed." "The first beast we have located definitely to be the papal system that finds its flower and fruit in a church-and-state union. Then, to cause the earth and them that  dwell therein to worship the beast, would be to cause them to yield obedience to the church and state princi-ple. Obedience is the highest form of worship. Samuel said to Saul, `To obey is better than sacrifice, and toa hearken than the fat of rams.' It says, 'he causeth the earth to worship.' We have already proved in former talks that Sunday as a day of worship has been given to the world through the command and influence of the pa-pacy. When Sunday laws are enforced to such a degree that land is untilled, unsown and unreaped because of this enforcement, the earth itself will be rendering obedi-ence to the papal mandate." "What is the next specification?" " 'And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of then.' There, mama, at last we have come to the point I asked you about when we studied about Elijah commanding the fire from heaven to consume the sacrifice." "You may recall the story, Charlie. For what did Elijah call down fire from heaven?" "To prove that Baal was not God, but that God was God, and to enable the confused people to choose to keep God's commandments." "For what purpose does the two-horned beast call down fire from heaven? Will you read the next verse?" " 'And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do?' 0. mama, what a dreadful thing! Why, the people will surely think that such a sign as this is from God." "Certainly they will; but it will be because they will not believe God's word. Do you think, Charlie, that when this is fulfilled that those who have read and be-lieved this prophecy will be deceived?" "No, mama, they will know for what purpose the fire is called down, and who is the agent that commands it. "The time is coming, my boy, when weshall not be able to safely trust our senses. The Word of God must be the Rock on which our feet are planted. The hosts of evil are busy these days in leading men to close up their Bibles, to ignore history, and to seek into forbidden mys-teries. Men are consulting clairvoyants, mediums and wizzards, holding communion with fallen spirits, and put-ting themselves at the mercy of demons. The devil and his agents work through the senses, and are only too willing to gratify the people's desire for some manifesta-tion from the unseen by making them believe that they may hold communion with the departed dead. This puts. men where the malignant spirits can control and deceive them. There is no need of any being deceived; for the Word of God is unimpeachable, and will be found to be so. Hut the carnal craving for something by which to gratify the senses leads them to welcome the spirits of devils, who are represented as going forth unto the kings of the whole world to gather them together for the battle of the great day of the Lord. "The Word of God brings out the fact that as sharp a line of distinction is to be drawn in this day as was ,, 