,R4 /*=1. eh-we Ł44'= a‚-e eZr h/z Coer.g.et4..s..0 "TME,,SABSATM WAS MADE FOR MAN" She Sabbath Association ....Of Excetrrive Comm irrte, (4), elnIIIGNOR .0.1.Aas Men,. REV. c. Ł Elvin. Ilk 111011.0. ;6-144- 4-447-f-ei,_ ay. iv. 14a-eee- ez, ‚4--e-tpŁs/z4/A, owee, /.14.10-4 Ł AhLe e.fee&o, I next received from Mr. Crafts the following by -postal card:.Š r~~ 0 AlrA idaaa4--V- (4) X-S1/2LMV-W %s Ad-e64-4-r a ),e4 /4--e4e 144. rLA. 04 eb acre- 41- N. Y. 4-22-'89. Illinois Sabbath Association do not consent to debate, and so there will, of course, be no debate at Chicago on dates named, and it is too late to arrange for any other place at present. A new call for addresses has made it necessary for me to use those dates in the line of my original plan of tour, and so the whole matter will have to rest ibr the present as I leave home to-morrow and shall in few days leave on a winding way for the west. W. F. CRAFTS. THE Al\AIC.A.N SENTINEL. 251 be a better place than Chicago. He replied in the following letter (we have not space for fac simqes):Š FIELD SECRETARY'S OFFICE 74 E. 90th Street, N. Y., 4-12,-'89.1 PROF. JONES :ŠI happen to have open June 12, 13, 14, all I can spare at any time. I can come to Chi-cago then for the debate, on several conditions ; 1. My expenses from Minneapolis and return and locals in Chicago. 2. Both of us to agree not to linger after 14th, to speak on Sabbath, lest the at- tendance be weakened, or speeches be made with no chance to reply. 3. The debate to be under joint control of your committee and Illinois Sabbath As-sociation, Rev. Dr. Mandeville, President, Chicago. 4, The debate to be one continuous debate for the hhree nights. Myself, as affirmative, to speak an our the first night, and you to follow with half an hour of your reply, "to he continued in our next." You to have first hour second night and myself clos-ing half hour. The third night each to speak twice Šopening addresses 30 minutes each to be followed by rejoinders of 15 minutes eachŠthe order to be determined by lot, that is, who shall open, &c. Your petition I should not consent to debate sep-erately, as it relates to National Reform, with which I am not connected, and to Blair amendment, which, as'Field Sec., I have no right to work upon. I shall however refer to that petition, and you can, of course, use it in your argument as far as you consider it per- tinent. yours, W. F. CaArrs. Please see Dr. Mandeville and show him this letter and see what he says about it. As to money above expenses of ball and advertising, if any, I should be willing to have it given to your denomination and Illinois Sabbath Association equally, or more appro-priately, devoted half and half to your literature and ours, or better yet, to the printing of stenographic reports of the debate. I should insist on a compe-tent stenographer taking .down every word, to pre-vent misreporting from going uncorrected. These dates have already been refused to the S. S. Assembly, that would have paid $50 for two or three addresses, and may be wanted any how. Please hasten a final decision. W. P. C. This is the last letter I received from Mr. Crafts before he declared the debate off. And as with the others, so with this; there is no such statement as that the debate was subject to the approval of the Illinois Sabbath Association or any other party. The third condition is : "The debate to be under the joint control of your committee and Illinois Sabbath Association." Not that these committees were to decide, or either of them, whether there was to be any debate or not, nor whether the debate depended upon their approval, or the approval of either of them; and it is certain that neither I nor my repre-sentatives ever supposed for a moment that these committees were to decide whether the debate should take place or not. This letter I received in Chicago, April 19, and as I was to leave there that same evening for Minne-apolis, I appointed Elders R. M. Kilgore, and George B. Starr, of Chicago, to act with the Illinois Sabbath Association in making arrangements. They visited Dr. Mandeville, and with the following result :- 894 W. ADAMS ST, CHICAGO, / April 20, 1889. f GEO. B. STARR, ESQ., $8 College Place, Chicago, Dear Sir: The executive committee of our association met yesterday and took under advisement the matter of the pro-posed public debate. After carefully considering the question in all its bearing, we came to the conclusion indicated in the enclosed resolution. Very sincerely yours, WHEREAS, The proposition to hold a puChlt dMetaNtDeBINDITVEe.en Rev. W. F. Crafts and Prof. Jones, on the petition for a Sabbath Rest bill has been referred to the Illinois Sabbath Association; therefore, Resolved, That as the time of this association is fully occu-pied with its own work, they do not deem it advisable to spend either time or money in any discussion which in their judg-ment will in no way conduce to the better observance of the Sabbath. (Fac simile opposite.) Here we are brought to another point in Dr. Crafts' list of sworn charges. He says thatŠ "The Illinois Sabbath Association declined to ap-prove and arrange the debate, on the ground that Professor Jones had shown himself a trickster at the Washington hearing, and that his obscure sect were not worthy of so much attention." Mr. Crafts has positively sworn, and without qual-ification, that this is true. But the above resolution of that association, deGlared by Dr. Mandeville over his own signature to be the conclusion to which that association came, gives as the sole reason, that in their judgment a debate would "in no way conduce to the better observance of the Sabbath." It may be that the Illinois Association gave to Mr. Crafts tbe statements which he has sworn are true. If they did, then the foregoing resolution, and sig-nature of Dr. Mandeville, show such statement to be clearly a prevarication,and Mr. Craft's oath that it is the truth does not help the matter a particle. 