AMERICAN SENTINEL: 115 2. No one shall converse or dispute concerning the Holy Scriptures, openly or secretly, especially on doubt-ful or difficult matters; nor read, teach, or expound the Scriptures, unless he has duly studied theology, and been approved bytsome renowned university. 3. No one shall preach, secretly or openly, nor en-tertain any of the opinions of the above-mentioned heretics. 4. No one shall hold conventicles in his own house, nor be present at any such, in which the adherents of the above-mentioned heretics teach, baptize, and form conspiracies against the holy church and the general welfare. 5. No one shall lodge, entertain, or furnish with food, fire, or clothing, any person known to be, or no-toriously suspected of being, a heretic; and any one failing to denounce any such 'shall himself incur the penalties of heresy. 6. If any one, being not convicted of heresy or error, but greatly suspected thereof, and therefore con-demned by the spiritual judges (the inquisitors) to ab-jure such heresy, or by the secular magistrate to make fine and reparation, shall again become suspected or tainted with heresyŠthen, although it shall not appear that he has contravened or violated any of the above-mentioned commands; nevertheless, such person shall be considered as relapsed, and, as such, be punished with loss of life and property, without any hope of mod-eration or mitigation of the penalties of heresy. 7, Such perturbers of the general quiet are to be executed, to wit, the men with the sword, and the women to be buried alive, if they do not persist in their error. But if they do persist in them, then they are to be exe-cuted with fire; all their property in both cases to be confiscated to the crown. No judge shall alter or mod-erate these punishments in any manner. 8. "We also forbid any one, of whatsoever condi-tion, to ask of us, or of any one having authority, to grant pardon, or to present any petition in favor of such heretics, exiles, or fugitives, on penalty of being declared forever incapable of civil or military office, and of being arbitrarily punished besides." In this edict, framed by the leaders of the Catholic party themselves, we have the real and permanent aims/  of the church of Rome with respect to the points it treats of. Those who framed, our Constitution joined issue with the church on every one of these points, and built a wall of separation between church and state in order to protect the people of this land from the consequences of such iniquitous laws. The First Amendment is a remedial law, having in view the prevention of the mis-chiefs of intolerance, and was, as I have said, inspired by the memory of the Edict of 1550. It ought, there-fore, to be construed with reference to that edict, so as to reach the mischief and apply the remedy; the only remedy being the non-establishment of religion, the  non-interference of the civil authority with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exercises. But if our rulers pursue their present policy, it will not be fifty years before the Edict of 1550 will again becOme a law, and be, operative in the 'United States. The only way to prevent such a consummation is to combat the principles of popery, whether they be found in Catholic or in so-called Protestant societies, in polit-ical parties or in monastic orders,in the army or among the populace. My own opinion is that the twentieth century will witness in this country a repetition of the struggles between popery and liberty which convulsed western Europe in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. The Edict of 1550 shows what true Protestants will be called'  upon. to fight against; and the First Amendment, what they must fight for. Washington, D. C. Self-Government an Individual Acquirement. BY H. F. PHELPS. THE art of self-government must be acquired in the lifetime of the individual who is to govern himself; and not "acquired only after centuries of study and struggle and experiment and instruction;" as a United States senator recently said. It can be of no value to the in-dividual, nor yet to a nation, if it must take "centu-ries." Neither is it a thing to be "bestowed" by man upon a fellowman, nor can it be given by a nation of men to another nation of men. It is an individual acquirement, and can only be acquired as a person is left altogether free to work out the problem for him-self. Even then it is true that "eternal vigilance" must be an element in the man else the lesson will not be learned.'  That self-government does not fall as a legacy from one generation to another, is a lesson well attested in the history of the two greatest republics of all time. It is said, that of all peoples, the ancient Romans pos-sessed the faculty of self-government above all others, unless it were the Anglo Saxons. And, though the last,  named would not be willing to award the palm to their --more ancient brethren, it may be doubted that even these, could they give their voice in the matter, would grant the claims of superiority to the men of this Republic. But all readers of history know that with that fac-ulty of self-government in the Romans, was also to be found, hand in hand, the faculty and love of industry and frugality. With these, there followed prosperity. And, quickly, upon its very heels, followed luxury and prodigality. With these came idleness to the masses, because of the massing of the wealth in the hands of the few, and ease to the rich because of their wealth. Then, 