96 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. s1112e ed:In2eFical? genti12,21, OAKLAND, CAL., DECEMBER, 1886. NOTE. ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. HAVING won the Woman's 'Christian Tem-perance Union, the National Reformers are now courting the Salvation Army. Ł WE would again call attention to the fact that the SENTINEL is stereotyped, thus enabling us to furnish back numbers in any desired quantity. Already several editions have been printed of some of the numbers. BY the evidence which we present in this number of the SENTINEL, it is apparent that the National Reform movement is nothing else Alan a new Papacy; therefore, there is now an urgent demand for the vigorous revival of true Protestantism. The SENTINEL earnestly hopes to continue its protestations. MASSACHUSETTS has fallen into line with Ar-kansas and Tennessee in the work of perse-cution, and certain men in Worcester are to be tried for working on Sunday, after having con-scientiously observed the seventh dayŠSatur-dayŠas the Sabbath. Massachusetts has not a very enviable character in the matter of per-secution. It was from Massachusetts that Roger Williams and othersŠwomen tooŠwere banished; it was in Massachusetts that the Baptists were whipped; it was in Massachusetts that Quakers, and women at that, were hanged Šon Boston Common; it was in Massachusetts that women were hanged as witches; it was in Massachusetts, and only last year, that a man was fined and imprisoned for publicly reading the Scriptures. With such a record it would be a wonder indeed if Massachusetts were less willing than any other State to persecute peo-ple for worshiping God according to the dic-tates of their own consciences. Falling into Line. WE stated some time ago that the church of the United Brethren had put a National Re-form preacher into the field, and would support him. Bishop Dixon, of that church, is a Vice-President of the National Reform Association. The Bishop was lately holding some conferences out in Ohio, and District Secretary Rev. R. C. Wylie visited the Conferences in the interests of the National Reform revolution. He says the Bishop presented him to the Conference, and during a lull in business called upon him to occupy the time. Then the Committee on Resolutions presented the following:Š "Resolved, That we are in sympathy and hearty accord with the National Reform Asso-ciation, and that we bid the Rev. Mr. Wylie, their agent in this region, Godspeed, and shall pray God's blessing upon him and his work." All this was at Stryker. From there Mr. Wylie went to Delphos to attend another Con- ference of the same church. There again the Bishop introduced him to the Conference, and gave him time to speak for National Reform. Here, too, a resolution of thanks was passed, by " a hearty vote." From Delphos Mr. Wylie went to the Gen-eral Conference of the Free Methodist Church, held at Coopersville, Michigan. The senior Superintendent, B. T. Roberts (the superin-tendents in the Free Methodist Church corre-spond to the bishops in the other churches), introduced the subject of National Reform to the Conference, and an hour was set apart for Mr. Wylie to speak. His address "was greeted with many hearty Amens." At the conclu-sion of his remarks, Mr. Wylie says: "Super-intendent Roberts replied, assuring me of his own sympathy with our aims, and also of the hearty co-operation of the Free Methodist Church in our endeavors. . . And all the people said, Amen.' " The " Committee on Reforms" in its report, said: " We recognize the objects and aims of the National Reform Association, and will labor and pray for its success." By all this, it is quite manife4t that the United Brethren Church, and the Free Meth-odist Church, may well be counted as pledged to National ReformŠthat is, to revolution and Romanism. And "Secretary" Leiper says that the "nods and amens a National Reformer gets in a Methodist [Episcopal] meeting help him wonderfully." Yet we believe that when the people of those churches understand that Na-tional Reform is only a scheme to deliver them into the hands of Rome, the National Reformers will not find it so easy to make the delivery, as it now appears. The "Sentinel." WITH this number, the AMERICAN SENTINEL completes its first year of publication. We are gratified with the reception that has been given it by the people of the nation, more than 136,-000 copies having been circulated. The cause to which it is devoted is a most important one. It is a cause which vitally affects every person in the whole nation. The principles upon which the SENTINEL stands, and which it defends, are the principles for the defense of which our Fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor. The cause grows more important as the days go by. The National Reform movement is constantly and rapidly gaining favor in all parts of the country, and the facts presented in this paper show that the danger is great and imminent; yet the AMERICAN SENTINEL is the only paper in the country that is devoted to the analysis of that movement, and to exposing the danger that lies in it. We know there are thousands of people who need but to be shown the true meaning of National Reform, to cast it off utterly. And as it vitally concerns the civil and religious liberty of every person, it is important that every person shall know of it, therefore it is important that every person should have the opportunity to read the SENTINEL. Therefore to every person who is, or be-comes, acquainted with the SENTINEL, we ex-tend an earnest invitation to help us in extend- ing its circulation. With this issue a large number of subscriptions expire. Please renew for yourself, send it to your friends, and ask your neighbors to subscribe. For terms to agents, and in clubs, see previous page. You need the paper. It is for you, not for us, that the matter is written and printed. We have just now begun to get into the real merit of the discussion, and it shall still be our endeavor to make every number tell for truth, right, justice, and liberty. We do not want to re-move your name from our list, and to prevent possibility of the loss of any numbers, and of mistake in dropping and taking up your name, please look at the yellow tab on your paper, and if your subscription expires with this num-ber and volume, please renew at once. The number for January, 1887, will go to press about December 27. Be sure to have your letter of renewal here, with all the new sub-scribers you can obtain, by that time. We hope to see more than 250,000 copies circulated in 1887; and we shall see it, if you will help us. Bloody Revolutionists. THE Ministers' Association of Des Moines, Iowa, lately passed some resolutions against National Reform, one of which reads thus:Š " Resolved, That the National Reform Asso-ciation is an attempt to accomplish by revo-lution the Christianizing of the nation, and therefore meets our disapproval." Commenting on this, Rev. M. A. Gault says:Š " Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in Government without bloody revo-lution, will depend entirely upon the strength and resistance of the forces of anti-Christ." What kind of a Christianity can that be which proposes to accomplish its purposes by a " bloody revolution "? Yet such is the style of " Christianity " that is represented in the National Reform Association. Mr. Gault says that Dr. Emory Miller, of the Centenary M. E. Church, of Des Moines, " expressed his em-phatic condemnation of the whole movement, saying that he had given it careful study, and his convictions were based upon mature inves-tigation." Dr. Miller certainly does well, and so would everybody else, to condemn the whole movement. In fact, as that movement boldly contemplates the alternative of a "bloody revo-lution," it is difficult to see how it can be un-derstandingly indorsed or supported by any-body but a bloody revolutionist. THE Pacific Press Publishing House carries the largest stock of Bibles of any house west of Chicago. Send for catalogue, free. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. SO.TOI,B COPY, per year, 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid Š - - - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 