"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, MARCH 30, 1899. NUMBER 13. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. WAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE wedlock of church and state made never an un-fruitful union. POLITICS may be purified, but cannot be a means of purification. ot THE State never made a success in playing the role of a missionary. .4 .4 A SUNDAY law would have put a stop to creation at its very beginning. ot EARTHLY power was never joined with the church to accomplish a heavenly purpose. itt THE law of man is in no sense a supplement to the law of God. The divine law is complete in itself. ePt THE more beams we have in our own eyes, the more easily can we see motes in the eyes of our neighbors. .4 .4 A SUNDAY law represents an effort of the "Sabbath Trust" to "put up the price" on the Sabbath. The Sabbath is, God's free gift. THE State's right, or lack of right, to enforce Sunday observance, may be quickly-discovered by asking, Would such a right be claimed for the State if it was known that Sunday is not the "Lord's day," or in any sense sacred? THE Sabbath is a benefit to humanity, because it is divine. Take the divinity out of it, and the benefit is gone with it. ot You can create hatred by law, but not love; hypoc-risy, but not piety; and since love is not in human law, such law has no business in the realm of love. .4 .4 THE Almighty has ordained the "powers that be," but He has not gone into partnership with them in gov-erning the world. Power for the Church. THE church to-day wants power. She wants to bring about reforms in society and in politics, and with these in view she is seeking to get control of the machinery of the State. She confesses that she has not now the power that she wants. But the church professes to be proclaiming to the world the gospel of God; and that itself is power. It is the very power of God, and God is all-powerful. The gospel is power; the realization of this fact seems to have been almost lost, notwithstanding its tremen-dous importance. The gospel is not a discourse about power. The Jews of old, we read, were astonished at the teaching of Christ, because "his word was with power!,  That was the gospel. The same was true of the preach-ing of the apostles. " My speech and my preaching," wrote the apostle Paul to the Corinthians, " was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstra-tion of the spirit and of power." We must conclude then that where the gospel is, there is the power of God, which is certainly all the power required, and all that can be had, for any moral work. And where the power is not, on the other hand, there is no gospel. What then is the trouble to-day? Is it with the 