T1tE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 37 Compelled to be Saved. filN the Elgin, Illinois, convention of Con-gregational ministers, November 8, 1887, Dr., W. W. Everts, of Chicago, in speak-ing of the prevalence of Sabbath desecra-tion and its remedy, said: "This day is set apart for divine worship and a prepara-tion for another life. It is the test of all religion." That is to say, Sabbath-keeping is the test of all religion, and he who will not keep the Sabbath has no religion. But if he will not keep it he must be forced to, and thus act as though he had religion, no matter how corrupt at heart. Such a law would be, only could be, productive of the rankest hypocrisy. God will never accept of such a coerced religion. We admit, with Dr. Everts, that the Sabbath was given to assist in a preparation for another life; but when measures are adopted to compel men to prepare for another life, it is going beyond the juris-diction of the Church or the State. Dr. Everts further said : " He who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God; and he who does not worship God, is lost." Exactly, and h law to compel people to keep the Sabbath is nothing less than a law to compel people to worship God. If they will not keep the Sabbath, and thereby worship God, they are. lost ; therefore, they must be compelled to keep the Sabbath, worship God, and be saved. Obedience to God, voluntarily, rendered, is the greatest test of love and the highest form of worship. Said Christ : " If ye love me, keep my commandments :" John 14 : 15. But who ever heard of Christ com-pelling the people to show their love to him by forcing them to keep his command-ments? The Scriptures set forth no such principle. The Sabbath belongs to Christ, and when on earth he told the people that he was Lord of it. Mark 2: 28. There were Sabbath breakers all around him, but he did not appeal to Cwsar for a law to compel them to keep it. He used the best means for saving people,--persuasion mingled with the deepest love. If com-pulsory measures had been a potent agent in saving those for whom he came to die, he might have used them. It seems to be the design of ambitious clergymen, who are more zealous for an outward display than for inward piety, to transfrm this Government from a civil to an ecclesiastical power, and have a few men like the Roman pontiff, sit upon ecclesiastical thrones and make their inter-pretations of the Scriptures the law of the land. As a stepping stone to this they make Sabbath observance a test of per-sonal religion and worship, and then tell the people they are lost if they do not come up to the test, thus trying to frighten them into favoring a Sunday law. It is a good thing to keep the Sabbath and worship God; but it is a detestablet  thing to compel people to keep it, and deceive them into the ide'a that obedience  to such a law will save them. If the peo-ple cannot see the motive of those engaged in this Sunday-law business, it must be because they will not, or do not, investi-gate the matter, and reason from cause to effect. E. HILLIARD. Christ's Kingdom Not of This World. THERE was a constant expectancy upon the part of Jesus' followers that he would take to himself regal power, and reign as king. Human power was inseparably connected with their ideas of success ; and this expectancy often found expression in queries which plainly show the shape their hopes had taken. But the Saviour did not encourage the idea of associating his work with the kingdoms of the world. Exactly the opposite. He taught the doc-trines of brothership instead of lordship; he called his disciples "friends," not serv-ants; he taught meekness instead of "the manly art of self-defence;" humility, in-stead of pomp and pride. He taught that it was better to suffer wrong than to Commit it; thatit was better to be aggrieved than to be the aggressor; that mercy and forgive-ness should prevail over justice, which was to be committed to him who judgeth righteously. These characteristics plainly mark both his teachings and his life from beginning to close. When Peter resorted to the sword, he rebuked his spirit, and substi-tuted kindness. When James and John suggested that the argument of fire from heaven be used upon those Samaritans who would not receive him, Jesus said, "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." Luke 9: 55, 56. He held at his disposal "more than twelve legions of angels ; " but he never invoked the physical constraint of one of them to defend his cause or enforce his creed. "Learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart," exclaims the great Author and Finisher of the Christian faith. It would have been well for the cause, and for its adherents since that time, had they fully comprehended the real spirit of the cause they profess, and possessed more of the spirit of its Master. But from that time until the present, men have sought to place the cause of Christ upon the support of civil power. Legislators and rulers have been petitioned and besought to take the interests and institutions of the Church under the fostering wing of legal protec-tion; and wherever this has been tried, the result has been most disastrous to pure and undefiled religion. The Saviour says, "My kingdom is not of this world." Nor is this world any part of Christ's kingdom. ŠBible Echo, Australia. -Ł " PITT them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers." Titus 3 : 1. Encouraging Words. THE Oakland (California) daily Times of January 10, notices the removal of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to this city, as fol-lows " DEPARTURE OF A FAITHFUL SENTINEL." " Oakland has one religious paper the less by the removal of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, published for four years in Oakland, by the Pacific Press Publishing Company, to New York. "The ability of this paper, under the editorial charge from the first of Elder E. J. Waggoner and Professor A. T. Jones, has been marked, and its deserved success phenominal. Starting as an eight-page monthly, in January, 1886, it attained the first year to a circulation of over 136,000 copies, and the third year of more than 600,000. Last January it became a weekly and had a circulation during the year of over 1,000,000 copies. Its avowed aim, thus far consistently and energetically carried out, has been to oppose every prin-ciple, effort or movement which tends in any way to a union of Church and State, and to preserve inviolable the strictly sec-ular and non-sectarian attitudes adopted by the fathers of our Republic and em-bodied in the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution, as also in the Constitutions of this and all the other States of the Union. An organized, determined and persistent effort is being made to overturn this fundamental prin-ciple and introduce a religious amendmen - which, if adopted by Congress and en-dorsed by the popular vote, will thoroughly sectarianize the Constitution. Against this movement the AMERICAN SENTINEL is dot ing and is bound to do valiant battles. It holds, with Roger Williams, that `civil government should rule in civil things only,' and, with George Washington, that 'every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable to God alone for his religious faith,' and that any inter-ference with this right in the way of penal Sunday laws or otherwise is a wanton and flagrant usurpation and should be resisted Ł by every loyal American citizen with his utmost power. " In principles and sentiments the Morn-ing Times, with most of its brethren of the secular press, fully agrees, and we are glad to see in the last issue of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL a hearty acknowledgement of sympathy and encouragement extended by various representatives of the California secular press, and particular by the Oak-land Morning Times. "The change of location to the metropo-lis of the Nation and the center of the battle on this national question, is un-doubtedly a good one, and we believe and predict that the AMERICAN SENTINEL will at least double its last year's circulation of 1,000,000 copies during the current year." 