THE SE' NTIPML, OF LIBEETY. and ,brains; of the comrnunity,Šhence they should do the directing. * * * " If you ask me to answer this Łquestion; I will say,that there is no infallible discoverer and stater of the law of God on this earth. No prophet, no book, no priest, no king, no class of men, no matter how well born or highly trained, no parliaMent, no matter hOw skillfully chosen,.not even the majority of the people, no matter hOw calmly and deliber= ately their voting is taken, will always tell us aright what the law of God is, and-always apply, it aright." This is manifestly true, so far as human author-ities are concerned, because no man is infallible, and therefore no number of men can be infallible, and only an infallible authority can be trusted to define the will of God. And this is just the reason why the law of God cannot be the proper basis of civil government. Not that there is anything, faulty in the law of God, but man is finite and fallible, and as the authority in.all civil government is necessarily human, the law of God, as interpreted and applied by civil government, would not constitute a correct stand-ard of righteousness to which men could justly be held amenable. But mankind must be held strictly accountable to the divine law if the government of God is to be upheld before men and before the uni-verse, and therefore an infallible authority to reveal' to mankind the will of God is indispensable to God's eternal purpose for mankind; and,there exists just such an authority, namely, the Holy Spirit. The Spirit interprets to 'men the meaning of the word of God, the Bible. This enlightenment of the Spirit being conditioned on the exercise of faith, it follows that each individual must be enlightened by himself and for himself alone, and therefore that the only gov-ernment which can properly have the law of God for its basis is one Whose fundamental law is made known, not by a supreme court or by decree of pope or king or the vote of a, majority, bUt by the Spirit of God. The law of God, in other words, can be the basis only of the government of God. - But the correspondent before quoted' believes that the voice .of the majority, while not infallible, must in any case prevail over the voice of the in-dividual or over that of the minority.' He says: ‚.,‚ Far, superior to any minority is the voice of the majority of the people. The individual has a,right to his own opinion as to what is the, law of God. He has the right to advocate it even unto his 'own death'if he deems that necessary or wise. He has not the right to impose his opinion on Others. Sp- diety, as an organic whole, speakingby the voice, of , the majority, has a right to say that this or that is a social matter, and to it the individual must submit because it is not an individual matter ,'but it con-cerns the whole.".  Has society a right to say that Sabbath observ-ance is a "social matter" and not an individual matter? and must the individual submit in this .to the dictates of the majority? But still stronger than this is the following quoted by the Outlook froni the Springfield Republican: " Is there any other way within reach-of human society of so perfectly consulting God as through the conscience of the people, not one or several, but allŠthe general conscience, freed, as far as it ever can be found, of the individual warp and' twist, of interest or pride,or prejudice or sin or hereditary defect? " Now put with , these quotations the following statement made .by Rev. David McAllister, editor of the Christian Statesman and chief spokesman of the National Reform party, made at a hearing be-fore a committee of Congress in 'behalf of a bill to " Christianize " the Constitution: " I say it comes,  to this: This matter of conscience is one that goes back to the moral sense of the peo-ple. It is not simply an individual conscience. Here is the nation which gives its decision accord-ing to its sense of right and wrong. That is the na-tional conscience, and when the nation thus gives its decision, individuals whose,conscientious views may conflictŠ * * * such cases the individual con- science must yield to the conscience of the whole people which is over him, and should-be over him in order to enforce what is right, but which can be 'over him only by recognizing 'the Lord's supreme authority over the nation." The essential harmony of these three quotations is apparent. The Outlook says that the proper basis of civil government is not the consent of the , gov- erned, but the law of God. Some of its readers and exchanges give expression to a. different view; but all agree in saying that the individual conscience' must , submit to the " public conscience "'or the " state conscience ",which 'must be over the individ-ual to "enforce what is right." And if civil govern-ment does not rest on the consent of the governed, the law of God is the only other basis on which if-can be alleged to rest. As surely, therefore, as that the doctrine of government by consent of the gov-.  erned is being abandoned in this country, we' are 