 546 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      identicalŠthe civilization and evangelization of the world. "'There are more than 1,000,000 young men in the Epworth League alone. No Alexander or Caesar ever had an army like that. We aspire to be the Tenth Legion for any campaign. "`President McKinley may plan for peace at home or peace with honor abroad. These young men with their blood and breeding will march through sand or jungle and fling themselves at a breastwork with a hardihood and a daring that no veteran of the Old Guard or Wellington's Iron Brigade could surpass. " 'He has our prayers to-day. He can have our money to-morrow, and the whole million will enlist the day after if we are needed.' " This goes beyond the demonstrations that have been made at the conventions of the great religious bodies of which the Epworth League is a type. But it noes not depart from it in principle. It only expresses more fully what is in the principle of glorifying political heroes and political power, and to what the spirit of politics in the church must lead. The political spirit which was manifested in the contest for supremacy among the twelve apostles, was renounced by them after it had led them into grievous deception and sin; but the contest for the supremacy was not long kept out of the Christian Church. "Griev-ous wolves," foretold by St. Paul, entered into the flock; false teachers, whose aim was to draw away disciples after themselves. The question as to which should be the greatest became again the all-absorbing theme, until finally by an imperial edict, it was settled in favor of the bishop of Rome. He was declared to be the rightful head over all the churches; in recognition of which su-premacy he assumed the title "pope." That was the fruit of politics in the early Christian Church. And wherever that spirit comes in, popery is the result, and the only result that can follow. There are many popes in the world besides the chief one who sits in the Vatican at Rome. When the spirit of politics came into the early church, in proportion as it came in the Spirit of the Lord went out, and the church ceased to be Christian. When finally the political spirit assumed complete con-trol, the church still called herself Christian, but she was teaching atiominable error and persecuting the true saints of Gold. The Reformation came and new denominations arose; but in each of them- this history was repeated. They began to exalt the human into the place of the divine. In their religious gathering there appeared the contest for supremacy. They directed the Lord's work by "cut and dried" plans of cliques conceived in human wisdom. They looked to men for spiritual guidance rather than to the Word of God. They joined hands with the state and persecuted dissenters. This has been in a substan-tial degree the history of every prominent religious body that has taken the Christian name down to the present time. And now this same subtle spirit continues to work among the followers of Christ, and prepares a fresh and crowning catastrophe. As it led the early disciples to see visions of a kingdom of God to be set up through political agencies, by force, on the earth, so now it leads the multitudes to dream of Christ's kingdom being set up on the earth through political per.ver. "The king-dom of God," say the W. C. T. U., "is to enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." "The church militant," says the spokesman of the Epworth League, "salutes the nation militant, and recognizes that their mission is to-day identical;" and he declares that the church forces are ready to fight the battles of the civil power. And the Christian Endeavor Society, Christian Citizenship League, and kindred organizations, have expressed by word or action substantially the same thing. And the subtlety of this deception lies very largely in the fact that this political spirit associates itself with so much that is good and true. That was the way it first began its fatal work. Had it not been Lucifer, the exalted one who stood by the throne of God, that intro-duced it in heaven, the deception might not have ex-tended far among the celestial host. But for the very reason that Lucifer had so much goodness, wisdom, and brightness, the deception did extend until it involved myriads of heavenly beings in eternal ruin. And be-cause the Epworth League, Christian Endeavor Society, and like religious bodies represent so much that is good, and true, and Christian, the political spirit that has crept into their purposes and methods is unsuspected of being evil, and will the more readily do its fatal work to day. A serpent in Paradise deceived the parents of the race. The power represented by the "church militant" joined with the nation militant is political. That union will be made, as was said by the speaker at Ocean Grove, to fulfill the mission of the church in the world. That is to say that it will be done to establish the kingdom of God. And as the kingdom of God was not set up in that way in the days of the apostles, and could not be without going contrary to the spirit of Christianity, so it cannot be established by such means to-day; and as surely as this false conception concerning the kingdom led the disciples of old to forsake their Lord, so surely will it lead the disciples of this time away from Him, and into even more fatal error. When the Holy Spirit was poured out on the day of Pentecost, the disciples knew by what power the Lord would work in the earth for the establishment of his kingdom. They knew then that no political agencies would figure in setting up the reign of righteousness; that it would be "not by might, nor by power," but by the divine Spirit that had been poured out upon them. That Spirit did not come upon them until they were all "with one accord" assembled in waiting for it; not until every particle of the spirit of controversy, of selfŁsuprem- 