28d TI-IE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. these ," self-evident truths " when we un-selfishly , assert the other man's right to believe and worship as he chooses, or not to worship ,at all if he chooses.' Freedom to: do a thing necessarily implies equal freedom not to do it. It is the selfish. as-sertion And reiteration of our own rights that leads' us to forget the rights of others and try, to force thorn to conform to our way. The , words of Christ (Matt. 7: 12,) " Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so, to them; for this is the law and the prophets," were his explanation to his followers, of what constitutes proper obe-dience to the law,, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." As Christ's legal opinion this rule is binding upon all Chris-tians, unequivocally requiring them to accord, to others in all things, the same right and privileges they would wish ac-corded to themselves. It does more 'than this. , , It exposes the character of those who claim the. name Christian, but have so little regard for this fundamental law of Christian conduct, that they seek to en-force. upon others hollow formalities of their own lifeless, if not absolutely.hypo-critical, profession. The law of Chris-tianity is the law of love, " For love work-eth no ill to his neighbor." And that the principle of freedom of conscience' for every man, as embodied in the Declaration of Independence and guaranteed by our Constitution is in harmony with it, is a " self-evident truth." These principles should be maintained by Christians and all others. "By.their fruits ye shall know them."ŠIra D. Blanchard, in Du-luth Evening Herald. Sunday Funerals. ONE Would not naturally Suppose that Sunday-law enthusiasts would carry their claims of Sunday sacredness se far as to seriously deny the right of a man to die on a day which would necessitate holding the funeral on Sunday ; but such would seem to be the case,' from the following clipping from the Uxhridge (Canada) .fournal,Ł under date of June 9,.1892:Š At a meeting of the Ministerial Association of Stouffville, the following resolution was unan-imously carried :Š WiuntiAs, There is a tendency to select the Sabbath day for funerals, and we believe such funerals to be detrimental to the proper observance of the Sabbath, and the spiritual interests of our congregations, therefore he it Resolved, That we, the Ministerial Association of Stouffville; agree not to attend or conduct funerals on the Sabbath, unless absolutely necessary on sanitary grounds; and that we request that funeral sermons be not preached' on the day of interment, but at the regular service on the following Sabbath; and further request that-the ministers be consulted' before final arrange-ments are made. From. the foregoing it would appear that it is acsin ;to attend funerals on Sunday, notwithstanding men die; and the natural order of events points to Sunday as the day of ,interment. Would, it be less fallacious to request that men postpone their death till some other.day, when the " Ministerial Associa-tion of -Stouffville" could attend the fu-neral without remorse of conscience? It is not because it is so much of a sin to attend Sunday funerals, but to bring Sunday to the front as the "American Sabbath" that these enthusiasts are work-ing. What is wanted is to set up the "golden image" on the "plains of Dura," and to compel all classes to "fall down and wor- ship"it. J. L. CUPIT. grand Ledge, Mich. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THREE.  boys have been arrested-  in Pittsburg for put-ing up a tent and selling refreshments on Sunday. They are to be prosecuted 'to the' "full extent of the law." THE Pearl of Days reports that the American Sab-bath Union has printed and sent out one hundred thou-sand copies of Elliott F. Shepard's "Brief" in favor of keeping the World's Fair closed on Sunday, which was presented at the hearings before the Congressional Com-mittees on the World's Fair last April. THE Northern Christian Advocate says that in New Orleans the. Sunday law is violated, but that '"The American Confederation of Labor has entered into an alliance with the Sunday Rest League to secure its en-forcement, and it is believed that the opposition must give way." Thus one by one, through apparent self-interest, or some other deception, different organizations are led into this great delusion. THE Philadelphia Record has this editorial on the subject of Congress and the Sunday closing of the World's Fair :Š Apart from the immediate question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday there can be no mistaking the ulterior object of this Sabbatarian crusade. Should it prove successful, the reaction against personal liberty and social progress will not cease until every street-car shall have been stopped, and every library, academy of arts, and museum, closed on Sunday. The Sabbatarians have pot hesitated to avow that their purpose is to re-establish the puritanical policy of the seventeenth cen-tury. In the debate on the Quay amendment Senator Frye, of Maine, passed a eulogy on the puritanical Sab-bath, and fervently expressed a hope of its speedy res-toration in this country. Other senators, in their Sab-batarian zeal, gave utterance to like views. This is the real meaning of bigotry's persistent attack upon the Columbian Exposition.. Fr seems that in North Carolina indulgence in gym-nastic exercises is a desecration of Sunday. The pu-gilist James Corbett, while on his way through North Carolina to fight with John L. Sullivan at New Orleans, was so forgetful of the religious duty of complete Sun-day rest required by the municipal regulations ,of the town of Charlotte, N. C., as to take, while stopping off there on Sunday, some modification Of his customary daily physical exercise. A. posse of police was detailed to arrest him, and he was obliged to leave his special car on the track under the surveillance of the Charlotte police, and take another train to escape the consequences of his failure to observe the requirements of Carolina religion. Those who intend to stop over Sunday in the village of Char-lotte hereafter would do well to telegraph in advance for instructions, unless they are in search of regular employment in the chain gang or are composed of the stuff of which martyrs are made. COMMISSIONER DOUGLASS, of Washington, D. C., re-ceived recently an application from a retail grocer re-questing permission to keep his store open on Sundays, as his stock was perishable, and to close his store on that day would cause him great loss. A subordinate officer to whom the: matter was re-ferred, stated in his indorsement on the papers that there is uo law to keep the store closed on Sunday, and recommended that he be allowed to keep open, as re-quested. Commissioner Douglass, however, wrote the following on the subject :Š "The letter asking permission to keep a grocery-store open on Sunday for the sale of 'perishable' articles, such as meats, etc., was duly received, and referred to the Police Department. It has been returned, with a favorable recommendation by Lieut. Icelley. The lieu-tenant bays that there is no law to prevent the doing so. I am not so sure there is no law to prevent this. In the first place, the Decalogue seems to forbid it. In the second place, by early and late common law decisions in England, Christianity has been held to be a part of the common law of that country. "And, in the third, the supreme courts of this coun-try have always held from the first that when the first settlers from the mother country came to America they brought the common law' with them as a vital part of their birthright of principles of government and social order. It will not be disputed that the Decalogue is a prominent plank in the Christian platform. I have often thought that an indictment might be framed under this idea. "If not, it certainly has force enough, in my mind, to induce a refusal of such a request, and leave the party to stand on his rights in the matter as the courts may determine. For these reasons, with others not now mentioned, but generally understood or adopted, I must vote to refuse the request. Besides, all the articles called perishable can be preserved, by the use of an ice-box."ŠPearl of Days. THE Pearl of Days is not satisfied with the multi-plicity of organizations now existing for the furtherance Ł of enforced Sunday observance, but advocates the estab-lishing of still another. It says:Š.  The need of a national society, thoroughly organ-ized and 'generously supported, to meet the assaults upon the Sabbath originating in high places, is the deep conviction of very Many. The sacred day will never be fully saved to us so long as, we think its foes are only to be found in the saloon, in alliance with the grosser forms of Sabbath desecration. The consciences of the intelligent masses must be appealed to. There must be such a moral atmosphere created as will favor discussion of the great Sabbath principles taught in the Bible. In other words, there must be greater attention given to finding out what God's will is concerning the fourth commandment. If this new organization would really give itself to finding out what God's will is concerning the fourth commandment the result of the investigation would astonish the author of this paragraph. THE Pittsburg-preachers and their "Law and Order" detectives continue to make life uncomfortable -for the people of Pittsburg on Sunday. The Pittsburg Dispatch notes the following incidbnt Ł The Law and Order Society's movement against the pernicious selling of milk, etc., after 12 o'clock Saturday night is occasioning a great deal of criticism. Alderman Robe says there are six or seven informations being prepared by the society for the violation of the law, but thinks the charges against the dealers are for selling ice-cream and cigars. He stated that any one brought up before him charged with selling milk, ice, or bread, on Sunday, would be discharged. He con-siders the application of the law to the selling of a glass of milk as stretching things too far. A gentleman who had just gotten off a train went around the city Sunday morning about 1 o'clock in search of something to quench a thirst which he had been cultivating for many miles. He first tried the saloons, but found none open. Next he plead with the drug-store clerk even for a glass of vichy, but to no avail. He became desperate at last, and went into a Smithfield restaurant and meekly asked for a glass of milk. He nearly fell from his seat when the waiter in-formed him it was against the law to sell milk on Sun-day without being served with a full meal. He sat meditating for a while, then, with a great deal of reluc-tance, said, " Canyon give me a glass of water without violating the law?"After forcing the liquid down his throat he went out muttering to himself, in not very complimentary language, about the kind of a place he had fallen into. Such facts as these show conclusively that the more those who seek the enforcement of Sunday laws gain the more they will demand. THE purposes to which Sunday laws may be, and are, put, is well shown in this item from Our Country, pub-lished at Boston:Š A summons has been served on William H. Mace, of Stoneham, the well-known proprietor of the refresh-ment saloon at the northerly end of Spot Ponds calling him into court to-morrow morning to answer to the charge of keeping an open shop on the Lord's day. An interesting story is told in connection with this case. Before Mr. Mace opened his saloon there was a contest between him and one Michael McCarthy in the matter of obtaining a lease of the land on which his building stands, it being a very desirable location. Mr. Mace secured the lease, and since then it is alleged that McCarthy has been endeavoring in one way and another to make matters unpleasant for Mace. Last Sunday Mace left his horse in front of McCar-thy's house and weighted him, while he went into his own saloon, which is near by. It is said that McCarthy Łcame out and commenced moving the horse away, whereupon Mace ordered him to let the horse alone, and some hot words followed. It is alleged that soon 