"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 6, 1899. NUMBER 14. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris- LOVE carries no sword save the "sword of the tian and Constitutional. Spirit." cAt J' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may Allow that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE Bible in one hand of the civil power cannot sanc-tify the carnal weapon in the other. ot EVERY Sabbath law is a bond of union between the church and the world. THAT an individual is politically saved, is no sign that he is not morally lost, .4  .4 THE Christian policy of forgiving all trespasses would be suicidal in civil government. tAt IT is impossible for a State to maintain religion and still keep separate from all the churches. ,P4 THE work of the Christian minister is to touch the heart; that of the civil official is to restrain the hands. <.,4 THE Puritan spirit will not let a person be at ease without knowing that he is making some other persons ill at ease. .4 .4 GOD'S Sabbath law provides for rest, with refresh-ment; man's sabbath law provides only restraint, with-out refreshment. To PRESERVE individual rights is as large a contract as any civil government can undertake. When it tries to do more, it invariably does less. .4 .4 THE best thing in the world may become the worst thing by being put to an improper use. This truth is made prominent in the history of religion. IF society cannot be elevated by elevating its mem-bers individually, it certainly cannot be elevated en masse. POLITICAL reform may dam up the stream of social and governmental impurity, but this only causes an overflow. Divine reformation cleanses the fountainhead, and so purifies the stream itself. The Menace of the Trusts. THE world of trade furnishes at the present time one of the most startling of modern phenomena, in the sud-den and enormous extension of the dangerous principle embodied in the combinations called Trusts. These combinations put enormous power into the hands of a few personsŠa condition which is contrary to every interest of popular government. It is essential to the success of popular government that there be an even distribution of power among the people. The people have equal rights; and every right means power. From the rights of the people springs all power that can rightfully be exercised in the govern-ment. At the setting up of the Government of the United States special pains were taken to safeguard the rights of the people. It was feared that Congress and the Federal Government might usurp powe'rs which it was not deemed for the popular good that they should have. Therefore it was provided in the Constitution that "The enumera-tion in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be 