MAY 18, 1803. 1MC   ikatr CAN 155 Church does not demand of its members the ob servance of Sunday in the spirit of Isa. 58 : 13. . . . The Catholic Church does not demand Sunday observance as an act of worship to God, but as an act of homage to itself, and as such it is an act in the highest degree offensive to God. It lowers his Sabbath before the world to a level with the spu-rious, rival Sabbath which is of satanic origin. It nullifies entirely the act of resting upon the pre-ceding seventh day. To worship God, and an anti-christian power also, is to worship the latter power alone. God demands that we should worship and serve him always, and him only. The devil is sat-isfied to let us serve God part of the time and him-self the rest of the time, well knowing that we are thereby serving him all the time, and God not at all. We do not think also that any person can afford to surrender, under _such circumstances, his right, before mentioned, to six days of secular em-ployment in every week. He who surrenders a God-given right in obedience to an arbitrary de-mand by any earthly power, merely as an act of homage to itself, makes himself a slave. We think therefore that it should be a matter of conscience with all observers of the true Sabbath, not to comply with the demand to rest on the first day of the week. This is put very mildly, but it is none the less positive; it expresses the view of the denomination upon the subject, and should settle at once and forever the ques-tion of how Adventists regard the claims of the fourth commandment. Of course it is not a matter of which the courts can properly take cognizance, for to do so would be to become judges of the con-sciences of that people; but the fact does show most conclusively that Sunday laws do at least interfere with the religious rights of the Adventists, by requiring of them a service which they can not con-scientiously render. This is in addition to the hardship of being deprived of one-sixth of the time divinely allotted to them for work. C. P. B. Which Covering? THE world is fast dividing itself into two classesŠone class acknowledging and loving the power of the eternal God who made heaven and earth, the other owning and loving the power of earth. There will be, finally, only the two parties. The former class are Christians and will be owned and accepted of Christ when he comes; the latter are antichristian and will be rejected. Both parties are seek-ing a covering, that is, both desire to be clothed with power, and each class will have their prayers answered. One cov-ering will be obtained by faith, the other by sight or intrigue. The covering re-ceived by faith will be obtained from heaven, in face of every earthly element against the petitioners; but that covering means eternal life, for it is the covering of God's almighty and eternal Spirit. The covering the other class obtain can be received with much less difficulty, in that it is by sight,Šit being popularŠand earthly elements are in the seekers' favor, but when received it will only prove their confusion and eternal ruin. All this is truth because it is what God says. Please read Isa. 30:1, 2. " Woe to the rebellious children, saith the Lord, that take counsel, but not of me; and that cover with a covering, but not of my Spirit, that they may add sin to sin; that walk to go down into Egypt, and have not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadow of Egypt." They who thus walk to go down to Egypt are those seeking the strength of civil power in whatever age they may live. The truth applies in the nineteenth century as forcibly as when Egypt was the mightiest nation of earth. Those who  thus descend from God to secure earthly power are adding sin unto their sin al-ready committed of turning their backs upon Jehovah and rejecting their Maker. They may obtain the covering of the civil arm, but God says it shall prove their shame (verse 3) and their trust in earthly power shall be their confusion. Shall we, by seeking just now for earthly power, throw aside this counsel of the Lord, and instead of being covered with the precious and all-powerful cover-ing of his Spirit, seek the covering of sinful man ? The covering of the civil arm may seem pleasant for a season, but when the burning wrath of a just God begins to fall upon the heads of the guilty inhabitants of earth, it will change to indescribable woe. Civil power will prove no shelter in that awful day, but those who are shielded by the covering of Jehovah, those who have had the cover-ing of his Spirit drawn over them, will be safe. Reader, which covering will you choose ? T. E. BOWEN. Sunday and the Worid's Fair. MR. EDITOR :ŠI have read with no little interest what you have had to say in a late issue of the Times regarding the clos-ing of the Columbian Exposition on Sun-day. Personally, whether the Fair is closed on Sunday or not, I care not a fig, but in the matter as it now stands there is involved a principle that is far-reaching in its consequences. Let us look at it a moment. The clos-ing of the gates on Sunday is in the inter-ests of religion, and the question is a reli-gious one pure and simple. Those behind the movement are with hardly an excep-tion ardent religionists,Šmen who feel that the only safety there is for this Na-tion is in its acknowledging Christ as its ruler. But the closing of the gates on Sunday is practically settled, and that by the Congress of the United States, when it attached to the $2,500,000 appropriation the Sunday-closing proviso. Here we. have the Government assuming to legis-late upon a purely religious question,Ša thing it has no business to do, for as you truthfully say, " our State is absolute sec-ularization." This was the idea of its founders, for the very first amendment to the Constitution declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and in the second article of the famous treaty with Tripoli, the statement is made, "The Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian reli-gion." This shows the act of Congress to be unconstitutional, and when the question was before the legislature for discussion, many of the most learned members of both houses took this very view of it, and would have voted against it, but for the flood of petitions and protests and threats of boycott that came from the religio-political guardians of Sunday sacredness, " Christian lobbyists " as they are called, and finally yielded, explaining their ac-tion on the ground that "it would be un-wise statesmanship to do otherwise." Then later when the people awoke to what had been done, and realized how shame-fully their real desires had been perverted there came a demand for a hearing on the question of the unconstitutionality of the action, and such a hearing was arranged for, and Chicago's mayor together with  many prominent people went to Washing-ton for this purpose, but when they arrived there it was found that from some unknown cause the chairman of that com-mittee had undergone a change of senti-ment, and so far as lay in his power shut out every argument on the unconstitution-ality of the action. These facts are famil-iar to all. They are, as stated. Congress had com-mitted itself to an unconstitutional act, and the manly, righteous thing to have done would have been to repeal the whole thing, but that was not done. Now the point, if Congress can legislate on one religious question, it can legislate on another and so in this Sunday-closing pro-viso we have the bars let down and the gate wide open for the entrance of legislation on every religious question that the Church may demand. All the Church has to do now is to ask for it, for their leaders have declared through their representative, " I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands." By public resolution only a week or so since the Evangelical Alliance composed mainly of those behind this Sunday-closing move-ment, at St. Louis declared in a resolution that " Our next fight will be to stop Sun-day mails. We will go before Congress on that issue." So, Mr. Editor, we have in this matter the germŠand it is alive tooŠof that which hung witches, and hung Quakers, that whipped the Baptists,Šin short, red-dened the pages of all history with the blood of martyrs to religious principle. " Render therefore unto Csar the things which are Cresar's; and unto God the things that are God's," and again, " If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not." The matter of Sabbath keeping is a duty that man owes to his Creator, and if Christ the author of the Sabbath does not interpose to force a man to keep the day, why should any set of men undertake to do it by civil law ? Those who are now moving heaven and earth, as it were, to keep the gates closed in the name of Christianity, and as an "advertisement of the American Sab-bath," should know that there is not a particle of Christianity in it.Š W. E. Cor-nell, in Madison (Wis.) Times. Great Is the Sunday of England. WHILE people in America are hearing much about the "American Sabbath " we, here in England, are hearing a great deal about " the old English Sunday." And our patriotism leads us to think that our old English Sunday is as good an article as the American Sabbath. It is certainly more antiquated. However, a great cry is now being raised that the old. English Sunday is in danger, and worst of all, it is being hurt in the house of its friends. They are saying nasty things about it. But Bishop Ryle, of Liverpool, has cham-pioned its cause and has just come to its rescue with a booklet entitled "Thoughts about Sunday," in which he pleads for " the strong arm of the law." Here are some of his utterances :Š I am persuaded that one half of English Chris-tianity is bound up with the maintenance of " the old English Sunday." In a word, Sunday is the barometer of every so called Christian nation. It is no light matter, we must remember. It is a question which effects the very life of English religion. I can imagine no greater disaster to the eau- e of Christ, in this island, than the introduc-tion of a continental Sunday. From such a dis-aster, good Lord deliver us! 