"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 22, 1894. NUMBER 8. American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. - - ALONZO T. JONES. EDITOR, - - CALVIN P. DOLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. NC KEE, LAST week we examined on its merits, and in the light of indisputable historical facts, the claim that the papacy is the source and stay of civilization. WE found that in the great and leading opportunity which she first sought and found, for the establishment of a perma-nent " Christian civilization," she proved herself a most deplorable failureŠthat, instead of purifying and enlightening any-thing, she corrupted and darkened every- thing. Ł WE found that the claim that is made by her, and in her behalf by " Protes-tants," that she civilized the barbarians who destroyed the Western Empire, is a sheer unmitigated fraud: that instead of converting them she corrupted them; and instead of aiding them in every way, she retarded them in every way. And we promised to show now what she did for those whom she could not corrupt; and what she did within her own proper sphere in the way of helping or blessing mankind. Ł NOR is this in any sense " threshing over old straw." As it has been author-itatively announced from the Vatican to the American people that " what ' the church' has done in the past for other nations, she will now do for the United States; " and as her " apostolic delegate " is here to guide in the doing of this, it is simply a practical object-lesson to enable the people to take a look at what she has done for other nations. And, assuredly, the time when she had the most untram-meled opportunities to do what she could or would for nationsŠthat is the time which presents the fairest point from which to view her. BESIDES this, as what she has done for others, she will now do for us; in looking at what she has done for others, we can find profitable lessons which will instruct  us to-day, beforehand, that we may be the better able to know what to do. In study-ing these things we are but studying the lessons which faithful history has taught Šalas, however, too much in vain. The Ostrogothic kingdom of Italy, under The-odoric, is the nearest parallel in all history to the situation of the United States Gov-ernment, as it was established, as related to the papacy. The principles upon which the government of Theodoric was con-ducted, are almost identical with the prin-ciples upon which the Government of the United States was founded. And what the papacy did for that nation is worth knowing, in view of the statement that what she has done for others she will do for the United States. THEODORIC ruled Italy thirty-three years, A. D. 493-526, during which time Italy enjoyed such peace and quietness and absolute security as had never been known there before, and has never been known there since until 1870. The people of his own nation numbered two hundred thousand men, which, with the propor-tionate number of women and children, formed a population of nearly one million. His troops, formerly so wild and given to plunder, were restored to such discipline that in a battle in Dacia, in which they were completely victorious, " the rich spoils of the enemy lay untouched at their feet," because their leader had given no signal of pillage. When such discipline prevailed in the excitement of a victory and in an enemy's country, it is easy to understand the peaceful order that pre-vailed in their own new-gotten land which the Herulians had held before them. During the ages of violence and revolu-tion which had passed, large tracts of land in Italy had become utterly desolate and uncultivated; almost the whole of the rest was under imperfect culture; but now " agriculture revived under the shadow of peace, and the number of husbandmen multiplied by the redemption of captives ;" and Italy, which had so long been fed from other countries, now actually began to export grain. Civil order was so thor-oughly maintained that "the city gates were never shut either by day or by night, and the common saying that a purse of gold might be safely left in the fields, was  expressive of the conscious security of the inhabitants."* Merchants and other lovers of the blessings of peace thronged from all parts. But not alone did civil peace reign. Above all, there was perfect freedom in the exercise of religion. In fact, the measure of civil liberty and peace always depends upon that of religious liberty. Theodoric and his people were Arians, yet, at the close of a fifty years' rule of Italy, the Ostrogoths could safely chal-lenge their enemies to present a single authentic case in which they had ever persecuted the Catholics. Even the mother of Theodoric, and some of his favorite Goths, had embraced the Catholic faith with perfect freedom from any molestation whatever. The separation between Church and State, between civil and religious powers, was clear and distinct. Church property was protected in common with other prop-erty, while at the same time it was taxed in common with all other property. The clergy were protected in common with all other people, and they were likewise, in common with all other people, cited before the civil courts to answer for all civil offenses. In all ecclesiastical matters they were left entirely to themselves. Even the papal elections Theodoric left entirely to themselves, and though often solicited by both parties to interfere, he refused to have anything at all to do with them, except to keep the peace, which in fact was of itself no small task. He declined even to confirm the papal elections, an office which had been exercised by Odoacer. Nor was this merely a matter of tolera-tion; it was in genuine recognition of the rights of conscience. In a letter to the Emperor Justin, A. D. 524, -Theodoric announced the genuine principle of the rights of conscience, and the relationship that should exist between religion and the State, in the following words, worthy to be graven in letters of gold:Š To pretend to a dominion over the conscience, is to usurp the prerogative of God. By the nature of things, the power of sovereigns is confined to political gov-ernment, They have no right of punishment but over those who disturb the public peace. The most dan.- *Gibbon's "Decline and Fall," chap. xxxix, par. 14; and " History of Latin Christianity," book iii, chap. iii, par. 5. 