irT41 SENTINEL. 43 State Grange of Michigan in its annual meeting, last month, gave its voice upon this question in the following plain state-ment of sound principles:Š We regret that the National Grange, the Farmers' Alliance, and Other organizations of farmers have indorsed the proposition in one form or another to make loans by the Government to the people. That the issuing of one billion of treasury notes and loaning it to the people, either directly or indi-rectly, at a- low rate of interest, would lead to a wild clamor for credit, every intelligent person must admit. That no system could be devised or its operation so guarded as to prevent partiality,  and favoritism in its distribution, first to personal friends of the loaning agent, next to his political associates, every thoughtful man must foresee. Ł That it would create a feeling of helpless depend-ence upon Government aid by those whom it is de-signed Ao benefit, thereby relaxing their individual effort, destroying their energy and self-reliance and rendering them helpless mendicants of Government charity, every observer of human nature must know. That it would lead to thriftless improvidence, relying upon Government aid, or Government for-bearance, by those whom it seeks to benefit, and prove a curse instead of a blessing, is so plainly evident that we are surprised that the National Grange should allow itself to be carried away by the clamor of those who hope to gain for themselves public prefernient by holding out a scheme so en-ticing to the ignorant or improvident debtor, and scheming speculator. Yet as sound as these principles are, and though they be so plainly stated as'to be easily understood by all who can read, we doubt very much whether either the Farmers' Alliance or the National Grange will accept them. Ł Shall the State Teach Morals? Two weeks ago, in answer to a question from the Pastor of the Independent Church at Bloomington, Illinois, we briefly gave our views upon this subject. The matter is again called up by another letter from the same gentleman, who writes as fol-lows :Š Bloomington, Jan. 16, 1891. To the Editor : I was quite surprised to find in the last issue a THE AMERICAN SENTINEL that my brief note of ten days ago had called for unfavorable comment, or for that matter, any comment at all. I am free to confess that I certainly did not " un-derstand the position " of THE SENTINEL on the public school question as touching the inculcation* of morals in our common schools. If I now understand you, it is to the effect that morals should be taught in the family, in the church, in the parochial school, but not in the pub-lic or common school. If the youth of the State should be taught morals, Šif it' is desirable 'they should have any ethical training,Šwhy not give them these advantages in the common school ? THE SENTINEL answers by saying that morals cannot be taught without teaching religionŠwith-out the recognition of Christian authorityŠthe BibleŠor the God of the Bible. And this cannot be done without connecting religion and State. Will THE SENTINEL permit me to say that the purest forms of moralityŠthe purest and noblest qualities of itŠwere among men centuries before the Pentateuch was given by Moses ? That five hundred years before Jesus, our Lord, was born, the very highest and safest excellence of moral char-acter existed among the various nations of the earth? That among all men, in all epochs of his- tory, in all grades of civil and moral culture and religious character, the very essence of morality has existed and has been the safeguard of the peo-ple ? Morality is authority, because it is best; just as moral and physical purity carry with themŠis inherent in themŠthe very highest qualities of au-thority. Therefore it is' net necessary, in order to moral character, that either Moses, Jesus, Osiris, Brahma, Mohammed, Buddha, Odin, or any other written authority, shall be recognized, for among them all the same moral excellence has been recog-nizedŠa moral excellence which is the common property of mankindŠas the idea of God in many forms is the common property of man. Again, will THE SENTINEL, which recognizes that morals should be taught the youth, and specifies the church school, the private school, and the family, as the necessary instructors, please tell us where that very large class of children, who have no moral homes, no church, no private tutelage, are to receive the necessary moral instruction, in order that they may be qualified to discharge the duties of citizenship safely Somebody must teach them, or the State will be endangered by ignorance and immorality. I did not anticipate that I would be called upon to justify my short note to THE SENTINEL. I am glad, however, that you have been entirely frank in the statement,  of your views, and trust that THE SENTI-NEL will come to see that morals can be taught without recognizing the religion or creed of any sect or denomination. Meanwhile, I heartily in-dorse the aim of THE SENTINEL to oppose all legisla-tion on the Sunday question, or forcible entrance of religion in our common schoolsŠthat is, as long as religion is held to be indissolubly joined to creed. II. 0. HOFFMAN. We are afraid that we must disappoint the hopes of our correspondent, for we are not at all likely to " come to see that morals [in any but a restricted sense] can be taught without recognizing re-ligion." Morals must have a sanction; therefore, to teach morals is not only to teach rules governing actions but to teach also the reasons for those rules; and our position is that the only adequate reasons for the most fundamental moral principles Are found in the law of God. That this conclusion is justified by usage is easily shown. Webster defines " morality " thus :Š The relation of conformity or non-conformity to the true moral standard or rule; the quality of an intention, a character, an action, a principle or a sentiment, when tried by the standard of right; the quality of an action which renders it good; the conformity of an act to the divine law, or to the principle of morals. " Moral," used as an adjective, is de-fined by the same authority, as follows :- 1. Relating to duty or obligation ; pertaining to those intentions and actions of which right and wrong, virtue and vice, are predicated, 'or to the rules by which such actions and intentions ought to be directed; relating to the practice, manners, or conduct of men as social beings in relation to each other, as respects right and wrong, so far as they are properly subject to rules. 2. Conformed to rules of right, or to the Vivine law respecting social duties; virtuous; just. The definition of " right," as applied to morals, is :Š Conformed to the constitution of man and the will of God; never deviating from the true and just; according with truth and duty; unswerving; just; true. In answering the question, " What is the difference between religion and moral-ity ?" the Christian Union says :Š Religion is defined by Max Muller as being such a manifestation of the Infinite as produces an influ-ence upon the 'moral character of man. In a less generic but more practical sense, religion is the maintenance of such relations between the soul and God as promote life and character that are right-eous. Accepting either of these definitions, there is evidently no true religion which does not promote morality, and, in our judgment, there is no perma-nent, enduring morality which is not rooted in and dependent upon religion. We are well aware that the word " moral " is used to signify no more than outwardly correct deportment, civility, a recognition of natural rights, and the like, but as we have seen, it means much more than this; it means "conformed to the divine law." It follows that that which Mr. Hoffman wants to have taught in the public schools is not morality but utilita-rianismŠ" the doctrine that virtue is de-fined and enforced by its tendency to pro-mote the highest happiness of the universe." The nearest approach that it is possible to make to genuine morality without reference to the law of God, which, ac-cording to Webster, is "the true moral standard," would be to teach civility and civil justice upon the basis of the self-evident truth that all men are by nature endowed with certain inalienable rights; but this should not be taught as the sum of morals, neither should it be taught that this truth, though self-evident, is the ulti-mate basis of all moral obligation. - To teach utilitarianism is to establish in the mind of the pupil a purely human standard of action, and to teach him not only that it is a standard, but that it is the standard. This would at once place the State in antagonism to Christianity. The effect on the pupil would be, as we re-marked in a former article, to place him in a position where it would be impossible for the teaching of the gospel to reach and elevate him at any subsequent time, be-cause he would be unable to comprehend the existence of anything higher or more desirable than his own conceptions of right, to recognize any obligations higher than what might appear to him to be his self-evident obligations to his fellow-men. Because it is desirable that moral in-struction should be given to all children it does not follow that the State should give it. A failure on the part of the State to teach morals would neither lessen the quantity nor injure the quality of the moral instruction given to the youth of the land. Indeed, the effect of the State's tampering with such things is to paralyze spontaneous home Christian missionary effort. The less the State professes to give of moral and religious instruction, the more will be given by Christian be-nevolent institutions of all kindsŠgiven as it should be given, and by those who should give it. The State is the poorest possible dependence in such a matter. - We are well aware that muchŠwe think too muchŠhas been claimed for the mo-rality of the ancient pagans. True, the world has always had some knowledge of 