" Equal and 2c.tact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or persuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JANUARY 19, 1893. NUMBER 3. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. WILLIAM H. NC KEE. JANUARY 9, Mr. Storey, of the Tennes-see legislature, introduced a bill repealing the law against barbering on Sunday in that State. It does not appear, however, that any member of the legislature sees any incongruity in the law which sends a man to the chain-gang for sprouting stumps in his back field on Sunday. BISHOP H. W. WARREN, of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church, says that "free-dom in religion must not mean freedom from religion." This is a fitting compan-ion piece to the definition of religious freedom by Cardinal Gibbons that "re-ligious freedom is freedom to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience." The two utterances are fit-ting companions, for both are essentially papal. Ł WRITING two weeks ago of the ordinance of civil government, we said :Š But this in no way supersedes the divine gov-ernment; it does not in any measure release the individual from obligation to obey the divine law. It simply provides a way whereby men may com-pel their fellows to yield to them that which is their due. Notwithstanding the ordinance of civil government, God is still the great moral Gov-ernor; to him every soul is responsible; to him every free moral agent must give account. Some, to us unknown, individual in Ohio, marked this paragraph, and after writing upon the margin the following questions, evidently designed to be a " stumper," returned the paper with a one-cent stamp, in violation of the United States postal laws :Š If the individual is not released from this obliga-tion, as such, can any corporate body of individuals release him as a member of such corporation? and is not the corporation bound by the same law? Can the corporation be of any other character than that of the individual membership? No corporation has any power to release any individual from obligation to obey the divine law; and for this very reason,  no corporation can, as such, have any thing to do with the divine law. The members of every corporation should be governed as individuals by the divine law; and if so governed they will be hon-est in all things; but they have no right either as individuals or as a corporation to attempt to enforce that law upon others. As for a corporation having or not hav-ing "any other character than that of the individual membership," the simple truth is, that a corporation has no character at all, of any kind. A corporation can not even violate the postal laws of the United States by sending for one cent a written communication which requires two cents, as this individual has done. Let individ-uals be honest, and corporations will not wrong anybody. Ł * - Congress and the World's Fair Once More. TO-DAY, January 10, the House Com-mittee on the World's Fair gave the first of the four hearings to be held this week on the question of Sunday at the World's Fair. At the appointed hour there was present a committee from the common council of the city of Chicago, delegated to represent the city, in this matter, be-fore the House Committee and Congress. There were also present a considerable number of representatives of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, and others. Congressman Durborow, Chairman of the committee, opened the hearing by say-ing :Š I think it would be proper to state to the com-mittee that the present case is somewhat different from the case as presented a year ago, and that the proposition before the committee, is to modify ex-isting lawŠnot create law, as was the case a year ago. Therefore the discussion before the com-mittee, on this occasion, it is expected, will be held very closely within the lines of modification presented by the resolution before the committee, which provides for the modification of the closing of the gates of the Columbian Exposition on Sun-day by permitting them to be opened under restric-tions as stated in this resolution. The resolution, copies of which were placed on the committee room table, was House Resolution 163, which reads as follows :Š To provide for opening the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday. WHEREAS, by an act of Congress approved Auguflt fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety-two, five millions of Columbian half dollars were appropriated to pro-vide for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Co-lumbus by holding an International Exposition of arts, industries, manufactures, and products of the soil, mine, and sea in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, on the condition that the said Ex-position shall not be opened to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; and WHEREAS the World's Columbian Exposition was not authorized, nor has the work of preparation been prosecuted, for the promotion of local inter-ests, but on the contrary is purely of a national and international character and designed to promote the best interests, not only of all the people of our own nation, but of all the nations of the world who are to take part in, and contribute to, said Ex-position; and WHEREAS within said Exposition there will be representations of all that is good and useful, beauti-ful and artistic, all of which will be object lessons in science, art, education, and history such as are not likely to be again offered to the present gener-ation; and as said Exposition should be so con-ducted, managed, and controlled as will best promote the social, moral, and educational interests of all the people: Therefore, Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That section four of "An act to aid in carrying out the act of Congress ap-proved April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, entitled `An act to provide for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus by holding an International Exposition of arts, industries, manufactures, and products of the soil, mine, and sea in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois,' and appropriating money therefor," be, and the same is hereby, repealed. SECTION 2. That it shall be, and is hereby, made the duty of the World's Columbian Commis-sion created by the act of Congress of April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, to make such rules or modification of the rules of said corporation known as the World's Columbian Exposition as will prohibit the use, on Sundays, of machinery, unnecessary manual labor, and all merchandising, and at the same time give oppor-tunity for the study of the highest standard of artistic and mechanical science; that the art gal- lery, horticultural building, and all other buildings in which exhibits of mechanical art are installed shall be thrown open to the public on each and every day during the entire term of the Exposition, and that each employee of said Exposition shall be given one day of each week for rest, study, or recreation. This, of course, ruled out entirely the question of the constitutional or moral principle involved. Nevertheless, Mayor Washburne expressed sound views upon this point in two or three terse and very effective sentences?  4s did also President 