148 AMERICAN SENTINEL the qualified voters present, at which he wilt do the counting. " Finally, Congregationalists are apparently furnished with a 'governing religious body' in the American Con-gregational Union, and Baptists with a 'governing reli-gious body' in the Baptist Missionary Convention. We say apparently, for one section seems to make this pro-vision, another seems to recognize that there are some denominations which have no governing religious body, and by one act in 1896 the Baptists appear to be taken out from the operation of this law altogether, and by an-other act to be put back under its operation. It is, at all events, provided that if any church `has failed for two consecutive years to maintain religious services accord-ding to the discipline, customs, and usages of such gov-erning body, or has had less than thirteen resident at-tending members paying annually pew rent, or making annual contribution toward its support,' it may be de-clared by such governing body to be extinct, and the body may proceed to take possession of its property `and apply the proceeds thereof to any of the purposes to which the property of such governing religious body is devoted.' "Under this law members of a Congregationalchurch who have ceased for years to attend upon its services, but have not been stricken from its rolls, may be brought in at any time to outvote those who have regularly at-tended and regularly contributed to its support. They may fix the salary of the pastor, may employ and dis-charge or fix the salaries of any other officers, they may, indeed, give any directions not inconsistent with positive law; and the trustees haveno option except to obey. "So the pastor, instead of being any longer one of the brethren, having leadership only in spiritual affairs, is given a control wholly foreign to the spirit of Congre-gationalism. He determines who can vote, and he may keep the polls open as long as may be necessary to drum up voters to support him in a contested election. In his absence the oldest person who bolds any church office be-comes presiding officer in his place. There is not even any distinction between the kind of officers, after the church is once organized. The oldest and most decrepit man or woman who has been intrusted with any little office in the church has the right to take the chair and do all the counting. No appeal lies from the decision thus made, except by taking the case into the Supreme Court. " Finally, the whole idea of independency, which is fundamental to both Congregational and Baptist disci-pline, is past aside. The churches are no longer free to determine their own creed, ritual, and method of govern-ment. They are required to conform to the `discipline, customs, and usages of such governing body,' although the very essence of Congregationalism is that there is no governing body and that no church is under any obliga-tion to conform to any discipline, customs, or usages, but is a pure, spiritual democracy, with no law over it but the law of Christ, to be interpreted by itself. Thus the independence of Congregational and Baptist churches, so nobly maintained during a struggle of two centuries, and never questioned in the third century of their exist-ence, is destroyed at a blow by a piece of secret legisla-tion, pushed through without attracting the slightest public attention. The legislation would not be worse if the law forbade bishops to exercise any supervision in an  Episcopal church, or abolished the Session, Presbytery and Synod, and General Assembly in the Presbyterian Church and required all churches to be independent. " The Congregational and the Baptist churches should at once take this matter up; Łthey should discuss it in their church and associational meetings; they should study this law and understand its bearings; they should seek the counsel of the best ecclesiastical lawyers, and then they should make common cause to secure the abolition of a statute which might well be entitled ' An Act to Abolish Independency and to Secure Uniformity of Church Government and Worship in all Independent Churches.' " Doubtless the authors of this legislation had ,no intention of abolishing Congregationalism in this State; and that this has been virtually done, as the Outlook declares, only illustrates how easily the power of the State may be made to invade religious freedom. The State has of course the right to legislate in regard to religious corporations, covering the merely civil relation which such bodies bear as corporations to the State. But the State has no 'shadow of right to undertake to regulate the internal affairs of a church as it would those of a corporation. Very likely the State has been moved to this kind of legislation by a disposition on the part of the churches to make use of the State's power in the regulation and settlement of church matters. Let the Church rely upon the power and wisdom of God for her success ; and let the State refrain from any intrusion upon the affairs of the Church. A One-Day-In-Seven Rest Bill. A CIRCULAR has been sent out in Massachusetts by a committee of Lowell citizens, asking cooperation in securing the passage of the following bill, which has been introduced into the State legislature, under the title, "An Act to better secure a rest-day for working people" :Š " SECTION 1. No county, town, city, municipal orŁ other corporation, organized, located, or doing business in the Commonwealth, and no official, agent, or servant of corporation, or of the Commonwealth, shall directly or indirectly cause orŁ allow any person to perform labor, either under contract or otherwise, for such corpora-tion or the Commonwealth, more than six days in a week. "SECTION 2. Any corporation or person violating the provisions of this Act shall be punished by a fine of not less than $50 nor more than $100 for each vio-lation. "SECTION 3. This act shall take effect July 1,1897." The movement to secure this legislation, it is stated, was inaugurated at a meeting of the General Association of Congregational churches of Massachusetts, held at Fall River last May. The circular states that "while this bill will not secure to them [workingmen] all we desire, looking at it as Christians from a religious standpoint, yet we are satisfied it is all that can be obtained by leg-islation at the present time." 