18 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Yes, it is true, Mayor Rankin did enun-ciate a great principle the great prin-ciple of selfishnessŠwhich is the basis of all Sunday laws. Again says Mr. Crafts :Š An advocate of the Sunday opening of the World's Fair says that " the Mohammedan ought to be at liberty to make himself at home on Sundays in this non-religious Fair," And to this he replies :Š But why not let the thousands of Christians who work six days in the week about the Fair have " lib-erty" to be at home on that home day ? Why, they can have that liberty easy enough. What is to hinder the managers of the Fair from employing people on Sunday 'who have not worked the other six days of the week about the Fair ? That would be easy enough. We know a street-car company which does that very thing. It would be perfectly easy for the man-agers of the Fair to lei; all the people who work six days in the week about the Fair have liberty to stay at home on Sunday. But that would never satisfy Mr. Crafts and his fellow-workers. That is not the kind of personal liberty they want to see established. The only kind of personal liberty that they know anything about is that in which everybody is compelled to do as they want to do. Aud " there is nothing selfish in that." No, indeed. Next he says :Š The Republic cannot endure without morals, nor morals without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without law. Well then, if religion cannot endure without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without law, then what is it but religion, that they want the Sunday laws for ? This is another of his statements that an-nihilates his theory of the civil Sabbath. And this statement he supports with the following " simon pure " National Reform doctrine :Š The right of the Sabbath to be by law is strengthened when we remember that this is un-questionably a Christian Nation. Certainly a na-tion as well as a person, has religious liberty, liberty to have a religion. . . . But Christian morality is recognized as common law, and the Sabbath is protected as the reservoir of that morality. To re-pudiate the union of Church and State does not necessitate a " secular" union of the State to the devil. . . . In the words of Dr. Lyman Abbott: " We run up the Puritan flag, and emblazon on it the motto of a modern and modified Puritanism; a State Christian, but not ecclesiastical; with faith, but no creed; reverence, but no ritual; a recognized religion, but no established church. This is a batch of statements that is just about as full of nonsense and self-contra-diction as anything can possibly be. I. This is not a Christian Nation. There is not a State, nor a city, nor a town, nor a village in the Union that is Christian. And this the National Reformers and all other people know. 2. A nation, in the sense. here used, has not liberty -to have religion. Such a thing is impossible. The only way that a nation, in the sense here used, can have a religion, is to have some sect get control of the  civil power, and force upon everybody else the religion of that sect. 3. A. flag of Puritanism as a religion, ought never to be seen again; not even with the motto of modern and modi-fied Puritanism. The modern and modi-fied form of it is just as wicked as the original and unmodified form. In the original they hung placards on the breasts of people who did not choose to conform to the religious views of the ma-jority; and in the modern, as represented in Mr. Crafts's own words, they propose to do the same thing. In his book on the Civil Sabbath he has a placard printed in big black letters, which reads : " To be hung on the breast of every one who buys postage stamps, cigars, provisions, or what-not on the Sabbath." And it is for sale by the hundred, for the " modern and modi-fied " Puritans to hang on the breasts of their neighbors. 4. A State cannot be Christian. When-ever it has been attempted to make it so, it never could be done without making it ecclesiastical, and it will be so till the end of time. It has been tried often enough to demonstrate this to the observant mind. That is the very proposition that was made to Constantine when he suffered the bishops to palm off on him the theory of a Christian State. It should be Christian but not ecclesiastical; but it became eccle-siastical, and when they made the proposi-tion they intended it should be so. It is singular how men who can read can hide their eyes to this the most important les-son that history can possibly teach. 5. With faith but no creed. Now the word " creed " comes from credo, which means " I believe," and faith is belief. Belief is faith. This statement of Dr. Abbott's simply says that he will have be-lief with no faith. Perhaps he will. O. The idea of a recognized religion without an established church is the same as a " State Christian but 'not ecclesiasti-cal." It means in fact a recognized relig-ion with an established church. Because just as certainly as any religion is recog-nized by the State and made the favorite of the State, just so certainly will the hypocrite and the political demagogue join themselves to the church in which that religion is recognized, to such an ex-tent as to give it control of the civil power and that power will be used in the inter-ests of that church, and will inevitably create an established church. Again Mr. Crafts says :Š If a law is for the "general welfare" it ought to be no objection even to a secularist that it is also favorable to religion. But no law that is favorable to religion can ever be for the general welfare. Every such law that ever was made has been against the general welfare, a curse to society and to the State. Once more, in speaking of the several reasons which justify Sunday laws he de-clares that " the religious obligation is the  basis of them all in the public conscience." Isn't it singular that these men will persist-ently hold forth their pretensions to a civil Sabbath when they can hardly write a complete sentence in reference to it with-out showing it to be religious and nothing else ? And it is yet more singular that there are so many people who think so little as not to be able to detect the hypoc-risy betrayed in such blundering preten- sions. A. T. J. Shall the State Teach Morals? THE pastor of a church in Bloomington, Illinois, sends us the following letter : To the Editor : Some one has had the goodness to send me three copies of THE SENTINEL. I assure you of my deep interest in the great questions of Sabbath observ-ance, and religion in the common schools ; and my convictions are clear and strong that THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is on firm ground touching these ques-tions. In a sermon preached to my congregation on last Sabbath night on our free schools, I asked the ques-tion, which has met with much favorable comment, whether or not the denominational bickerings over religion in the schools could not be hushed if the State Boards of Education were to authorize the publication and use of a text-book for our schools which shall embody the moral sentiments common to all men, and require pupils to pass their exam-ination thereon, not theoretically only, but in character ? The book could take a positive character and em-body something as follows, confirmed and illus-trated by hundreds of the noblest spirits of our American commonwealth, namely: Thou shalt tell the truth always. Thou shalt deal justly and hon-estly with thy fellow-men, always. Thou Shalt abhor meanness, trickery, and moral and physical pollution. Thou shalt be manly, womanly, gener-ous, upright, forgiving, sweet-tempered, modest in demeanor (decorum), and scores of other kindred sentiments which ennoble society, and act as con-servators of that spirit in society and the State which insures safety to our institutions. The clamor of denominationalism in the name and guise of religion for place and power might be hushed by such a book. Certain it is that, with the Roman' Catholics on one side demanding their re-ligion, and the Methodist Church on the other hand demanding-  theirs, we are likely to come into a boiling and bubbling of our school interests which will leave us without any free schools. Could you think that the preparation and use of such a book, as named, would be practicable ? Very truly yours, H. 0. HOFFMAN. We appreciate the good opinion of THE SENTINEL expressed by our correspondent, but fear that he does not fully understand our position. The plan that he proposes, is, in our opinion, impracticable, and we might add that we think, fortunately so. The moral precepts enumerated by Mr. Hoffman are all good. All this, and much more, should be taught to every child ; but this should not be done by the State. Moral precepts cannot be taught dog-matically, and would be of little value if so taught. Morals must have a sanction, that is, moral precepts must be based upon some acknowledged authority. Teach either children or adults that they must always' 