THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 171 essentially American naturally pertained to America. This being the case, what right have other nations with our prop- erty ? Isn't it about time the Government was sending armed cruisers to the different ports of the world, with the demand that these nations immediately relinquish their claims to our "American " Sunday ? Pa-triotism must not be allowed to degenerate in this country, and it is clearly the height of disloyalty to allow our "American" in-stitutions to be boldly appropriated in this vay. But, according to Dr. MacArthur, it is a crime against the whole human race to oppose this " American " Sunday. How is this ? If it is not distinctively Ameri-can, then it has no business to be so termed, either by Dr. MacArthur or by any one else. If it is American. property, then it is clearly unpatriotic in us to allow it to be used as anything else than an American institution by other nations. And yet, whoever opposes it is "an enemy of the race." Does this mean that the sceptre of universal government is to be wielded over all the world by this country? ,or does it mean that the advocates of Sun-day laws blow hot and cold so often on the same question that they can not see the contradictions in their own arguments? An institution can of right be effective only within the limits of the power which has created or ordained it. This being the case, Dr. MacArthur gets things sadly mixed when he declares that the individ-ual who opposes the American Sunday is "an enemy of God." Why should this be, if Sunday is an " American " institu-tion and simply a " civil matter " ? Does Dr. MacArthur believe that God has sur-rendered his authority into the hands of this Government, that it may thus assume jurisdiction over the rest of the world and enforce its institutions (the " American " Sunday especially) upon all men ? This conclusion is so preposterous as to be scarcely worthy of a moment's notice; yet it is, nevertheless, a fair inference drawn from the Doctor's own words. If this be denied, however, then only one other opin-ion can be held, and that is, that it is the religious observance of the day which is causing him so much concern, after all. Inasmuch as these words were spoken at a meeting held under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union, which is itself a powerful auxiliary of the National Reform party, and engaged, in the same work, we can safely adopt them as out-lining the policy of all National Reform work, so called: It is, when stripped of all disguise, simply an effort to pass laws to enable human authority to assume di-vine prerogatives; to clothe itself with civil power to enforce its own interpreta-tion of the divine will. It is the carrying out of the same principles which gave rise to the tyrannical rule of Romanism in the early centuries of the Christian era, and is a shameful backward step to take by  those who share in the enjoyment of the civil and religious rights of the present century. So surely as these principles are ever allowed to prevail again, and espe-cially in our own Government, so surely may we expect a re-enactment of the scenes which have caused the memory of the Dark Ages to come down to us stained with the blood of martyrs and lurid with the light of the fires which were kindled to coerce, the consciences of honest men. J. W. SCOLES. Graysville, Tenn. Sunday Street Cars in Philadelphia. THE Law and Order Society, of Phila-delphia, has inaugurated a new movement against Sunday street cars in that city. The following facts we condense from the New York Sun:Š The running of street cars in Philadel-phia on Sunday has been rendered possible only through a legal loophole. As far back as April 15, 1859, a local offender named Jeandelle was arrested for driving a Green Street car on a Sunday afternoon. Arraigned for his offense before a police magistrate, the aid of the Supreme Court was invoked under authority of a writ of habeas corpus. Jeandelle had been charged with disorderly conduct in having violated the act of 1794. The lawyer contended that Jeandelle violated the law of 1794 in an orderly, and not in a disorderly fashion. The Judge finally discharged the prisoner. Nothing further was done about the matter for eight years, when a citizen named Sparhawk took the popular ag-itation in hand, and demanded of the Supreme Court an injunction against the Union Passenger Railway Company, which he alleged was putting the law of 1794 at defiance, by running cars on Sunday, at long and irregular inter-vals, through the otherwise quiet streets of Philadelphia. Judge Strong granted a temporary injunction, but an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, and the full bench of Judges heard the interesting argument. Judge Thompson delivered the opinion of the Court, which was, it appears, elaborate in its treatment of the subject. " I fully concede," declared Judge Thompson, "that the opinion of my brother Strong, and the law and authorities re-ferred to by him, establish very clearly that the business of running c.ars on the Lord's day commonly called Sunday, is a viola-tion of the act of 1794. Driving a public conveyance for hire on Sunday, is a viola-tion of the act inflicting the penalty of $4 for performing worldly employment on the Lord's day commonly called Sunday. Rest and quiet on the Sabbath day with the right and privilege of public and pri-vate worship, undisturbed by any mere worldly employment, are what the statute was passed to protect." " Unfortunately, however," says the Sun, " for the cause of tranquility, soberness, and sleep, the in- evitable Philadelphia lawyer, the paid emissary of darkness, the subsidized cham-pion of corporate recklessness and greed, and the ready apologist for offending drivers and conductors, was on hand with his familiar scheme of legal cunning. He averred that an injunction was an equitable relief in a case where no remedy existed at law; and as, in this instance, there was a remedy at law ($4 fine) no injunction should be granted. The Court took this view of the case and threw Mr. Sparhawk's suit, so to speak, into the Susquehanna." Baffled at this point the opponents of street car running on Sunday did nothing for the next fourteen years; but recently Mr. Vail of the Law and Order Society appeared upon the scene and arranged the preliminaries for another tussle with these corporations. His attitude is defined by our learned contemporary, the Philadel-phia Times, in these words :Š Mr. Vail resolutely contends that there is no necessity for Sunday cars, not even for people who attend divine worship. They should all live near the church they attend or attend the church that is near them. It should never be necessary for a pastor to take a car to deliver a sermon. He should reside near his church. It is not to be supposed that, concerning a matter of such importance, all minds should be of one accord in Philadelphia, and it is therefore not easy to ascertain how popular sentiment in that town, now fully aroused, against the running of cars on Sundays, will manifest itself, whether in the destruction of the the cars them-selves, the tearing up the tracks, the social ostracism of the offending drivers and conductors, the devastation of the homes of the stockholders, or by recourse to more pacific though less promising measures of a more commonplace charac-ter. " I do not know," so Mr. Vail is reported, " that any proceedings are, for the present, to be taken against the run-ning of street cars on Sunday." The Rev. Dr. Fernley, however, has called a meeting of the Law and Order Society, and it is stated that he is " determined to push the Sunday movement for all there is in it." Another Sunday Association. IN addition to the National Reform As-sociation, the American Sabbath Union, the Chicago Sunday Rest League, and a number of allies in the shape of the Sab-bath Observance Department of the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, and the Sunday planks in the prohibition plat-forms, the " Columbian Sunday Associa-tion, another church organization for the creation of public sentiment in favor of Sunday legislation, has recently sprung into being." Rev. James P. Mills is advertised as Financial Secretary of this Association, with office at 185 Dearborn Street (fifth floor), Chicago, Ill. This same gentleman in 1886-88 acted as District Secretary of the National Reform Association. In 1889 