532 AMERICAN SENTINEL. as well as in Cuba, was obliged to stand far more than a second campaign. Now another question is, If the Filipinos should be able to compel the United States to drag along for a considerable time unsuccessful; if they should be able for a considerable time to maintain such an unsettled condition of affairs as-  they have so far caused, thus materially interfering with the commerce of the great nations; is there not a possibility of the intervention there, of some of those great nations after the example of the intervention of the United States between Spain and Cuba? Is there not a possibility that the example set by the United States in intervention, may prove to be "catching " ? By her victories over Spain the United States has won a standing among the great nations of the earth, and has forced their recognition of her in such standing. Yet for all this the United States has no more of the love of the nations than she had before. Rather she has far less. And those nations will be glad of a chance Šthe first chance or any chance that offersŠat which they can surely distress, perplex, or humble her. There is another matter in which the United States has taken the initiative, and in which she has been also insistent, which may yet be taken advantage of by the European nations to distress, perplex, and even humble her: that is, International Arbitration. Even at the very threshold of the establishing of the international arbitration principle and tribunal, the United States found it necessary to close an opening that might give entrance to thisŁ very thing: and the detection of this possible opening, by the United States delegates, was instantly proclaimed and lauded as not only a decisive diplomatic victory, but as a plainly served notice upon the European nations that although the United States was new in international proceedings, she was not a novice. However all that may be, the point worthy to be considered is that when such observant and critical watchfulness must be maintained at the very threshold, what will be called for further on? and will the United States be able to save herself always, as she did in this initial instance? If the course upon which the United States has entered in the world's affairs, does not end in her being humbled to the very duet, it will not be because the European nations do not desire it, nor even because she herself has not given to them cues which can easily lead them to hope that they may accomplish it. A. T. J. THE Prohibition Party of Pennsylvania has joined itself to the party that is working to remodel the Gov-ernment from a republic to a theocracy. At its State convention held in Philadelphia last July, it placed the following declaration at the head of its political plat-form:Š "The Prohibition Party of Pennsylvania in State Convention assembled, acknowledge Almighty God as the rightful and Supreme Ruler of the universe, to whose laws all human enactments should conform." Will the United States Maintain Polygamy and Slavery? THE United States claims possession of the Philip-pine Islands by virtue of the treaty with Spain. To repudiate that would be to throw away the basis upon which the Government seeks to justify its course in the Philippines before the world. But to stand by the treaty, also involves the United States in a dilemma, for under it this Government is obliged to maintain the Sultan of Sulu, a Mohammedan and polygamist, at a salary of $4,900 a year; and also the system of slavery which prevails in that island of the Philippine group. The facts of the situation are set out in the following narrative of an interview between the Sultan of Sulu and Philippine commissioner Jacob G. Schurman, just back from the Philippines, which we copy from The World, of this city:Š " 'He received us cordially. We went through two rooms and were then seated in the reception room. I sat on a lounge and the Sultan seated himself, while a-score of his household guards stood behind him. They were big, muscular, brave-looking fellows, and each one had a big knife handle sticking out of his belt. " 'I told him that Spain had ceded its rights in the Sulu group to the United States and that we could carry out the same treaty terms he had made with Spain. He said that was all right, but for one thing; he would 1.**e to have some customs revenues and increased pensions, and, therefore, he wanted an island of the group in which he could have a port to collect tariff customs. The only port in the group is the city of Sulu and that is a free port. " 'The reason the Sultan gave for wanting that port was that he had twelve wives and it took a good deal of money to support them. Already they were learning Occidental extravagance in dress and were pestering the life out of him for foreign finery. "'Another reason for wanting this port for its reve-nue was that he wished to go to Mecca to make his pilgrimages, and that, too, costs money. °"The treaty with the Sultan which the United States became a party to, as Spain's successor, provides that he and his chiefs, shall receive about $5,000 annually. The Sultan has many subjects in Borneo also, and the North British Borneo Company pays him $5,000 a year to stay out of Borneo.' "Mr. Schurman was asked whether or not the system of slavery in the Sulu Islands is likely to be disturbed by the United States Government. "'I am not in a position to answer that question,' he replied. 'I assured the Sultan that all of his rights would be preserved as defined under the treaty with Spain, and he seemed contented. " 'Slavery, as it is practised in the Sulu. Islands, is not the cruel, inhuman slavery. On the contrary, it is 