THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 us to watch carefully against its earliest indi-cation. With these different religious views, the committee are of opinion that Congress cannot interfere. It is not the legitimate prov-ince of the Legislature to determine what religion is true, or what false. " Our Government is a civil, and not a religious institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own re-ligion, and to enjoy it freely, without molesta-tion. Whatever may be the religious senti-ments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the Gov-ernment, so long as they do not invade the rights of others. The transportation of the mail on the first day of the week, it is be-lieved, does not interfere with the rights of conscience. The petitioners for its discontinu-ance appear to be actuated by a religious zeal, which may be commendable if confined to its proper sphere; but they assume a position better suited to an ecclesiastical than to a civil institution. They appear in many instances to lay it down as an axiom, that the practice is a violation of the law of God. Should Congress in legis-lative capacity adopt the sentiment, it would establish the principle that the Legislature is a proper tribunal to determine what are the laws of God. It would involve a legislative decision on a religious controversy, and on a point in which good citizens may honestly differ in opinion, without disturbing the peace of society or endangering its liberties. If this principle is once introduced, it will be impossible to define its bounds. "Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God. To pre-vent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has wisely withheld from our Government the power of defining the divine law. It is a right reserved to each citizen; and while he respects the rights of others, he cannot be held amenable to any human tri-bunal for his conclusions. Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object, are, im the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establish-naent of a principle, which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly ap-prehended that the future measures of the Gov-ernment will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influ-ence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastro-phe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence. "Under the present regulations of the Post-office Department, the rights of conscience are not invaded. Every agent enters volun-tarily, and it is presumed conscientiously, into the discharge of his duties, without in-termeddling with the conscience of another. Post-offices are so regulated that but a small proportion of the first day of the week is re-quired to be occupied in official business. In the transportation of the mail on that day, no one agent is employed many hours. Re-ligious persons enter into the business with-out violating their own consciences or impos-ing any restraints upon others. Passengers in the mail stages are free to rest during the first day of the week, or to pursue their jour-neys at their own pleasure. While the mail is transported on Saturday, the Jew and the Sabbatarian may abstain from any agency in carrying it, on conscientious scruples. While it is transported on the first day of the week, another class may abstain, from the same re- ligious scruples. The obligation of Govern-ment is the same on both these classes; and the committee can discover no principle on which the claims of one should be more re-spected than those of the other; unless it be admitted that the consciences of the minority are less sacred than those of the majority. "It is the opinion of the committee that the subject should be regarded simply as a ques- tion of expediency, irrespective of its religious bearing. In this light it has hitherto been considered. Congress has never legislated upon the subject. It rests, as it ever has done, in the legal discretion of the Postmaster-Gen-eral, under the repeated refusals of Congress to discontinue the Sabbath mails. His knowl-edge and judgment in all the concerns of that department, will not be questioned. His in-tense labors and assiduity have resulted in the highest improvement of every branch of his department. It is practiced only on the great leading mail routes, and such others as are necessary to maintain their connections. To prevent this, would, in the opinion of the com-mittee, be productive of immense injury, both in its commercial and political, and also its moral bearings. The various departments of government require, frequently in peace, al-ways in war, the speediest intercourse with the remotest parts of the country; and one important object of the mail establishment is to furnish the greatest and most economical facilities for such intercourse. The delay of the mails one whole day in seven would re-quire the employment of special expresses, at great expense, and sometimes with great un-certainty. "The commercial, manufacturing, and agri-cultural interests of the country are so inti-mately connected as to require a constant and most expeditious correspondence betwixt all our seaports, and betwixt them and the most interior settlements. The delay of the mails during the Sunday would give occasion for the employment of private expresses, to such an amount that probably ten riders would be em-ployed where one mail stage would be run-ning on that day, thus diverting the revenue of that department into another channel, and sinking the establishment into a state of pu-sillanimity incompatible with the dignity of the Government of which it is a department. "Passengers in the mail stages, if the mailsŁ are not permitted to proceed on Sunday, will be expected to spend that day at a tavern upon the road, generally under circumstances not friendly to devotion, and at an expense which niany are but poorly able to encounter. To obviate these difficulties, many will em-ploy extra carriages for their conveyance, and become the bearers of correspondence, as more expeditious than the mail. The stage,  proprietors will themselves often furnish the travelers with those means of conveyance; so that the effect will ultimately be only to stop the mail, while the vehicle which conveys it will continue, and its passengers become the special messengers for conveying a considera-ble portion of what otherwise constitutes the contents of the mail. Nor can the committee discover where the system could consistently end. If the observance of a holiday becomes incorporated in our institutions, shall we not forbid the movement of an army; prohibit an assault in time of war; and lay an injunction upon our naval officers to lie in the wind while upon the ocean on that day? Consist-ency would seem to require it. Nor is it cer-tain that we should stop here. If the princi-ple is once established, that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legisla-tive acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Christian ministers, if we believe  such measures will promote the interests of Christianity. It is the settled conviction of the committee, that the only method of avoid- ing these consequences, with their attendant train of evils, is to adhere strictly to the spirit of the Constitution, which regards the general Government in no other light than that of a civil institution, wholly destitute of religious authority. What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which Government cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them. "Let the National Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a relig-ious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World. "Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion, for enforcing religious observances. Let the professors of Christian-ity recommend their religion by deeds of be-nevolence, by Christian meekness, by lives of temperance and holiness. Let them combine their efforts to instruct the ignorant, to relieve the widow and the orphan, to promulgate to the world the gospel of their Saviour, recom-mending its precepts by their habitual exam-ple; Government will find its legitimate ob-ject in protecting them. It cannot oppose them, and they will not need its aid. Their moral influence will then do infinitely more to ad-vance the true interests of religion, than any meas-ure which they may call on Congress to enact. The petitioners do not complain of any in-fringement upon their own rights. They en-joy all that Christians ought to ask at the'  hands of any GovernmentŠprotection from all molestation in the exercise of their relig-ious sentiments. "Resolved, That the committee be discharged from any further consideration of the subject." The Annual Convention of the National Reform Association. -THE largest, and in many respects the most important, convention of representative Na-tional Reformers ever held in this country, was the recent annual meeting, in "Association Hall," Fifteenth and Chestnut Streets, Philadel-phia, on the 24th, 25th, and 26th days of April last, the result of what was denomi-nated the " Call for a National Conference on the Christian Principles of Civil Government." All those present seemed to so regard it, al-though it was represented as.  being designed only as a prelude to a much larger and far more important assembly, to be convened in some more central city of the Union at no distant day. The program appeared to have been gotten up for the purpose of discussing from their point of view the entire range of subjects em-braced in National Reform. In fact, fears were expressed in the response to the address of welcome, that the audience might be be-wildered by the " wonderful scope of the program." In their various phases, were discussed the School Question, Religion or Christianity as Related to Politics and Politi-cians, Christ's Kingship, Woman's Work for Christ, the Temperance Question, the Chinese 