THE SENTINEL OF' 1./II3ERT: 643 " CHILDLIKE PEOPLE." IT is becoming quite common now to hear the inhabitants of the colonies of the United States re-ferred to with those terms which are applicable to the state of childhood. The Outlook, of New York, in its issue of October 4, speaks of the people of the Philippines as " Childlike people." The writer recently heard an address by a well-known public man, who is himself sometimes spoken of as " a beardless youth," which was liberally interspersed with such terms as "our wards," "these children," etc. A few days afterwards my eyes fell upon these words of Thomas De Quincey, written in 1821: " Those nations whose upper classes speak pater-nally and caressingly to the working classes, and to servants in particular, do so because they speak from the lofty stations of persons having civil rights to those who have none. Two centuries back, when a military chieftain addressed his soldiers as 'my he'did so because he was an irresponsible des-pot exercising uncontrolled powers of life and death. From the moment when legal rights have been won for the poorer classes, inevitable respect on the part of the higher classes extinguishes forever the affec-tionate style which, belongs naturally to the state of pupilage or infaritine bondage." The conclusion is obvious: The use of such terms marks a condition of affairs approaching that which existed two Lenturies ago when irresponsible despots exercised uncontrolled powers of life and death. It is the natural language of men toward those whom they regard as far beloW them in rights and privi-leges. Now, it may not have occurred to those who are fond of using these paternal expressions, but never-theless it is true, that children are by no means the most lawless and unmanageable beings in the world. The qualities and attributes of childhood are not the dangers against which society must protect itself by the maintenance of, government. 'It is not for chil-dren that courts are instituted and prisons erected. venture to ,say that if so-called full-grown nations Were less " civilized " and more childlike there would be far more self-control and self-government mani-fested within' their borders and in their actions. There would be no assumption of arbitrary power with the excuse that it is to be exercised onlyover " childlike People." "Self-government and the in-7 alienable rights of men have little to fear from childlike people." 'They haves much to fear, how- ever, from those ``grown-up" people who insist that other people are children to be ruled by them at their pleasure. J. D. B. "The trust; what is it? It 'is the product of evolution, and as such is a part of the order of things. It has been coming for more than a hun-dred years, and seems 'to have reached its culmina-tion in men like Rockefeller. Everythings tends toward organization, and as soon as people have adjusted themselves to the new conditions they will be better than before. In my opinion the time is only a few years off when a few nations will rule the world:" Doctor Triggs is quite right when he cites the gentlemen named as men of genius, but that they are entitled torank with-Shakespeare, Homer, and Dante is 'not clear. Ability to accumulate property, to get and to keep, to lay under tribute thousands and tens of thousands of one's fellowmen, is' not of a high order, nor does such an example benefit the race. Life is not all lived in this world. The few brief years al-lotted to each Man here are only probationaryŠthe germinating time as it were of the mind which may go on expanding to all eternity. Creature comforts are needful, but they are only for a day compared with the eternal treasures of a well-stored mind. Material things are only transient, they endure, but WEALTH IN MONEY vs. WEALTH IN INTELLECT. IN a recent lecture before his class, Dr. Oscar L. Triggs, professor of literature at the University of Chicago, said: I am tired of hearing America criticised for its lack of artistic sense and creative power. Hereafter when people ask me who among Americans have shown a really wonderful creative genius and stand out head and shoulders above other men as Shakes-peare does, I shall point to John D. Rockefeller and George M. Pullman. "With their own individual intellects they have performed herculean tasks, and to-day their power is felt throughout the world. Shakespeare pictured to himself a scene and put it into words; these men conceived great indifstries, where thousands of men , might find employment in producing what millions of people need. Who' shall say that their genius was less' than the genius of Shakespeare? It has a far-reaching, practical influence, and in my opinion it will be just as lasting." Concerning trusts the professor said:- 