THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 631 which French institutions have been based since the Revolution of 1789?" the Duc de Broglie ,said: " It is evident, for exampleŠas the least reflec-tion is sufficient to warn usŠthat the church can never give her approval to the principle of an abso-lute equality between all forms of religious thought." " Without ever lowering the standard of her ideals, she-has always shaped her demands within the limits of what it was possible to hope for, or even of What it would be useful to obtain. On two points only has she been immovableŠliberty to preach the gos-pel and freedom of consience for the faithful." " Peace can be made between modern France and the church when it pleases France to accept the con-ditions." " I know, of nothing more significant than the satisfaction which he [the Pope] has several times publicly expressed on learning of the growing strength of Catholicism, in the United States. As-suredly he is far from approving, the principles of the American Constitution, with its absolute separa-tion of church and state in matters of religion." The Duc de Broglie is well informed on this sub-ject, and it is not at all likely that he misrepre-sented the position of the church, for he is a distin-guished Royalist and in years past has Made more than one attempt to force monarchical government upon France. He says, speaking with especial ref-erence to France and the United States, that ,the church can never give her approval to the principle of an absolute equality between 'all forms of relig-ious thought, and that her policy always has been to shape her demands only within the limits of what it was possible to hope or useful to obtain. This makes perfectly plain the outcry of Bishop McFaul and others who are pushing Catholic federation They have been made, in a few instances, to recognize that to which their church " can never give her approval "Š" the equality of all forms of religious thought "Šand it. grieves them ter-ribly. They know that it will be "useful" to ob- tain the removal of this outrage, and no doubt believe this to be "within the limits of what it is possible' to hope, for." Hence federation and the shaping of their demands. The One Aim of the Catholic Church. An eminent Catholic writer has declared in the United States that religious liberty is merely en-dured until the opposite can be carried into effect. That church has but one aim in every country, and that is to gain supremacy. This is her fixed policy,  and she adopts any methods that promise this result. This is her plain and avowed policy to-day as it has been throughout her history. She may be incon-sistent as to her means, but never as to her aim. Michelet, writing upon the conduct of the church in France, says that " in one single century, the six-teenth, Rome changed three times, throwing herself now to the right, now to the left, without either, pru-dence or decency. First, she gives herself up to the kings, next she throws-herself into the arms of the people; then again, she returns to the kings. Three lines of policy, but one aim." This aim is " the standard of her ideals " which is never lowered. Until the Catholic Church becomes satisfied with the fruits of liberty, and approves in very word and deed " the principles of the American Constitution, with its absolute separation of church and state," it will be necessary to conclude that such men as Mr. Malone, are far, very far in advance of the organi-zation with which they are identified, and that he is mistaken in supposing that the church has made ad-vancement commensurate with the enlightenment which has for a time removed the world from the intellectual and moral darkness of church-and-state absolutism. JOHN D. BRADLEY. THE 'TRIUMPH 'OF TRUTH. (Concluded.) LAST week we sought to make plain the fact that, truth triumphs in this world only through persecu-' tion and crucifixion; that it is sometimes down in the-utmost apparent defeat, but that it inevitably triumphs at last, if never fully before, at least in the final day when the " hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies; and the waters overflow their hiding place." It follows from this that he who stands by the truth when it is down in the Utmost apparent defeat, when the multitudes are crying "Crucify him, crucify him," he only is really a truth worshiper, and entitled to any share in the glory of the final triumph. All others are like those of old who forsook Hiin and fled in the hour of his crucifixion. The only hope for them is that they also, like those of old, return repentant, and stand faithfully by rejoicing even in the ignominy of the cross till it triumphs. In the fourth century the truth of the gospel was subverted and Crucified, the republican brotherhOod of the early church was gradually transformed into the papal imperialiSm; the spirit of sacrificing; serv- 