AMERICANlENTI1V EL. 125 to theology and not religion, and on which rests the whole scheme of Christ's position in the Church, is fast losing ground. The need of salvation is not a natural feeling, else there would be no need of revivals to create it. The belief rests entirely on authority and will be gradually cast aside, for beliefs founded on authority alone cannot live." Also this, spoken on Łthe same occasion:Š " The character of Jesus has suffered in this way. He has been attacked by skeptics as he never could have been had not too zealous believers lifted him out of the pale of humanity into Deity. Nobody would think of picking to pieces his beautiful sermons and the account of his life, had not the claim of absolute perfection been set up for himŠa claim he never advanced for himself." If religion is to be taught in the schools by college professors, it is pretty certain that it will be mainly the teaching of the "higher criticism." "Christian Endeavor" in Toronto. A TORONTO journal makes the following notes of a recent Christian Endeavor convention in that city:Š "At the first meeting of the Toronto Union, held after the regular annual meeting for the election of officers for the present year, a large portion of the time was devoted to devising ways and means for suppressing `Sabbath desecration,' as they were pleased to call honest civil em-ployment on the first day of the week. "Attention was directed particularly to good citizen-ship work by communication from the Westminster Pres-byterian and Cooke's societies. The communication 'of the former society spoke of the desecration of the sab-bath last summer in the public parks, and was referred to the Good Citizenship Committee, while the latter com-munication alluded to' the agitation raised by the city milkmen to have the Sunday milk delivered on Saturday. The Union heartily sympathized with the Dairymen's Association in their efforts to suppress Sunday labor, and passed a resolution to that effect. "The Good Citizenship Committee was given full power to act as it deemed best in the distribution of literature and the providing of scrutineers in the elections that are expected to take place at an early date on the question of Sunday cars and prohibition. "It was agreed that the banner which the Union in-tended presenting to the suggested Lord's Day Alliance canvass be reserved to be given as a reward for the best service by any society in the coming Sunday street-car contest, provided the soceties which had entered the com-petition previously announced consented to this arrange-ment. "The Union placed on record its approval of the aims and objects of the Lord's Day Alliance, and left each so-ciety to determineŠwith the approval of its own church authoritiesŠhow it could best assist the Alliance in for-warding its work." We are as strongly opposed to the desecration of the Sabbath as anyone can be, but We are more strongly opposed to the methods adopted by the Christian En-deavor Union for its suppression, even supposing the first day of the week to. be the Sabbath; We had supposed  that the work 'of suppressing sin was one which was ac-complished by the preaching of the gospel to the sinner, not by setting ourselves as spies to watch him; and when detected in sin, to set the police after him, instead of praying with him. ANOTHER great massacre is reported from the island of Crete, which has become the storm centre of European politics. This time, however, it is.  the Mohammedans who have been massacred by the " Christians." Two thousand of the former are reported slainŠmen, women, and childrenŠconstituting almost the entire poPulation of the town of Litia. 'We have not noticed any expres-sions of horror from Christendom over this occurrence. The term "Christian" is here applied to the perpetra-tors of this massacre with the same propriety as when it is used in designating the United States or any of the great powers as a "Christian nation." If the manner and spirit exemplified in the slaughter at Litia were Christian, then the use of that term as here mentioned is appropriate. But where was any such spirit ever exhib-ited by Christ ? Christians do not constitute a military power in this world, nor fight with' carnal weapons. REPRESENTATIVE ENGLEY, of the Colorado House, recently gave a somewhat startling variation' to the usual course of Sunday legislation by introducing a bill to make Sunday in that State, from a legal point of view, "a day for the rest, recreation, or amusement of the people, as they may see fit," and providing for the fining and imprisonment of "any person or persons in-terfering with the privileges and rights of the people as conferred by this act." The bill was defeated by only three votes. The attempt called out an attack from the Ministerial Alliance of Denver, who denounced the bill in strong terms. Evidently they have no desire for a taste of their own medicine BY statute and by the arbitrary will of .judges in "common law" decisions, the State of New York re-quires everybody to be idle at least one whole day each week. If any should be so altogether obstreperous as qui-etly to engage in perfectly honest laborŠin other words, if he should fail' to be idle on SundayŠthen, 'if he should refuse to pay a fine, he would be imprisoned, and so Coni:-pelled to be idle all the time. Surely it must be that the people of the State of New York think that idleness is the chief end of man. THE CatholieStandard and Tithes reports a professed Protestant doctor, of divinity who explains "the growing tendency among Protestants to take up doctrines of the Catholic Church" "as being due to the reaction, or swing-ing back of the pendulum, from the radical departure 