S A.miamicAN g1NucliNE114. VoL. 10, No. NEW YORK, JANUARY 3, 1895. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. ONE of the editors of the SENTINEL attended the Annual Convention of the National Reform Association at Newcas-tle, Pa., and has furnished a partial report, which appears on page 4. More extended reports will appear later. A TACOMA, Wash., barber, has contested the Sunday law in the courts of that State, and secured a decision from the Supreme Court that barbering on Sunday is not a violation of the law. His fellow-barbers are very much dissatisfied with the deci-sion. The immediate result will be the opening of all the shops on Sunday fore-noon. VOLUME 9 of the SENTINEL, containing the fifty issues of 1894, will be bound and ready in a few weeks. Only a limited number will be offered for sale, and the first to order will be the more sure of receiving the volume, which, carefully indexed, and bound with manilla paper cover, will be sent, post-paid, on receipt of $1.50. Cloth, leather back and corners, $2.50. WE have repeatedly promised our read-ers some account of the recent prosecution of a Seventh-day Adventist in Massa;chu-setts. We have postponed the matter to await the final result in the Court of Ap-peals. The case has been repeatedly post-poned, with semi-official promises of dis-missal. And thus the case still stands. We will make no more promises, but hope to print the defendant's plea soon. AT a recent Catholic meeting, presided over by the brother of Cardinal Vaughan, this question was asked :Š In the Bible we find that God set apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors and teachers, in the church; but we read nothing about a pope. Why this silence, if the papacy is of God ? To this question the priest replied, truly, that it would be an anachronism if the name " pope " were found in the Bible ; and then he retorted : " Where do you find anything in the Bible about keeping Sunday ?" The questioner subsided; but if he had only been Protestant enough to reply, " We do not find anything about Sunday in the Bible, and therefore we do not keep it," he would not have left the priest in possession of the field. The papacy and the Sunday are two institutions that go together, and both are unwarranted by the Bible. The Roman Catholics have an  unanswerable argument for the papacy for those who believe in Runday observ-ance. But they have no ground at all against those who hold to nothing that is not written in the Bible.ŠPresent Truth (London), Dec. 6. THE Transcript, of Portland, Me., re-ferring to the case of Elder H. P. Holser, the Adventist minister, imprisoned in Switzerland for Sunday work, says : " But they have a law, ostensibly favoring work-ingmen, which forbids ordinary labor on Sunday. Religious bigotry is able to use this to prevent the free exercise of the conscience." In like manner the Warren (Ill.) Sentinel, says of the same case : "Our own country seems to be not the only one where persecutions exist on ac-count of religious belief." IMPRISONED Seventh-day Adventists, like Joseph in Egypt, have been blessed with some manly, kind-hearted jailers. When the prison board at Paris, Tenn., voted to work four Seventh-day Advent-ist victims of Sunday laws in the chain-gang on the Sabbath, the sheriff refused to carry out the order, and threatened to resign if the execution of the order was insisted upon. He had such confidence in his seventh-day prisoners, that he left the key of the jail in their charge, and they locked themselves in at night. Robert R. Whaley and W. G. Curlett, the recent victims of the Sunday law of Maryland, were treated, if possible, better. Mr. Bryan, the sheriff, never locked them behind the bars either day or night. They were given a room and bed in his private apartments, and ate at his table; and, besides, were allowed to go to the post-office after their mail. And Mr. Whaley, whose child was taken very ill, near the close, of his term of imprisonment, was allowed to return to his home three days before the expiration of the sentence. All honor to Mr. Bryan. It takes a coura-geous heart, in a man elected by the people, to thus kindly treat men whom the pro-fessedly Prot'estant.churches have stamped as criminals. THE position was taken by a member of the National Reform Convention, recently held at Greensbury, Pa., that if Sunday laws were right because Sunday observers were in the majority, then laws enforcing the seventh day would be right if Sev-enth-day Adventists were in the majority. Dr. McAllister, the editor of the Christian Statesman, denied this, but comforted himself with the remark that they never would be in the majority. He was asked whether Seventh-day Ad-ventists ought to be permitted to teach their doctrines. He answered, " No; not if they are opposed to Christian laws. We must not permit any man on the plea of conscience to put himself in antagonism to the laws of the Government." Later,  he said, " We must get our civil officers to hunt down the violators of Sunday laws where there is a suspicion." Another speaker said, " To try to get Sunday laws obliterated from our statute books is treason." Thus, with the triumph of these modern inquisitors, not only freedom of action in religious matters, but freedom of speech will disappear. ONE of the latest accessions to the ranks of religious journalism is The Message, of Chicago, the sixth number of which has been issued. An indication of the charac-ter of this journal is supplied by the fol-lowing from its editorial columns :Š Our Anglican Church is steadily taking its place as the great, pure, Catholic Church of the American people as it is and ever has been the native Church of England. It is a debatable question as to whether we should try to proselytize from the Roman community, as they are a branch of the church, with priesthood and sacraments as valid as ours; but we cannot and must not refrain from giving a hearty welcome to all who believe that they can find a purer and more sat-isfying life within the Holy American Church. This is looking Romeward with a ven-geance. The Latest Issues of the Bible Students' Library. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER.ŠBy Mrs. E. G. White. Bible Students' Library, No. 125. This number contains precious instruction on this vital subject, which is so closely connected with Christian life and growth. It should be carefully and prayerfully read by every professed fol-lower of Christ. It is profitable reading for all. Price, 2 cents. Now ready. CHRIST AS PROPHET, PRIEST, AND KING. ŠBy Elder M. C. Wilcox. Bible Students' Library, No. 127. In this tract the author shows very clearly how Christ, as a di-vinely-appointed Teacher, Exemplar, and Saviour, conducted himself with relation to civil government, and what we may learn from his teaching and.example. Christ's work as Mediator during the time of his priesthood in the heavenly sanctuary, the nature of his present reign, and the work committed to his followers, are all dwelt upon. How will Christ's kingdom be set up ? Will it come through " the gateway of politics " ? by civil laws ? by the politics of nations ? by the manip-ulation of votes ? All these questions are fully answered, and Scripture evidence adduced in proof of positions taken. A most excellent little tract. Price, 2 cents. Now ready. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York; Oakland, Cal. ; or Kansas City, Mo. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 ' " " " ' - - - 80c 61 100 to 249 " " " 4 i - . 75c .. 250 to 499 " " " .6 :: . - - 70c Ł 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c.  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 