276 ANIErttc.A\_N rN78it_.4 VOL g, No. 35. Growth, Transformation, and Decay. " WHEN the control of reason is once removed, the catastrophe is no longer dis-tant, and then nations, like all organized creations, all forms of life, from the meanest flower to the highest human in-stitution, pass through the inevitably re-curring stages of growth, transformation, and decay."ŠFroude. To the truthfulness of this statement the mind of the careful student of history will at once assent. Reason, that grand gift of the Creator to man, that mighty weapon placed for the defense of truth, that substructure of all laws set for the protection of the God-given liberties and rights of the creatures of the Infinite, that powerful upholder of human institutions, the ground of our judgment, is the con-troller of all that secures to man the en-joyment of society and the exercise of the rights ordained of God to be specifically his own as a member of society. Take away the control of this, and the catastrophe is no longer distant; the stays are broken and the structure crumbles. In the nation, reason gives birth to growth, and in the growing time that which sustains life is but the continual exercise of the powers of reason. As long as legislators are actuated by reason un-alloyed, and not by any selfish or preju-diced motives, evidences-of prosperity are seen on every hand. Institutions for the advancement of both the nation and the individual spring into being almost spon-taneously, and multiply upon themselves many fold. The truth of the assertion that the powers that be are ordained of God, materializes before the eyes of men. Fruits are borne and results are obtained to the honor of the nation and of God. Visible signs portend a bountiful and glo-rious harvest, the first fruits of which are already beginning to be realized. Men begin to reap the benefits of the God-bestowed faculty of reason, conferred for the good of man and the glory of God. But let reason be dethroned, and alas for the feebleness of the race, omens of blight appear, the sad feature of which is that men mistake them for premonitions of the ripening harvest, and precursors of the approaching reaper. Unawares to all except to the assiduously and indefatiga-bly vigilant, a silent transformatibn is taking place, hastening on toward rapid decay. Men are lamentably indifferent. Either seized by a stupor, they relapse into apathy, or prompted by a zeal com-mendable in the defenders of truth, they rush blindly on, persisting in that which will inevitably lead to their own destruc-tion, and yet, sad to say, do not, or will not, take warning. What only can be their fate ? The conclusion is foregone. Here and there unmistakable indications of decay are already beginning to be de-tected by the wary. They point out the danger so surely ahead. Men seem to be either confident of their own position, or having started on the wrong road, are determined to see what is at the end, from which they will find, to their chagrin, when reached, there is no turning back, and will curse their existence. Reader, this is no fanciful sketch or imaginative dream. Look about you and see if you cannot detect the real, from the picture. Consider if this has not been, and is, the history of our once Queen of Nations. Her auspicious birth and re-markably swift growth and development, you will not question. Look carefully for  the presence of the blight, Study dilli-gently whether the last stages of the transformation are not now being passed through. Examine critically the course legislators are pursuing. Inspect closely the relations being assumed between the civil and the ecclesiastical. Search with anxious thought for the indications of decay. When discovered, point them out with all earnestness to your fellow-men. Will you let ruin come without raising a protesting voice ? Will you let your gar-ments be stained with the blood of de-struction in the fearful precipitation of your Nation to irretrievable ruin ? Will you yield in silence to the preposterous demands of religious bigotry and diabo-lism ? Or are you willing to face death rather than surrender your God-given liberty ? And will you study and point out to others the symptoms of that deadly contagion now spreading not only over our own fair land, but over the face of the whole earthŠthe cowering of civil sov-ereignty to ecclesiasticism ? Which ? W. E. HOWELL Catholics and Protestants to Elevate the American Sunday. IN the year 1884 the National Reformers made a bid for support from the Roman Catholic Church, as they could see a common interest between the Protestants and the Catholics. Here is the bid as it appeared in the Christian Statesman for August-of that year. The Rev. Mr. Scovel is the writer. He says: "This common interest ought to strengthen both our de-termination to work and our readiness to cooperate with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens. We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, for the time is not yet come when the Roman Catholic Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it." At that time the exact " form " in which they might be " willing to cooper-ate," was not so clear to them ; but they were willing to accept it in " any form," in which it might make an appearance. In a December number of the States-man, of the same year, the editor said : " Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly job:" hands with them." But what do they account as " political atheism " ? Because the National Constitution does not recognize the Deity and acknowledge "Christ as King of the Nation," and is not so framed as to "place all Christian usages . . . . in the fundamental law of the land," they are pleased to call that instrument " an embodiment of po-litical atheism." Thus it is clear that the Statesman would join hands with its Roman Catholic brethren in resisting the Constitution which guarantees our rights, and the Government of the United States builded upon these rights. This is proven by the fact that in the Statesman of July 22, 1893, Mr. Foster, a leading National Reformer, in speaking of the decision of the directors to open the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, said that this "emphasizes the duty of Christian citizens to separate themselves from organized political evil, by refusing to swear to support the United States Constitution, so long as it remains a compact of political atheism." And so it is a clear case, that  so long as the Constitution remains as it is, they are its sworn enemies. Although it was not at first so very clear to them as to how they could "coop-erate " with the Catholics " in resisting political atheism;" yet, three years later, at the congress of Catholic laymen, at Baltimore, Md., Nov. 10-12, 1889, the matter was made clear in the following words, as found in the platform, which was adopted with enthusiasm: " There are many Christian issues in which Cath-olics could come together with non-Cath-olics and shape legislation for the public weal. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overlooking zealotry, we should seek alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance." Thus was struck a chord that has.  met with a most hearty response. And, although there has been a difference of opinion as between a Puritan and a Catholic Sunday, in all the efforts of Protestants and Catholics in regard to Sunday, they have been working to the one common endŠ" proper Sunday observance." And when the gates of the World's Fair were closed they were per- fectly agreed; and met on common ground, as is proven by the following, from one of the editors of the Christian Statesman, of July 22, 1893; the other from Archbishop Ireland's paper, the Northwestern. Chron-icle, with only this difference; the States-man was the more enthusiastic of the two. The Statesman says: " Hallelujah ! The Lord God Omnipotent reigneth ! . .  Our readers will agree with us that this is a triumph for righteousness such as the world has seldom witnessed  A more conspicuous subversion of evil designs and triumph of righteousness it is not possible to conceive. Let God have all the glory." Now, there is not a par- ticle of glory in the whole thing ; but from the padded petitions, and threats of divine vengeance upon Congress in case of a refusal to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, down to the disgraceful and most unchristian method of the threatened boycott of the Fair and possible endless litigation coming on as a result, it is a shame and a disgrace to the Nation, and forebodes nothing but evil. And it is nothing short of blasphemy to ascribe glory to God, for there is no "triumph of righteousness" in it. But Bishop Ireland's paper also saw a " victory " in it, for it said : " The vic-tory is more important than it may appear to be at first glance. . . . The result of it alr is to insure the permanence of the Sunday, and the rest, the religion, the emancipated manhood of the poor man who toils from dawn to dusk six days of the week." And this is not all. One of the dailies of St. Paul, Minn., says :Š Starting with the victory achieved at Chicago, a movement should be made all along the line in this country for the more effectual consecration and setting aside of the first day of the week as a day of rest and of innocent recreation or worship, as individuals may be inclined. And so it is, that Protestants, Catholics, and the secular press agree that it was a victory for Sunday; and the result will be the elevation of Constantine's SundayŠthe " wild solar holiday of all pagan times,"Šand the Sunday of the Papacy; and for which everybody knows there is not a particle of proof in all the Bible. It is a pleasure to note, however, that all are not so biased toward the Sunday as not to be able to see facts as they exist. Another one of the great dailies of St. 