534 AMERICAN SENTINEL. more painful to think of our willingly converting our-selves into vassals of Rome; and that we may tolerate Rampolla, more than we might perhaps tolerate Presi-dent McKinley. "Some days past the English and Italian press gave account of the negotiations between the Vatican and the Washington government, to guarantee the contin-uance of the priests in the Philippine Islands, pretending to deny their nationality as Spaniards, and at the same time offering to the United States the influence of their exaggerated prestige, the which has carried us to an implacable civil war; and to the ruin of our colonial sovereignty. "Those religious orders which enjoyed the usufruct of the riches of the country; who converted' the Indian into a slave, only feigned to become one with the people, so as to be the better equipped to pry into every thing. The exalted governmental positions, such as Minister of the Treasury, Administration of Justice, Political Military Governor, Captain-General, Governors of Provinces, and all judges, were but toys in their hands to be removed at their [the priests'] discretion. They had to be consulted as to how the public adminis tration should be administered; until finally they had become such a terrible power, that no authority could exist for a moment that did not walk in accordance with their will. "The native priests lived in a despicable manner, boasting of wealth and splendor; and this ostentatious display was carried to such a degree as to cause a spirit of jealousy to arise in the hearts of some of the governor-generals. They daily rode in their carriages with vain airs, showing off their beautiful sack-coats and smoking cigars half a yard long. They, too, opposed every alter-ation in the public order, which had the appearance of being directed against them; and on some occasions they have instigated the assassination of the viceroy, if the latter dared to make the archbishop of the Archi-pelago his enemy. These, then, by whose ominous dom-ination so many thousands of Spaniards have died, and for whom Spain has suffered so many disasters; when they see Spain conquered, doubting the destiny that awaits them, hurry to place themselves on the safe side. "The Dominican fathers hunt widely, and since they have adopted such a providence, it proves they do not believe our dominion in the Luzon Isle is very estab-lished; still they will not be able to delude the Yankees with their pretended necessary prestige over the con-sciences of the Indians; and should this be the case, how poorly will they have been repaid for denying their na-tionality so as to claim Yankee citizenship. "We are not so sure as to whether these Catholic religious orders have the power to sell to any syndicate that which was acquired by them only by the special grace of the Spanish government. "There only lacks one thing to fill our bitter cup of shame, that is, that these religious communities, which are known to be powerfully wealthy, should have dis-posed of all their property to the Hong Kong bank, and should thus come out of the catastrophe with clean hands, saving even to the last cent of their collective fortune. We can tolerate a strange nation sucking the life blood and vitality from the poor, ruined country;  but it is unbearable to think that such is being done beneath the cloak of religion." What a bitter yet veracious arraignment to make against the "Holy Catholic Church"! yet all except the bigot can see how truthful are the accusations. Spain for long centuries has been blinded by paganish dogmas and.idolatries; now the Lord is preparing the hearts of the people to hear the gospel. The day is not far distant when poor, downtrodden Spain must have the eternal truths of God's Word de-clared unto her. The day has even arrived when a greater effort than ever should be made for all Spanish-speaking countries, so that the benighted, heretofore blinded inhabitants shall hear proclaimed in their own villages, the truth as it is in Jesus. Those who have never labored in the Hispano Amer-ican countries cannot grasp the difficulties that arise in the way of the preacher; still the divine power is omnip-otent, and we have that at our constant disposition. Let us think upon this, pray about it, and see if our hearts are not constrained to help with our time or money the evangelization of these truly dark corners of the earth. Argentine Republic. Progress Toward Religious Freedom in South America. BISHOP WARREN, of the M. E. Church, who is in charge of Methodist mission work in South America, in his last report from that field, speaks as follows concern-ing the progress made by the people there toward the attainments of religious freedom:Š "The thing that constantly impresses one more and more is the emancipation that all thinking people are working out for themselves from the tyranny of an ec-clesiastical organization that has held undisputed sway for three hundred years. On the one hand, the follies of the church, the gross superstitions inculcated, the fre-quent lack of common and necessary morals even in the clergy, and the utter failure to meet the conditions of advance in thought for men, contribute greatly to this result. On the other hand, the great tidal influences that are sweeping the human mind everywhere to-day toward freedom and development, the excellent schools that we have established in these countries, and the preaching of the gospel of power that has efficiency to change lives and dissipate even the darkness of the grave, have still further contributed to this end." "The opposition of the common people to the papal church in South America has reached such an extent as to obtain the notice of the pope at Rome. About a score of bishops were called to Rome early in May to consult in regard to what should be done. If these bishops had come together and discussed these matters in South America, there would have been a probability of some valuable conclusions beifg reached, at least much information would have been obtained. But they were called to discuss this question under the predomi-nating influence and stress ortheimPal power in Rome itself; they were confined to a:list tiu4stions drawn up 