226 THE .2VMERICA.N SENTINEL. donations. Besides this, to find a person who is ready to give money to the United States would be a thing about as new, under the sun, as is this idea that has suggested it. All _ things mentioned, or required in all these sections, are of little importance, however, Compared with the provisions of Section 10, which are as follows :Š Section 10, That no special sectarian belief or doctrine Shall be taught or promoted in said Uni-versity, but this prohibition shall not be deemed to exclude the study and consideration of Christian theology. This section provides at once for the national establishment of the Christian religion. The passage of such a bill by Congress would be the recognition of Christianity as a proper belief and doc-trine, and as the only form of theology, belief, or doctrine, worthy of study and consideration, from a national point of view, which would be at once a national recognition of Christianity ; and the na-tional recognition of Christianity, and the teaching of it at national expense and by national authority, would be but the es-tablishment of Christianity as a national religion. Theology is the science which teaches about God. But this declares that the. theology to be taught in this university shall be Christian theology. It is only the science of the Christians' God that shall be taught there. It is only the wisdom concerning the Christians' God that is to be studied and considered there. Therefore this section does as clearly and distinctly provide for the establishment of Christianity, its beliefs, its doctrines, and its views of God as anything can do. It just as clearly and distinctly provides for the establishment of Christianity as the national religion, as it would be possible to do by an act of Congress. MOre than this, the passage of this sec-tion as it reads would be a distinct decla-ration by the national Legislature that nothing that is Christian is sectarian. " No special sectarian belief or doctrine shall be taught or promoted," but this is not to exclude the teaching of " Christ-ian theology." This is but a-  declaration that the Christian views concerning God, or the beliefs in him, and the doctrines concerning him,z are not sectarian. It will be seen at once that this plays directly into the hands of the National League for the Protection of American Institu-tions, as shown in last week's SENTI-NEL, which demands an amendment to the Constitution of the United States for-bidding any State to give any public money to any institution under sectarian or ecclesiastical control, which amendment would lay upon the Supreme Court of the United States the necessity of deciding the 'question of what is sectarian, and then they intend to have the Supreme Court decide that Christianity and its theology are not sectarian. Section 11 declares that no person other-wise eligible under the act shall be ex-cluded from the privileges-  of the university on account of race, color, citizenship, or religious belief. But Section 12, in con-nection with 'Section 10, is important. It says :Š Section 12. That Congress shall have power at all times, according to its judgment for the public good, to amend or repeal this act, and it shall have the power by any committee of either house of Congress appointed for that purpose,- to visit and inquire into, and report upon all the operations of the corporation established by-this act. This gives power to Congress at any time to inquire into and report upon the merit of the Christian theology that is studied or considered there. This will of necessity make Christian theology an is-sue in every Congressional election held under the Government. As Congress is here given the power to amend or repeal this act the way will be open for that in-fidelity which these " unsectarian Chris-tians " declare to be so dangerous, to secure sufficient influence in Congress to repeal, at the very least, that part of the act which appropriates the money of all the people to the study and consideration of the religious views of only a small part of the people. This would bring on at once a contest between that which passes for Christianity and what is held to be infidelity. Nor would this be all, nor yet would it be the worst thing that would come. It would at once become the special interest of Roman Catholicism on one hand, and of Protestanism on the other, not only to obtain the controlling power in Congress, but to obtain the presidency and the cabinet, so as to make certain which of these forms of " Christian theology " should be taught in the university. Thus to say the very least there would be in every congressional election and in every presidential election a triangular political strife on the question of Christian theol-ogy. Nor would this strife be confined only to the congressional or presidential elections. These would be only the occa-sion for a popular struggle throughout the whole Union, while between times the contest of clubs and cliques, wire-pullers and schemers, generally, would go steadily on, so that the religio-political strife would never cease, and the scenes of con-fusion and turmoil and bitter contention into which the Nation would thus be plunged, have never yet been seen in this country, and can be conceived -of only by those who have the most intimate knowl-edge of the history of the Papacy from the fourth to the tenth century. It may be said that even if such a bill as this were passed by Congress it :would at once be declared unconstitutional by the United States Supreme Court. But that is not by any means certain. That it ought to be declared unconstitutional is very certain, but that it would be, is an- other question entirely. Besides this, Senator Edmunds, the author of the bill, is said to be one of the best, if not the best of constitutional lawyers, not only in the United States Senate, but in the whole country. True, it does not follow that this fact= would necessarily have any in-fluence with the Supreme Court, yet, when a man with such a reputation as a constitutional lawyer, would deliberately frame and offer such a bill, it might be that a sufficient number of the judges on the Supreme Bench would view the con-stitutionality of the act as Mr. Edmunds does. But whether the act would be declared by the Supreme Court to be unconstitu-tional or not, it is not the place of the American people to let the matter go without a protest, and depend upon such an issue as that. That is too much of a risk to run. Now is the time for the peo-ple to make their voices heard; now is the time for every man who loves Christian-ity, or who regards the rights of men, or who desires civil peace rather than religio-political strife and commotion, or who wants to see liberty perpetuated rather than a most wicked despotism established, Šnow is the time for all such to make their voices heard in such a continual stream of remonstrances pouring upon Congress as will check all such attempts as appears in this university bill. Nor should the matter stop with sending remon-strances to Congress ; let public opinion be so aroused and instructed that there shall be sent to Congress only such men as have regard for the rights of the people and respect for the United States Consti-tution. This makes no fewer than four measures pending in Congress, any one of which tends directly to the establishment of a national religion. These are the Breckin-ridge Sunday Bill in the House of Repre-sentatives ; the Blair Sunday Bill in the Senate ; the Blair Educational Amend-ment ; and this University Bill, with the Blair Educational Bill as a feeder to both of the last two. Take all of these, and the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, with its deceptive scheme ; the National Reform Associa-tion, with its ',.,vowed purpose ; the Amer-ican Sabbath Association, with all its crafty tricks ; and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union as a feeder to all these Šit seems to us that it is time the Ameri-can people were opening their eyes. The University Bill was read twice ,as usual, and referred to a special committee composed of Senators Edmunds, Sherman, Ingalls, Blair, Dolph, Harris, Butler, Gibson, and Barbour. A. T. J. BERVIA. has a law requiring all shops and places of business to be closed not only on Sunday, but on all the holy days of the church as well. 