554 AMERICAN SENTINEL. much money will it require to take and hold the whole island, consisting of 51,200 square miles, for all time? And after that calculation has been made there is a chance to figure as to the whole area of the Philippine Islands, of about 115,000 square miles. The figures of such a problem may well make the American taxpayer gasp.ŠManchester Union. Have you read our offer on page 559? The Spirit of War is the Spirit of Murder. As AN illustration of this fact, I will cite a case that came under my observation, or, to my knowledge, in Denver a few days ago. A certain young man thirsting for war, a few weeks ago enlisted in the 34th regiment to go to the Philippines. This regiment has been stationed at Ft. Logan, about six or seven miles from Denver. This young man has been practising for a sharp shooter. He with two of his soldier comrades came to Denver to have what they would term a good time. They were going from one saloon to another until after midnight, exhibiting quite a good-deal of money in their drinking, etc. Finally a dispute arose between this particular young man and the bartender, about the change; the young man drew his revolver and was about to shoot the bar tender, when others interfered and he was pre-vented. After he with his companion left the saloon a policeman followed him and asked him to give up his weapon and to consider himself under arrest. He quickly drew his revolver and shot the policeman, killing him. Another policeman took up the chase, and he shot at the young man twice, missing him, when the latter turned and in a flash shot this policeman down, also killing him, and then made his escape and has not been captured yet. It was reported afterwards, the reason he did not submit to arrest was that he knew he was a "dead shot" and could easily kill the policeman and get away. This will serve to show that the same spirit that will lead a man to prepare to go to war to kill people, will lead him to kill them at home or any place, under provoca-tion; and yet it is a "Christian nation" which is calling men to war and instilling into them this spirit. G. W. ANGLEBARGER. Longmont, Colo. AN exchange observes: "Some men are well satisfied with the habitations, prospects, and employments that this world affords. But there are those who 'desire a better country.' To such earthly things must occupy a secondary place. 'Strangers and pilgrims' are the names by which God would describe his people while they wait below. It is folly, then, for the Christian to regard this  world as his home. Its politics and ambitions are things that change with the day. Oh, that the followers of the Master might learn to look for that which is eternalŠthe city 'whose builder and maker is God.' " "Freedom?" New York "World." THE President in his speech at Pittsburg accused the Filipinos of "attacking the forces who fought for and secured their freedom." Is a change of "sovereigns" FREEDOM? Would the American Revolutionists have considered that they had secured their freedom in exchanging the tyranny of George III. for .`.`benevolent assimilation" by their French allies? If in his proclamations and other dealings with the Filipinos before the trouble began, pr even when his hand-tied Peace Commissioners went out to Manila, the President bad promised real freedom to theinhabitants, or had suggested even an autonomous government under our protection, there would have been no more war. But his initial demand, as far back as December 27, was for unconditional submission to our "rights of sov-ereignty"and acquiescence in ourpurpose of "benevolent assimilation" through the medium of soldiers and carpet-baggers, under penalty of death or subjugation. And this is his attitude to the present day. How can a President of the great Republic be blind to the truth that freedom is the same, that liberty is as dear and that self-government is as much a right in the Philippines as in the United States? The Iron Industry and the Steel Trust. THE methods of the Steel Trust in the United States and their effect upon one of the greatest, if not the chief, of the country's industries, are described by a daily of this city as follows:Š "From their monopoly of mines they dig barely enough ore to feed their monopoly of mills. It would be a useless expenditure for any capitalist to start an iron mill in opposition without means of procuring pig iron to keep it going. Such an investment would mean ruin. "There would be no scarcity of mills and no scarcity of iron production were it not for the control of the iron output by the trust. Active competition would hold prices at their proper level, as well as equalize the supply and demand. "It is known that the profits of the trust are fully 100 per cent. In six months they have increased the price of Bessemer pig iron from $9.87 to $18.51, and the price of steel billets from $14.93 to $30.10. "At 100 per cent. profit the limited number of mills allowed by the trust are running twenty-four hours daily. 