76 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "If not by force of circumstances enabled to appro-priate the whole of the Sabbath day as the Almighty intended, as much of it as possible should be freed from worldly labor." Mayor Brinkerhoff is an officer of the Englewood Presbyterian Church. The butchers and barbers did not change their rules yesterday. It appears also that the mayor issued a call for a conference of certain business men regarding the Sun-day-closing crusade, which was responded to, says the World, by "seven butchers and one fish dealer." "The session was a private one;" and "one indignant resi-dent who was refused admisssion said: 'Why don't the mayor practise what he preaches about the old Blue Law. Let him stop riding in his carriage on Sunday and allow the servants to cook the Sunday dinner on Saturday. The people of Englewood are disgusted with his preaching.' " Sunday Enforcement in the West. COLVILLE, WASHINGTON, TRIES THE EFFECT OF SUNDAY CLOSING. COLVILLE, WASH., Jan. 8.ŠSunday closing was put into execution in Colville yesterday with a vengeance, and Colville is now known and designated as a closed town. Several weeks ago the religious element thrust the issue by circulating a petition, in the form of an agreement, whereby all who signed promised faithfully to abide by the Sunday-closing law and shut up shop after the first day of January. After reconsidering the mat-ter, a number of the signers published a notice of with-drawal, but many of the business men still left their names undisturbed on the petition. The paper was this week placed in the hands of the sheriff of the county, with the request that he forthwith enforce the Sunday law. Pursuant to his duty as an officer, Sheriff E. M. Denny prepared a written notice to all business men to close on Sunday and served a, copy upon each and every business man in town. In order to render the picture ridiculous a number of the sportive element on Saturday night built a rail fence across each end of Main Street, the better to im-press the inhabitants from the neighboring country that business was to be suspended on Sunday. Boards were also nailed across the doors of the several churches of the town. While this was considered a huge joke, the church people took it seriously to heart, and it remains to be seen what the result will be in case a violation of the law is detected. FIGHTING AGAINST GOD. A striking little brochure showing in prose and verse the futility of man's "fighting against God" by attempting to dictate to his fellowmen in matters of conscience. Beautifully illus- trated with half-tone engravings. Price - - - - 3c Following Rome. A GREAT revival effort is in progress in Brooklyn, and with the effort to reach the unconverted masses, there is naturally much discussion of the question of the best means by which this can be done. And one of the clergymen having the effort in charge, a prominent re-vivalist from Atlanta, Ga., Rev. L. D. Broughton by name, is reported as having expressed himself on this question as follows:Š "Religion is going backward. The power it once had is diminishing The people of less intelligent ages were guided by God in all their actions. Now the church has no power. "It is the fault of the church, too. Ministers are at a standstill. They are slowly losing their power. As a drawing card the church ranks only sixth in the list of public attractions. It should be made to rank first. "How do I rank public attractions? First, theaters; second, prize-fights; third, cake-walks; fourth, kiss-ing parties; fifth, dances; sixth, churches; seventh, funerals. "That list shows that the church must be made as attractive as the theater and the cake-walk. Some-thing must be done to bring the people into the churches, not on Sundays, but every day of the week. To do this we must make the church both a business proposition and a place of attraction. "Too little stress is placed on the word 'business.' The saving of souls for the Lord is just as much of a business as manipulating the markets of Wall Street. "There are. 10,000 people who will pay $20,000 for theaters before they will enter a church and give five cents to God. There are 50,000 men who would pay $1,000,000 to see a prize-fight and would insult any one who would ask them to give 25 cents apiece for reli-gion. "There are 20,000 women who would pay $10,000,-000 for dresses for fashion who would not take the trouble to get up early enough on Sunday to attend church. "I want to see the man who can doubt that state-ment. "First of all, it behooves every minister to make his church as attractive as possible. It cannot be called sensationalism. It is merely.putting God at the head of all things, where he belongs. "If it is necessary to bring people to church, we min-isters might even go so far as to have a service where the biograph could be introduced with Biblical pictures and with other pictures, too. "For the men who put prize-fighting ahead of God, we might go so far as to have a few rounds of boxing before each service. "Perhaps a one-act comedy might induce the theat-rically inclined to stay until the sermon was over. "Then, to attract many others, we might turn the church into a temporary café, where we might serve soft drinks between prayers. "If this were done how quickly the sinners would see the difference between the paths that lead to God and the paths that lead to worldly delights. "I used to like to dance. I liked to go to theaters, 