48 THE AIVIERICA.N SENTINEL. TI e An2eFicar2 Ber2tii2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THOSE who wish to learn what " National Re-form" really is, and who wish to become thor-oughly familiar with every phase of it, should read the AMERICAN SENTINEL. A single issue of the SENTINEL contains more National Re-form argument (always refuted) than both of the National Reform organs do in a month. The Statesman has now taken to copying from the SENTINEL articles which National Reformers have sent to us, and which we have reviewed. It is perhaps needless to say that the Statesman never favors its readers with the reply of the SENTINEL. It well knows that its only strength consists in keeping its readers ignorant of the argument against its theories. In this respect National Reform closely follows its exemplar, the Papacy. The SENTINEL will still continue to publish "both sides," always being careful to indicate clearly on which side truth and justice stand. 0. . 0 IN his report from North Carolina, "Secre-tary" Weir takes occasion to eulogize Governor Scales, because he alone accepted the sample thanksgiving proclamation, which the National Reform Association sent last fall to the gov-ernors of the various States. Mr. Weir says of him: " He is, of course, greatly interested in National Reform, although not yet familiar with its doctrines and work. To use his own language, he is for whatever will advance the honor of the Lord Jesus.' If that is the case, he will do well to let National Reform alone. Christ cannot be honored by any such cheap means as voting him king, even of all the earth. Whatever power Christ has or ever will have is solely by virtue of his being the Son of God, and any action that man may take will not affect his state in the least. If every man on earth should say, "We will not have this man to rule over us," his power would not be dimin, ished ; and if they should all vote to make him king, they would not add a feather's weight to his power and glory. On the con-trary, a vote to recognize the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, would be dis-honoring in the extreme; for it is inconceiva-ble but that in the most perfect campaign possible among mortals, some would vote through policy or desire for gain. And in no way is.Christ more dishonored than by hypocritical professions of loyalty to him. war  WE stated above that it would be impossi-ble but that in any general election that could be held, some votes would be cast, not from principle, but from hope of gain. The follow-ing quotation from a speech by a Dr. Browne, in the Pittsburgh National Convention of 1874,  shows that the National Reformers themselves do not expect that all who join their move-ment will do so from purely unselfish me= tives :Š "There is no more persistent man alive than the typical Ł representative American of-fice-seeker. Of that class, the most of those who have not yet found whether they are for Christ or not, or who are openly decrying this movement, are ready to be its firm friends as soon as they acquire wisdom to discern the signs of the times, and are assured of its speedy success. They may pull back now at the hind axle, or scotch the wheels of the car of progress; but when they see it move, they will quickly jump in to get front seats, and avow ,that they always thought it was a good thing." And when with such help as this they have voted Jesus Christ king of this republic (!) then they think they Isv11have given him all the honor that is .his We can only pity the blindness of those who have so low a sense of the honor due to Christ the Son of God. The only way that he can be honored is by humble obedience to his requirements, and this must be the voluntary tribute of each individual for himself. Says Christ : " Why call ye me Lord, Lord,-  and do not the things which I say ?" Legislation by Clamor. IT is already evident that one feature of the " new time " into which we are hastening will be the subjection of Legislatures to the press-ure of groups of persons who are capable of controlling newspapers or combining votes. Under the old notions of Legislation, the duty of legislators was to study carefully the details of proposed legislation, to debate and discuss measures, and so, by deliberation, to arrive at decisions as to what should be enacted. The notion was that the statesman should know what he intended to do and should con-sider the proper means of reaching the desired result. This theory of legislation never has been very thoroughly put to practice any-where, but now the idea seems to be that it is antiquated, that we do not intend to seek a more complete realization of it as a reform in legislation, but that we abandon it alto-gether. At the same time, therefore, that there is a vast extension of the field of legislation, we abandon all sound traditions as to the method of legislative activity. Legislative bodies not only lay themselves open to be acted upon by outside influences, but they submit to clamor more than to any other influence. The tend-ency can be traced through the legislation of France, England and the United States, dur-ing the last twenty years. If a faction of any kind assails the Legislature with sufficient de-termination, they carry their point, although the sincere opinion of nearly all who vote for the measure may be that it is foolish, or idle, or mischievous, or crude, or irrational, or ex-travagant, or otherwise improper to be passed. Opinions differ greatly as to what it is which is "falling" or " going to decay" just at present. These phenomena support the.  notion that it is "the State" which is passing away. On the one hand, the highest wisdom of those who  want anything now is to practice terrorism, to make themselves as disagreeable as possible, so that it shall be necessary to conciliate them, and those who appeal to reason find them-selves disregarded. On the other hand, the public men seek peace and quiet by sacrific-ing anyone who cannot or does not know enough to make a great clamor in order to appease a clamorous faction. It is thought to be the triumph of practical statesmanship to give the clamorers something which will quiet them, and a new and special kind of legislative finesse has been developed, viz., to devise projects which shall seem to the clamorous petitioners to meet their demands, yet shall not really do it.ŠProf. William G. Sumner, in Independent. IF the triumph of National Reform theories were dependent upon the efforts of the body known as the National Reform Association, the lovers of "pure religion and undefiled" would not be called on for very strenuous op-position, for although it boasts a great many names, it cannot boast many original ideas. Both the Christian Statesman and the Christian Nation seem to have long ago exhausted the argument for National Reform, for were it not for the Constitution of the National Re-form Association, which they keep standing, the reader would often be at a loss to know why the papers are printed. But what- are called National Reform principles are not con-fined to the National Reform Association. There are individual women of the W. C. T. U., who are doing more for the advancement of those principles than all the men connected with the National Reform Association. And the W. C. T. U. is not the only additional factor in the work. George Parsons Lathrop, writing of national Christianity, in the May number of the Atlantic Monthly, said : " It has not been tried yet, and it is not one of the least hopeful signs of the times, that a dis-position to give it a serious probation is de-veloping simultaneously in several quarters." The movement will receive some of its most powerful assistance from quarters where it would least be expected, for politics makes strange bedfellows. National Reform heresy is developing as though, like a physical pes-tilence, the germs were in the air, and men who love liberty need to be awake and guard-ing every point. vew  " ONLY he who respects the liberty of others is worthy of liberty." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact TERMS.  Single Copy, per year, - - - - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 