AMERICAN SENTINEL. 523 speedy trial. It is the duty of a lawyer to -see that his client has a fair and impartial trial, but he should not resort to mere technicalities and pretexts to defeat the ends of justice or even to delay the enforcement of penal-ties whereby society suffers and the confidence of the people in the ability of the courts to punish crime is de-stroyed. "In bringing about this end I would invoke the ac-tive, earnest cooperation of all good men, white and black, with the officers of the law in their efforts to pre-vent crime, suppress mob violence, and bring criminals to justice, and to restore peace and order and tran-quility to all of the people of every race, class, and con-dition." In considering how far lynch law can be suppressed by an appeal of this nature, it is to be remembered that lynching is not wholly a product of ignorance; it is largely a result of moral degeneration. Knowledge is good; but knowledge is not power unless coupled in the mind with a purpose to put it into practical use. The people must have a desire to do right in the matter more than a desire to gratify hatred and the spirit of revenge, before they are prepared to profit by a knowl-edge of the proper principles of procedure and the reasons upon which they rest. We trust, however, that Governor Candler's appeal will result in strengthening lawful government in the State of Georgia. What Are We Fighting For? New York "World." THE war in the Philippines has grown to large di-mensions. Secretary Root is planning to increase our army there to 70,000 men. This is twice as large as the army with which we whipped Mexico. There were only about 20,000 of our soldiers actually engaged in the overthrow of Spanish power in Cuba and Porto Rico. With a war of this size on our hands it is pertinent to inquire what we are fighting for. It is, to begin with, an irregular and unauthorized war. It was never declared by Congress, in which body the power to declare war is vested by the Constitution. It is strictly Mr. McKinley's war. Is it to confirm our "sovereignty" over the islands, preparatory to their annexation and government by the United States? No; for the Senate, a part of the treaty-making power, adopted a resolution, declaringŠ "That by the ratification of the treaty of peace with Spain it is not intended to incorporate the inhabitants of the Philippines into citizenship of the United States, nor is it intended to permanently annex said islands as an integral part of the territory of the United States." Are we fighting, then, to suppress internecine war and put down a reign of terror? There is no war in the Philippines except between our soldiers and the natives, who conceive themselves to be fighting for their liberty and independence. There is no terror except such as the  splendid valor and deadly effectiveness of our troops have inspired. Are we fighting to establish a "stable government" in the islands and to insure to their people the blessings of freedom and civilization? Why not give them a chance to govern themselves? Liberty is the bestŠthe onlyŠpreparation for liberty. Freedom is the best in-structor in the school of self-government. When in the world's history has it ever been necessary to thrust the right to liberty and self-rule upon a people with force and arms? Where do we find a commission for shooting our civilization into 10,000,000 alien people 10,000 miles away? Is it strange that the American people are asking themselves, with increasing earnestness, "What are we fighting for?" England's "Scientific" Sabbath. FOLLOWING the example of American journalism, two popular London dailies began in April to issue Sun-day editions. This caused a considerable sensation, and the movement inaugurated in opposition was so strong that within two months the Sunday issues were with-drawn. In the August number of the Review of Reviews, Henry S. Lunn, M. D., has an article entitled, "The Defeat of Seven-Day Journalism in London." He tells us how strongly he felt the gravity of the situation, and the part he acted in organizing the National Protest Committee. Here members of Parliament, merchants and manufacturers, priests and bishops, both Protest-ant and Catholic, united in a formal protest, copies of which were to be sent to all the distinguished people in England. At this point, however, the papers yielded "as a frank concession to the religious feeling of the country." Mr. Lunn says, "In conclusion, I would point out that the popular movement which I have attempted to describe was not a mere ebullition of Sabbatarian fanat-icism. It was based on the scientifically-proved neces-sity of a weekly break,Ša 'truce of God,'Šin the wear-ing toil and nervous strain of modern life." It is well that they did not attempt to make the Bible a basis for the movement, as that plainly says "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." On that day spiritual rest is enjoined, and in giving it to mankind the Lord never advanced civil or scientific reasons. First-day observance certainly constitutes "a weekly break," and it logically follows that, since the Sabbath of the Lord has been discarded, its true worth and meaning should be lost to view. This "scientific" sabbath is the workmanship of the same power which originated the "truce of God." The latter was intro-duced in the eleventh century by the Catholic Church, and meant a suspension of private war during church 