'If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for / Came not to audge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 15, 1894. Ł  NUMBER 45. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, I.  CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - THIS number of the SENTINEL tells of Seventh-day Adventists imprisoned in Switzerland, and in this country, for doing bodily labor on Sunday. Ł Ł WHY do Seventh-day Adventists suffer imprisonment rather than keep Sunday ? Why do they not obey the civil laws which require them, in common with others, to refrain from the ordinary vocations of life on the first day of the week ? THE answer to the question raised in the preceding paragraph is that Adventists regard Sunday as a rival of the Sabbath of the Lord, and to honor it would be, with them, a denial of the Lord of the Sabbath. Sabbath-keeping is not with Adventists what it is with very many people, a mere matter of convenience, a simple choice of days, but it is a question of loyalty to God. COURTS have denied that it is a matter of conscience with Adventists to work on Sunday, and have branded their devotion to their principles as obstinacy; but so did the Roman emperors the refusal of the early Christians to offer incense to Caesar. The Christians, they argued, wer not for-bidden to worship Jehovah; they were only required to honor the gods of Rome. It is the same to-day with the Seventh-day Adventists: they are not forbidden, say the courts, "to keep their Sabbath; they are only required not to work on Sunday." BUT "no man can serve two masters." God has set forth the Sabbath as the badge of his authority ; it is his ensign : " More-over also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them."' To give like recognition to a rival sign would be the same as for soldiers to pay equal honors to the flag of their rightful sovereign and to that of a ,Ezek. 20: V.  rebel prince; for that is just what the Sunday is, the badge of antichrist, the sign of sun worship anciently, and of papacy in modern times, and of rebellion against God and his law from the fall until the present Moment. It is the " wild solar holiday of all pagan times," and is to-day flaunted by Rome in the face of the world with the taunt that " by keeping Sunday, they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin," and "the observance of Sunday by Protestants is an homage [worship] they pay, in spite of themselves, to the author-ity of the [Roman Catholic] Church."'  ADVENTISTS can go to prison, or to death, if need be, but they cannot even seem to keep Sunday. Roman Catholic Saints and Miracles. IN our examination of this subject last week, it was shown that notwithstanding the inspired declaration that in Christ only is there salvation, because " there is none other name under heaven, given among men, whereby we must be saved," notwithstanding this fact, we say, it was shown that Roman Catholics all over the world are praying for temporal help and eternal salvation to myriads of dead men and dead women, whom the Scriptures declare are dead, but whom the Roman Catholic Church teaches its votaries to believe are in heaven making intercession for those who invoke them. So true is this that in the face of the inspired testimony by the Apostle Peter, Joachim Pecci, as Pope Leo XIII., claim-ing to be the successor of Peter, has pro-nounced the apostolic benediction, the blessing of Peter, upon the shrine of St. Anne in Canada, where thousands of de-luded peasants ask for healing in the name of " St. Anne; " and upon Lourdes, Frande, where so many more thousands ask for perfect soundness in the name of 2  "Abridgement of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberville; Imprimatur, the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of Boston; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1833, page 58.  "Plain Talk About the Protestantism of To-day," by Mgr. Segur; Imprimatur, Joannes Josephus .Episcopus, Boston; Thomas B. Noonan & Co., Boston, 1868, page 213. Acts 4:12.  " Our Lady of Lourdes," and where hun-dreds of letters are received daily ad-dressed to " Our Lady of Lourdes," ask-ing her to make the writers whole. And we are certain that should the Apostle Peter come forth from his grave and enter the church of St. Anne at Beauprd, or the grotto of Lourdes, France, and while the people, encouraged by the priests, were imploring " St. Anne " and " Our Lady " to heal them, should he repeat the sermon he preached in the temple he would be arrested again, not by captains sent by Jewish priests, but by captains solicited by the priests of the pretended Peter, Pope Leo XIII. Ł But, says the Roman Catholic, there are miracles wrought; if they are not per-formed by the saints in whose name they are implored, by what power are they performed ? Miracles in themselves are to-day the infallible evidence of but one thing, and that one thing is power. The next ques-tion is, what power ? Bringing down fire from heaven was once the sign of the true God. It is not the sign to-day for "the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave to him to show unto his servants," declares, in Rev.13 :12, that the time would come when a power would arise of which it is said, " He doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men." Again, miracles in the time of the Saviour were an evidence of his Messiahship, for when the messengers came from John asking, " Art thou he that should Mme, or look we for another ?" Jesus an-swered, " Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached."' Again Christ is referred to in the Scriptures of truth as " a man ap-proved of God . . . by miracles, and wonders, and signs." But that miracles, and wonders, and signs are not to-day in themselves an infallible evidence of the truth of the cause in whose interests they are per-formed is shown from the following warn- ing given by the Lord Jesus himself : " There shall arise false christs, and false 2  Luke 7: 19. 22. 3  Acts 2:2g. - - EDITORS. - ASSISTANT EDITOR. 