342 AMERICAN Lion upon "works of necessity or charity, "the legisla-tures have made our civil courts deal with a question of religious faith and dogma. The courts are not only forced to examine into a question of religion, but they are plunged into a boundless uncertainty by these ex-empted "works of necessity or charity." Men of the same social equality often differ in their ideas of what is nec-essary for them or what is charity. The decision of a jury as to what is or is not necessary in a given case might work great hardship and injustice upon one man -and affect another just the reverse. It is, and ever has been, and always will be as absolutely impossible for the courts to determine what works are necessary or charit-able as to decide upon any rule of faith and practice and to inflict a penalty for its violation. D. W. R. Reforming the Nation. BY R. M. KILGORE. A CALL for reform is an admission that a low grade of conditions is seen and felt. Politicians have pro-claimed reforms in their party, but it lacks the elements by which a reform is effected. The men themselves re-main the same ambitious office-lovers as before, and the party remains as it was. It cannot be reformed. The existing evils and corruption which called for reform continues till the party dies and is buried in its own filth. A new party arises, founded and built on different prin-ciples, which it maintains for a time, then as those pre-ceding it, it falls into decay. This has been the natural course of human events. But it is the religious element of our nation that is calling for reform. The religious must be united with the civil to accomplish the end in view. Not being satis-fied with the decision of the Supreme Court, the nation must be made more Christian. Christian laws must be enacted and enforced. The life of the nation depends upon a more strict observance of the Sunday-Sabbath, and its desecration must cease. The theaters must be closed, the ball games can no longer be tolerated, and the people must repair to the house of the Lord, and go up to the worship of God. A divine warrant is sought for to sustain this ac-tion, and accordingly the prophet Isaiah is produced; and it is emphasized, since it is repeated by the prophet Micah, 4th chapter. In Isaiah 2:2-5, we read: "And it shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it. And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the  Lord from Jerusalem. And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning-hooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more. 0 house, of Jacob, come ye, and let us walk in the light of the Lord." "Mountain," in prophecy, is a symbol of a govern-ment, or kingdom. See Jer. 51:24, 25; Daniel 2:35, 44. "Hills" would fitly symbolize provincial or state gov-ernments. The "Lord's house" is his people, or church. See 1 Cor. 3:16; Heb. 3:6. Paraphrased, this text would read thus: It shall come to pass in the last days, that the government of the church of the Lord shall be estab-lished in the top of the earthly or civil governments, and shall be exalted above the provincial or state govern-ments, and all nations shall flow unto it. This is a prophecy relating to the "last days." The church will then be upheld and supported by the civil powers, or governments of earth. There will be a union of church and state. In the governments of the Old World this condition of affairs already exists. They all have their state or national churches. In our own Government the mixture of religion with the civil is apparent to all. We have our Sunday laws, proclamations of days for thanksgiv-ing to God, appropriations from the public funds for the support of the ministers and schools of some of the churches, and ministers of the gospel are paid from the treasury of the Government for officiating as chaplains in Congress and in the army. Christian,  men are ar_ rested and incarcerated in jail, and made to work at hard labor, with criminals of the deepest dye, for doing honest work contrary to the Sunday laws. A more per-fect union will yet be formed. But shall we conclude, because this prophecy declares that this union of religion with the governments of earth shall be effected, it is ordained of God? No, indeed. God has not authorized such a mixture. The union of church and state, or religion with civil matters, never origin-ated in heaven. Our God is a God of love, and not of force. He can only accept of a voluntary service. His children are free. In the prophecy of Daniel, chap. 7, v. 25, the Lord has revealed the fact that a power would arise who shall speak great words against God, and wear out the saints of God, and attempt to change the laws of the Most High. But the Lord has never authorized or commis-sioned any one to do anything of the kind, and is in no sense responsible for it. In 2 Tim. 3:1-5 the Lord has given us a picture of the moral and spiritual condition of the people in the "last days." He says: "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blas-phemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, 