706 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Mr. Mills would explain how it is that the church is to make politics "go" without going into politics. Politi-cians find it necessary to go into politics to the fullest extent of their powers, if they succeed in making politics "go" in a manner to suit them ; and even then they do not always succeed in their efforts. To think of making politics "go" without going into politics at all, would be scouted by anypolitician as the most visionary idea that could be mentioned. And yet we are gravely assured that the church is going to accomplish this very thing. It is strange that those giving such anqassurance can successfully appeal to such an extent to the credulity of intelligent people. No; the church will certainly go into politics when she makes politics "go." And why should she not, if Christianity itself is "essentially political" ? History tells us over and over again just how the church will pro-ceed in such a matter. She will proceed as she has done in historical instances of gaining control of the civil power, and the result will be just what it was on those occasions. PERSONAL-LIBERTY [for the saloon] advocates never think of the right of the innocent victims of grog to enjoy freedom from the torture to which drunkenhusbands and fathers subject them.ŠNew York Voice. Sunday Quiet and Church Bells. IN connection with the agitation now in progress in Washington, D. C., for the suppression of the crying of Sunday newspapers, the Washington Post offers the sug-gestion that the proposed prohibition of Sunday noise might quite consistently be extended so as to include Sunday ringing of church bells. The Post lays down the proposition that church bells are not at all essential to public worship, and had their origin not in public ne-cessity but in the practices of barbarism. We know of no facts which contradict this statement. The Post says:Š "If the newsboys can ply their trade without crying their wares, surely the church can go upon its excellent and useful way without all this deafening and discordant clamor. The bell is of even less necessity in religion than public outcry is in newspaper vending. It is, in fact, a relic of antiquity, not to ,say semi-barbarism: It was first used by the Romans to summon the people to the public baths. Two centuries passed before bells were ap-plied to church purposes. They were used in many ways, and were never, until very recently, regarded as an appli-ance of the church exclusively. They summoned the sol-diers to arms, the tribunes to the Senate, the rabble to the circus. They sounded the alarm of conflagrations and of tumults." It is not absolute quiet that the church wants on Sunday, but only such a degree of quiet as will exist when the church bells are given a monopoly in the production of sounds to attract the attention of the people. And  for a like reason Sunday business is condemned and Sun-day sportsŠthey take the attention of the people away from the church and religious services. On the ground that Sunday ought to be made a day of quiet by the suppression of all unnecessary noise, we do not see that any good reason can be given for draw-ing the line so as to exempt the noise of the ringing of the church bells. The Evolution of Politics. IT would appear that in the evolution of American politics a point has been reached where the personality of a candidate for a position of public trust is altogether a secondary consideration, the thing of primary impor-tance being allegiance to party organization. This much was plainly stated by one of the foremost politicians of the country in a speech made just previous to thelate election. He said:Š "Every Republican should remember his duty. It doesn't make any difference about persons or if the can-didate don't suit you exactly. The Republican organi-zation must have the same discipline as we had in the regular army, when the boys in blue marched with their gallant leaders. As chairman of the Republican National Committee, I have the right to command, and you must stand by me in the ,dual position I now occupy. "It doesn't matter whether you like my personality or not. I have .no patience with the man who bolts his party .because he is not satisfied with the candidate. If you expect business men to take part in politics and come among you, it is your duty to submit with the discipline of the party." The loyal voters of to-day, therefore, will not "bolt" their party because it happens to nominate Benedict Ar-nold instead of George Washington for the highest posi-tion, in the gift of the people, or Boss Tweed instead of Abraham Lincoln. Like the men of the famous "Light Horse Brigade," it will beŠ " Theirs not to make reply Theirs not to reason why," but simply. to do the bidding of their party commander Što act their part as cogs connecting the wheels of the political "machine." This will require servility, but no brains. Party "machine" politics fosters neither intelligence nor patriotism. And such politics represents the "sur-vival of the fittest"Šin this case the unfittestŠin the evolution of politics to-day. THE terrible results of religious persecution appear not only directly in the temporary tortures of the op-pressed, but often indirectly, and for a long after period, in the reactions and excesses which those persecutions provoke in the survivors or descendants of the unfortu-nates originally persecuted. Thus in Russia the fierce fanaticism of the Raskolniki sect, who have been practis- 