112 Amr-on,x VoL. 10, No. 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 4, 1895; Mr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THREE, of the Seventh-day Adventists im-prisoned at Dayton, Tenn., on the 8th of March, have served their term of imprison-ment and are now at liberty. Three more will be released on the 15th inst., while the other two, including Elder Colcord, will not be released until May. THE funeral expenses of the late Sir John Thompson, which were defrayed by the Cana-dian Government, contained an item of $1,000 for masses for the repose of his soul. Thus the taxes of Protestants and non-believers are used by Roman Catholic priests to pray a Roman Catholic's soul out of a Roman Catho-lic purgatory. This is a part 'of what the pope means when he writes to 'the American people and asks for " the favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority." ON another page we print a petition which'  is being circulated at Dayton, Tenn., by well-disposed persons of the city, for the re-lease of the imprisoned Adventists. It is addressed to the County Court of Rhea County, a body composed of the justices of the peace of the county. Some of these are known to be in favor of releasing the pris-oners, but it is reported that fifteen are in favor of working them in the chain-gang as was done with the Adventists of Henry County a few years ago. READ the following extract from an 'edit-,  orial in the- Catholic Mirror, of 'March 23, and then read our first page article':Š " Some of the'. most eminent and powerful of Protestants see, as Goldwin Smith; Van Noest and Robeson, the advancing tornado, and frankly confess that they behold no champion that can save social order outside the Catholic ChUrch. This-church is not at this' time to be made the target of attack by good Christian people of the separated sects, but rather to be cherished as the one rallying point against chaoS, anarchy and nihilism." THE -Western Watchman (Roman Catholic), of March 7, speaks thus of Father Chiniquy:Š Chiniquy, the 'octogenarian reprobate of Canada, has written a letter to Archbishop Fabre, Of Montreal, requesting him to let - him akine and to order his* priests to let hint alone. We-doubt if anTpriest has troubled..timSelf about the surly old -sinner;  but if any have, we think his request very reasonable. Why can't these officious priests let these old' braggart infi-dels alone ? They bring the sacraments into contempt refusilig them-  often to those who 'want them; and forcing the On those 'ivhb"wou't haire theta.' This  mad running after impenitent cut-throats and blas-phemers is very unbecoming. There is enough savagery in this editorial to burn a hundred heretics. And yet they tell us the Roman Catholic Church has expe-rienced a change of heart since her palmy days of the Dark. Ages. THE following extract from the opinion of Judge Parks, rendered at the trial of the Seventh-day Adventists who are now in jail at Dayton, Tenn., for doing common labor on Sunday, presents the injustice of compulsory Sunday observance so forcibly that we wish to keep it prominently before the public:Š "Here we 'have a very respectable element of Christian believers who are honest, inoffensive, law-abiding people in all matters not conflict-ing with their sense of duty, who believe they are under divine command to observe the sev-enth day as the Sabbath. As a matter of ab-stract, individual right can they be required to observe another day also? Their position is not that of a person who claims that as a matter of personal liberty he has the right, if he chooses, to run an open saloon on' Sunday, or to do any like act. That is not a matter of conscienceŠthis is. They claim that it is not only their right, but their duty under divine command, to observe the seventh clay. Calling them cranks' is no argument and has nothing to do with the question. 'If there were only one of them he would be entitled not only to his honest belief, but to the exercise of that belief, so long as in so doing he did not 'interfere with some natural right of his neighbors. A man cannot kill another and excuse himself on the ground that he believed he was carrying out God's will in so doing, because this would de-prive his victim of a natural right, viz.: the enjoyment of life. "Do the defendants in keeping the seventh day and working on the first, thereby interfere with any natural right of their neighbors? Or is it an artificial right created by human law ? Has any power but the divine will the right to establish any one day as the Sabbath? If the day has been appointed by divine edict, but two or more persons honestly and con-scientiously differ as to what day was ap-pointed, can the dispute be settled by legislative enactment? And shall one be given rights which are denied the other ? Does might make right, and have the majority the right to dic-tate in matters purely of conscience?" We are aware that the Supreme Court of the United States has decided that " this is a Christian.nation" and cited Sunday laws as one of its sustaining proofs, but we appeal from the Supreme Court of the United States to the people of the United States, as did Abraham Lincoln when the Federal Court had decided that the negro' " had no rights which the white man is bound to respect." Let the American people seriously ponder the vital questions raised by Judge Parks, and remem-ber that upon their answer hangs the destiny of American liberty, and through the influence of America, the liberties of the world. ANOTHER EXTRA. THE SENTINEL of April 11 will be of spe-cial interest. The number will be devoted to an account of the imprisonment of ,Seventh-day Adventists at Dayton, Tenn., and the closing of their academy at Graysville. It will contain the defense of Elder Colcord, presi-' dent Of the academy, and an article explain-ing why Seventh-day Adventists choose to suffer imprisonment rather than accept' liberty at the cost of obeying Sunday laws. This number will also contain a brief history of the'  persecutions which these people have suffered during the last few years. It will be trated with a picture of the jail where these persecuted men' are now imprisoned; and a court-room scene from their trials, also a photo reproduction of a touching autograph sentiment penned by one of the convicted men in his little daughter's autograph album' before going to jail. Besides these, the extra will contain other features of interest that we have not space to announce. Our extra of January 17 reached a circula-tion of 135,000, but it is expected that this number will have a circulation of half a mil-lion. It has been prepared with the advice and cooperation of the International Religious Liberty Association and the International Tract Society. Let every friend of truth and reli-gious liberty make an exceptional effort to'  circulate this number. The times demand it. The whole country, from ocean to ocean, must be awakened to a realization that the liberties of all the people are imperiled by the wrongs being perpetrated on an inoffensive people in this the "land of the free," in the closing years of the nineteenth century. Any quantity furnished at the usual price, one dollar per hundred; eight dollars per thousand. Ł UNDER date of February 2, the Christian Statesman published an address by Rev. J. J. M'Carrell (which it promises will soon be published with other addresses in pamphlet form), entitled, " Can Sunday Laws Be 'En-forced?" in which occurs the following:Š The roaring lion of anti-Sabbatisrn has been 'going about over our commonwealth, and seems crouching for a final leap. He deserves to be watched, for he is dangerous. He must be bound in chains and reserved for destruction. Let it be understood that the teaching and practice of Seventh-day Adventists touching the Sunday Sabbath are regarded by these Sunday-law crusaders as the "roaring lion of anti-Sabbati sm." Mr. M'Carrell gives the following as one means by which this lion is to be bound in chains and destroyed : " We have been judi-cially-proclaimed a Christian nation. This is a decision of momentous importance in faVor of Sunday laws." Verily this decision is be ing and will be used as a chain to bind and destroy American liberty; but "whom the Son makes free is free indeed," and no chain can bind or destroy this freedom. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Siaale'eopy, per year, - - 91.00':' Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 