306 AMERICAN SENTINEL. effort only robs it of all its power to benefit this world, and deprives-this world of that which belongs to it as a benefit from Christianity. The only benefit this world can ever receive from Christianity is by the lives of those who are true Christians and who, as true Christians, are individually separate from this world, as Christ was; and who live apart from, and above, the world, even as Jesus Christ did. A. T. J. The Constitution of American Imperialism.ŠNo. 5. BY JOHN D: BRADLEY. As STATED last week the men have never lived and never will live who can lawfully hold the powers that are claimed by American imperialists. To assert arbitrary power over a people is to declare war upon them. Such an assumption is a crime against human rights and is a setting aside of the principles of justice which are the foundation of all government. What is the reason, and the only reason, that is given for this high-handed pro-ceeding?ŠThe great wisdom and beneficence of the men who propose to exercise this power! They are "men supremely great" to whom "freedom is the breath of life, and who would scorn to enslave a country or a race;" they carry with them "all that gives to the flower of life its perfume;" they "cannot be accused of not loving liberty and justice and equality and the rights of men;" theymust not be "hampered" in their "mission to relieve the oppressed, to right every wrong, and to extend the institutions of free government;" they cannot under-stand "why any man, and especially any senator, should wish to detract from, to diminish or belittle, the powers that they assume;" they "can be trusted to do right, and to guarantee to all men, who shall come under the government's beneficent sway the largest measure of liberty consistent with good order and their general - well being;" they are utterly at a loss to account for "the great talk of justice and peace, as if we were going to oppress anybodyŠwhich we could not do if we wanted to!" Shortly and plainly stated the matter is thus: "We commit crime, we have the right to commit crime, it is perfectly safe for us to commit crime; because we are too good to commit crime!" This is certainly a mar-velous piece of logic, but it is the logic and the only logic, that is presented for the transformation of the Constitution-of American Republicanism into the consti-tution of American imperialism. If this method of de-fense becomes popular in the courts of the country the time and cost of public prosecutions will be materially reduced. It will be unnecessary to summon witnesses; it will be unnecessary to present arguments; it will be unnecessary to listen to the complete statement of the accused. The first part of the defense being a bold as- sertion of guilt will render unnecessary the claim that the accused is too good to be guilty. The goodness that is here contended for is the good-ness that is responsible for the discord of the universe- It is the goodness that made war in heaven itself. It is the goodness that has filled the earth with rebellion and iniquity. It is the goodness of which the devil is the most complete representative and because of which he was cast "as lightning from heaven." Notwithstanding this goodness it is still true, as stated by Congressman Champ Clark, of Missouri, during the last session of Congress, that "unless we desire to become slaves we would do well to refuse to place the means of our enslavement in the hands of any man." The following language, written by Macaulay in 1825, with reference to similar assumptions on the part of the British West Indian slave owners, is to the point:Š "A vast authority is intrusted to the masterŠthe law imposes scarcely any restraints upon himŠand we are required to believe that the place of all other checks will be fully supplied by the general sense of those who participate in his power and his temptations. This may be reason at Kingston, but will it pass at Westminster? We are> not inveighing against the white inhabitants of the West Indies. We do not say that they are naturally more cruel or more sensual than ourselves. But we say that they are men, and they desire to be considered as angels!Šwe say as angels, for to no human being, how-ever generous and beneficent, to no philanthropist, to no fathers of the church, could powers like theirs be safely intrusted. Such authority a parent ought not to have over his children. They ask very complacently, 'Are we men of a different species from yotirselves? We come among you;Šwe mingle with you in all your kinds of business and pleasure;Šwe buy and sell with you on 'change in the morning;Šwe dance with your daughters in the evening. Are not our manners civil? Are not our dinners good? Are we not kind friends, fair dealers, gen-erous benefactors? Are not our names in the subscrip-tion lists of all your charities? And can you believe that we are such monsters as the saints represent us to be? Can you imagine that, by merely crossing the Atlantic, we acquire a new nature?' We reply, You are not men of a different species from ourselves, and, therefore, we will not give you powers with which we would not dare to trust ourselves. We know that your passions are like ours. We know that your restraints are fewer, and, therefore we know that your crimes must be greater. Are despotic sovereigns men of harder hearts by nature than their subjects? Are they born with a hereditary thirst for bloodŠwith a natural incapacity for friendship? Surely not. Yet what is their general character? False ŠcruelŠlicentiousŠungrateful. Many of them have per-formed single acts of splendid generosity and heroism; a few may be named whose general administration has been salutary; but scarcely one has passed through life without committing at least some one atrocious act, from the guilt and infamy of which restricting laws would have saved him and his victims. If Henry VIII. had been a private man, he might have torn his wife's ruff and kicked her lap-dog. He was a king, and he cut off 