AMERICAN SENTINEL. 529 the price of liberty. What has the good Lord himself said about his kingdom? He said, 'My kingdom is not of this world.' He said, if it was, then would my servants fight. Don't you think there would have to be some force em-ployed to make people do right? Do you think you can compel the world to do the will of God? Do you think that law will make the world a kingdom of the God of love? The law of God is spiritual, and reaches to the in-tents and purposes of the heart." "I don't know, grandpa. It seemed that it could be done when I was listening to the leaguers, and that God really expected the good people to make the bad ones come to terms." "That scheme has been tried in the past; but it re-sulted in the persecution of the truly good, who were spiritually minded, and who really kept the command-ments of God; and in turning the bad into the worst of hypocrites and knaves." "Why, how, grandpa?" "Well, first, they were going to have only Christian men in office." "Yes, that's what they want now, and I think that's a fine thing." "Tom, men will be anything to get into office, espe-cially if there is a good salary behind it, or a way of ob-taining money or power. Who is going to be the judge as to who is Christian?" "Oh, I see; then you think people would pretend to be Christians to get into positions? Hum. I didn't think of that before." "Yes; I'm sure that we should presently have officials of the type of Laud and Bonner. 'But except your right-eousness exceed the righteousness of the scribes and pharisees, ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven." "Well, grandpa, how would it affect good laws to have bad executioners?" "Oh, we have often had that kind of government. But would the kind of laws the league wants to enforce be good laws for civil government?" "Why, they'd be the laws of God. Where would you find better laws?" "The law of God deals with the heart, Tom, and what would men have to enforce such laws?" "Power to read the heart," said Tom, slowly. "Yes, and in the Dark Ages just this kind of legisla-tion instigated the Inquisition, in order to wrest from men the secrets of the heart by torture." "0 well, grandpa, they do not thinkZof,:carrying things to such an extent as that, but to make men act good on the outside." "That would be proper to the extent of controlling those who would do violence to men's lives, virtue, prop-erty, or liberty; but beyond the line of civility, it would be to make men hypocrites and knaves, and to endanger and even strangle the sweet liberty we now enjoy." "Hum," said Tom, picking his teeth thoughtfully. "But I can't see how it would do the good people any harm?" "Well, I can," said grandpa. "In the first place, if I live to see such a thing in a way to succeed, I would raise my voice against it as a Christian. I would protest vig-orously, and the leaguers would look upon me as an en-emy, and would think me a traitor to good order and an enemy to good government and to the interests of hu-manity, and if the law was on their side, you would have the privilege of visiting grandpa in jail, unless you would be afraid to come." "Not much," said Tom. "Besides, I would probably have ideas of what was right to do, that the leaguers would think were heretical, or if I did not, some ore else undoubtedly would, and then men would be persecuted for their opinion, and the innocent suffer as malefactors. That's what happened when the Puritans tried this very scheme. Roger Will-iams was banished, Quakers were whipped, witches drowned, and doves stoned for cooing on the Sabbath." "0 grandpa, you are too ridiculous." "No, indeed, I'm in dead earnest." "Well, well, well! The leaguers talked a great deal about Sabbath desecration, and about enforcing the old Blue Laws." "That's it," said grandpa. "It's the old scheme up again." "There's a snake in the grass!" shouted Tom, rush-ing for his hoe. "This kind of mild weather brings them out." "Jes so," said grandpa. "And this kind of milk and water gospel is thawing out the old dragon. Give it to him, Tom." As Torn came back to the house, he heard two sweet quavering voices singing togetherŠ "In the Christian's home in glory. There remains a land of rest; For my Saviour's gone before me. To fulfill my soul's request. There is rest for the weary." "Grandpa," said Tom, "if the kingdom's come, and the will of God done on earth anywhere, I think it's in hearts like yours and grandma's." "Yes. The kingdom of God is within you; and some day, Tom, when Jesus comes to weed out and burn up the tares, he will gather the wheat into his garner. Then he'll renew the earth, and repeople it with the righteous, and the kingdoms of this world will belong to our Jesus, and he shall rule. For 'unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion.' But it will never be made the kingdom of Christ through the enforcement of law. We are to persuade, beseech, entreat, as God's ambassadors. He'll see to the execution of judgment. By and by, Torn, the earth will blossom as a rose, and there won't be any snakes to look out for." "Hurrah!" shouted Tom. 'Then it will be 'my country 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty.'" F. B. 