160 THE A.NIERICAN SENTINEL: VOL 4, No. 20. An-2eFical2  gel2tNel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE12,1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by soma friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE excellent article, "Is the United States a Christian Nation?" on another page of this paper, is from the Lutheran Witness, published in St. Louis, Mo., and is well worth a careful reading. In these days, when, through a mistaken zeal, the leaders of so many of the churches are seeking some sort of an alliance with the civil power, it is refreshing to find in the organ of one of the oldest and most respectable denominations, the proper relation of Church and State so clearly set forth. The sentiments expressed in the article are not only Lutheran doctrine relative to Church and State, but they are the doctrine of all true Prot-estants of whatever name. 40  M. A. GAULT, district secretary of the Na-tional Reform Association, says that there are four ways by which this may be made a Christian Nation, namely, first, agitation; second, petition; third, by the ballot ; fourth, by the sword. In attempted justification of the latter method, he says : "Don't think we are advocating war ; but if we are not faithful in the use of these other means, as it was with the anti-slavery question, after they had agitated and petitioned, and used the ballot, they drew the sword ; so shall we, as a last resort, be compelled to use the sword and the bullet." And in this he exposes the true-animus of the association to which he belongs. DISCUSSING Sunday laws in a recent letter to that paper, the Washington correspondent of the Christian Standard says:Š " No State Legislature has a right to pass a law 'be-cause it is the will of God ; to put on the statute books, for example, the first and second commandments ; to legislate people into Christianity. To do this would be for the State to establish a religion, and to infringe that right of self-liberty which is the atmos-phere of our Constitution and laws. Again, it will not do to pass a law for the benefit of the individual ; to make a man more moral ;to compel a man to at-tend divine worship. To do so would violate liberty." Yet, strange to say, that same correspondent urges the passage and the enforcement of laws compelling everybody to rest upon Sunday. His want of consistency brands him as a genuine Na-tional Reformer. THE St. Louis Observer says:Š " Christ's kingdom is not of this world. The church is not a police board, nor Cassar's lieutenant, but a Saviour of lost sinners. Its simple, sole, glorious mis-sion is to bring sinners to Jesus by preaching the gospel to them with the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven." And commenting .upon this the Cedar County (Neb.) Nonpareil remarks:Š " This has been our idea of true Christianity, and of the duty of the clkurch. That is, to convert, to preach the gospel, and argue, and appeal to man's better natureŠrather than to say to the sinner, You must do this and you must not do that, and meddle with politics and pass laws in the attempt to compel people by force to be good." All of which is sound and in accordance with the principles advocated by the AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Christian Statesman of May 16 has the following item:Š " There is sufficient justification for a general move-ment of workingmen to recover their lost Sabbath, in Ł the following words of Carroll D. Wright : ' No man likes to work on Sunday; the only railroad men who favor Sunday work are those who don't work them-selves on that day.' At the same time, while this would justify a general movement of the working classes, it will never bring it about. The only motive strong enough to preserve and maintain the Sabbath is the religious motive. The fear of God is the only sufficient defense for the rights of man ! " We doubt Mr. Carroll's statement, though possibly he may voice the feelings of the majority of railroad men; but even if they all want to rest on Sunday that would not justify a law compelling other people to rest if they don't want to. But the point to which we wished specially to call at-tention is the admission made in the latter part of the paragraph quoted, namely, that the religious motive is the only one strong enough to maintain Sunday rest. It has been most persistently urged that the movement in favor of Sunday laws was not from a religious but from a sanitary standpoint; now the Statesman candidly acknowledges that the religious motive is the only one strong enough to do the work. It follows that if the religious element is the stronger it must give its color to the whole thing, and so, after all the denials, the demand for Sunday laws is a demand for religious legislation. A MINISTER of the Christian Church writes from Winters, Cal., to a friend of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, aS follows:-- DEAR SIR : Your letter is before me. In reply, will say, first, I am opposed to civil enact-ment for the purpose of compelling obedience to religious rites, ceremonies, ordinances, or institu-tions. Such laws contravene the law of God and invade the -rights of men. God requires a will-ing and personal obedience, not one made manda-tory by civil enactment. Man is accountable to God alone for his religious faith and practice'. I regard the efforts being put forth by the Sabbath Union as Gentile-Judaism gone mad. Such laws as they seek to have enacted would be subversive of every principle of individual religious liberty, and would outrage the consciences of Christian people who fail to understand that God made a mistake and meant the first day when he com-manded all Israel to observe the seventh day as a Sabbath of rest. I doubt the wisdom of a law compelling the people to rest one day in seven as a police measure, and when a civil enactment intervenes to compel all people to observe the first day of the week as a Sabbath such intervention is an outrage upon personal liberty. The right of candid investiga-tion and independent inquiry in all matters per-taining to faith and morality are through such laws slaughtered by blind fanaticism, religious bigotry, and intolerance. Such a law would be an unwarranted assumption of power. As a Disciple I do not feel it my duty to ob- serve any day as a Sabbath. It seems to me, however, to be the climax of absurdity and re- ligious ignorance for these first-day-of-the-week-Sabbath observers to base their authority upon the fourth command of the decalogue, which plainly made mandatory the observance of the seventh day. In all the Old Testament scriptures no reference is made to the first day of .the week as a Sabbath-day, and to use the fourth com-mand of the decalogue to prove that the first day of.the week is a  Sabbatla-day, ,ox to enforce its  observance as such, is about as logical as an essay on botany for the solution of a mathematical problem. While I do not indorse all of the re-ligious views of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, I can but admire its ability, honesty, and devotion to personal liberty in religious faith and practice, and its able defense of such liberty. I am, with great respect, your humble servant, * * SUNDAY-LAW advocates claim that such legisla-tion is no infringement upon the rights of those who observe the seventh-day Sabbath, as they are at perfect liberty to keep any day they choose. Suppose that we have a Monday law, instead of a Sunday law, would the first-day philanthropists think that it was no hardship on them to forego business on that day on account of their conscien-tious rest on Sunday? Indeed, they would not so admit. One of their strong arguments in favor of a law to compel all classes to close business on Sunday is, that he who conscientiously rests on Sunday cannot successfully compete with others who continue their business seven days. They protest against the financial disadvantage against which the Sunday man labors in resting while others work, but claim that it is no disadvantage to the seventh-day man to be required to do the same thing. The man who is foolish enough to keep the seventh day according to the fourth commandment, ought to be willing to pay tribute of one work day's income for the privilege of obeying GodŠin this land of liberty ! This is another specimen of National Reform consistency. ON another page we publish a letter from a Baptist minister of this State, which breathes true Baptist principles. Indeed, as we not long since told a prominent Baptist clergyman of this State, the principles for which the AMERICAN SENTINEL contends are those for which Roger Williams contended, and every consistent Baptist will be with us. We are sorry to know, however, that all Baptists are not consistent. Many forget the persecution which Baptists suffered for their religion in the early history of this country, and are willing, in turn, to become persecutors for conscience' sake. A case in point is called to mind by the reference made in this letter to the sermon preached by Rev. R. D. Clark, of Eureka, which was recently published in the SENTINEL. Because of that sermon, Mr Clark has been com-pelled to resign his pastorate. But we rejoice to know that there are many, not only among the Baptists, but among all the denominations, who heartily indorse the work of the SENTINEL. WESTERN civilization utterly repudiates the idea of paternal government, and denies the ex-istence of any analogy between the family and the State.ŠPresident George Washburn. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 