FEBRUARY 28, 1895. ..A._10/11HAT-VAICAN-  S]1 1Wrlir 67 of the moral order, we see him approving their zeal for liberty, and thus indorsing their activity in behalf Of political rights. I England, too, the Catholic clergy have had re-peated occasions since the restoration of the hierarchy to assert their influence in the domain of politics, when there was question of obtaining equal rights with the Members of the Established Church, especially in the matter of elementary education. The "Kulturkampf " period in Germany is fresh in the memory of the present generation, and the French Abbe Kannegiesser, in his lately published instructive Work, " Les Catholiques Aliemands," has taken par-tictilar pains to point out to his countrymen that the success of the " Centre " party in Germany during the religious struggle of the last twenty years was due as much, if not more, to the exertions of a patriotic clergy, than to the noble leadership of such men as Reicheneperger, Mallinckrodt, and Windthorst. The parliamentary party in Germany has always counted a considerable number of the ablest clergy among its ranks, and at this present moment there are more than a dozen priests following as members of the Reichstag in the footsteps of the late Mgr. Ketteler, Archbishop of Mayence, or the present Archbishop of Posen, Mgr. Stablewsky. In the Austria-Hungarian empire select meniber.s of the national hierarchy and mitred abbots have long Since enjoyed the tight of a seat in the Upper Cham-ber* of Vienna arid Budapesth. If under the present adininistration the Liberals have gained the ascend-ency in the actual government of the country, the 4;)iisO may be sought to a great extent in the lack of interest and activity, partly forced, partly voluntary, of the clergy. This circumstance is openly regretted by the truly conservative element in the Austrian em-pire, and the Clergy may have learned some useful lessons from the hitter experience which the Catholics of` Hungary have but recently met with through the liberal and laissez-faire methods of some of their spir-itual leaders. But of all countries in Europe, Belgium has best demonstrated the beneficial results of a judicious, courageous intervention on the part of the clergy in its national politics. Ever since the establishment of the kingdom, the clerical element has been strongly rep-resented in the " Constituante." The celebrated Canon de Haerne did not cease to the last days of his active life to urge upon the legislative body of the country the necessity of granting "true liberty for all " in conformity with the constitution, amongst the signers of which his name will always be honorably remembered. The Abbe Pottier received but a short time ago the grateful testimony of popular confidence by a proffered candidacy to the Ohambre, whilst the valuable services rendered to the national cause by a simple country priest, the Abbe Keesen, were publicly recognized by his election as a senator of the kingdom in the Catholic province of Limbourg. There can be no doubt that the overwhelming victory of the Catholic Party in the late general elections is mainly due to the exertions and loyal vigilance of the clergy, who, in the political crisis of the time, proved to be equal to their social duties. Moreover they did not fail to exercise the right of the so-called vote plural, established by the late legislature, in virtue of which nearly all the members of the clergy are accorded a triple vote, viz. : as citizens, as representatives of the learned profes-sions, and as tax-payers. Let us here mention the neighboring kingdom of Holland, which, like Belgium, small in territorial extent, enjoys more constitutional liberties than any other State of Europe. If, in this Protestant land, the Catholic minority has succeeded in exercising so marked an influence upon the laws passed within the last few years, the credit is mainly due to the Rev. Dr. Sehaepman, whose reputation not only as a poet and orator but as a member of Parliament, has gone far beyond the limits of his native land. . . As for our neighboring country, Canada, everybody knows that the clergy are recognized as a potent factor in legislating for the two million Catholics among its inhabitants. If Canada possesses to-day, perhaps, the best educational system and institutions of varied learning supported by the State, it is entirely due to the exertions of an intelligent priesthood interested in the common welfare of their people. From the rapid and imperfect sketch of the fore-going facts regarding the participation of the clergy in politics under circumstances widely different in character, we are enabled to draw several important conclusions: 1. The members of the clergy enjoy the political rights accorded to every other citizen. 2. Generally speakingŠthat is to say, abstracting for a moment from particular places, times and cir- cumstancesŠthe character and profession of the priest- hood, is no obstacle to the exercise of the political rights accorded to every citizen; on the contrary the moral and intellectual advantages secured him by reason of his profession, give him a distinct title to fulfill his social mission by the salutary exercise of his political rights'. This exercise gives to his efforts in behalf of the common good the mark and seal of true patriotism. 3. There are places, times and circumstances when  the assertion and exercise of his political rights becomes a positive obligation on the part of the priest. He may even, as the legitimate guide of his people, take an active part in purely political movements when their results affect the temporal as well as spiritual welfare of the flock entrusted to him. In this case, it is need-less to say, his conduct must be guided by the law of prudence. 4. This same virtue of prudence, looking above all things to the methods best calculated to promote the salvation of souls, which is the principal object of our holy ministry, may, on the other hand, oblige the priest, under certain circumstances, to use his political right with discretion or even to abstain wholly from its exercise. Following this summing up, the Review concludes with the promise " to examine in detail these different conclusions " in future issues. From all this the careful observer of the signs of the times will expect to see the Roman Catholic priest in the United States take a more open and " active part in purely political movements when their results affect the temporal as well as spiritual welfare of the flock entrusted to him." And since the " temporal as well as spiritual welfare of the flock ' requires that the Government continue its appropriations to Catholic Indian schools, commence to di-vide the public school fund,---in short, re-quires that the church, as Pope Leo puts it, "enjoy the favor of the laws and the patron-age of public authority" "in addition to liberty,"Šwe may expect to see the church in the near future enter upon open and aggres-sive political action. But why not ? Have not the popular Protestant churches and societies already done so ? Have they not publicly combined and boycotted legislators into giving them the legal power to compel all men to submit to their interpretation of the fourth command-ment ? If Roman Catholic priests follow their example in the interests of their church and beat them at their own game, as they surely will, they will have no one to blame but themselves. But between the upper and nether millstone of Roman Catholicism and apostate Protes-tantism what will become of " the land of the free " ? A DELAWARE SUNDAY BILL IN the legislature of the State of Delaware on Wednesday last an "Anti-Sunday-Work Bill " was introduced, the representative presenting it stating that he did so at the re-quest of the Wilmington branch of the Inter-national Plasterers' Association. The bill is so sweeping in its provisions that we give it in full:Š SECTION 1. That chapter 131 of the Revised Code of this State be amended by inserting the following between the first and second paragraphs of section 4, and immediately after the word " hours: " " If any person, corporation, or firm engaged in business of any kind shall carry on or operate the same, or shall attempt to carry on or operate the same on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, or shall engage, em-ploy or hire any person to carry on or operate the same on the Lord's day or Sunday, he, it or they shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall pay a fine of $100 and costs of prosecu-tion for each and every such offense and may also be imprisoned one month in addition to such fine and costs. And any person, corporation, or firm engaged in business as aforesaid that shall carry on or operate the same clandestinely, or that shall lock or fasten up the entrance or means of ingress thereto for the pur-pose of concealing their operations or work, or shall compel or coerce their employes by threats or sugges-tions of discharge or other disadvantage, injury or loss because such employes refuse or decline to work on the Lord's day, shall be guilty in like manner and punished accordingly. And besides and in addition to such prosecution such offender shall forfeit and pay a fine of like amount to any one who may within one year sue for the same either before a justice of the peace or in the superior court." Never before in our national history has  there been such a universal demand for more rigid State Sunday laws as there is this winter. By general agreement the church agitators for national Sunday legislation have practi-cally abandoned Washington and are now engaged in a State crusade. With a view to concealing the religious character of legisla-tion demanded, much work has been done among labor organizations with a view to en-listing their cooperation. This is the pub-lished plan of Dr. Crafts' " Sabbath. Reform Committee in Affiliation with the National Bureau of Reform," under the sub-heading " Securing Cooperation of Labor Unions; " and the plan is succeeding. Since the,above was written we have learned that the proposed bill was defeated at its second reading on motion of Representative Pyle who introduced it. Now Mr. Pyle may expect to be boycotted by a certain religious element which is the real "power behind the throne" of all such measures. SUNDAY AND SUNDAY LAWS AS VIEWED BY AN INDIANA LAWYER. I LEARN by the News that the amendment offered by Representative Melendy to the Sun-day-observance bill, exempting from its pro-visions those who observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, was voted down in the House. That proposition was, in sub-stance, a provision in Section 2, 000 of the statutes now in force. Large numbers of our,people who believe in the observance of one day of each week as. a religious duty, believe that the seventh day (Saturday) is the day that should be observed. The bill in question seeks to compel observ-ance of the first day of each week as a reli-gious obligation, providing penalties for its violation, and as it now stands it violates the rights and consciences of those who conscien-tiously observe the seventh dayŠnotably, the Seventh=day Adventists and the Jews, to' say nothing as to the rights of those who do not believe in any holy days. I believe that comparatively few persons have ever investigated the question. How can it be proven that observance of the first day of the week (Sunday) is a religious duty ? I think no person who is intelligent on the sub-ject will pretend that there is any biblical requirement of the observance of the first day as a religious duty. The Roman Catholic Church, which is con-ceded by Protestant historians to have had within its pale, for the eleven centuries pre-ceding Martin Luther, practically all of the Christian forces of the world, and which to-day numbers a large majority of all Christian believers, boldly avers that there is no biblical authority for the observance of Sunday as a holy day. That church claims that the bibli-cal day for observance is the seventh, and that there is nothing in the Bible tending to show the abrogation of the seventh and the substi-tution of the first, as a holy day. It further claims that by virtue of divine authority con-ferred on it, it changed the day of observance from the seventh to the first, and that Protes-tant Christians are guilty of great inconsis-tency in recognizing the authority Of that church to change the day of obserVandeŠas Protestants do by keeping SundayŠand deny-ing the authority of that church to prescribe other days as holy, and rules and regulations for the government of both clergy and Łlaity. If any Protestant would like to know the attitude of the Catholic Clitith as to the sanctity of Sunday, let him consult the catechisms and manuals for religiouS instruc-tion of that church. "Encycloyedia 