AMERICAN SENTINEL. 251 rolled in it? And what will be its attitude toward those Christians and others who dissent from its principles and aims? The history of such combines in the past is not very reassuring to friends of the Christian cause. A Proclamation of Conquest. "Chicago RecordŁ" THE proclamation of President McKinley's commis-sion to the subjugated inhabitants of the Philippines is a proclamation of conquest. As such it must grate upon the sensitive ears of those American citizens who still regard as eternal and of universal application the foundation principles upon which their own institutions are based. The document professes kind intentions, to be sure, and contains promises of liberal treatment to such as recognize and bow to the supreme and sovereign authority of the American republic. But the spirit of kindness which the proclamation breathes is the kind-ness which the conqueror has ever promised to his not too willing subjects. The proclamation recognizes no rights of the Filipinos, nor does it deem the consent of the gdverned a matter of any importance. The con-quered are simply promised kind treatment and beneficent government as a condition of submission to an outside authority. What conqueror ever promised less? And where is it written in American institutions that the rule of a conqueror contrary to the willing consent of the ruled is not tyranny simply because beneficent? Consider these two "regulative principles" for the guidance of the United States in its relations with the Philippines, laid down by the commission as principles of "cardinal importance":Š "1. The supremacy of the United States must and will be enforced throughout every part of the archipel-ago, and those who resist it can accomplish no end other than their own ruin. "2. To the Philippine people will be granted the most ample liberty and self-government reconcilable with the maintenance of a wise, just, stable, effective, and economical administration of public affairs and compatible with the sovereign and international rights and the obligations of the United States." If the Filipinos submit to American rule and recog-nize our sovereign rights they will be well treated. If not, they but accomplish their " own ruin." Truly a sentiment worthy of a Napoleon! The assumption underlying the proclamation of the President's commissionŠthat the Philippine islands are permanently ours by right of purchase, or conquest, or bothŠought not to be satisfactory to the American peoŁ ple. . . . The recognition of our authority may have been necessary to any proper solution of the Philippine problem; but, having done so much and having estab7  fished our authority, it is now incumbent upon the United States to recognize to the full the right of the  inhabitants of those islands to a voice in their ultimate disposition. If the Filipinos wish independence, like the' Cubans, it is the duty of the United States, according to the principles upon which our own Government is founded, to recognize that wish and to prepare for its execution so soon as conditions make that course safe for all interests dependent upon us for protection. Infallibility and the Philippine Question. Edward Everett Hale, in "Christian Register." ATTENTION has once or twice been called to the curi-ous tenure by which Spain held the Philippines, and to the fact that, in the view of history, she had no more right to dispose of them than the king of Ashantee. But attention, though called, has never respondedŁ Nobody in authority, whether at Madrid or at Lisbon or Rome, has chosen to give any definition as to the Spanish or the Portuguese title. Spain has held the islands under the treaty of Tor-desilla, in which the rival kings of Spain and Portugal agreed to be bound by the papal bull of 1493. That bull established a meridian of longitude one hundred leagues west of the Canary Islands, as the boundary between the newly-discovered countries visited by Spain and Portugal. Spain was to have all west of this meridian, and Portugal all east of it. When, not long after, Brazil was discovered, it proved that Brazil ran out into the Atlantic so far as to cut this meridian, and Portugal held all east of the line even to this day. When, a few years after, Magellan, sailing under the Spanish flag, crossed the Pacific, sailing northward, he stumbled on the Philippines. He thought, or said he thought, that they were within the Spanish half of the world, counting from the original meridian established as the line of the division by a pope whom he and the king of Spain and the king of Portugal all called "In-fallible." But the sun and the stars and astronomy and the truth were against Magellan's calculations. His longi-tudes were wrong. Anson proved them to be wrong in the middle of the last century. Since that time it has been known that, under the pope's grant, Spain never owned the Philippines an hour. Under that grant they belong to Portugal, and have belonged to Portugal since Magellan discovered them. Suppose that the king of Portugal had sent an em-bassy to the treaty commissioners at Paris last summer, who had said: "Gentlemen, you need not trouble your-selves about what should be paid for the Philippines to Spain. My august master owns them. If anybody wants them, he must come to us." What would have happened? This will never be known. The king did not, 