242 ANtEJEZ,IC.A.N SENPrINIEIL. VoL. 10, No. 33. the doctrine of an absolutely equal humanity. Its first and fundamental proposition of "self-evident" truth is that "all men are created equal." It is as a corollary from this that the Declaration asserts that men are " endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," and that " among these are life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness." The entire history of humanity's struggle for freedom has been a record of the assertion of equal rights. That history is not yet com-plete. The struggle for liberty is not yet done. The actual as well as the theoretical equality of citizens is not yet fully recognized in our practice or completely guarded in our laws. All that was once claimed for despots as "divine right" is still claimed for major-ities under the name of law. Ł SOUTH AFRICAN CORRESPONDENCE. BY G. B. THOMPSON. THE agitation for Sunday laws increases. Like the pestilence that walks in_ darkness it moves on disguised and spreads its contagion everywhere. Religious bodies meet frequently and rarely adjourn without discussing what can be done to prop up Sunday. Their clamor for more laws knows no satisfaction so long as it is possible for the people to find anything else to employ their time other than attend-ing church and listening to a dry sermon on Sunday. In the South African Republic, the synod of the Dutch Reformed Church has recently had a sitting, and wrestled with the Sunday dese- cration problem. They memorialized the government, praying for such legislation as will put an everlasting quietus on all Sunday races, gambling, and work in the mines. Also that the government regulate the postal and telegraph business a little more in harmony with the supposed sanctity of the day. No protest being heard from these spiritual guides concerning gambling, horse-races, etc., on other days, and no demand being made for a law prohibiting them, we are left to conclude that they are not opposed to their running in full blast six days, so they stop on Sunday. But if held on Sunday, the people (and some are professed Christians, too) congregate to the horse-race more than to church. This causes many empty pews, and a corresponding shrinkage in the contents of the ubiquitous contribution plate. This shortage in the church's exchequer, makes the sin of. Sunday horse-racing exceed-ingly aggravating. One Transvaal clergyman is reported to have said that he saw no harm in an individual attending a " skirt dance" on Sunday, provided that he did not neglect any religious duties to do so. That is the point exactly; it is the formal religious ob-servance of Sunday that is the object of all Sunday laws. The Colonial Parliament is now in session in Cape Town. The members of that body had scarcely gotten into their seats before the demand for a more strict Sunday law began. And as usual the prime movers in the agita-tion are religious leaders. About the only thing that the Sunday law of the colony does not prohibit, is the holding of so-called " sa-cred concerts" on Sunday. Some have been recently held, with a good attendance. Some claim that nude pictures were shown. Perhaps so. But is a nude picture any worse to look at on Sunday than on Monday? And if it is the obscene pictures that they are seeking to pro-hibit, why do they ask for a law prohibiting them only on Sunday? Is not this sanction-ing them six days in the week? It certainly  is, and shows that all the stir is being made to exalt Sanday, and that the hubbub about the immoral concerts is only a lambskin to cover the gaunt-wolf of religious legisla-tion. The present agitation began in the Young Men's Christian Association, and finally crys-tallized into a deputation of clergymen calling on the premier and the treasurer-general, and asking for the introduction into Parliament of a bill prohibiting all sacred concerts on Sun-day. The dean of Cape Town, Rev. Steyyler, of the Dutch Reformed Church, and the president of the Y. M. C. A., addressed the ministry. They thanked the Lord for the English sabbath, and argued, among other things, that vox populi is vox Dei. The rev-erend gentleman, no doubt, meant that the voice of the majorityŠ" we "Šis the voice of the Deity. " No doubt ye are the people, and wisdom shall die with you." Job 12: 2. The premier and the treasurer-general both replied to the deputation, promising them such a bill as they had asked for. The deputation then withdrew. While they are thus seeking to suppress im-morality by law, meetings are being held in different parts f the colony to protest against what they term an "iniquitous impost " being placed on breadstuffs, while Cape brandy is free from excise. One speaker claimed that bread was now dearer in the colony than any other place in the world, while brandy was cheaper. If there is any other wonderful thing beside those enumerated by the wise man in Proverbs, it is the ways of a government that seeks to make men moral by law. Grahamstown, S. Africa, July 17, 1895. -ŁŁ MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION IN TENNESSEE. Worthy a Torquemada. [From the Manayunk (Pa.) Sentinel, July 25.] WE have received a copy of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, published at 43 Bond street, New York City, containing a marked notice stat-ing that the eight Seventh-day Adventists who were arrested in Tennessee, for working on Sunday, have been sentenced to ninety days' imprisonment and work in the chain-gang. There is no use in making a howl over this matter. If the law says that work must not be done on the Sabbath, the law should be upheld and violators subjected to the full penalty. It is too late a day for cranks to control this country, and the sooner they become aware of that fact and take their departure to other climes, the better for all concerned. It Is Persecution. [From the Daily Progress, Harriman, Tenn., July 28.] THE action of the prosecutors against the Seventh-day Adventists savors as much of persecution as did the action of the old Puri-tans of New England, and unless history fails to repeat itself, as has never yet been the case, the reaction will be just as decided, and go just as far to the opposite extreme. Every faith prospers under persecution, and no more certain plan can be devised to make any move-ment successful than by a most persistent and actively intolerant opposition. . . . The Church of Rome had too firmly estab-lished Sunday as a day of rest, for the Refors mationists to attempt to change it, and the Christian world have gone on in folkiwing the error of the Romish Church for three hundred  years. The position of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists is impregnable in the light of sacred history. There is no excuse for violating the command of God to keep the Sabbath holy, and the penalty for such violation, as stated by God himself; is death! The idea ad-vanced . . . that you may begin with any day you please, and keep holy the seventh day after that beginning, is too absurd for ar-gument. " Persecution of the Worst Sort." [Frain the Roseland (La.) Herald, July 12.] "Is it persecution?" We say it is persecu-tion of the worst sort. Seventh-day Advent-ists are arrested for cutting wood, or weeding in their gardens; while coal mines, factories, railroads, etc., are not molested. A short time ago a Seventh-day Adventist, in Ten-nessee, was arrested for working in his garden on Sunday, and the man who swore out the warrant for his arrest was driving home a cow he had bought when he was " scandalized " by seeing his neighbor working. " Oh, consistency, thou art a jewel ! " No Defense For It. [From the Norwich (Conn.) Bulletin, July 27.] SEVERAL of the Southern States in the name of law are imprisoning and persecuting the Seventh-day Baptists [Adventists] with a per-sistence worthy the bigots of other days. One of these religionists .is now in jail at Center-ville, Md., because he planted some flowers in his own garden on a Sunday morning; and during this month twelve citizens of Ten-nessee have been tried for the same offense, or something equally harmless, and sent to jail. There is no defense for such conduct on the part of professed Christians of other faiths. It was the mission of the Saviour through love to draw all men unto himself. He said: " Resist not evil. . . . Love your ene- mies; bless them that curse you; do good to them that hate you; and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you." It is not the Christlike who seek to antagonize men in his name instead of uniting them in love to GodŠit is not true religion that excites these bitter and rancorous feelings and inten-sifies hatred. The gentle and tolerant spirit of the Master are the jewels which his true followers most prize. Little Improveme-t Over the Dark Ages. [From the Eureka (Cal.) Daily Standard, July 24.] Wu° dares 'boast of religious freedom in Tennessee where a union soldier, seventy years old, a man of upright character, and a Chris-tian, is cast into prison and set to breaking rocks on the highway with the chain-gang of criminals, because he lives up to the teachings of the Bible as he understands them ? Such proceedings on the part of professed Christians make us respect the man who makes no claims to be religious. The other churches who profess to love the same Christ and wor-ship the same God, are doing this work of the devil. They may be honest and sincere men, too, as were the Calvinists when they roasted a man alive for not agreeing with them in faith, or the men who set to work the tortures * Father Gillett is not one of the conv'eted men, as his case was not triedŠthe State witnesses not being present. His case was postponed against his earnest protest. He demanded either trial or the dismissal of the case. 