138 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. Many in the place who rejected the influence of the gospel and its power to save, became displeased with the new doctrine (the gospel pure and simple), and one man had his two daughters, young ladies, arrested and put in jail for being baptized and keeping the Sabbath (sev-enth day) as it was contrary to the religion and the customs of the country, and against his personal wishes. Several others were put in jail for the same offense(?) and they were held there a week, but their testimony was the same when they were released as when they went in, "We cannot help but believe the things which we have seen and heard." When the minister and the colporters were leaving the place, they were overtaken by a furious mob, armed with guns and clubs, and after a few minutes' babel, a man struck one of the colporters on the head with a club and then the mob dispersed. The colporter was carried away for dead, but he finally rallied and it was three days before he regained consciousness. Before he was able to walk the officers of the place came and demanded his presence at the court. He told them that he was too ill to go, and they dragged him out of bed, but on finding that he could not walk they left him with orders to appear as soon as able. A few weeks later he appeared before the court to answer for, he did not know what. He had done nothing but what he had a perfect right to do. He was called in question for filling the place with his doctrine. He was not the minister, he was only assisting in the meetings and had been nearly killed for it, but that was no mat-ter; he was one of the company; so with Bible in hand he answered the questions and was finally released with the charge not to speak at all nor teach any more in that place. The question may arise as to what was done with the man who gave, what he hoped would be, the fatal blow. Nothing at all was done with him. The colporter went on his way rejoicing that he had been counted worthy to suffer for the name of Christ, and praying for his perse-cutors that they might learn better and do better. These are some of the practical workings of religious liberty(?) in Brazil, but if the people knew'better no doubt they would do better. Before closing I wish to say that the foregoing has not been written with any feelings against Brazil and her people, but simply to set forth the facts as they exist. There are many good people in Brazil and all they lack is the,  great principles of truth which are able to perfect them in righteousness. The gospel is spreading over the land and some are yielding to its saving power. The motto on the Brazilian flag is, "Ordem e Pro-gresso" (Order and Progress), but it is a progress in evil without much order. Just to the extent that the people receive the gospel, just to that extent is the reformation taking place and no further. With sword and bayonet the government has been trying for years to make the people better, and every charge makes them worse, but where the gospel is received into the hearts of the people there they have no use for  the sword. How different the effects of compulsion and persuasion! One is a savour of death unto death, and the other a savour of life unto life. W. H. TRURSTON. Rio de Janeiro, Jan. 24, 1898. Catholic Doctrine Relating to Public Schools. IN a recent Encyclical to ,the bishops of Manitoba, the head of the Roman Catholic Church speaks as follows on the subject of the "rights" of pupils in the public schools:Š "The matter is indeed one of very great and very weighty moment. We wish to bring to mind what seven years ago the legislators of the province of Manitoba decreed in session; who indeed took away a right which the laws of the Canadian Confederacy had established, namely, that Catholic children had a right to be taught and educated in the public schools in accordance with their conscientious beliefs." Catholic children have a "right" to be taught the papal religion at public expense, and no other religious belief has any right to be taught at all. The Encyclical says on this point:Š "Wherefore it is as foolish to wish to imbue minds with right moral principles while they are allowed to be deprived of religion as to call them to recognize virtue when the fountain of virtue has been removed. Now, to a Catholic the Catholic religion is one and the only one; wherefore he can neither accept nor recognize any moral or religious traching unless it is sought for and derived from intrinsic Catholic sources. Therefore justice and reason demand that the school supplies to every'scholar not only a knowledge of literary character, but also, as we have said, that knowledge of morality joined with precepts taken from our religion without which assuredly all education will be not only unfruitful but injurious. From which these consequences naturally follow; the teachers must be Catholics, and the books from which the scholars are taught must be such as the bishops approve. There must be unfettered power of arranging and ruling the discipline, so that the whole system of teaching and of learning shall exactly agree and coincide with the belief of the Catholic faith and the duties which thence arise." Catholic children have a "right" to be educated in Catholic doctrine at public expense. All education which does .not embody a "knowledge of morality joined with precepts taken from our [the Catholic] religion" is "not only unfruitful but injurious." The state evidently has no right to give anyone an "unfruitful and injurious" education. Hence the state ought to teach every pupil in the public schools, Protestant and Catholic, the Roman Cath-olic religion, and has no right to teach them anything less or contrary to it. This is Roman Catholic doctrine on the subject of the duty of the state in relation to the public schools, as enun-ciated by the highest Catholic authority, and. published in the Catholic Mirror. Please bear it in mind. 