quaff and Exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or Persuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, AUGUST 10, 1893. NUMBER 32. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, .1 CALVIN P. BOLLIMAN. WILLIAM H. MC KEE. SEEING that the churches, through the Congress of the United States, have gone as far as it is possible for human power to go toward changing the law of the Most High, it is well to inquire what this means. SEEING that they have taken up the fourth commandment, and have taken out of it what the Lord distinctly and in-tentionally put there, and have put into it what the Lord never intended to be there, and which never could by any honest pur-pose be put there, it is proper to inquire what this amounts to. THE Lord of heaven and earth, spake to men the fourth commandment with a voice that shook the earth; and after-ward wrote it twice with his own finger on tables of stone. When he spoke it, and when he wrote it, he said plainly and distinctly : " The seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." For forty years by three special acts each week he kept before the people in a way in which it was impossible to mistake, his own meaning of the statement that " the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Besides this, through the whole course of his revelation in the written word, and in the living Word in the life of Jesus Christ on earth, he always set before all people the great importance of this statement. Now all this being true, when the churches of the United States, through the Congress of the United States, delib-erately declare and fix in the legislation of the Nation that "the first d'iy of the week, commonly called Sunday," is, and for the people of the United States and the world shall be, the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, it is important to study this high-handed procedure and see 'what its nature is. When the directory of the World's Fair acted contrary to the  strict and literal letter of the act of Con-gress in this matter, these churches de-nounced it as " anarchy," " rebellion," " nullification," " treason," etc., etc. This too when there had been no official construction of the act of Congress which the United States courts plainly declared was exceedingly ambiguous. According to their own judgment then, what is this action of the churches and Congress, not only in disregarding, but in deliberately changing, the plain word of the statute of the Most High, when in every possible way he himself had given the authoritative construction of it ? what is this then, ac-cording to their own showing, but a_k-archy, rebellion, nullification, treason, etc., etc.? IF this is what the action of the direc-tory was with respect to the law and Gov-ernment of the United States, then what but this same, is this action of the churches and Congress with respect to the law and government of the Most High ? Shall the law and government of man be more sacred than that of God ? Shall men tampering with the laws of man, be more guilty than their tampering with the law of God ? Nay, shall they not in tampering with the divine law be as much more guilty as God is greater than man, and as his law is more sacred than that of man ? THERE is an instance in history which, with the comment of an eminent thinker, serves well as an illustration in this con-nection : Two hundred years ago the English colony in Ireland had a parlia-ment of their own, subordinate however to the supreme authority of the Parlia- ment of Great Britain. But, says the his-torian :Š The Irish Lords and Commons had presumed not only to re-enact an English act passed expressly for the purpose of binding them, but to reenact it with alterations. The alterations were indeed small; but the alteration even of a letter was tan-tamount to a declaration of independence."ŠMacaulay, History of England, middle of chapter XXIII. As the alteration " even of a letter " in the supreme law, by a subordinate power, is " tantamount to a declaration of inde-pendence;" then what but a complete and defiant declaration of independence, is this action, of the churches and Congress  of the United States in altering by a pre-sumptuous " interpretation," not merely a letter but the whole intent and purpose of one-tenth of the supreme law of the universe ? Are the churches and Con-gress of the United States indeed inde-pendent of the Lord Almighty ? Are they sovereign, and not subject with respect to the law of the Most High ? Nay, nay. However sovereign and independent their action may declare them to be, they will yet find that in all these things wherein they have dealt so exceeding proudly, the Lord God is yet above them. Macaulay's further comment on the Irish incident is most fitting to this present case:Š The colony in Ireland was emphatically a de-pendency; a dependency, not merely by the com-mon laws of the realm, but by the nature of things. It was absurd to claim independence for a com-munity which could not cease to be dependent with-out ceasing to exist. EVERYBODY can see the force of this parallel. Nor is it in any sense over-drawn. It is fitting in every sense and in every degree. There never was on this earth a more high-handed proceeding than this action of the churches and Congress of the United States in changing so far as is in human power to change, the law and the Sabbath of the Lord God. The Sab-bath of the Lord is not a matter merely of one day or another as such. It is a day it is true, and it is much more. The Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day as he made it, is an institution bearing the impress, the nature, of Divinity. It bears ineradicably stamped upon it the image and superscription of the Creator of all things as such. And to substitute an-other day for the Sabbath which God established, as the churches and Congress of the United States have done, is to counterfeit the spiritual coin of the realm of Jehovah and force men to accept it as the genuine. We do not say that these people know what they have done, or what they are still doing. Neither did the Church managers and Pontius Pilate, eighteen hundred and sixty years ago, know what they were doing when they rejected and crucified the Lord and de-manded a murderer in his stead. They did not know what they were doing, but they did it. These do not know what they have done, but they have done it. 