140 AMERICAN SENTINEL. is preferable to the present situation. The present ar-rangement in China cannot long endure, in my estima-tion, without embroiling the powers in a war, the ter-mination and scope of which no man can foresee. "In fact, the status quo is not being maintained to-day. Russia on the one side is encroaching and extend-ing its armies beyond its recognized sphere of influence. So are the French, and perhaps the English. Of course each nation is straining every nerve to secure its full share of the trade of this great empire of the Orient. "Some of the nationsŠnotably France and RussiaŠare not satisfied with trade. They want territory. To-day England stands out as the grand exponent of unre-stricted trade throughout the empire. The open door is our hobby. Trade, not territory, in China, is what the English people to-day want." "I have been in the Orient many months as the repre-sentative of the English commercial bodies, investigating the situation and with a view to determining just what action may be taken, not only to preserve the open door but to increase British trade in that section. My close attention to this subject convinces me that the time for action has arrived. "To delay longer is dangerous to the peace of the world. I consider the proposed alliance conducive to the world's peace. These nations can guarantee it, and really I do not think France and Russia would object very seriously to such an arrangement, as soon as they are assured of fair treatment and the maintenance of the status quo. "To day China is helpless. Any nation of consequence can seize this or that territory, with nothing more to fear than a mild form of protest. Russian encroach-ments are worthy of close attention. She is pouring soldiers into north China and menacing the peace of the world thereby. At present she has an army of well-armed soldiers numbering something like 20,000 in the province of Manchuria, and the completion of the Sibe-rian railroad gives Russia the means of placing an army of big size in that section on short notice. Therefore Russia is a factor that must be considered at an early date." Of the present position of America in the Orient, and the opportunities and duties arising from it, as viewed from a commercial standpoint, Lord Beresford said:Š "America has some trade in that section of the world, and of course the prominence the late war has given the American Republic necessarily makes it one of the powers in that remote section of the world. Her trade to-day is small in China, and unless something is done shortly to protect it there will be none left. The interests of the republic in the Philippines make it imperative that the American people take some interest in the Chinese ques-tion." "I want to impress one thing especially upon the minds of the Americans. And that is the vast prestige the great American Republic has secured in the Orient through the magnificent work of its army and navy  against Spain. The battle of Manila Bay did more to impress upon the higher classes of Chinese the efficiency of modern methods in war over methods used by effete nations than anything that could have occurred. Then, too, it gave the average Chinamen respect for the stars and stripes that they could have secured- in no other way. Dewey's work was an object lesson not only to the Chinese but to the Orient. It placed the stars and stripes in the front rank. "Americans, of course, appreciate the efficient work of their bold and gallant admiral, but in the east the naval victory at Manila and the celerity with which the admin-istration rushed vast bodies of troops half way around the world to support its navy had the effect of impress-ing upon- many nations of the Orient the boundless power of the great republic, the strength of the great nation on the other side of the world, which at a single bound has placed itself in thefront rank of the powers of the world." From all this it must be evident to the candid mind that the proposed alliance with Great Britain is not by any means a chimerical project; that the spectacle of the military forces of this country joined with those of Great Britain against the power of Russia and FranceŠand other nations of Europe, it may beŠcannot be considered an impossibility of the near future; that the spectacle of the United States "backing up British policy in the far East," at a tremendous cost of American blood and treasure, is one which can be pictured almost without the aid of imagination. These things are full of meaning. They mean much more than Lord Beresford has put into words; they mean more than the advocates of an Anglo- Saxon alliance can now foresee. There is an intensely serious side to this program, which only the develop- ments of the future can fully reveal. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 19. "ALECK, that last question of yours has followed me day and night. What am I going to do? We studied the Bible till I am sure that your statement is right. But there's such a lot of things involved that it seems impossible to obey." "It only seems so, Cecil. There can be no obstacle too great for divine power." "No; but Aleck, there's my situation. I'll lose it if I keep the Sabbath." "What if you do?" 