THE AN/InIR.TCAN SENTINEL. The National Reform Doctrine of Majorities. LAST October, at the Wichita, Kansas, Reform Convention, Rev. I. M. Armour, of Sterling, Kansas, delivered an address, in which he inveighed against the idea of " gov-ernment of the people, by the people, for the people," and maintained that " Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed," in the following manner:Š " If government be of man,Šif it be the mere will of the people,Šwhy should I stand, in awe of it? I do not. I cannot look with awe and reverence upon the decisions and mandates of neighbor Jones, for I know that he is not the source of law to me; he is but my equal. Now if he and Smith agree to say what I shall do, must I recognize in Jones and Smith my rightful rulers? the govern-ment that I ought to respect and obey ? Nay; if Jones and Smith and Brown agree to lay dOWn the law for me, I am still unsubdued. I f3till assert my right.. . . . Nay, let mill-ions of men, each of them my equal, corn-maid what is wrong or what .is right, and their commands can never inspire in me pro-' found reverence. Their will cannot be law to Me. . . . It is but the Jones, Smith, and Brown power at best. Multiply it by the millions, it is the Jones, Smith, and Brown power still. Its will is not law. It has no au-thority but what belongs to brute force. Neither God nor my conscience bind me to obey the will of a million any more than one of my neighbors."ŠChristian Statesman, Dec. 13, 1883. The same doctrine was held in the Cleve-land National Convention. Rev. A. M. Milli- gan said: Nor is the consent of the majority sufficient. One man cannot consent for another. Three-fourths of the people cannot consent for the remaining fourth. Forty-nine million, nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand, nine hun-dred and ninety-nine people cannot consent for the fifty-millionth man." Again Mr. Armour said:Š "Any command by whomsoever issued, that has not the sanction and approval of God, is not only not binding upon those to whom it is addressed, but they to whom such command comes are solemnly bound to disobey and re-sist it. . . So all men owe it to themselves to obey no command but such as, traced to its source, has a divine sanction." From these plain and forcible declarations, it would naturally be supposed that the Na-tional Reform party expect that the Religious Amendment will be adopted so entirely unani-mously that there will not be one single dis-senting voice. Because by the foregoing they plainly allow that if there shall be the fifty-millionth man who holds their work or their laws to be not of God, that "fifty-millionth man" is not bound to obey, but "solemnly bound to disobey and resist" the authority of their Government under the Religious Amend-nient. And the unanimous voice of the other "forty-nine million, nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine" " cannot consent for" him. But if the National Reform party means this, where then is the efficacy of their move-ment? "Aye! there'S the rub;" they don't mean it; for proof of which, now see THE OTHER SIDE. " SO long as Christians are in the majority, they have a right to maintain a Christian  character in their Government." Please ob-serve, " their (?) Government." See Christian Statesman, November 1, 1883, editorial. Again:Š "This Amendment of the Constitution means that a majority of the people of this land shall first believe the principles we seek to have embodied there; and so believe them that their views shall crystallize into the form of law, and that in its most potent form." Please observe, "most potent." See Statesman, De-cember 20, 1883, page 1. Again:Š " How is the Amendment to be carried out practically . . . A majority must decide." ŠId., Feb. 21, 1884. So, then, if the Government be purely civil and secular, it is only the Jones, Smith, and Brown power at best, though it be multiplied by " millions." But if it call itself Christian and religious, it is instantly clothed with "di vine right." Neither God nor conscience binds us to " obey the will of a million any more than one," unless that " million " call itself Christian. " The consent of the major-ity is not sufficient," provided that majority shall not call itself Christian. " Any com-mand, by whomsoever issued, that has not the sanction and approval of God, is to be sol-emnly disobeyed and resisted," unless said com-mand should be issued by a power calling it- self Christian. But if the power choose to call itself Christian, though every act be the opposite of Christian principle; though it transcend by a " higher law " the sum of all Christian duty, yet if it only call itself Chris- tian, then if it be a majority it " must decide," and exact obedience to its " views " by the " most potent form of law." How ingenuous! How magnanimous! How eminently Christian! How pre-eminently charitable the National Reform party is, to be sure I I A. T. J. The Legacy from Our Fathers. ONE of the stock arguments of the National Reformers in favor of their movement is that loyalty to the memory of our forefathers de- mands it. One of the reasons given in the preamble of their constitution is, "that this country was settled by Christian men with Christian ends in view, and that they gave a distinctly Christian character to the institu-tions which they established." And "the leg-acy which we have received from our fathers " is a common method of commending those " Christian institutions " which they wish to enforce by civil law. We wish to notice a few things in the early history of our country to see how strong this argument really is. One of the institutions which we received as a legacy from our fathers was slavery. All are acquainted with the fact that in the colonies, both North and South, slavery was practiced. In McMaster's " History of the People of the United States " we read the fol- lowing :Š " If the infamy of holding slaves belongs to the South, the greater infamy of supplying slaves must be shared by England and the North. While the States were yet colonies, to buy negroes and sell them into slavery had become a source of profit to the inhabitants of many New England towns. Scarce a year passed by but numbers of slavers went out from  Boston, from Medford, from Salem, from Prov-idence, from Newport, from Bristol, in Rhode Island. The trade was of a threefold kind: Molasses brought from Jamaica was turned to rum; the rum dispatched to Africa bought negroes; the negroes, carried to Jamaica or the Southern ports, were exchanged for mo-lasses, which, in turn, taken back to New En-gland, was quickly made into rum."ŠChap. 7, par. 15. It cost the nation millions of dollars and thou-sands of lives to get rid of this legacy, yet Mr. Gault, speaking of the National Reform Asso-ciation, is willing to have another revolution equally, bloody, if necessary to secure their ends. But slavery will hardly be called a Chris-tian institution, hence it cannot be what they refer to in their constitution. We must re- member, however, that it was engaged in by the Christian men who settled this country; and even they could not give it a Christian character. Let us look, then, at some of the acts which they did in the name of and for Christianity. In the "Encyclopedia Britan-nica," art. " Quakers," we read the follow-ing:Š " The earliest appearance of Quakers in America is a remarkable one. In July,1656, two women Quakers, Mary Fisher and Ann Austin, arrived at Boston. Under the gen-eral law against heresy their books were burnt by the hangman, they were searched for signs of witchcraft, they were imprisoned for five weeks and then sent away. During the same, year eight others were sent back to England..  " In 1657 and 1658 laws were passed to prevent the introduction of Quakers into Mas-sachusetts, and it was enacted that on the first conviction one ear should be cut off, on the second the remaining ear, and that on the third conviction the tongue should be bored with a hot iron. Fines were laid upon all who entertained Quakers or were present at their meetings. Thereupon the Quakers, who were perhaps not without the obstinacy of which Marcus Antoninus complained in the early Christians, rushed to Massachusetts as if invited, and the result was that the general court of the colony banished them on pain of death, and four Quakers, three men and one woman, were hung for refusing to depart from the jurisdiction, or obstinately returning within it. That the Quakers were irritating cannot be denied; some of them appear to have publicly mocked the institutions and the rulers of the colony, and to have interrupted public worship; and some of their men and women too acted with fanaticism and disorder. But even such conduct furnishes but a poor apology for inflicting stripes and death on men and women. The particulars of the proceed-ings of Governor .Endicott and the magistrates of New England as given in. Besse are startling to read. On the restoration of Charles II. a memorial was presented to him by the Quakers in England, stating the persecutions which their fellow members bad undergone in New England. Even the careless Charles was moved to issue an order to the colony which effectually stopped the banging of Qua-kers for their religion, though it by no means put an end to the persecution of the body in New England." In McClintock and Strong's Encyclopedia, art. " Baptists," we find the following as a further illustration of how the Puritan Fathers put the stamp of Christianity on this coun- try :Š " Massachusetts issued laws against them in 1644, imprisoned several Baptists in 1651, and banished others in 1669. In 1680 the doors of a Baptist meeting-house were nailed 