328 VoL. 8. No. 41. NEw YORK, OCTOBER 19, 1893. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE World's Fair attendance Sunday, October 1, was 48,535, and on Sunday, October 8, reached, the highest number of any Sunday since the opning, the gates registering 88,045. SOME of those whose profession is pol. itics begin to see the drift of religious agitation in this country. Ex-senator In-galls prophesies that religious questions will enter into the national campaign of 1896. ISAIAH KUNZMAN, the keeper of a small fancy goods store at 183 Grand Street, this city, was arrested on Sunday, October 8, by detective Sloan, for selling him a handkerchief, in violation of the Sunday law. Mr. Kunzman was held for trial and gave bail to the amount of one hun-dred dollars. The detective has not yet been arrested for buying the handkerchief on Sunday. THERE is trouble in the little village of Pawnee, near Springfield, Ill., between the Protestants and Catholics over the reading of the Bible in the public schools. Some Protestant teachers have insisted upon Bible reading and prayer in their schools irrespective of the protests of Ro-man Catholic parents of their pupils, and the advice of their directors. The ques-tion of the Bible in the public schools is one that will not be silent. REV. LESLIE SPRAGUE of the Second Unitarian Church, of San Francisco, preached a sermon a few Sundays ago on the subject, "Sunday and the Midwinter Exposition," in which h e said :Š The question was raised in Chicago long before there was any certainty of a Fair, and the preachers became corrupt politicians by threatening the heads of congressmen who dared to make appropriations to an open Fair. The question came up here when the project was fully started, one preacher refusing to assist in the opening exercises unless he could be assured that the Fair would be closed on Sunday. In this Sunday question a spirit has been raised which, be it conjured ever so wisely, will never down until the revealed end of all evil has come. THE Nashville Christian Advocate pub-lishes an editorial article on the Parlia-ment of Religions, in which it criticizes with much acerbity the effusiveness of the Shinto priest who returned in kind the enthusiastic salutations of some of the over-wrought women of the parliament, and classifies the foreigners all together  in a lump, as "the heathen delegates." The parliament itself, the Advocate says, was "something more of a humbug than even its severest critics supposed it would be," and " shows a vast disintegration of faith." This last expression is truthful and just, and goes, in a general way, quite to the root of the whole matter. This parliament is a religious weather vane which the whole world may see, and from which it ought to be able to judge of the course which modern theology is taking. IN its view of the Parliament of Reli-gions, the New York Sun sees with a good deal clearer vision than many religious papers. It asks : Š How can Christians consistently join in any such polytheistic symposium as that now proceeding at Chicago ? This question the Sun then follows with these observations :Š If Christianity is not the sole true and perfect religion, and if all others are not consequently false and pernicious, it is based on delusion. If it is not merely the best, but also the only religion whereby men can,  be saved, it is an imposture. If it con-tains only a part of the truth, sharing that price-less possession with many other religions, its source is not as it proclaims it to be. Christianity is either the sole and complete revelation of divine truth from God himself, and hence the only and absolute truth, or it is a fabrication of men, the more worth-less because it seeks to bolster itself up by false pretenses. That being so, Christianity cannot argue with other religions and compromise with them, accepting something and giving something. It can only say: "This is the truth of God uttered by God himself, and there is no other religious truth possible. Accept it or reject it at the peril of your soul.'' How, then, can Christians come to-gether with Buddhists, Brahmins, Mohammedans, Jews and Zoroastrians to discuss their religion with them on equal terms ? How can they treat them otherwise than as infidels who are the surer of damnation because they have seen the light of heaven and turned away from it? In Chicago, hos-pitality to all religions indicates agnostic indiffer-ence to them all. The last remark is doubtless true : it was indifference, not true Christian char-ity, that made the Parliament of Religions possible. ON another page is published a short article from the Observer, on " Church and State," which is worthy serious atten-tion. One point is specially apt, namely, that efforts are now being made in this country to bring Church and State into essential union by sectarian appropria-tions. There is an admission that there may be' a virtual union of Church and State without a legal establishment, or formal recognition of some denomination as the State Church. But why does the Observer use the word " sectarian " ? " Who does not see," said James Madison in 1785, " that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Chris-tians, in exclusion of all other sects ?" With equal propriety might the question be asked : Who does not see that the same authority which can give pecuniary  aid or show special favors to Christianity to the exclusion of all other religions, can with the same ease confer pecuniary or other benefits, upon any particular sect of Christians in exclusion of all other sects ? Many professed Protestants can see and appreciate the evils of Church and State union at the points of first con-tact, only when Roman Catholics are the beneficiaries. THE Sunday Rest Congress at Chicago closed with a supplementary meeting on Sunday afternoon, October 2, under the auspices of the Sunday Rest Association at Chicago. One of the speakers of the afternoon said Open Sunday stores must go; it is even now in sight. The American Federation of Labor, the Illinois State Federation of Labor, and the Chicago Trades and Labor Assembly have declared that no man working for a living shall buy anything on the Sabbath day. Within a month an ordinance will be presented to the city fathers for their con-sideration. The storekeepers themselves have signed the petition to have the Sunday-closing or-dinance passed, while, besides, there are thousands of clerks who are begging that the law shall be made. Employers and employes together on the same petition ought to make a profound impression on the city council. I have no doubt that within a month the law' will be passed and in force. Let the council make the law and we workingmen will see to it that it is enforced. To those who have spent any time in Chicago the past summer it looks like undertaking a large contract to stop all Sunday traffic in Chicago, especially as the " workingmen. " for whom it is so glibly promised here that they " will see to it that it is enforced," are divided among themselves on the subject, with the majority against any such enforcement. A VERY neat and acceptable volume on " Christian Education," by Mrs. E. G. White, has reached the SENTINEL desk. It bears the comprehensive and ringing motto, " True knowledge is divine," and the matter which fills its pages is in keep-ing with its motto. The prefatory note to the reader summarizes most completely and concisely the purpose of this book in these words : " The whole subject of Chris-tian education is treated from the broadest .standpoint, with valuable principles and suggestions applicable to every stage of child development; and it is confidently believed that this little work will prove a blessing, both in a richer personal expe-rience and in an increased ability for ser-vice, to every one who will read it thought-fully." The spirit of this book from beginning to end is, that all, both old and young, should, in all things, be taught of the Lord . Published by the International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed anything gtending  waadanonefrauread State,  either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 2g  too 24 99pes to one address, perrar,. -. -. ggcc 100 to 249 " " " " - - Re " Ł 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70e 500 to 999 " it 64 61 it - .. 65c 1000 or more " " " " -60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 