Single copy 3 cents. NEW YORK, MARCH 31, 1898. VoL. 13, No. 13. "IF ANY IRAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. illgrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have .sot ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it I Entered at the New York Poet-office.) UNION with the state turns religion into a moral poison.  tion which is the result of demoralizing influences at work upon the people of the nation, is more to be feared than the combined armies and navies of Europe. WHATEVER practice is wrong from the standpoint of due regard for individual rights, ought to be supprE ssed by law on all days of the week; and whatever practice is right from that standpoint, ought not to be suppressed by law on any day of the week. 44 THE natural effect of a Sunday rest law is to make people exceedingly restless. Civil, legislation makes people very uncivil when it enters the sphere of religion. ANY person who cannot be religious without having a law made to regulate the conduct of other people, can-not be religious when such a law is enacted. No person can be a true Sabbath-keeper until he is able to keep the Sabbath independently of all human law and of the con-duct of all other persons.  Ł V .    THE person who is not a friend of, sinnersŠeven Span-ish sinnersŠis not a Christian. 144  GOD created nothing human except the individual. In all that is human, therefore, the individual is para-mount. .• I' SOME people have so much religion that they not only want to be religious for themselves, but for every-body else. But that is not Christianity. JESUS CHRIST said: "Every plant which my heavenly Father hath not planted shall be rooted up." If Sunday be not such a plant, no one need fear for it; but if other-wise, it will be rooted up in spite of all the legislation, state or national, that can ever be enacted. 44  THE most dangerous foes with which the United States has to deal at the present time, are not foreign ones, but those within her own borders. The disintegra- The Inherited Spirit of Protestantism. RELIGIOUS persecution seems terrible enough viewed from the standpoint of physical suffering alone. But when we think of its blighting effect upon the morals of those who are brought in contact with it, the case seems yet worse, if possible. During the Dark Ages, the very fiends who invented the most horrible tortures for those who were accounted heretics, and even gloated over the dying agonies of their victims, wore the sacred vestments of the altar, and ministered religion in thename of Christ. To the minds of the priest-ridden people of that age, religion became the vehicle of vengeance, instead of an angel of love, and was the means of steeling the hearts of its devotees against any appeal to mercy from the suffering. Even the nerves of delicate women were trained to endure scenes of the most diabolical acts of inhuman-ity. A wife, mother, or sister, was perhaps called to wit-ness the writhing, quivering body of one dearer than life, while the slow fire of the auto-da-fe crept from limb to limb, wresting from its victim piercing screams of an-guish. To comfort her, she was told that the God she 