'HE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ But according to the word of Christ, the civil power has nothing to do with either God or religion, nor with offenses against God or religion. Religion is defined by Webster as "the recognition of God as an object of wor-ship, love, and obedience." Another definition, given by the National Reform Association itself, is " man's personal relation of faith and and obedience to God." Civil government has nothing to do with a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. If he has no taith at all, and makes no pretensions to obedience to God, that is nothing to the civil government, so long as the man conducts himself civilly. Neither has civil government anything to do with offenses against God; the Lord himself can attend to that. A man is responsible alone to God for the offenses which he com-mits against God. Civil government has no business to establish a religion, and then make offenses against it criminal; nor has it any business to put itself in the place of God, and presume to declare that an offense against the governmental idea of God is an offense against God. How is the civil government to know whether an act offends God or not? The fact of ,the matter is, that just as soon as Sunday laws are investigated at all in the light of truth, or justice, or law, it is found that they are inseparable from an established religion, Šinseparable from a un ion of Church and State. This is further shown by a mere glance at the British system, as set forth by Blackstone in his chapter on " Offenses against God and Religion." There "profanation of the Lord's day " is classed with such things as "apostasy," "heresy," "reviling the ordinances of the church,"" non-conformity to the worship of the Church," " witchcraft," "conjuration," " en-chantment," "sorcery," "religious imposture, such as falsely pretending an extraordinary commission from Heaven," adultery as an ecclesiastical offense cognizable by the spirit-ual court, and such confusion of civil and re-ligious ideas as the punishment of drunken-ness as an offense against God and religion. This is the company with which Sunday laws belong. The penalty for apostasy was, first, burning to death ; this fell into disuse after a while. Then the penalty was that "for the first offense the offender should be rendered incapable to hold any office or place of trust." At such legal nonsense as this the United States Constitution struck a death blow in the clause which declares that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under this Govern-ment." And by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States, this Govern-ment utterly separates itself from the whole system of offenses against God and religion so long maintained by the British Govern-ment, by the colonies, and even yet by many of the States, and which is characteristic of all Church and State governmentsŠgovernments of established religionŠby declaring that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This is sound Ameri-can principle, and accords with the word of Jesus Christ. And the effort ought to be,  throughout this whole nation, to lift the Con-stitutions, the legislation, and the jurispru-dence of the States up to the level of that of the National Constitution. But instead of doing that, and so carrying this whole Nation bodily onward in the _march of liberty, en-lightenment, and progress, these people go about to bring down our national system of Constitution and laws to the level of that of the States, which is the level of that of the col-onies, which is the level of that of the British system, which is the level of that of the Papacy, which is the system of paganism un-der cover of the Christian name. At the hearing before the Senate Committee last December, on the Sunday bill, Dr. Elliott cited Edgar, Athelstan, and Alfred; and Dr. Crafts cites Alfred, Charlemagne, and Justin-ian; in support of Sunday laws. To be sure! And with equal force they can cite' these and many others of the Dark Ages in support of tithes to the clergy, the supremacy of the monks in civil affairs, the "holy anointing" of kings by the Pope, and for any and every other thing that belongs with the papal sys-tem. They can carry Sunday-law precedents farther back than that: they can go back to the time of Theodosius and Constantine. They can find, and so can anybody else, that as Pontifex Maximus of the old pagan system, Constantine "had the plenary power of ap-pointing holy days ; " they can find that by virtue of this power, Constantine established the first Sunday law of all time, in honor of the "venerable day of the sun," whose special devotee he was; and also that as "bishop of externals " of the new pagan system,Šthe papal,Šwhich office he assumed by virtue of his political conversion to the political Chris-tianity of his time, he played into the hands of the ambitious bishops by giving them in that Sunday law their coveted "use of the power of the State for the furtherance of their aims " to compel men to accept the decrees, and submit to the dictates, of the church. He, and all others, will find that this is the literal truth of the origin of Sunday laws. All this is supported by abundance of testi-mony of undoubted authority. So eminent a divine as Dean Stanley declares plainly that the retention of the old pagan name of "dies solis," or Sunday, for the weekly Christian festival, " is owing to the union of pagan and Christian. sentiment with which the first day of the week was recommended by Constantine to his subjects, pagan and Christian alike, as the venerable day of the sun.' . . . It was his mode of harmonizing the discordant religions of the empire under one common in-stitution." This same mode of harmonizing paganism with Christianity was further illustrated by his imperial coins, bearing on one side the name of Christ, and on the other the figure of the sun-god, with the inscription, "the unconquera-ble sun." This confusion of pagan and Christian ideas and practices is what made the papacy, the union of Church and State, and the con-fusion of civil and religious things from which, with the exception of the Government of the United States, the nations have not even yet freed _themselves. Thai is the authority, and  the only authority, for Sunday laws. Sunday has no basis whatever as a civil institution; it never had any. And the only basis it has, or ever had, as a religious institution is in that confusion of paganism and Christianity which made the papacy, with all that it is or ever was. A. T. J. .~.ft  Reply to Mr. Johnston. N. R. JOHNSTONŠRespected Sir: In Number 27, current volume of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, ap pears an open letter from you to me, calling my attention to what you think an error into which I have fallen relative "to the character of the Hebrew civil government, as well as in reference to what government should be now." Your criticism was called out by my article en-titled " Nehemiah, the Tirshatha," which ap-peared in Number 26 of the SENTINEL. It appears that I am not alone in my error, but that it is wide spread ; that not only a few here and there share it with me, but vast multi-tudes, even millions of other Christians" also hold it. You call our attention to sundry propositions which I suppose you deem sufficient to clear our minds of the fog with which they are beclouded. As I cannot speak for the millions aforesaid, I can say for one that I profess to be open to con-viction, and that if wrong I want to know it, and that I am as willing to receive correction from your hands as from any one. You declare in starting out that you are a Na-tional Reformer, but that you do not want your errors charged up to the account of your Reform brethren. I must say that I am generous enough to grant the request. They, without doubt, have enough of their own to answer for, and I do not wish to make their burden heavier. I wonder why you make the request. Is it because you are ashamed, or is it because you stand in suspicion, of sentiments emanating from National Reform sources? You Reformers being the mouthpieces of the Lord, and the especial links connecting Heaven and the United States, which you seem bent on reforming whether or no, you certainly ought to be able to harmonize with your brother National Reformers ! If you do not, it's high time you were beginning to see " eye to eye " and settle yourselves down into the unity of the faith." It will never do to have the Lord's trumpeters give discordant blasts! But to the propositions, I shall give them attention, as you desire. 1. You ask if "the theocracy of the Hebrew commonwealth" was good in the past, "why would not a similar theocracy be good now ?" Answer.ŠYou have yourself in part furnished the reply to the question in that portion of your article numbered 5. It is because it " would be impracticableŠan utter impossibility;" but the reason you assign why such would be the case is, I think, not the real one. The reason why a theocracy would not "be good now" is be-cause that, as God has discontinued that kind of government, it would be made only by men; at the head of it would be a man in the place of God; and in the Papacy the world has had an illustration of what such a government would be. He who claims that a theocracy would be good now, justifies the Papacy with all that it has ever been. And that is why a theocracy would not be good now. To the second question, I answer: 2. You contradict yourself when you admit a 