DECEMBER 19, 1895. A.IVIMEZICA.INT SlivirriNTFuL. 399 logue as he understands it. Otherwise, you are plainly told that your judgment in the court of heaven will be: " Not a doer of the law!" The fate of all transgressors is eternal death. One of the 'lost Valuable Helps to the Study of the NeW Testament EVer Published. WE expected at the time of our last issue to be able to give this week an account of the trial of the four Seventh-day Adventists under indictment at Ridgetown, Ont., for working on Sunday. Only two cases however were tried at the time expected, Dec. 5. These were the cases of A. 0. Burrill, the Adventist elder, and P. M. Howe. An Adventist who was present at the trial outlines the proceed- ings as follows:Š There were four of our brethren arrested: Elder A. 0. Burrill, brethren P. M. Howe and William Simp-son,Šall laborers in the conference; and Thomas Griffith, one of the local citizens. The latter was charged with cutting wood, and the others with build-ing on Sunday. The Epworth League and other Methodists were prosecutors. On the date mentioned, the cases of the two first-named were tried, and a conviction was secured in both cases. Elder Burrill was fined 120, or sixty days in jail, and Brother Howe $10, or forty days' imprisonment. They have ten days in which to pay the fine. The court room was crowded with those who sympathized with the prose-cution, and the justice shared the prejudice with the crowd. He permitted loud cheering and demonstra-tions of joy each time the decision was averse to the defendants. The final verdict was received with boisterous approval. But doubtless(?) all this was done not from any feeling of religious prejudice and ani-mosity toward the convicted men, but only to show the necessity of Sunday rest from a hygienic standpoint; for the Sunday sabbath sanctioned by law is, we are told, merely a " civil" institution! -Ł Ł IN Louisiana, says the New York Sun, " the moral reform element will try to abolish racing, as they have abolished lotteries and glove contests, in spite of the law permitting them. The same element is now engaged in attempting to rigidly enforce the Sunday law, but with only partial success." In that State the " moral reform element" do not have so much reverence for mere " law " as is pro-fessed in some States of the North. AN opinion rendered Dec. 10, by Attorney-General Childs, of Minnesota, holds that open-ing the public schools with a recital of the Lord's Prayer, is a violation of Section 16 of the State constitution, which provides that no person shall be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship. There can be no doubt of the justness of this decision; and in this Minnesota has taken a step in advance of many other States, in which custom, sup-ported by religious sentiment, overrides an equally plain provision of the fundamental law. CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to NUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW YOR1C. Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the Otntifir Autevizatt Largest circulation of any scientific paper fn the world. Splendidly illustrated. No intelligent man should be without it. Weekly, 83,00a year; CO six months. Address, MUNN & CO— FIIBLifianite, 301 Broadway, New York City, 13 'Eav rec yVnyeratc ri,iv civ9pt5rewv XaXisi Kai 1-011, n"" nna °fangcf8' a" .. If with the tongues of men I speak and have not charity, /am ityyAwv, etyciirnv_N ,urj.gxtu, ykyova xaA c Kti tjx(Ztv become as sounding i brass, or a tinkling of angels, but love have not, I have become 'brass 'sounding or Iyhm,,,b,aeldeA;f1 tohypug Kivti3aXov aXaXgov. 2 PKai hiv" gr.) irpooirEiav, Kai Etaa Pheey, and understand a 'cymbal 'clanging. And if I have prophecy, and know aalll  lkieng!leerjeee', aanil ra ftvariipta iravra Kai 7racsav r7jv ŁyvtDatv, cigarL'Ivu- gro  though I g.iiNe all ' mysteries 'all and all knoivledge, and if I have faith, so that I could 6,E.,y1,7rnv_cu  removeaiiave  mnooutntacts.:  tiriiaav 7-0r-tarty, 160TE bon rttE0t01"OtVEtV,II but love though nothing. i uh eg.. ' all }faith, so as mountains to remove, 1 3titAndI  thamou Hirai, soziOkv" Eliut. 3 'Kai MO V44.012.1CrW" inivra re/ stow all my goods to have not, nothing I am. And if I give away in food all feed the poor, and  . x  though I give m a body  wcal MOTrapairLa7}1.ttovva Callen- uehurnXa.ta,e  my  goods, and if I deliver up my body that I may ho not charity, itprofiteth 'H avcconi stafeenroetthelg...46,Cahna :lye  rwttat," dycitrtpi.N ittij_gX10, Yoaiv" edOEXotiltat: 4 Love kind;   charity envieth burned, but love have not, nothing I am profited, f.,‚T notvaunteth FtaKpoOutal, xptiarEbtratŁ -ii civorri obZnXo7.Ł - z;/ erYci7n1" 06  nnoontcsheff i  love 'DO ed. up, 5 doth not be- is kind; puff. .has patience, love is not envious p rrtaerEpEticrat, ob_cbvatoiirett, 5 oincitaxtipova, ou_<tirli ra shcaevhee  ditsne loft  uhn s e e m l y, 'is vain-glorious, is not puffed up, acts not unseemly, seeks not the things is not easily  preorv07,3: thinketh no evil; Ere. Fal/Tric, oti.rapoimErat, ou_XoyaErat TO KaK6v, 6 ob.xaipEt of its own, is not quickly provoked, reckons not evil, " rejoices not touir trehinelieteitnhi niir ittze;  h all tri rij eteacict, acruyxaiptt".ei rij etNnOeict, 7 rcivra ariyEt, truth 1  7 bearer Love niinug,ss, el,op ail ŁAt unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth ; all things covers, things, endureth all ,Travra 7rtCrif l'/El, 7r6vra Ariet, 7e6vra tireltivet. 8 'H ciyarq things, 8 Charity never all things believes, all things hopes, all things endures. faileth : but whether they ire rael lbfea itl0;.  wuhees-i -lie-obak-orE bitr7rirrEt.11  eirLedi" irpoOnrElat, KarapyllObaovratŁ there be prophecies, fails; but whether prophecies, they shall be done away; never E7TE yNi'oacrat, red)crovratŁ Ł FITE yviiiatc, iC ar a p r 1 0) j a cr a i . they shall ceasegv 1  then tletrsehablel vknnoiwh- 'whether tongues, they shall cease ; whether knowledge it shall be done away. C iK.pipovc.yete lavdarKoitav, Kai lie itipovc 7rpoc571mitottEvŁ no ay: 9 For we know , phesy in part. 10 But For in part we know, and in part we prophesy ; in part, and we pro- 10 iirar.oi )1/4(97,7 TO rAttov, drort" T5 lie papavg Kar- when that which is i isinar .but when may come that which is perfect, then that in part shall be perfect is come, then apytieliaErat. 11 iirc ntniv tit'irrtoc, eeog." vcrtrtoc iXaovv," fees shall be cldioiie away[ done away. ,When I was an infant, as Ł an infant I spoke, as 11 When I was a child, Ł I spake as a ch3ld. I 2 , tir MC I0p6vovv, (h. virrtoc iXaytti,unv." Orz.g5ia y4ova understood as a child, tliaa  an infant I thought, as an infant I reasoned; but when I became I thought as a child : but when I became a ri vbp, Karinamca ret roii vitriol,. 12 OXitropEv.ydp man, I put away child. For we see ish things. 12 For now, it man, I did away with the things of the infant. ,— we see through a glass, iiprt sat.' 'ia67rrpou iv aiviy,uart, 7076.af rp6atdrov irpOs darkly; but then face obscurely, but then to to face: now I know now ,through a glass face inhpnaort ; but then shalll  irpticrunrovŁ art ytv6atatt lie tdpovg, romai hrtyvtLaoacte Itueec:  ; but the gtheste- face ; i now I know in part, but then I shall know am kwnoeZeunt  als3arnI iXric,  now alndeth faith, ica0c;ic Kai breyvt:taOriv. 13 vvvi.ai lava Triartc, according as also I have been known. And now abides faith, hope, tiyar.7, ra.rpia.raiiraŁ taituv_ai ran-wv t  etycirti. 66t of these is charity. love ; these three things; but the greater of these [is] love. XIV. Follow after 14 AitiiifETE TO asity ip' Zrixan-E,ai re, rrvevyarma, charity, and al desire  spirituals, rather'l- Pursue t tlove, , . and be emulous ofthatg-  tys  :3 maybtl  ityX,Lo.o.,, oh, prophesy. 2 For he that ,   aXX01'.13t iva TrpoOrEiniTE. 2 6.yap XaXaiv speaketh in an tat. ',put rather _that ye may prophesy. 'For he that speaks with a tongue, not known tongue speak- - eth not unto men, but P x53, LA. ,'1 Kew TrA:'_ --.'-r p.egtaravo.t LTT r. . 01)66. EOW. t Kay LTrA. v tticop,4) gŁ . Kal,  LA. e Kall040014aL I shall be burned T. Y ol'Anv T. . [-;) dyitirri] I.TrA t,  rue- T. LITrAW. . iAciAOVI,  47$ ViiirtOS 1TTrAW. f iflipOVOnv b iriffrit LTTrAf t LSO Tr. —4  Š Tore ..,B1.05 LTTrA. f -* SE but LTTrA. ' W6 vrjr.tos, aoyt‚Opmt, Zig ml.  THE IPEIMMII LITEM MINSLOTIO OF THE CREEK NEW TESTAMENTŠ WITH The _Authorized Version conveniently presented in the margins for ready reference And with the various readings of the editions of Elzevir 1624, Griesbaeh, Laehmann, Tisehendorf, Tregelles, Alford and Wordsworth. Price h M N N M N N $3.00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 Bond Street, New York City. The Cyclone Still Whirl! Sweeping Everything Clean Before It! SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY! Milton Junct., Wis., Nov. 13, 1895. Coon BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. Gentlemen: We are using one of the Cyclone Washers in our family, and from the prin-ciple on which it works and from what I have seen it do I do not hesitate to say that it is the best washer I ever saw. My wife says it will take out stains that she cannot, and takes out the dirt much easier, with no wear to the fabric. S. D. HARTWELL, State Agent Wis. Tract Society. La Crosse, Wis., Sept. 10, 1895. Mnssits. COONBaos.: I am much pleased with the Cyclone Washer. It does its work thoroughly and with entire satisfac-tion in every way. It can but prove a blessing to any family desiring their clothes washed easily, quickly, and without wear and tear. Yours respectfully, MRS. G. H. KISNER. Ł I- Ł  THE ONTARIO CASES.  A Sample Page. I CORINTHIANS.   XIII. XIV.  459 