bECEIVIBER 1', 1893. AMEIMEZICAN gEIVIPINTIHALI. 481 asking, but demanding, by pulpit, press, and petition, of Congress and various State legislatures, acts of legislation per-taining to the Sabbath. As a consequence ancient Sunday laws are now being en-forced and men have been arrested, fined and imprisoned for doing ordinary labor on that day, This course is usually at the instigation of members of the church who are determined that the, gospel they be-lieve shall be received by those who differ from them. Thus Sunday laws put the means in the hands of those who are big-oted to persecute persons who disregard their religious views. In the interest of liberty for all men, in the interest of true religion, is it not fit-ting that a vigorous protest should be made to every idea that makes one man the servant of another man's conscience, and degrades the wonderful gospel of Jesus Christ which is able to save all that accept it in faith as the power of God, to something that must be made subject to human enactment ? The man who has the highest regard for the Sabbath is just the one who will refuse to have it made the subject for enforcement by the police-man and constable. Nothing but the power of God can make a man able to keep the Sabbath. The State does not have such power and therefore has no right to demand its performance. God has the power in the gospel to enable the Sabbath to be kept " holy." He only has a right to punish for its rejection. There-fore let us render to Camar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. H. E. ROBINSoN. Ł Religion in Schools. FOR some time there has been a contro-versy over-the policy of the London School Board, in regard to religious instruction in the public schools. The controversy is not as to whether or not there shall be in-struction, but as to the amount. Those who are opposing an increase, agree that there should be some, and thereby they deprive their protest of all force. The following letter to the Daily Chronicle, from the member of the board who is mak-ing desperate efforts to have specific reli-gious teaching in the schools,Šmore of it, Šgives opportunity to speak briefly of the principles involved in the question :Š The Education Department, acting upon certain rumors, has inquired as to the kind of instruction which is being given to the Jews in the London Board Schools. The answer of the board, as re-ported yesterday, discloses the fact that for nearly twenty years a more or less organised system of Jew-ish instruction has been in force in certain of the schools, that the board has made a regular practice of appointing Jewish teachers, and that at the pres-ent moment the board is giving instruction at the ratepayers' expense in a "systematic knowledge of Judaism, with special reference to its distinctive dogmas and to tradition." This denominational teaching the board shows no disposition to abolish --very wisely, as I think, for I have a rooted objec-tion to teaching other people's children a religion which their parents do not believe in. But I could not help asking the board, as I now venture to ask your readers, why it is allowable to teach Jewish doctrines at the ratepayers' expense, but so very wrong to teach Christian doctrines in the same way. Why should the rights of Jewish parents be recog-nized, while the rights of Christian parents are so utterly disregarded that the writer of this letter, who has ventured to stand up for them, is treated as the enemy of religious liberty? I want justice for all, Christian, Jew, Unitarian, and Secularist alike; my only fault (surely a venial one) is that I am inclined to place the rights of parents before the convenience of a school board. That is a fair presentation of the case. There is no reason to doubt the honesty of purpose of the gentleman who wrote it.  And if the principle be conceded, that State schools ought to teach religion at all then the position taken in the letter is a very fair one. For if religion is to be taught at all, it is plain that the teaching ought to be definite and thorough; and the proposal that the parents have a right to say in what religion, if any, their children. shall be instructed, is just. There is no place in the world where re-ligion ought not to be, not in form, but in fact. True religionŠthe religion of Jesus ChristŠis not form, but fact, a living reality. And that is just the reason why it cannot be enforced by law, and cannot be taught by any system instituted by law. Therefore the teaching of religion in the public schools, is a far different thing from having religion in those schools. It is true that it is just as proper to teach Christian doctrines in schools, as it is to teach Jewish doctrines, because neither is proper. Let the thing be carried further. It is just as allowable to teach Catholicism as Judaism; just as allowable to teach Mo-hammedanism as Catholicism; just as allowable to teach Buddhism as Moham-medanism; just as allowable to teach Spiritualism as Buddhism; just as allow-able to teach infidelity as Spiritualism. "Oh, no, no; that would never do," says the advocate of religious instruction in Schools. Why not ? " Oh," would be the reply, " because infidelity and Spiritual-ism are wicked." Of course they are, but are Mohammedanism and Buddhism right-eousness ? " No ; and we would not allow them to be taught at the public expense." But we ask again, Do you think that Cath-olicism and Judaism are the truth ? " No; " would be the' reply, at least as far as Judaism is concerned; "but we must re-spect the rights of parents." The reader can see by this presentation of the case that the rights of parents are not considered at all; for none of those who clamor for religious instruction in schools would listen for a minute to a prop-osition to teach Spiritualism or Moham-medanism, no matter how many parents might be of those persuasions. But a Mo-hammedan, a Unitarian, a Spiritualist, a Mormon, or an infidel, is a man, and there-fore entitled to the same rights and priv-ileges as any other man. And there-fore we are forced to the conclusion that those who clamor for State instruc-tion in religion, do so only because they are persuaded that their particular system of religionŠtheir denominationŠwill be the gainer by it. The fact is, there is no justice nor equality in the thing. There is no such person as the government, who impartially supplies the money for religious training. All public money comes from the people. Now the writer of the above letter allows that it is not just to teach children at pub-lic expense a religion in which their par-ents do not believe. Neither is it just to tax people, whether parents or not, to teach the children of others that which they themselves do not believe. But that is just what is done when any form of reli-gion is taught in the schools. For all Christians are taxed for the support of Juda-ism, when it is taught in schools; and when a form of Christianity is taught, the Jews help to pay for that teaching; and infidels are taxed for the support of religion, when they do not believe in any form of it. It may be urged that equality is main-tained by using in the support of each form of religion, just the proportion of money that comes from the believers in that form. This is not true, since there are many forms of religion which would not be allowed a moment's consideration. If it were the case, then why not leave all the people - free to provide their own religious teach-ing, instead of having the civil government handle the money and provide the teach-ing ? Any religious teaching whatever in the public schools is manifest injustice, and in reality to none more than to those who are taught. As said before, true religion is a life, not a form, nor a creed. Christianity does not consist of a system of doctrine, but of a vital connection with Christ. But the most that can be taught in any pub-lic school, is an outline of certain doc-trines, so that the child is choked with a form, instead of being fed with the Bread of life. There are many who think that the rights of Nonconformists are in danger of being trampled upon in this attempt to increase the amount of religious instruction in the schools, which attempt comes mainly from the High Church party. This is true, but their protests are all useless, as long as they admit the right of the civil government to have anything whatever to do with religion. Civil government is not adapted to that end. It can indeed teach religion but not Christianity; but religion without Christianity is paganism, which is all that the State can ever teach or en-force. Therefore in the interest of pure and undefiled religion, in the interest of the pure Gospel of Christ, the Present Truth will never cease to call attention to the essential wickedness of State connec-tion with religion in any form whatever. ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Those Georgia Arrests. [The Atlanta Journal, of November 22, has the following account of the arrest of the two Seventh-day Adventists, referred to elsewhere in this paper.] LAST Sunday afternoon, in the city of Gainesville, Rev. W. A. cCutchen and Professor E. C. Keck were arrested and on Monday were tried and fined $50 and costs, before Mayor John A. Smith, for working on Sunday. Rev. Mr. McCutchen came to Gainesville last summer with a tent and held meet-ings there during the warm weather, and raised up quite a church in his faith This last fall they have built a new church and school-house in this city, and now have a high school and kindergarten school in full operation in their building, with Professor E. C. Keck, of Florida, in charge and Mrs. Keck teacher of the kindergar-ten. These people observe Saturday as their Sabbath, instead of Sunday, and they claim a right to work on Sunday after having kept Saturday. Last Sunday Professor Keck went out to the church and school-house to fix up some conveniences desired by Mrs. Keck in her kindergarten. Rev. Mr. McCutchen went along with him, and as they were there at work an officer came and watched them through a window for a few mo-ments and then went back to the city and arranged for their arrest, and returned with another officer and led the two men off to the calaboose, with their wives and children following and crying. In the trial on Monday it was developed by witnesses that the party who com-plained of these men lived half a mile away from where the work was done, and never saw them at work nor heard them, but simply heard that they were at work 