AMERICAN SENTINEL. 545 divorce without a protest; leaving him free to marry whom he chose. He at once selected the widow of his predecessor, Anne of Brittany." "You haven't told us anything of her at all, I think; did she make a good queen?" asked Harry Ray. "I am sorry if I neglected to mention something of her kindness of heart and real beauty of character; for it gives me much pleasure to do so. On account of the good sense of Queen Anne, the French court which was almost always noted for its gayety and dissipation, be-came, as history says, 'a model of propriety.' Thehappy people began Ł to think that prosperity had at last come to stay. The king was kind and paid his own debts, lowered, instead of increasing the taxes, and all things seemed to indicate a long reign of prosperity." "0 I hope there didn't anything dreadful happen to spoil it all," sighed Julia March. "Ah, but there did, Julia, there did ! King Louis was proof against the wicked suggestion to revenge himself on his enemies, and he nobly bore the temptation to squander the people's money as other kings had done. but against the whispers of the 'demon of ambition,' he was powerless. So, even as his foolish predecessor had done, he too, went over to Italy with an army, only to return after a while as badly beaten as Charles had been. King Ferdinand, of Spain, under whom Columbus made his wonderful discoveries, joined with Louis in a shame-ful raid against Naples. The pope was on hand to 'give' the country away, as usual, which of course he had no right to do. But though the king of Naples was driven out of the city, the pope treacherously formed a 'Holy League' against France, though he had only a short time before befriended her king, and so of course the humiliated Louis was glad to seek peace. Another pope, however, had ascended the papal chair, Julius the Second, and it was he who did this." " 'The League' must have been more 'holy' in name than in fact," remarked Joe Palmeter, as his teacher dis-missed the class. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. General Greeley's 278 Days of Death. THE true story of those 278 days of suffering by Greely's heroic little band of explorers in the Arctic region has been told by General Greely himself, for the first time, for the October Ladies Home Journal. For years General Greely has kept an unbroken silence about his fearful experience and that of his companions, as they dropped dead one by one at his side, and it was only after the greatest persuasion that the famous explorer was induced to write the story.  the Father is revealedŠthat " God was in Christ recon-ciling the world unto himself." Although the complete book will not be ready until about October 15th, the Prospectus has been issued thus early to enable our agents to make a Fall delivery. Our Tract Societies will handle this book in their respective States, therefore all orders for Prospectuses, price of which is $1.25 postpaid, and correspondence concerning terms and territory, should be addressed to them. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., Publishers. " Highly Pleased With It." A LADY who lately purchased a "Cyclone" washer writes :Š Washington, N. H., Aug. 1, 1898. A. MALLETT, New York, Dear Sir: After having examined several kinds of washing machines, I concluded to try the "Cyclone" Washer, and having tried it for three weeks am highly pleased with it. I shall recommend it to my friends as the very best in my opinion. MRS. H. I. FARNSWORTH. Send for descriptive circular and list of testimonials. If you want a washing machine buy the best, which is the Cyclone. Now is your chance to get one at a reduced price. Address A. MALLETT, 39 Bond St., New York. SEND FOR CATALOG OF OUR PUBLICATIONS if you have any idea of purchasing. Address, PACIFIC PRESS Pl7BLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: L Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or' Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN Or THE International Religious hibettty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. The Prospectus for " The Desire of Ages " is Now Ready. " THE Desire of Ages" is the title of a forthcoming volume by Mrs. E. G. White. It is intensely interesting and beautifully illustrated, and is devoted to the con-sideration of the great truth that in Christ the love of  Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00 Six months, .50 44 Ifi Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 