346 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. " Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are- God's." He only stated the under-lying principle of all government; and it is upon this principle that the followers of Clarist in every age have acted. In all civil things they have yielded . cheerful and implicit obedience, but they have gone to the block and to the stake rather than yield to Caesar the things that belong to God. And the Tennessee Adventists can do neither more nor less than the fol- lowers of Christ have ever done; they must, if they retain their Christian in- tegrity, remain loyal to God at any cost. It is admitted by the State of Tennessee, that in every thing except the matter of Sunday observance they are good citizens. It was likewise the testimony of Daniel's enemies that they could find no fault with him except as " concerning the law of his God." The Tennessee Adventists can, like Daniel, submit to whatever penalty the law imposes upon them; but they can not violate their conscientious convictions of, duty toward God, and remain Chris-tians. PRESIDENT FAIRCHILD of Oberlin Col-lege has thus stated in his " Moral Phil-osophy," the principles that should govern Christians in their relations to civil gov-ernment :Š Obedience is to be rendered to all human govern-ments, in subordination to the will of God. . . . It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is su-preme, and that, " we ought to obey God, rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can question the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible; to disobey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to execute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant, and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. . . . The second course will, in general, commend itself to considerate and con-scientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous, and, at the same time, a recogni-tion of government as a grave interest. Š0-- IN replying to the objection that the right of private judgment, as herein maintained, in reference to obedience to the laws of the land, would subvert gov-ernment, and introduce confusion and an-archy, President Fairchild says:Š Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying, contrary to the law, was the true friend and supporter of the government; while those who, in their pretended zeal for the law and the Constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real enemies. It is only when gov-ernment transcends its sphere, that it comes in conflict with the consciences of men. Š0Š THE principles thus cogently stated by one of our most eminent educators, can not fail to commend themselves to the better sense of every man. They fully justify the course thus far pursued by the Tennessee Adventists in their contest with the civil authorities of the State. May God help them still to Ł be true to their convictions, and to say as did the three faithful Hebrews : " If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will de-liver us out of thine hand, 0 king. But if not, be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor wor-ship the golden image which thou halt set up." Š C. P. B. The Hebrews and the.New York Code. ON Sunday, October_130, eighty-six em-ployees of S. M. LeVy and Co;, cloak-makers, at ,No. 123 Prince Street of Ł this city, were arrested'-charged with violation; of the laws against RundayŁwork.1 The prisoners were all ŁOebreVaS.,_ They were taken to the Prince.-Street pollee _Station and froni there to,:the;Jeffersen: Market Court, where the y were arraigned before Justice Ryan. After'reading tle;Stinday law to them, the Justice discharged them all, sixty-three men-  and tWeiaty-three women. It is probable that this was, the expres-sion of a personal animosity' on the part of the person making the complaint. There is also an attempt to show that it had a political significance, as -an attempt to secure votes for Tammany by intimida-tion. Whatever motive caused the act, however, does not reduce the injustice or the viciousness of the law, but that such motives as these may be attributed should rather call attention to the utter impro-priety of the existence of a law which can, with impunity, be put to such uses. Section 264, of the penal -code, which Justice Ryan quoted to them, reads :Š It is a sufficient defense to a, prosebution for serv-ile labor on the first day of the week, that the de-fendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time, and does not labor on that day, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time. All made the plea that they were ac-customed to rest on the seventh day. Ac-cording to the terms of the code, if they had not entered such a. defense, and not only that, but that they regarded it as holy time, they would have been subject to the penalty of five to fifteen dollars or five days imprisonment or both. By what right could Justice,  Ryan in-quire, into the religious belief and prac-tice of these Hebrews ? The same person who brought the complaint declares that three hundred more will be brought be-fore the justice on the same charge. Can no one be' found to present or hear a de-fense to these cases on the correct princi- ples of justice and law? W. H. M. Rome's Dearest Enemies. THE Duluth Evening Herald criticises editorially the utterances of Rev. L. H. Morey, of Stillwater, Minn., at a late Presbyterian Synod, on the public school question, in which he referred especially to Archbishop Ireland and the so-called " Faribault plan." Mr. Morey character-ized the plan as an attempt -to Romanize the public schools, and asserted that the press of America is controlled by " Rome's hush power." Of this the Evening Her-ald says :Š It is not the "hush power- of Rome" nor the scheming of Catholic prelates that the Republic has most to fear from at the present time. It is the manner in which the principles of our Govern-ment are gradually, but surely being subverted by the very men who are loudest in denouncing the Roman prelates. It is a Protestant religio-political combination, at whose instance the Constitution is being over-ridden, which aspires to exceed in this country even the power and supremacy which Rome has had in some of the European and South American countries. This religious hierarchy has already made subservient tools of the judicial, the legislative and executive branches of the Govern-ment. It is seeking to establish a national reli-gion and to compel all people within the borders of the Republic to obey laws which, in direct violation of the Federal Constitution, are framed in the in- terest of that religion. It is time that the people became alive to the dangerous character of 0114  religious conspiracy which strikes at the very foundatiohs of our Government. Certainly it is not the Rome which these rabid anti-Romanists antagonize, which is now subverting those principles of free government that should be of the highest value to all, the people, and the dearest prized by them and their legis-lators. It is the Rome which is within the professed anti-Romanists themselves. When they shall have fully Romanized themselves and this Government then there will no longer be antagonism but coalition. The Pope and the Roman prel-ates recognize this. Their prevision shows them the necessary result of the working of the present forces. They know that the opposition of such organizations as the National League for the Preservation of American Institutions, and the numer-ous secret orders devoted to the establish-ment of a business, social, and political boycott against Roman Catholicism, is but ephemeral and superficial at most. They know that these organizations are at heart, although unconscious of it, their allies. They hold and actively propagate those dogmas of political religion upon which Catholicism is based, and through the success of which it will finally attain its short lived triumph before the eventual catastrophe to which this religio-political combination is hurrying the country. Rome could not well dispense with the services of these who are now publishing themselves so fiercely as her enemies. They are the sappers and miners who go before and prepare the way for her. When papal principles and papal meth-ods have been accepted under the guise of Protestantism it will be but a simple thing to do away with the disguise. The truth is, that, but for the disguise which many clear eyes have already penetrated, false and popular Protestantism and Roman Catholicism are already virtually one. W. H. M. The Bare Facts. AN active agitation of the question of the Bible in the public schools is now going on in the State of Washington. This has opened a discussion of the whole matter of the patronage and employment of the forms of religion by the State. The origin of this was in a clause in the State Constitution which precludes any public school or- institution from receiv-ing public moneys if religious exercises are made a part of their regular proced-ure. It may be that there will be an effort to change this clause in the Consti-tution. The Seattle Post-Intelligeneer credits members of the constitutional convention who voted for this at the adoption and presentation to the people of the State Constitution, as saying that " they un-derstood it was simply to prevent State funds going to sectarian and parochial schools. Also that they considered its object was to defeat any attempt to secure State funds in supporting Roman Cath-olic institutions." That is, they under-stood that it was a measure discriminating in favor of one form of religion, by estab-lishing in the fundamental law of the State what they understood to be discrim-ination against another form of religion. What humbug, and what hypocrisy! Strip away the thin verbiage, and leave the bare facts ! They intended to con-struct the Constitution ,of the State to the 