684 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "During last century and the earlier part of this one the Protestant element was supreme, but since the rise of the Oxford movement the sacerdotal element has rap-idly developed and has now gained the supremacy. It is as strong now among the clergy as in the days of Archbishop Laud, but it has at last produced a strong revolt among the Protestant laity of the Anglican Church very similar to what took place in the time of the Long Parliament. "It is impossible to keep this question out of Par-liament in consequence of the state of the church being so closely connected with the government. The bishops and the high officers of the church are appointed by the government of the day, and the government is responsi-ble to Parliament, and practically the Anglican laity have no control over the clergy except through Parlia-ment, as they have no synods or self-governing courts. Therefore it is that strong debates have taken place in Parliament the last year or two and will probably be repeated, and the effect of all this is very educating upon the nation. "Sooner or later the Catholic and Protestant ele-ments must separate, for they are divided by an impas-sable gulf, and probably a good number of the extreme Ritualists will go over to Rome. Several hundred of the clergy have gone there already. "Rome regards this movement with great interest. Cardinal Vaughan recently said of the Ritualists:Š " 'They are doing our work much better than we our-selves could do it; they are sowing the seed, while we, with folded hands, are standing by waiting to reap the harvest.' "A Roman Catholic priest, writing from Manchester, says:Š "`At this hour five thousand Church of England clergymen are preaching from as many Protestant pul-pits the Catholic faith to catholicizing congregations much more effectually, with less suspicion and more ac-ceptance than we can ever hope to do. We could desire no better preparation for joining the Catholic Church than the Ritualist preparatory school, and the fact that from them we have secured the majority of our converts strengthens us in our view of it.' "It must be a matter of rejoicing to Romanism to hear Lord Halifax, the president of the English Church Union, which contains 4,000 clergy and 30 bishops, mostly colonial, saying in one of his addresses:Š "`We are convinced that there is nothing whatever in the authoritative documents of the English Church which, apart from the traditional glosses of a practical Protestantism, contains anything essentially irreconcil-able with the doctrines of the Church of Rome.' "The archbishops and the bishops are at last alarmed at the public agitation upon this question, and are feebly trying to arrest the movement; they are be-ginning to dread disestablishment. The two archbish-ops have formed a court to try cases of Ritualism, al-though they have no legal power to act in this manner. They have condemned the use of incense and processional lights in churches, but these are mere straws on the sur-face, and I much doubt whether they will deal with the roots of this movement. They are too much afraid of quarreling with the great High Church party. "The evil is, indeed, too deep to be removed by can- terizing the surface. The Catholic ideas of the unity of the church and of its apostolic descent have taken strong hold of many devout and cultivated men. Men imbued with reverence for the past, such as Gladstone was, are powerfully impressed by this conception of Catholic unity and continuity. Then large numbers of women have been brought under priestly power through the confessional, and they are training up their children in these sacerdotal views. It is undoubted that a long and arduous struggle is before us. What the end of it will be no one can prophesy." The Philippine Policy in the Light of the Golden Rule. From address by Carl Schurz, at Chicago Anti-Imperialist Convention. IMAGINE that in our revolutionary times France, being at war with England, had brought to this country a fleet and an army, and had, without any definite com-pact to that effect, co-operated as an ally with our revo-lutionary forces, permitting all the while the Americans to believe that she did this without any mercenary mo-tive, and that, in case of victory, the American colonies would be free and independent. Imagine then that, after the British surrender, at Yorktown, the King of France had extorted from the British King a treaty ceding, for a consideration of $20,000,000, the sovereignty over the American colonies to France, and that thereupon the King of France had coolly notified the Continental Congress and General Washington that they had to give up their idea of national independence and to surrender unconditionally to the sovereignty of France, wherefor the French King promised them "benevolent assimila-tion." Imagine, further, that upon the protest of the Amer-icans that Great Britain, having lost everything in the colonies except New York City and a few other little posts, had no sovereignty to cede, the French King an-swered that he had bought the Americans at $5 a head, and that if they refused to submit he would give them benevolent assimilation in the shape of bullets. Can there be any doubt that the Continental Congress and General Washington would have retorted that no mat-ter what the French King might have bought, Great Britain had no sovereignty left to sell; that least of all the Americans would permit themselves to be sold; that the French, in so treating their American allies after such high sounding professions of friendship and gener-osity, were a lot of mean, treacherous, contemptible hypocrites, and that the Americans would rather die than submit to such wolves in sheep's clothing. And will any patriotic American now deny that, whatever quibbles of international law about possible cessions of a lost sovereignty might be invented, such conduct of the French would have been simply a shame, and the Americans of that time would have eternally disgraced themselves if they had failed to resist unto 