 4-4-4  AMERICAN SENTINEL. 507 ered in the first. New judges succeeding the present mem-bers of the court may take exactly the opposite view to theirs where the facts are to all intents and purposes identical. FROM all this we see that human law differs radically from physical law, for example, in that it is, in the last analysis, a matter of opinion and not a matter of demon-stration. Change your professor of natural philosophy as often as you pleaseŠyou will get the same statement of the law of gravitation. Change your judges, and you will very probably change your law and get new ideas of constitutionality, interpretation and application. THIS judicial opinion, which is the law for the time being, binds an attorney as it does not bind the people at large. Setting aside matters of conscience, all are bound alike to obey the law as it is judicially construed. But the attorney, who is an officer of the court, who holds his position subject to its judgment upon his conduct as such, who comes before it to inquire concerning its judg-ment on certain facts, is, according to the etiquette of the profession, debarred from criticising the court's conclu-sions. He is like to a military officer attending a council of war. He gives his ideas; he argues his positions; he defends and attacks a series of propositions. But when he and the rest have all exhausted their resources and the commanding general has ordered that a certain movement shall be undertaken, it would hardly be con-considered appropriate in him to return to his men and denounce his superior's estimate of the surrounding con-ditions and determination as to the most advisable course for his army, under the circumstances. AND here I am reminded of that fine and philosophi-cal distinction made by Cardinal Newman between assent and belief. I cannot agree with that master of beautiful English in his position that belief is a matter of will. If I remember rightly, he boastsŠhe always gloried in the extent and intensity of his "faith"Šthat he was able to believe in the liquefaction of the blood of St. Januarius, and in the "winking virgin" by merely resolving (through grace, of course) to do so. This is beyond me. Never-theless, I cheerfully concede that belief is one thing and assent is another. AND I suppose that assent to a court's opinion of the law is all that can be demanded of an attorney. There is certainly no obligation on him, when he takes his place on the Bench of the Supreme Court, to officially indorse the opinion of any or all of those who havepreceded him. or of those with whom he thus becomes associated, "Respect" fairly sums up his accepted duty in this regard. Not even assent is required of him. IT is manifestly impossible to keep the action of the Supreme Court of the United States altogether out of the domain of politics. The fact that it has frequently to deal with matters over which contending statesmen have striven fiercely before the people, concerning which party platforms have given forth no uncertain sound, which have aroused the fiercest passions, and have been keenly discussed from every possible standpoint by a ubiquitous press, exposes its work to all the dangers and all the ad-vantages of the widest publicity. And this suggests some points of peculiarity in the composition of the Supreme Court which are not generally attended to, and may form the subject of a future contribution. Sunday Enforcement in Muncie, Ind. IN our last issue, we made mention of the inaugura-tion of a crusade by the "Young Men's Christian Band" of that place, for the enforced observance of Sunday. From a report published in the Indianapolis News, of July 30, it appears that the movement has already borne fruit, but not of a very Christian character. Recently, this "Christian Band " published in all the papers in Muncie, a pronouncement, setting forth the character of the Band and its intentions. This man-ifesto declared that "The Young Men's Christian Band is an organized body of earnest Christian young men, who are banded together for the purpose of doing whatsoever the Master would like to have them do.' Their motto is 'Not to be ministered unto, but to minis-ter.' " It stated that for a long time the members of the band have viewed the "wholesale desecration of the Christian Sabbath" and the decrease of Sunday observ-ance as being "one of the greatest dangers to our Chris-tian nation and to Christ's cause." Also, that "decad-ence of Sabbath observance is an outrage on labor and capital." It recited the fourth commandment, which commands the observance of the seventh day as the Sabbath, and quoted also the Indiana statute for Sun-day observance, as being "based upon this divine law," Šforbidding all secular labor except works of charity and necessity, and all rioting, hunting and fishing on the first day of the weekŠand warned all grocery men, meat mar- kets, bakeries, fruit stores, confectioneries, notion stores, bicycle shops, ice cream parlors, tobacco stores, and even drug stores and news stands that the running of their business on Sunday could not be considered a work of necessity or of charity. The closing paragraphs read thus:Š " Without fear or favor, and with no other than a Christian motive, we call upon every person who has been following his regular vocation and doing business on Sunday to close up and observe the day as a day of rest. We also invite and urge the hearty cooperation 