178 AMERICAN SENTINEL, end, to enable him to live in comfort and decency, be "work of necessity?" If not, what does "necessity" mean? He is a married man (most workingmen are) and has a wife and children to support? Is work done that is necessary for their support "work of necessity," if done on Sunday? And is there anything like "charity" in the act or acts which provide them with food, cloth-ing, and decent and comfortable surroundings? Does "charity" mean that little children shall not suffer from hunger or insufficient clothing or squalid and unsani-tary surroundings, and from all the adversities which poverty brings? And if a man has to work six days in the week, and one of those days Sunday, to save his family from poverty, is such Sunday work "work of charity?" Or consider the case of the man who does not ob-serve'the seventh day, but who cannot find steady work and is obliged to take all the work he can find to get along. If he works on Sunday, and thereby adds to his scanty resources for supporting himself and :his family in decency and comfort, is such work "work of neces-sity" or of "charity?" The Sunday law does not allow that it is, either in this case or (in some States) in the case of the man who observes another day. In Tennes-see, in Georgia, in Pennsylvania, and in other States, by the rule of the Sunday law it is not necessary nor charitable for a man to provide for himself and his family under the circumstances we have described. We have known of poor families in this country whom the Sunday law has deprived of their entire means of sup-port, the husband and father being thrown into jail solely because he worked on Sunday to support them; so that if kind hands had not been extended to them from without, they would have been entirely destitute. And yet this was under a Sunday law which always excepted "works of necessity and charity." The truth is that opportunity to work six days in the week is a necessity to most men and to those de-pendent on them. The opportunity to do this without violating conscience is likewise a necessity. The Cre-ator recognized this when he provided for six days of work: "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work." More than this: the personal liberty and freedom of choice with which the Creator has endowed every man, is also a necessity. If it had not been such the Creator would trot have bestowed it upon the human family. The Sunday laws, while claiming to respect necessities, interfere with all these necessities; and these necessities in turn demand that such laws should be abolished. A law which denies to any person the necessities of life, is not only uncharitable but inhuman. - 41' LAw cannot bring men nearer to the perfect Stand-ard of goodness, and therefore cannot make them better than they were-before. If perfection of law is demanded  as the essential of success in reforming society, this was in the law that was proclaimed to the world from Mount Sinai. If power to impress the-law upon the minds of the people is thought to be the missing essen-tial, there was no lack of this in the sight of Sinai's, smoking, burning summit, and the voice of thunder that shook the earth. Yet all this only drove the sinful people further from the Lord than they were before. Under the Sunday Law of Mississippi. ARRESTS DUE TO RELIGIOUS ANIMOSITY. THE SENTI- MENT OF THE COMMUNITY AGAINST SUCH WORE. THE readers of the SENTINEL will remember the trials of J. H. Nash and myself last July at Amory, Miss,. for Sunday work. We were each tried in the justice-court before a jury which returned a verdict of not guilty and we were acquited. This we supposed would be the end of the matter and in ordinary cases of crime it would have been, for the law declares that an acquittal in such a court is a bar against any further accusation for the same offense. But while Sunday work is being done almost any Sunday by those who profess to keep the day: yet forone who conscientiously observes the seventh day as the Sabbath to neglect to pay due re-spect for Sunday is considered so heinous a crime that it would seem he must be dragged from one court to another till a jury can be found sufficiently blinded by religious prejudice to convict him. Hence the officer of the law has come and arrested Brother Nash, and I have been notified to appear before the circuit court at Aberdeen where we are called to answer the second time for the same offense. It is evident that the directors of this inquisition would have preferred a new case if they could have found one, for we have been informed by one man that he was offered a dollar to watch the Adventists on Sunday. We are glad to say that this unjust, unchristian and unlawful treatment we are receiving at the hands of a certain class whom we need not describe, does not represent the better part of our community. We have honorable men of breadth of mind and character who are not afraid to speak against such injustice, and they have given expression to their sentiments in the follow-ing words which have been signed by tbe most prominent men of our community:Š "TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: "WHEREAS an effort is being made by certain parties, to bring:hardships upon a class of conscientious Chris-tian people in our community, known as Seventh-day.  Adventists, by arraigning them before the courts for the most trivial acts in the way of work which they may have done on Sunday, after resting on the Sabbath; "Therefore, we, the undersigned citizens of Monroe County, Miss., do hereby express our dissapproval of 