148 THE AIVIERICA1:\I SENTINEL. and insect powder! Such an extension Of the powers of government is to us almost inconceiva-able, both on account of its tyranny and on ac-count of its preposterous absurdity; and yet such regulations are not regarded in Russia as any-thing extraordinary, and one sometimes finds the police engaged in work that is even more remark-able than the regulation of the sale of tooth-brushes and insect powder. I have in my posses-sion the original report of a Russian police pristav, written upon a printed form, in which the officer notifies his superior that, in compli-ance with instructions of such and such a date, he has called upon such and such persons, who are named, and has admonished' them that they must partake of the Holy Communion, upon penalty of an administrative calling to account [pod opaseniem v' protivnom sluchae kazennaho vziskania]; This document bears in capital letters at the top of the first page the words, 'Ukase [oo-kaz] of his Imperial Majesty the Autocrat of all the Russias.' In the news-paper Sibir (See-beer) for July 10, 1883, it is stated, as a matter of news, that the police au-thorities of the city of Irkutsk have just received orders to admonish all persons who have been neglectful of religious duty, and to oblige them to partake of the sacrament. The use of the police power as a means of compelling indifferent or backsliding Christians to partake of the Holy CommunionŠthe sending of an armed man in a blue uniform to drag another man to the table of the Prince of Peace, and to compel him to eat and drink the symbols of the broken body and shed blood of ChristŠis something that has riot often been seen, I think, outside of Russia, since the Dark Ages." A few words only are necessary to show that this very state of things must exist in this country, if the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, succeed in carryingŁout their (ir)religious designs. All of these associations heartily indorse Mr. Blair's proposed amend-ment to the Constitution, which requires that the principles of the Christian religion be taught in the public schools. It has already been shown in these columns that the adoption of that amend-ment would require that text-books on religion be issued, and that both text-books and teachers should be in harmony with the standard of relig-ion that would be recommended by the ecclesias-tical authorities. But when that is done it will be necessary that a strict watch should be kept to see that no other text-book is brought in ; and to see that no teacher presumes to inculcate any ideas of his own, that may be different from the established religion. The individuals who will have this matter in charge may not be called police, but their duties will be exactly such as are defined in the articles above numbered one, twenty, and twenty-two. They will have to regulate religious instruction in secular schools. They will have to note if any books and plans of instruction are used that are not approved by the ecclesiastical authorities, and they will have to oversee the meetings of school-teachers to guard against the introduction of any-thing in their discussions that shall differ in any way from the standard of religion set by those ecclesiastical authorities. In short, they will have to see that religion is not discussed at all ; for it must be obvious to any thinking person that when the State, having taken counsel of the elders, prescribes the religion for its citizens, re- ligious discussion is at an end. School-teachers will have no business to question the text-books, and they will not dare presume to make any .i-teration. If anything different is to be taught, it will have to be decided upon by the ecclesiastical authorities of the Nation, just as in the days of old in Europe, no new thing can be even men-tioned in the school unless a new council has passed upon it. When the council shall have de-cided upon what shall be taught the people, the school-teachers and ministers of low degree will have simply the duty of handing to the people that which has been given to them by their superiors. Again, the enactment of a strict national Sun-day law will require that the powers of the police be very greatly magnified. Indeed, the Sunday law is often called-  "a police regulation," showing that the enforcement of the law will rest largely in the hands of the police. Of course the number of police will have to be greatly increased in order that they may keep an oversight over all the people, to see that no one violates the law. It will be their duty, also, as in Russia, to "ad-monish" people who do not attend divine service at stated intervals. The leaders in the Sunday-law movement openly avow that their desire for a Sunday law is that people may go to church. But as we have before shown, if the mere enactment of a Sunday law does not accomplish their designs, they will necessarily have to amend it so as to re-quire attendance at church. Moreover, Mrs. Bateham has said that what they want is the "ideal sabbath of the Puritans;" the guarantee to rest and to worship. Now we have before us some of the laws by which that ideal sabbath was secured, and we will quote them. In Robert Wodrow's "Selections from the Records of the Kirk Session, Presbytery, and Synod of Aber-deen," we find the following :Š " It is thocht expedient that ane baillie with tua of the session passed throw the towne everie Sabbath-day, and nott sic as they find absent fra the sermons ather afoir or efter none, and for that effect that they pass and serche sic houss as they think maist meit." In his collections he says that the session allows the searchers to go into the houses and ap-prehend absentees from the Kirk. In the records of the governor and company of the Massachu-setts Bay in New England we find that in 1629 the first Sunday law in the colony read thus:Š " And to the end the Saboth may bee celebrated in a religious manner we appoint, that all that inhabite the plantacon, both for the gen'all and pticuler im-ploymts, may surcease their labor every Satterday throughout the yeare at 3 of the clock in the after-noon, and that they spend the rest of that day in catichising and pparacon for the Saboth, as the min-isters shall direct." This is very similar to the law now required by the American Sabbath Union. But that law was found insufficient to meet the desires of the eccle-siastics, and so in 1634 they supplemented it by the following:Š " Whereas complaints hath bene made to this Court that dyvers psons within this jurisdiccon doe vsually absent themselves from church meetings vpon the Lord's day, power is therefore given to any two As-sistants to heare and sensure, either by ffyne or im-prisonmt (att their discrecon), all misdemeanrs of that kind committed by any inhabitant within this jurisdiccon, provided they exceed not the ffyne of vs for one offense." It worked then just as we have said it will work now. First was the strict Sunday law. Then was the law requiring everybody to go to church, and allowing officers to search the town to discover absentees. In 1782 an act was passed en-joining the worship of almighty God, as an essen- tial part of the due observance of the Lord's day, and imposing a fine of ten shillings upon any able person who shall absent himself for a month from the public worship of God on the Lord's day. This statute provided for wardens to enfore.e the law, and gave them power to enforce it by stopping travelers, and by entering all places where they may find or think they may find Sabbath-break-ers. That is the "ideal sabbath of the Puritans." That is the condition of things that Mrs. Bate-ham wishes to see in this country. When it shall be brought about we shall have a despotism fully -as bad as that of Russia. Mr. Kerman says that Russian police are "a sort of incompetent, bu-reaucratic substitute for divine Providence." If the American Sabbath Union and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union shall secure their desired ends, we shall have a police who will not only be a substitute for divine Providence, but a substitute for men's consciences. Is there an American who has any love for freedom? If there is let him protest vigorously against any such usurpation. E. J. w. Sunday and Sunday Newspapers. As referred to elsewhere in these columns, the question of Sunday newspapers is agitating the minds of some of the good people of Sacra-mento, this State, and the editor of one of the dailies of that city has felt called upon to explain at some length his position in the premises. We quote as follows from the Record- Union of May 8 :Š " The Woodland Democrat quotes in full an editorial note of the Record- Union, concerning the manifest antagonism of public sentiment to the Sunday hoodlum picnic, and the growing dis-position to secure for the one day in seven more of consideration as a day when boisterous amuse-ments, carousal, and rowdyism ought to cease. In that article we also said that the sentiment re-ferred to was not opposed to rational use of the day, as good taste, -Vic demand for change, and the necessities of rest and recuperation, require, even when these are manifest by indulgence in reasonable amusements. Upon such expression our contemporary thus comments:Š " The above is from the Record- Union, and right be-side this friendly sympathy with the sentiment against Sabbath desecration is a blazing advertisement stating that the Record- Union, in order to be ' abreast with the times,' will issue a regular Sunday edition. This is not a youthful ebullition, but the determination of a respectable, staid, elderly journal. How does it seem as to consistency?' "We are amazed that so old a journalist as the editor and proprietor of the Democrat should have committed himself to the confession of such rank ignorance. The intelligence bounded by a comprehension that cannot distinguish between rowdy picnics, boisterous amusements, and drunken routs, and the sober and educating voca-tion of issuing a clean newspaper for reading by the people on Sunday, or any other day, is really unworthy of consideration. But since our con-temporary asks how the expression quoted from the Record-Union, and its announcement of the Sunday Union, can lie reconciled, we are disposed to reply, since it will reach a few other hide-bound people who strain at a gnat and swallow a camel in disapproving of a newspaper that is compiled, originated, composed and made ready for the press on Saturday, but who do not even entertain the suggestion of gagging over a news-paper that is the product of Sunday work entirely, 