580 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. chusetts had to bind the conscience of Roger Wil-liams. There is no difference in principle between Puritanism and Papacy. Puritanism simply dis-places the despotism of the " supreme pontiff " by the despotism of the commune. Christianity, offers 4‚  the glorious liberty of the sons of God." B. AN EVIL NATIONAL EXAMPLE. THE influence of the Sunday-law crusade and apostasy from true principles in the American churches is felt even in distant lands, where most of the people know nothing really of what is going on in America. The churches that have been working these many years to get control of the.state have been sending out missionaries educated in the prin-ciples of artificial religion. It was at the suggestion of some of these, and with an idea of following the plan of American organizations, that a missionary Sunday-enforcement society was started in India some years ago; and what is done at home is urged to justify similar action abroad. Thus the home or-ganizations, in making in America a likeness or image to the Papacy, are at the same time, in a very literal sense, " saying to them that dwell on the earth that they should make an image to the beast," the symbol of the papal power. Circumstances in mission fields furnish many ways in which this idea of man-made religion may find vent. ,Here is an example: There is a Christian Marriage Act in India for the proper registration of marriages between Christians according to church rites. The heathen peoples have their own tribal regulations. Lately various missionaries have been discussing their experiences in dealing with mem-bers of their churches who marry ',heathen, and corn-promise by doing 'so in the heathen way'. It was suggested by several writers in the Baptist Missionary Review, of Madras, that the missionary should prose-cute such members at the law. Surely the law does not contemplate forbidding the Christian to apostatize and marry according to the heathen rites. Of course the Christian who does so is a heathen at heart, though in technical missionary phrase, and legally, I suppose, he would be classed as a Christian. There seemed some difficulty in stating the justification for the course urged. So a missionary writes, basing his argument on the precedent of American laws for the purpose of making men Christians: " The real raison d'etre [of the American Sunday  law] has no religious bearing whatsoever. It is the physical and moral welfare of the people at large whose protection is designed. If °one man is al-lowed to desecrate the Sabbath others will follow his example until there will' really be no day of rest, and so the whole people will suffer. Hence it is deemed expedient that here and there an offender should suffer in order that the masses may be saved. Have we not a somewhat similar case in this matter of prosecuting Christians? If an-ignoi-ant Christian is allowed to marry heathen fashion with impunity then he himself will not only be excluded from the church, but because of him many others also. The children and children's children of these thus excluded, will, in all probability, be shut out from the physically and morally uplifting influences of Christian teach-ing. A great wrong will thus be clone them. Is it not expedient, then, that we should nowlnd then hold our feelings in abeyance and set the law in mo-tion upon offenders against the law of marriage in order that the great wrong I refer to, be not done to their offspring and others within the sphere of their influence. It is not a spiritual matter at all, but one like that of Sunday observance at homeŠthe protec-. tion of the welfare of the many against the wicked-, ness of the few. And who are there beside the mis-sionaries to guard in this way the interests of the people who are to come, and so make the nation.  better physically, mentally, and morally? " Your readers will recognize at once the familiar justification for Sunday laws, in phrase almost iden- tical with the argument of Caiaphas in urging the prosecution of Jesus: "Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient for us that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." There is no parallel beWeen the case of the man who follows the Bible and i's prosecuted under Sunday laws and the man who goes in the way of the heathen. But this habit of justifying resort to the powers of the law to punish 'men who act irre-ligiously has worked ruin in all time. And now that America is popularizing the papal methods of mak-ing men religious, the whole world Will feel the evil influence of it. - The idea that somehow or other Christians can be manufactured is all abroad in mission fields. It gives a wholly artificial idea of what the Christian religion is. The other day I came across the case of a preacher for a certain mission who was sorry he had become a Christian! But here is a missionary.  (American, too, I think) who wants to compel a man by law to stop in the church in spite of his desire to go into heathen apostasy. The heathen are con- 