AMERICAN SENTINEL. 151 doctrine he taught, that it would leave them the helpless prey of their enemies, and they would be swallowed up in Roman captivity. This was enough to stir up the world-loving priests and Pharisees, and would yet instill into the selfish mobs, murderous hate, and satanic fury. Jewish patriotism was of the incendiary kind, and it stood for allegiance to the god of this world. Through all centuries there has been strife between the powers of good and evil to win and to keep subjects fo'r the kingdoms they represent. At the time of Christ's advent to the world, it seemed as if the powers of evil were to win a world-wide triumph, and that the Usurper was to ally all men on his side, and that the true King was to be left without one advocate or witness. Satan had taken the place of Christ, and had organized the state and the church according to his own perverted ideas. He, through priestly representatives, domineered over men's conscience, and compelled them to pay hom-age in his synagogue through the force of the sword, if not willingly. He sat in the temple of God, showing himself to be God, and the worship men gave, was given to devils. The powers of hell were stirred against the Redeemer of the world; for he was invading the kingdom Satan wished to secure, and compelled the Usurper to rally his forces that he might banish the disturber, and make fast his subjects. It would not do to come out in candor and display his hellish banner. The grace and truth of the true King made it impossible to appear in his real char-acter, and therefore the Usurper must disguise himself and mask his plans, and stir men against Christ on a false issue. It was he who insisted that it was not safe to let him alone, and that of all enemies to the nation, none were so dangerous as was the humble Teacher of Galilee. Nursing the fear of hell, listening to the terrors of the devil, men were prepared to go to the lengths of his hate, and take his council through the mouth of the high priest, "Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." They were rec-onciled to the cross and the agony of Calvary on the plea of expediency. Thus they found an excuse for crud_ fying the Lord of life and glory, because in their selfish reasoning they decided that it was not safe to let him alone. At infinite sacrifice the Father had sent his beloved Son to win back his rebellious, suffering subjects. Divine pity had prompted the great heart of Love to send a Deliverer to his oppressed world, that groaned under satanic dominion. The Deliverer had manifested his su-perior power, and had broken the chains of sin, sickness, sorrow, and death. No dungeon of the enemy could be barred so that he could not enter and say to the captive "Go free." The Word of God went forth conquering and to conquer, and the ranks of tradition were melting away in weakness before the battalions of God's host. A divine power attended Christ's ministry; but men had long reigned in the temple of God, and this Jesus was not of their choosing. He had not been educated in the school of the rabbis, nor did he bear the credentials of the Sanhedrim. He was not sent forth trained in the doctrines and traditions of the synagogue of Satan. They were determined to put a stop to his intrusion into their special field of teaching. They would check the work, and hinder men from allying themselves with heaven. This was what led them to decide that it was not safe to let him alone. They acted in the name of both church and state; for he was jeopardizing the na-tion, and overthrowing the established religion. His doctrine cast contempt on tradition, and exalted the Word of God alone. The cherished observances would be set aside, the priesthood would be brought into irrev-erence, the Jewish religion would be given up for a new heresy, and when unity ceased, the nation would go to pieces. It was out of the question to leave him undis-turbed. Having reached the decision of the peril of giving to Jesus civil and religious liberty, of allowing him free speech and unhindered action, they speedily completed their plans for cutting off the disturber. False witnesses were secured, a betrayer found, soldiers equipped, the inquisitors set on the scent, and the Son of God sub-mitted himself to the impotent hands of men. He was first brought before the religious teachers and leaders, and by them delivered to a reluctant, man-fearing state official, who found no fault with him, but who, to save himself, crucified the Lamb of God. Hearken diligently, even in this day and age of the world; for the old cry is sounding, and again the coun-cils of priests and Pharisees are deciding that it is not safe to let those alone who represent their Lord, and teach the Word of God, setting it in opposition to the traditions of men. F. E. B. ŁIiŁ . 4' IMPERIALISM might expand the nation's territory, but it would contract the nation's purpose. . . . This republic is not a wayward son; it has not spent its substance in riotous living. It is not ready to re_ trace its steps, and with shamed face and trembling voice solicit a humble place among the servants of roy-alty. . . . God grant that the crowned heads of Eu-rope may never have occasion to kill the fatted calf to commemorate its return from reliance upon the will of the people to dependence upon the authority which flows from regal birth-or superior force. . . . Other nations may dream of wars of conquest and of distant dependencies governed by exterior force; not so with the United States. The fruits of imprialism, be they bitter or sweet, must be left to the subjects of monarchy. This is the one tree of which the citizens of our republic may not partake. It is the voice of the serpent, not the voice of God, that bids us eat.ŠWilliam Jennings Bryan. 