150 AMIIEJIEZI C A INT Ed VOL. 11, No. 19. victed of firing the shot into the meeting and sent to Spain for punishment. " Mr. Diaz is an M. D. as well as a rev-erend, and he once conducted a hospital here. " For many years he has received financial aid in support of his institutions from Baptists in the United States. " He has organized in Cuba thirty churches and stations and twenty-six Sunday-schools. He has twenty-five assisting clergymen. Seven churches have a membership of 7,000. He has over 3,000 teachers and pupils, and annually he baptizes 300 or 400 persons. " The Southern Baptist Church bought for Diaz a theatre in Havana at a cost of $60,000. It seats 3,000 persons. In this building his mother was converted, and he says that so overcome was he with joy that he forgot the usual ceremony, and could only say: Lord Jesus, this is my mother,' when he immersed her. " Mr. Diaz has not taken any active part in the revolution, but he has given utterance re-peatedly to sentiments favorable to the success of the Cuban cause." NAMES OF THE DAYS OF THE WEEK. A SUBSCRIBER asks us to give the origin of the days of the week. " The week," says the " Encyclopaedia Britannica," " is a period of seven days, hav-ing no reference whatever to the celestial motions,Ša circumstance to which it owes its unalterable uniformity. . . . It has been employed from time immemorial in almost all eastern countries; and as it forms neither an aliquot part of the year nor of the lunar month, those who reject the Mosaic recital will be at a loss, as Delambre remarks, to assign to it an origin having much semblance of probability. . . . " The English names of the days are de-rived from the Saxon. The ancient Saxons had borrowed the week from some Eastern nation, and substituted the names of their own divinities for those of the gods of Greece. In legislative and justiciary acts the Latin names are still retained. Latin. English. Saxon. Dies Solis. Sunday. Sun's day. Dies Luna). Monday. Moon's days. Dies Martis. Tuesday. Tiw's day. Dies Mercurii. Wednesday. Woden's day. Dies Jovis. Thursday. Thor's day. Dies Veneris. Friday. Friga's day. Dies Saturni. Saturday. Seterne's day. " WHAT'S IN A NAME'?" THE Christian Statesman of the 18th ult., has the following under the heading "Sabbath Reform" :Š Rev. N. R. Johnston of Oakland, Cal., State Secre-tary, has sent out the following: " The California State Sabbath Association will hold its first annual convention in San Francisco on the 14th of May next. The arrangements had all been made before the date of the Prohibition convention was known. The com-mittee appointed to invite speakers and make out the program invited the honored old standard bearer, John Bidwell of Chicago, to be the presiding officer and make the opening address. In his letter of reply he writes the following sentences. To the Prohibi-tionists they are golden. He says: ' I am still firm in the faith that the ballot which destroyed the Christian sabbath can alone restore it. Until Chris-tians use this invincible power will God give them any other ? One old political party repealed our sabbath law. The other will not restore it. Both are afraid of the liquor power whose servants they are.' " It appears from this that the great object of the Prohibition party is to honor Sunday. THE CARDINAL'S PROPHECY; OR, A VATICAN VISION. 1.  The Cardinal sat (in his brand new hat), and he dreamed a lugubrious dream : He heard Europe's battle-drums beating for war; he beheld all her bayonets gleam; And he says, says he, one may easily see a catastrophe cannot be far; Seven millions of men, and all armed to the eyes, must portend a most terrible war! 2.  Heigho! it is sad; yet the world is so bad that it calls for this bloody self scourging; For which unaware, all the nations prepare, as directed by Heaven's own urging The ill wind of war, which I snuff from afar, shall blow good to the See of St. Peter; And, stablish, I hope, the sole sway of the Pope. Could a Nemesis well be completer? 3.  The rascal apostles of Red Revolution have pulled down the temporal power; Heaven's justice must seat Humpty-Dumpty again; while his enemies grovel and cower. But chastisement dire and a scourge as of fire are a sine qud non for redressing That hideous wrong; and so, armaments strong claim a Cardinal'sŠsorrowful blessing! 4.  Threat is not my intent; 'tis a pious lament. I'm ex-ceedingly grieved to foresee it; But the great Dies Irae of " Reds " is at hand, 'tis too late, they'll discover, to flee it. I plainly perceive that the councils of Heaven, have settled the term of their tether. Seas of blood must atone, and the POPE have his own Šthen we all may be happy together. 5.  Not in Dollinger's fashion,Šthe mooning schismatic! how dares he to prate about unity? Those blundering babblers at Bonn must be shown that they can't shunt the POPE with impunity. The Sirens of Schism sing vainly of peace though they warble as sweetly as Patti can. The only true pan-pipe to marshal the flock of the Church is that played at the Vatican. 6.  On woes men must sup ; Messrs. Armstrong and Krupp are preparing the meal most unwittingly; Big gun and torpedo shall stablish our Credo; so Providence fashions it fittingly. Saltpetre shall fume for St. PeterŠan incense un-pleasant, but yet an oblation Supplied unawares by those foes of the Church who are destined to self-immolation. 7.  Steel, powder and shot, they will soon make it hot for thy spoilers, Infallible Vicar! On that deluge of blood the Sole Ark of the Faithful shall float to its haven the quicker. It is sadŠthat of course! but if murderous force prove the backer of Church School, and Nunnery, No doubt it is true, that from this point of view, there's a sort of a Gospel in Gunnery. 8.  Lays Deo ! yet stop! No, the mask must not drop. I'm a peace-loving man and a pastor. No firebrand am I, though I see in Fate's sky all the omens of woe and disaster. The Ale of Cassandra I grieve to assume, and lest any should find it alarming, I'll put up a pious and fervent petition forŠUnity, Peace, and Disarming. ŠLondon Punch. CONTEMPT FOR THE LAW. [New York World, April 26.] THE tentative and technical support given to the Raines law by the Appellate Court will, so far as it has any moral effect, prove a dis-tinct injury to public morals. People will say, " if this is law, so much the worse for law." They will say that if a statute may be, as the court declares, " unjust, unwise, op-pressive and odious," and yet perfectly consti-tutional, " A fig for your Constitution." The object of a constitution is to "establish  justice," " promote the general welfare " and " secure the blessings of liberty " to all the people. How, then, the plain people will ask, can a law which is " unjust, unwise, oppressive and odious " be in accordance with the constitution ? The object of statute law is to maintain peace and order, to protect life and property and to guarantee the rights and privileges of the citizens. The equal rights of equal citi-zens under equal and just laws ought to be the distinguishing mark of good government in a republic. When the constitution and laws subserve these purposes they are universally respected. Under such conditions that " respect for the constable " which has been cited as an evi-dence of high civilization becomes natural and proper. But when laws discriminate between classes and communities, . . when they unduly restrict personal liberty, interfere with the public's comfort and necessities, impose an obligation to observe " holy time" upon thou-sands to whom all time is equally good, and in general nag, oppress, restrain and afflict peaceable and orderly citizens, they fall into contempt. . . The consequences of this stimulated law-lessness may prove more serious than those responsible for it have imagined. THE MATABELE INSURRECTION. [Mail and Express, April 241 IT is not likely that we will hear the Matabele side of the outbreak in South Africa. Savages do not write books or correspond with the newspapersŠotherwise a good deal of what is accepted as history might have to be rewritten. According to trustworthy accounts, however, the English in their treatment of natives in the newly acquired regions of South and Central Africa, follow the same rule as did the Spaniards in Central and South America, after the nominal abolition of native slavery by Charles V. in 1542. The natives were made free in name, but they were made in effect serfs of the crown instead of the slaves of individuals. A capitation tax was imposed amounting to about $1 a head and exacted in the form of personal service. We are told of this system that it really increased the miseries of the natives and kept them in a condition of bondage, although undoubtedly intended for their benefit. Dr. James Johnston, a British subject and one of the most impartial men who have traveled in and written about the newly occupied regions in Africa, says that " a tax of six shillings per annum is levied by the British upon every male native over fourteen years of age, while the Portuguese demand only one rupee (about two shillings, or 48 cents, resulting in some of the natives going over to the latter, while others are threatening resistance to the unreasonable and unjust demands made upon them, from which they derive no return or benefit what- ever." If there is a race in Africa that the British claim especially to have benefited, it is the Mashonas, whom the white invaders profess to have rescued from the tyranny of the Matabeles. Dr. Johnston gives the other side of the Mashona story as follows:Š The large native kraal (at Six Mile Spruit) turned out to be completely deserted, the natives having fled in terror from the outrages committed upon them by white policemen. The cooking pots, calabashes, and baskets of the Mashonas scattered around the huts were suggestive of hasty flight. . . . The 