APRIL 25, 1895. A,M1B.TELIC.A_N s:Ei1 cr,in\r-nr.46 131 The Civil Plea Examined. It 'is claimed by some, however, that Sun-day is;, merely a 641 regulation. But how can that be civil which rests upon a religious reason? How can that be a civil regulation which would not exist were not the institution which it enforces religious? Even granting that nature demands that man shall rest one day in seven (which is not admitted, how-ever), what is there in nature to teach that all men must rest at one and the same time? Why must a particular day be singled out and 'all men be required to rest upon it? Why do we not find in some States or in some commu-nities a law requiring all men to rest habitu-.ally upon one day each week instead of laws requiring all men to rest upon Sunday? and why 'is .it that where we do find permission granted for those to work upon Sunday who rest upon another day, they are required to mkt " conscientiously and religiously"? The evidence is overwhelming that Sunday laws are religious in their origin, in their purpose, and hi their enforcement. The tendency among men is not to work too much. It is true that some people are over-worked, but it is from force of ,circumstanees rather than from inclination; and it is safe to say that more physical injury accrues to men from night work and from irregular hours than from failure .to rest one day in seven. As a matter of fact, comparatively few men do labor continuously and arduously seven days in each week; so that the civil argument is not sus-tained either. by reason or by facts; and no man will deny that were it not for the reli-gious regard for the day, were it not for the fact that a large majority of the people believed that some sacredness attached to the day, no-body would be required by law to observe it; though it might possibly be held as a legal holiday in order that those who deSired leisure upon that day might have it. This is true at ;the present time in California, but in no other State does the Sunday law rest upon that basis. We have no compulsory holidays. The Fourth of JUly, Christmas and Thanksgiving Day are legal holidays, but nobody is required to observe them; nobody is punished for work-ing upon them; nobody is forbidden to do upon those days any secular work, or to follow any secular employment. The fact is that compulsory Sunday observance is a relic of the union of Church and State. It is an inherit-ance from colonial days when religion was en-forced by law, and when men were compelled to attend and support houses of worship. Such statutes have properly no place in our system of government. They are contrary to the spirit of our free institutions, and show that we have not yet reached the plan of ab-solute religious right, but that we simply tol- erate dissenters. " The Constitution," says Hon. Richard M. Johnson, " regards te con-science of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian." But in practice neither the United States nor any State except California has shown itself equal to a practical application of this principle. IN a town in Tennessee it is said that eight citizens are confined in prison because they refused to obey -a law which says the first day of the week shall be observed as the Sabbath, instead of the seventh day of the week, which they believe is the proper day for their observance. It is a perplexing problem to determine whether, because men have differ-ences of opinion, as to the true Sabbath, they should be forced to change their religious be-liefs. American liberty contemplates entire freedom in religions matters.ŠRome (.N  Daily Sentinel, April 15. NOT BIBLICAL. A CORRESPONDENT sends us the Western Recorder (St. Louis), a Baptist paper, pub-lished by the Baptist Book Concern, contain-ing an article entitled, " Christian vs. Jewish Sabbath," which he asks us to notice. Space will not permit of an extended notice, neither is such a notice needed. The author sums up his argument in three paragraphs which we quote with our comments inserted within brackets :Š " Condensed reasons for observing the Christian Sabbath." [The Bible nowhere calls the first day of the week the Christian Sabbath.] " 1. It was the moot appropriate day which a ransomed people could observe; [The most appropriate day for a ransomed people to observe is the day commanded of God] ; being that on which the Saviour was raised from the dead and the Spirit inaugu-rated his reign." [The Bible does not record that the Spirit inaugurated his reign on the first day of the week.] " 2. We have precedent, in a way [Yes, in a way, in the same way which Roman Catho-lics have precedents for purgatory, prayers for the dead;  Mariolatry, invocation of saints, in-fallibility, etc.], to show that it was custom,. for Gentile churches, under apostolic sanc-tion, to meet for public religious worship and for celebrating the supper on the first day of the week; and there could be no higher authority emanating from inspired men." [There is but one instance recorded in the New Testament where a public meeting was held on the first day of the week, and that was a night meeting beginning Saturday night and con-tinuing until Sunday morning, after which the rest of the first day was consumed in traveling.] " 3. We have the sanction of the Holy Spirit for the observance of . the first day, in that the Spirit inspired Luke and Paul to re-cord the fact, without censure, that the Gen-tile Christians did observe the first day instead of the Jewish Sabbath. [Neither Luke, Paul nor any other New Testament writer records any such change.] This ought, one would think, to be sufficient to justify [to] even the most scrupulous that the Christian Sabbath [meaning Sunday] is the day God designed should be observed by his people during the present dispensation.' [It ought not to be sufficient, because it is not biblical.] Ł .4- Ł ANSWER TO A CORRESPONDENT. THE following letter represents the views of the average Sunday-law advocate, stated with an unusual frankness and apparent sin-cerity. The author deserves a candid Chris-tian answer, which we will endeavor to give here for the benefit of others who may be like-minded. To save space in replying we have numbered the principal points and will notice them under corresponding figures. We must of necessity be brief, and ask therefore that our brevity be not taken for harshness, for we entertain the kindest 'regard for our cor- respondent:Š EDITOR OF THE AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir: Some one has been so kind as to send to my address two Or three copies of the SENTINEL. I have read them with care, and I like the stand the SENTINEL takes against the encroachment of the Church on this American continent. And I believe it is high time for the American nation to take cognizance of the facts there stated; and I feel sorry to hear of my fel-low Christians being in jail. But I am led to inquire, Who is to blame for the incarceration ? is it not the law-breakers ? (1) I would ask the SENTINEL what opinion Rome must form (2) to see a paper so thor-oughly American in its name and sentiment, encour-aging violation of its own laws in reference to the holy Sabbath of America (3)Šthe observance of which  has been the safeguard of our nation, the hope of vet future. (4) A good deal of Scripture has been quoted to show that the persecuted (Adventist) brethren are right and the American nation wrong. Then if they are right, why do they complain ? (5) Read Matt. 5:10, 11: "Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteous-ness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and perse-cute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.' But is this falsely ? (6) Our American Sabbath is the law of our nation, and should be respected by every citizen. Our American laws do not say to the Seventh-day Baptist, You shall not keep your day of rest, not at all; so xour religious liberty is not interfered with whatever. (7) But then the nation has made a law that the Sabbath day (the day you call the first day) (8) shall be the day of rest or Sabbath in America; and these incarcerated ones have risen up in rebellion against that law (9) even when the nation has not tried to interfere with their way of thinking. (10) Perhaps this may be the cause of the complaint, in-stead of rejoicing, simply because it is not " falsely " for his sake. But are there not other words and examples of our Lord Jesus, that it would be well for the seventh-day brethren to observe ? First, the meek example of Jesus, Matt. 27:12: "And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing." (11) Or would it not be better to do as he commanded his disciples to do, Matt. 23: 3: "All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do." (12) Or would it not be wise for them, when a righteous nation has adopted a law, to observe, (13) -and they imagine (14) they should observe another day, and the nation says: " Well, my friends, you may keep your day, we don't object, but' you must keep ours."(15) I say, would it not be wisdom to flee unto another country if one can be found where the day they think right may be the national law ? (16) But I em in favor of keeping the law in regard to the Sabbath, I see no conflict between the law and the Bible. I am also in favor of compelling all on this continent to conform to our national laws, Jew and Gentile, bond and free. Let us keep our Sabbath day holy and the laws of our land sacred, and not violate our righteous laws and get the penalty and then complain of persecution. The officers are justified in doing their duty. Let us as a nation arise and let the world know that we are in favor of our holy Sabbath day and the law of our land. I remain yours in favor of the American Sabbath, MOSES HARNEY. Box 89, Plains P. 0., Pa. 1. The " law-breakers " are no more to blame for this incarceration than were the three Hebrews who were cast into the fiery furnace. Both violated laws which conflicted with their duty to God. The Hebrews vio-lated a law which sought to compel-them to outwardly worship a golden image. The Ten-nessee Seventh-day Adventists violatad a law which sought to compel them to outwardly worship ( Obedience is the highest form of worship, 1 Sam. 15 : 22) the government which demanded obedience to its Sunday-Sabbath and in addition, to worship the papacy which originated the Sunday-Sabbath in opposition to the " Sabbath of the Lord." God blessed the Hebrews in their violation of the laW of Nebuchadnezzar, and he is blessing the perse-cuted seventh-day observers of Tennessee. The Lord delivered the Hebrews from the fiery furnace, and through. the instrumentality of Judge J. G. Parks and Governor Turney, He has delivered the Adventists from -the Day-ton jail. 2. We care not what opinion "Rome" or any other organization or individual 'may form -regarding our attitude to the government, so long as we are faithful to God and jest to our fellow-men. However, Rome would despise us if we submitted our consciences to the keeping of the civil power. 3. The SENTINEL begs to be relieved of all responsibility for " our laws in reference to the holy Sabbath of America." These laws are not our laws. We acknowledge allegiance to but one Sabbath law and that law com-mands the observance of the holy " Sabbath of the Lord," a day which precedes the " holy Sabbath of America." 4. God pity our nation if its hope for the future depends on the observance of an insti-tution of the Roman Catholic Church. 