AMERICAN SENTINEL. 163 The world, and even the professed Christian world, may not grasp these principles of human rights; but God will have a people who will recognize Christianity in all its length, and breadth, and height, and depth, and who will live genuine Christly lives before the world in such a way that the world shall realize what Christianity is, as really as they did in the days of Jesus Christ himself on earth. The glory of God which belongs to the Christian is to enlighten the whole world, and the world will yet see what Christianity is. A. T. J. •" The Foundation of Sunday Laws. THE preamble of the Bill for the proposed Sunday law in California, says that "Whereas 'Christianity is the common law of the land'; and-as the people of the State generally regard the Christian Sabbath, or the first day of the week, as sacred to religious.worship; and because the best interests of the State are conserved by Christian morality, which is inseparably connected with the proper observance of the Sabbath," etc. This contains several assumptions. It assumes, first, that "Christianity is the common law of the land." This is nothing more than tradition. It states almost the lowest possible conception of Christianity, and this in itself stamps it as utterly untrue. Christianity is as far above the "common law" or any human law, as heaven is above the earth. Christianity is "the power of God unto salvation" to the believer on Jesus Christ. This is what God himself says of it (Rom. 1:16), and therefore it is the absolute truth. But the power of God unto salvation is not in human law. The "common law" is enforced by civil pains and penalties; and if Christianity is a part of it, Christianity must be enforced upon the people by the same means.  This conception of Christianity therefore demands an enforced religion, which is contrary to every principle of free government. It is therefore both unchristian and un-American. Assumption number two in this preamble is that the "Christian Sabbath" is "the first day of the week." This likewise is pure tradition. The highest and only Authority on the subject declares that the seventhŠnot the firstŠday is the Sabbath; and in all the Scripture there is not a word of authority for the sanctity of Sun-day. If God's Word is true, it is true that the seventh day isŠand therefore that the first day is notŠthe Chris-tian Sabbath. There is yet another assumption crowded into this short preamble; namely, that "the best interests of the State are conserved" by an enforced observance of the Sabbath. It is true that "the best interests of the State are conserved by Christian morality," and that this "is inseparably connected with the proper observance of the Sabbath"; but this is cited as an argument fora Sunday  law, and must therefore refer to Sabbath observance as secured by Sunday enforcement. Sabbath enforcement is not Christian morality at all, for Christianity repre-sents no force but the power of love. Only heart religion can be a conserver of the best interests of the State; and in this religion, Sabbath observance, like every other practice, is of faith, and not of force. Enforced religion is not of faith, is contrary to it, and is against every interest of the State, as all history unmistakably shows. This third assumption is as false as either of the others. And these assumptions are the basis of the proposed Sundaylaw. The language of the Bill is that "Whereas," these things (which it cites) are so, "The people of the State of California, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact," etc. Since, or because, these things are so, this proposed Sunday law should be enacted; that is what the Bill declares. But the things referred to are not so; and since they are not so, it is evident by the logic of the Bill itself that the Sunday law ought not to be enacted. Assumptions of things which are not true can afford no foundation for an enactment of. the people. No proper law can exist on such a basis. And this basisŠthis assumption of what has no existenceŠis the basis of every Sunday law in the land. Why Not? Nov long ago there was "a National Reform Conven-tion" held in Bromfield Street Church, Boston, which called "upon this nation to make a recognition of God as the source of all authority, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and the Bible as the fountain of all law in the Constitution of the United States." A few days later a meeting was held by the Hebrew citizens of Boston. In this meeting "there were a large number of speeches made." The Hebrew citizens of this country, the speakers stated, were fully satisfied with the present Constitution, and it was shown that they were among the first to lend their money and their aid by taking up arms in defense of their adopted country in every war in which it was involved, from the war for in-dependence up to the Spanish-American war. They all agreed that the Hebrew citizens had stood by the Con-stitution and are among the last to ask for any change in it. But as a change has been asked for, they desire that the rightful first lawgiver known to the world be given the honor of having his name placed in the Consti-tution. The following resolutions were unanimously adopted at the meeting:Š "WHERAS, free religious tolerance and freedom of speech is granted by the Constitution of the United States to its citizens of all creeds alike; and "WHEREAS, the Hebrew citizens are among those who 