AMERICAN SENTINEL' . 187 have conscientious scruples against it. The case came to the Supreme Court from Beloit, where certain "Chris-tian scientists " opposed vaccination as being " a viola-tion of the laws of God." The remarkable thing about this is not that "Christian scientists" should take this position, but they they should be sustained in it by a body of men who are supposed to possess sound judg-ment. The Crisis in Theology. "New York Obsery r." IF we are not very much mistaken, one outstanding fact challenges attention at the present time which is full of very serious suggestion as to the spiritual future of America,. It is the widespread denial of the supernat-ural. At the idea of the supernatural, which underlies the whole of the Christian religion, the drive of criticism is tremendous and constant. Never was that idea more uncongenial than it is at present. Scientific theorizings have had something to do with this result, though science has never proved the supernatural out of existence, and now philosophic and religious speculations are helping to swell the outcry againk the notion of the miraculous. Much of biblical criticism, too, of the form at present popular, is really in spirit and method the secret foe of supernaturalism. Of the critical mode of banishing the supernatural from the Bible, Professor Green, of Princeton, has well remarked that it is the most plausible as well as the most effective method of accomplishing this result, be-cause the animus of the movement is concealed, and the desired end is reached not by aiming at it directly and avowedly, but as the apparently incidental consequence of investigations pursued professedly for a different purpose. It is in view of such facts as these that the gravity of the situation, which even amounts to a theological crisis, appears. That here and there a teacher, perhaps a cler-gyman, should stand forth as the exponent of radical views of biblical criticism might not be so alarming a cir-cumstance, but when we perceive that such utterances are excused or even applauded by multitudes, that they delude Christians and delight infidels, we are forced to recognize that this radicalism is symptomatic of a wide-spread decadence of belief in the supernatural. A single miracle might supposably be denied by some individual who reverently accepted others, but it is not to be sup-posed that when even a single miracle is denied in a ra-tionalizing spirit any miracles at all will long remain credible and accepted. It is the tendency of the thing that makes it to be so full of menace. It is not so much that a few bold speculators deny these signs and wonders which God showed in the days of old as that multitudes are languidly indifferent to the whole destructive process or are even arousing them-selves to apologize for the ruthless iconoclasm. Stripped  of all irrelevancies, with which the critics of the truth love to surround their mystifying discussions, the great phil-osophic effort of the day, from the side of unfaith, is to prove the needlessness, even the ridiculousness, of the su-pernatural. And if in many cases this effort amounts to an assumption rather than an argument, and is more a drift than a discussion, the seriousness of the situation is thereby not relieved, but rather increased. That is not a real faith in the Scriptures which empties the Bible of its miracles. And with reference to these people who are picking and choosing in their methods of Scripture study a New York newspaper pertinently remarks that "such men do not believe in the Bible. They only believe in the things in the Bible which commend themselves to their belief." They only believe in it as they believe in any other book. It is well worth while to consider whether these things are so. Are we not passing through a se-rious theological crisis? SECULAR preaching has taken the place of gospel preaching in tooŁ many pulpits of all denominations throughout the country. Š Martinsburg, Pa., Weekly Herald. " They Had Done These Things Unto Him." BY T. E. BOWEN. WHAT the Lord did while here on earth had, to a great extent, been written out beforehand. Having him-self become thoroughly familiar with these writings of the prophets, he was aware that at different points in his experience what he did was fulfilling Scripture. His disciples were not so conversant with the then written word, and therefore were not aware that the things Jesus did fulfilled the things written of the Chi ist to come. Had they knownŠas it was their privilegeŠit would have been much easier for them to have believed him the true Anointed OneŠthe sent of God. It was an enemy's work to blind their eyes to the true meaning of the Scriptures referring to Christ's earthly mission. As a result their enemy knew it would be an easy thing to cause them to stumble along in unbelief. "These things understood not his disciples at the first, but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him." John 12:16. Yes, they had been fulfilling, the Scriptures and did not know it. In this instance it was a good thing they had done, that of wav-ing palm branches, and spreading their garments before him as he rode into Jerusalem; but this was not always the case. Sometimes in their unbelief they were found on the wrong side fulfilling Scripture. Judas' case represents this point. It had been fore-told that one who had often gathered about the same board with Christ should lift up his heel against his Lord. 