18 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 3. rying on of all unnecessary business." Who is to decide what business is necessary, and what is not? The man who carries on the business is the best judge of whether or not it is necessary, but it is obvious that the law would be a dead letter if he were allowed that privilege. "Unnecessary business" is very indefinite. Suppose a man is a mechanic. He has a job on hand which he cannot finish according to contract unless he works on Sunday. He may think that such work is necessary; but our observation of the admin-istration of Sunday laws convinces us that it would not be so regarded by those in power. We wish especial notice to be taken of the fact that such a law as is petitioned for would naturally lead to religious persecution. We shall prove this on two counts. First, take the man who conscientiously observes the seventh day of the week. If he is a laboring man, he is obliged to work six days in order to support his family. His conscience will not allow him to work on the seventh day, and therefore, since he must work on Sunday in order to make a week's work, it follows that his conscience obliges him to work on Sunday. His conscientious convictions of duty, first to God, and then to his family, will not allow him to do otherwise. Now if that man shall be punished for his Sunday labor, his punishment will be noth-ing but persecution for conscience sake. His punishment is solely on the ground that his religion differs from that of his neighbor. This charge cannot by any possibility be re-futed. We say that work under such circum-stances is necessary, no matter what the nature of the work is. Of course we except the dis-turbance of any congregation; that is not al-lowable on any day in the week. Second, take the man who has not rested on the seventh day. He may make a pro-fession of religion, or he may not. It matters not whether he violates his conscience by working seven days in the week or not. If he sins against God by working on Sunday, then he is answerable to God. Now if he be prosecuted for not keeping Sunday,Šthat is, for not conforming in that respect to the form of religion held by the majority,Šhis prose-cution will be religious persecution just as much as in the case of a man who in a heathen country should be punished for ig-noring the gods of that country. Put them in the best light you can, it is a fact that Sunday laws do logically lead to religious persecution. A few years ago there was a rigid Sunday law in Arkansas. When it was enacted, it was ostensibly for the sole purpose of closing up the liquor saloons. Did it stop with that? No; it did not even begin with that. Not a saloon was closed; but quite a number of peaceable farmers were persecuted almost to the death. You may say that that persecu- tion was only the work of bigoted persons. Granted; but are you sure that there are no bigoted persons in California? And- are you ready to pass a law that will give bigots the power to persecute inoffensive citizens ? Another indictment: The petition calls for  the prohibiting of all barbarous amusements on Sunday. Under this head would be classed prize fighting, cock fighting, and bull fighting. But in this petition the Woman's-Christian Temperance Union shows itself to be far be-hind the times, and behind public sentiment, for there is a law prohibiting such things every day in the week. We have very distinct rec-ollection of reading of several instances in which the police made,a raid upon parties engaged in such barbarous sports. The fram-ers of this petition may say that, they know this. Then their petition is an insult to the law, in that it asks for its enforcement only on Sunday. In any case, they virtually de-clare by their petition that barbarous sports are not objectionable, provided they are not indulged , in on Sunday. We cannot agree with them;, and we believe that in this re-, spect our legislators, even though they be non-professors, will show themselves to be ahead of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. We do not believe that they will enact a law that will virtually legalize bar-barous sports six days in the week. One word more, concerning the matter of closing saloons. When we urge that such a law as is desired virtually sanctions the keep-ing open of saloons on six days of the week, we are told that the law is demanded in a special manner on Sunday, because people are idle then, and there is more opportunity for them to be decoyed into the saloon. The fallacy of this plea may be seen by the fact that people are no more idle on Sunday than they are at night during the week, and espe-cially on Saturday night after six o'clock. Many a laboring man spends all his wages on Saturday night, yet the petition makes no note of this. The simple fact is this, and it cannot be denied, that they want to have ,Sunday strictly observed as a day of rest and worship; and all the plea that the law is de-desired in behalf of temperance, is nothing but a blind. It has not the first principle of temperance in it. We believe that the law-makers of this State are too intelligent to be deceived by any such pretensions. We have made this article long enough, and have only considered the face of the peti-tion, and that is not half of the document. We shall consider the remainder of it else-where, under the head of, " The Back of that Petition." E. J. W. Exalting Themselves Above God. EVERY man is a free moral agent so far as human authority is concerned. God alone has the right to hold him responsible for the exercise of his choice in matters of morality and religion. If it was according to the will of God that a man should give up this right of choice to any individual or nation, then God .could no longer hold him responsible ; for no person can be held responsible for the exer-cise of his choice in a matter wherein his liberty of choice has been removed. Thus the advocates of national Christianity are working to take away man's moral responsibility to God. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. How Are the Powers That Be Ordained? THE Scripture says that " the powers that be are ordained of God."' How is it done? Is it direct and miraculous, or providential? Jeremiah 27:1-8 shows that the power of Nebuchadnezzar as king of Babylon was or- dained of God. Did God send a prophet or a priest to anoint him king? or did he send a heavenly messenger, as to Moses and Gideon ? Not at all. Nebuchadnezzar was king because he was the son of his father, who was king. How did his father become king? Thus: In 625 B. c. Babylonia was but a province of the empire of Assyria, and Media was another. Both revolted at once. The king of Assyria gave Nabopolassar command of a large force, sent him to Babylonia to quell the revolt, while he himself led other forces into Media, and put down the insurrection there. Nabo-polassar did his work so well in Babylonia that the king of Assyria rewarded him with the command of that province, with the title, king of Babylon. Thus we see Nabopolassar received his power from the king of Assyria. The king of Assyria received his power from his father, Asshurbanipal. Asshurbanipal received his from his father, Esarhaddon. Esarhaddon received his from his father, Sen-nacharib. Sennacharib, from his father, Sar-gon, and Sargon received his from the troops in the field, otherwise from the people. Thus we see that the power of the kingdomŁ of Babylon and of Nebuchadnezzar the king, or of his son, or of his son's son, was simply providential, and sprung ultimately from the people. Take, for instance, Queen Victoria, queen of Great Britain. How did she become so ? Simply by the fact that she was the first in the line of succession when William the Fourth died. Through one line she traces her royal lineage to William the Conqueror. But who was William the Conqueror? He was a Norman chief who led his forces into England in 1066 and established his power there. How did he become a chief of the Normans? The Normans made him their chief, so that in that line it is clear that the-power of Queen Victoria sprung from the people. Take the other line. The house that no in rules Britain, represented in Victoria, is the House of Hanover. Hanover is a province of Germany. How did the House of Hanover get into England? When Queen Anne died, the line of succession was George of Hanover, who becaMe king of England under the title_ of George the First. How did he receive his princely dignity?  Through his lineage, from Henry the Lion, son of Henry the Proud, who. received the aridly of Saxony from Frederick. Barbarossa, in 1156. Henry the .Lion, son of Henry the Proud, was a prince of the House of Guelph, of Suabia. The father of the House of Guelph was a prince of the Alle-manni, who invaded the Roman Empire and established their power in what is now South-ern Germany, and were the origin of what is now the German nation and empire. But-who made this man prince? The savage 