APRIL 2, 1896. si@NrionNuEr. 109 by heart when young. Take paragraph two (Gen. 2: 3), which reads:Š " And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. " There it is the seventh day which God made holy; and then, if you look at Exodus, chapter 20 and verses 8-11:Š "Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidserv-ant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. " The Jews take those texts among others Šthere are hundreds of themŠand say that the law that God gave to his creatures is to keep holy the seventh day. And they ask by what authority we change the law of God and celebrate the first day instead of the seventh. This is a very important point, and I am sure that the honorable mover of the bill is ready to give his authority. " Now, there is another sect or religion which says: We do not rely upon the Old Testament, but upon the New Testament, and according to the New Testament it is ordered that we should go on celebrating the seventh day and not the first day. These people rely upon the New Testament, and have even suffered death to prove their belief. I hold in my hand a book entitled, ' The Faiths of the People,' by Malloy, and I will draw the attention of the honorable gentleman to page 209 at the end of the chapter. He will see there the reasons these people give for going on celebrating the seventh day. I shall not trespass upon the time of the House by giving quotations, but I ask the honorable gentleman to show us one word in the New Testament where the Son of God took it upon himself to change the day ordered by his Father to be kept holy. "The Seventh-day Baptists or Adventists who celebrate the seventh day, say to the mover of this bill: To whom do you submit when you keep holy the first day ? And they accuse him of submitting to the Catholic Church. They say to him: In celebrating the first day of the week, you admit the au-thority of the Catholic Church and its right to impose discipline. You admit that the Catholic Church has received from God the power to dictate to the people its law as to the doctrine to be followed. That is the charge which the Seventh-day Adventists make against the honorable gentleman. " The honorable gentleman knows, and he will find it in his own authorities, that Sun-day is of apostolic tradition. In the first centuries, as shown in the book I have here, in many parts of Christendom, Sabbath was celebrated, but the Catholic Church changed the day, pretending that it had the right so to change it, pretending that it [the church] was established by the Son of God and in-trusted with all powers. And it is in virtue of that belief that the church changed the day, and that is why Seventh-day Adventists say to the honorable mover of the bill: You believe, like us, in the New Testament, why do you give up your belief in the Sabbath celebration? Why do you submit to the Ro-man Catholic Church ? Why do you admit the traditions of the apostles ? If you admit one, you admit them all. You admit the absolution given by the priest, you admit the sacraments of that church. But they say : We believe in the word of God the Father in the Old Testament, and in the word of God  the Son in the New Testament, and we stand by that, and will not submit to the dictation of any other church, which is only assuming powers it has not received. "As for us Catholics, Mr. Speaker, we shall celebrate our Sundays as we please, provided we do not interfere with your civil rights, and if we do, go to the provinces and you will re-ceive protection. . . . We do not believe in this Parliament turning itself into a salva-tion army, and with drums and fifes trying to force us into heaven. " The honorable mover of this bill says he wishes to protect the rights of conscience. Is he doing that when he wants to impose upon the Jews the obligation of keeping the first day instead of the seventh? Does he protect the rights of conscience when he seeks to im-pose upon the Jews to keep the first day of the week instead of the seventh? Does he protect the rights of conscience when he wants to compel the Seventh-day Adventists to cel-ebrate the first day of the creation instead of the seventh? Does he protect the rights of conscience when he seeks to compel a great number of his fellow-citizens to disobey the word of God and to obey the words of a church of which they do not approve? A Royal Proclamation. " The honorable gentleman must remember that in proposing his bill he acts not only con- trary to the constitution I read a moment ago, but also contrary to the general understanding which prevails in this country and which was summed up in a proclamation by Her Majesty the Queen in 1858, which is as follows:Š "Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christianity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convic-tions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested or disquieted by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that they shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, on pain of our highest dis-pleasure. " These are the words not only of the Queen,but of the Parliament of Great Britain. This is the rule which should be recognized in this country. We Should Not Interfere with the Religious Belief of Our Neighbors. Everybody should enjoy complete liberty, provided that liberty does not interfere with the liberty and civil rights of others. But the honorable gentleman wants to force those who are not of the same belief with himself to observe as the Sabbath some other day than  that which they believe to be the Sabbath, and even to force those who, like himself, de-sire to observe Sunday, to observe it in the way he believes in, and not in the way they believe in themselves. That is not protection of civil rights; it is interference with civil rights. "Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to take up too much of the time of this House, but I have given briefly the reasons why I oppose this bill: First, because the bill is unconstitu-tional; secondly, because it is useless if it were constitutional. . . . "By this bill we claim jurisdiction in relig-ious matters. . . . For my part, I am against all this legislation. I believe it is not our duty here to occupy ourselves with relig-ious legislation. That has been left to each individual. Each individual has the right to worship his God as he thinks proper, pro-vided he does not interfere with the liberty of anyone else." SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT IN CANADA. BY EUGENE LELAND. The Day in Toronto. THE people of Toronto are noted the world over for their zeal in the observance of Sun-day. No street cars are permitted to run on that day, and if one wishes to get about, he must use his own resources, but if those re-sources are not in harmony with the ideas of those having control of Sunday legislation and enforcement, he is not allowed even this privilege. It may sound very well outside to speak of the great respect which Toronto has for Sunday, but right here at home, the peo-ple know that it is simply a case of "have to." The people cannot do otherwise than keep Sunday; and to speak of this as being an exemplary sabbath-keeping community is as absurd in principle as it would be to speak of the good behavior of prisoners in a peni-tentiary. How could they do otherwise than behave themselves ? That is what they are there for, viz.: that they may behave them-selves, and their keepers see that they do it. So of the people of Toronto; they are com-pelled to keep Sunday. They cannot do otherwise. There is but one alternative, they must keep Sunday strictly, or pay the penalty. Those of us who have lived in Toronto, know what it means to be virtually kept prison-ers in our rooms on Sunday because the places of resort are closed against us. We know what it means to be obliged to walk from four to ten miles to church because it is considered impious to permit any public conveyance to run on Sunday. Yes; we know all about Toronto's pious Sunday, and from it all we most devoutly pray to be delivered. The " Law " Makes Them All Prisoners. A great deal of sympathy is expressed for the three Seventh-day Adventist ministers who are obliged to serve a term in the county jail at Chatham, Ontario, for violating the " Lord's day " act by working on Sunday. But these three men are not the only ones deserving of sympathy on account of being prisoners. The men who caused their arrest, the magistrate who imposed the fine, the Chief Justice and his associates who confirmed the decision in the lower courts, are every one of them prisoners restrained of their liberty by this same " Lord's day" act every Sunday of their lives as verily as are these three minis-ters whom we think so deserving of sympathy. The only difference between the prisoners is in the place of imprisonment. The three 