YEI3RUA.Rie 1, 1804. AMIdititriAN' nation, to become a member of the Cath-olic Church, to believe her doctrine, to use her means of grace, and to submit to her authority. Hence the Catholic Church is justly called the only saving church. To despise her is the same as to despise Christ, namely, his doctrine, his means of grace, and his powers. To separate from her is the same as to separate from Christ, and to forfeit eternal salvation. Therefore St. Augustine and the other bishops of Africa pronounced, A. D. 412, at the coun-cil of Zirta, this decision : Whosoever is separated from the Catholic Church, how-ever commendable, in his opinion, his life may be, he shall, for this very reason, that he has at some time separated from the unity of Christ, not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on him." The Catholic Church, the papacy,Šthat organization through which this spirit of Satan has been manifested, in opposing itself against God, in exalting itself above all that is called God, 'or that is worshiped,Š that church claims to have the authority to control the saving grace and power of God. But what is the sav-ing power of God ?ŠIt is creative power. We have learned that. What is the sign of God's creative power, that he is the true God, and that our worship belongs to him because he is the Creator ?ŠIt is the true Sabbath. But here comes another power, the papacy, claiming that it controls saving grace, and that there can be no salvation outside of the authority of the Catholic Church. And one of the charges made against Luther was that he had invented a new means of justification, so that the sinner could come to God and receive pardon without the intervention of church or priest. We have found that God, who is the Creator, and who in Jesus Christ dispenses his saving power freely to all who believe, has established the Sabbath as the sign of that power. Since the Catholic Church, the agency of Satan, claims to have saving power, and to dis-pense that power, the very logic of the situation demands that she should have a . rival sign as a sign of her pretended power, and so she has it in the rival Sab-bath. And as she claims that " to sepa-rate from her is the same as to separate from Christ and to forfeit eternal salva-tion," thils putting herself in the place of Christ, so she demands that the sign of her power should be accepted instead of the true Sabbath, and says : " The keeping holy the Sunday is a thing abso-lutely necessary to salvation."ŠA Sure Way to Find out the True Religion," by Rev. T. Baddeley, p. 95; published by P. J. Kennedy, Catholic Publisher, etc., New York. WHO CAN SAYE ? Consider now that we have before us two days; one is the sign of the power of God in creation and salvation; the other has been instituted by Christ's rival, and has been taken up as a Sabbath, or a pre-tended Sabbath, by that power (the pa-pacy) through which Satan has wrought for a longer time, and in a more marked manner, than in any other power in the earth's history. One is a sign, or a mark, of the power of God; the other is a sign, or a mark, of the rival power. The question then comes, In whom shall we trust for sal-vationŠin the power of God in Christ, or in a rival power ? In whom shall we place our confidence for forgiveness of sinsŠin  God, the Creator of the heaven and the earth, or in that rival power that would exalt itself against God ? Who can saveŠthe one of whose power for the creation anew in Christ Jesus the true Sabbath is the sign, or mark, or the one of whose pretended power the false Sabbath is the sign or mark ? The Lord says: "Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them. . . . And hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20 : 12, 20. But the Catholic Church says : " It is worth while to remember that this observance of the Sabbath, in which, after all, the only Protestant wor-ship consists, not only has no foundation in the Bible, but it is a flagrant contradic-tion of its letter, which commands rest on the Sabbath, which is Saturday. It was the Catholic Church which, by the author-ity of Jesus Christ, has transferred this to the Sunday, in remembrance of the resur-rection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an homage they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the Catholic Church."Š" Plain Talk About the Protestantism of To-day," p. 213. What does this mean ?ŠIt means this; and the whole question is now clearly be-fore us. The true Sabbath is the sign of the power of God in Jesus Christ, how-ever, wherever, whenever manifested. In the creation of the heaven and the earth, in the deliverance of the children of Israel from Egypt, in the re-creation of the individual,Šthat is, in conversion, which is but the deliverance of the indi-vidual from spiritual bondage,Šthe Sab-bath is the sign of the true God, and of his power manifested through Jesus Christ. The Sunday is but a pretended Sabbath, a rival Sabbath, the sign of the rival power. (Conclusion next week.) Mutterings of the Coming Storm. [The following dispatches clipped from a single number of a New York daily, are republished by us simply as significant signs of the times.] OMAHA, Jan. 18.ŠRoundsman Charles Bloom, one of the best-known and most efficient officers in the city and the recog-nized head of the anti-Catholic circle in his district, handed in his resignation to-day being charged with writing a letter to Mayor Bemis in which the lives of the mayor, the chief of police and Republican National Committeeman Rosewater were threatened. The letter was signed, " Guit-eau-Prendergast," and the writer declared that he would kill the mayor if certain things were not done. The matter was kept quiet for a day or two, and then it was referred to the chief of police. The result was that to-day the chief preferred charges against Officer Bloom. He was taken before a meeting of the commissioners and required to write the letter as it was dictated to him by a member of the board. Not only was the handwriting found to be identical, but the same words were misspelled in both letters. Bloom's trial was set for to-morrow. Some time ago the chief of police or-dered all of the force to desist from mixing in politics. This was deemed to be neces-sary in view of the activity of the Ameri-can Protective Association members on one side and the Catholics on the other.  Bloom is said to be a member of the American Protective Association. MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 18.ŠW. A. Sims, the American Protective Association lecturer, was stoned by a mob at Kau-kauna, Wis., last night. The mob got beyond the control of the police, and Gov-ernor Peck was called on for troops. During the lecture stones were thrown through the windows and several persons were hurt. At the close Sims demanded the protection of the police. The crowd at the stairs learned where he was going and followed, arriving at the bridge by a. different route almost at the same time that Sims did. Another demonstration was made, but the officers held the bridge against the mob, and all they could do was to throw stones and other missiles at the lecturer as he ran across the bridge. Governor Peck was not at Madison and did not get the message until this morning. After hiding with friends last night, Sims, escorted by by a bodyguard of his American Protec-tive Association friends, armed with rifles, was escorted to the depot this morning and took a train for Ashland. KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 18.ŠA sub-pcena has been issued for J. V. McNamara, the ex-Catholic priest, to whose lecture last Tuesday night the riot at Turner Hall was largely due. The complainant is J. F. Mullin, whose arrest McNamara caused in the hall the night of the lecture because he was said to have called the ex-priest a liar. It is believed that McNamara has left the city.. EMPORIA, Kan., Jan. 18.ŠThe Ameri-can Protective Association excitement has reached this city. Judge J. F. Culver, who admits he is president of a lodge that numbers nearly eight hundred members in this city, says he has received a letter threatening him and Wm. J. Murray with death. It was decorated with a skull and cross-bones. Lodges are being formed in all the surrounding cities, it is said. Yes-terday a man named Bradley went to Burlington and attempted to organize a lodge, but was chased out of town. "The Observance of the Day." [The following chapter from " The Sabbath in Pu-ritan New England," by Alice Morse Earle, is a suffi-cient answer to the assertion so frequently made that the so-called Blue Laws of New England never had any existence in fact but were the product of the im-agination of a renegade minister who for bad conduct was expelled from the colony of Connecticut. It will be noted that the author whom we quote is entirely friendly not only to the Puritans, but to the day which they mistakenly honored as the Sabbath.] THE so-called " False Blue Laws " of Connecticut, which were foisted upon the public by the Reverend Samuel Peters, have caused much indignation among all thoughtful descendants and all lovers of New England Puritans. Three of his most bitterly resented false laws which refer to the observance of the Sabbath read thus :Š No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep house, cut hair, or shave on the Sabb.ath day. No woman shall kiss her child on the Sabbath or fasting day. No one shall ride on the Sabbath day, or walk in his garden or elsewhere except reverently to and from meeting. Though these laws were worded by Dr. Peters, and though we are disgusted to hear them so often quoted as historical facts, still we must acknowledge that 