"Equal and Bxact Justice to all Men, or Whatever State or Persuasion, Feligious 01' political."  VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MAY 18, 1891. NUMBER 20. American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM IL MC KEE. THE first Sunday of the World's Fair has passed. The Fair has been closed, and still the question as to whether it shall remain closed on Sundays is appar-ently as far from being decided as ever. THERE is no abatement in the zeal of the American Sabbath Union, as is shown by this telegram from its secretary to the Attorney-General of the United States :Š The American Sabbath Union, a national society for the preservation of the American Sabbath, and representing fourteen denominations of America, appeals to you to have the Columbian Exposition enjoined from opening the gates on Sunday. This has been reinforced by many sim-ilar telegrams from different parts of the country, emanating from the Sabbath Union. THE Christian Endeavor societies of Ohio are preparing to engineer a mam-moth boycott of the Fair, if it should be open on Sunday. Of this the Mail and Express says :Š The Executive Committee of the Ohio societies is now in session in Cincinnati, and on Monday morning will receive a telegram from Chicago in-forming them if the gates have been open on the previous day. Every Christian Endeavor Society in the world will be notified, and efforts will be made at once to carry the boycott into effect. This will extend, not only to the several million young people of the society, but to all the persons whom these members can influence. This will doubtless seriously affect the World's Fair gate receipts. It was the Ohio delegation which was about to spring an ironclad boycott pledge, in case the World's Fair opened on Sun-day, at the great Christian Endeavor Con-vention in this city in 1892, when they were forestalled by the presentation and passage of a set of simple resolutions which evaded the question of boycotting, and did not attempt to control the attend-ance of the members. The boycott is now revived, and every effort is evidently to be used to make it general. Ł IT is also said that the Parliament of  Religions will prove a failure in case the Fair should be open on Sunday, as many clergymen who have promised to take part would remain away altogether. Of this organized avoidance of the Fair the New York World says :Š The boycott, as a weapon of compulsion in labor disputes, has never been regarded with entire favor, and it is notoriously liable to unjust and oppressive uses. It was never expected that it would be employed as a weapon of " Churchianity," to enforce an outward conformity to superstitious Sabbatarianism. This is what some American zeal-ots have proposed in respect to the World's Fair. They have announced a purpose to boycott the Fair altogether if it is opened on Sundays. We trust that the Fair will be open nevertheless. It is high time to defy the authority of the modern sect of the Pharisees. True, Christians by tens of thou-sands would challenge their oppressive dictations in the name of Him who . . violated the interpretation of the commandment by the doctors of divinity of his day, and when reproved affirmed that " the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." He did not say it was made for the Church or for Jews or for Christians, but for man, . . . Consider what these mis-taken and despotic religionists propose. They do not rest upon their individual right to refrain from visiting the Fair on Sundays for conscience' sake. They seek to enforcce their scruples upon the whole community. These who are now so ready to organize a stupendous boycott for the injury, and, if possible, the complete financial disgrace and destruction of the World's Fair, if it opens on Sunday, are capable of compre-hending the late decisions of the courts in boycott cases. What is the reason the same principle does not equally apply to the World's Fair and the Christian En-deavor Society as to railroads and the locomotive engineers ? THE World's Fair correspondent of the New York Sun, after saying that the Fair was to be closed on the first Sunday, con- tinues President 'Higinbotham had nothing to say about the second Sunday. He will probably have something to say, however, after the Board of Di-rectors meets on next Friday. The question will come up then and be thoroughly discussed. The question will cause a hot fight, and the champions of both an open and a closed Sunday will be out in force. Well informed members of the Directory predict that the decision will be in favor of an open Sun-day. They also say that the gates will be closed to-morrow (the first Sunday) in order that public sentiment against closing, which it is expected will be aroused, will be so great as to show clearly that the demand for an open Sunday is general. . . Ł  Charles W. Clingman, who represents ten thou-sand shares of stock in the Columbian Exposition Company, to-day served notice in writing upon the Directors that the gates of the Fair must not be closed to-morrow or any succeeding Sunday. If they are Mr. Clingman threatens to begin legal proceedings. So, whichever way the gates are turned, the matter threatens to go into the courts for discussion and adjudication. All of this will only tend to awaken the popular mind to a consideration of the subject, and an investigation of the principle upon which its decision should rest. THE Chicago correspondent of the World says :Š Unfortunately the Local Board and the National Commission disagree on the Sunday opening ques-tion. A majority of the members of the National Commission are against it. But a motion to open the Fair on Sunday would win in the Local Board. The National Commission, with all due respect to the honorable gentlemen composing it, is given a little to demagogism. There are United States senators and others upon it, and they fear their rural constituents. It is the general opinion here that this body does not really care whether the gates are open on Sunday or not, but it wants to put itself on record as voting against opening them. If with that it can wash its hands of the matter it will be satisfied. It is willing to throw all further responsibility on the Local Board. If the latter open the gates and the National Commission can not be held responsible by country constituents they are not going to say anything. But in the meantime they want to know whether they can be held accountable for any such action on the part of the Local Board. That is why they have been holding so many meetings this week and are to go into permanent session here until the Fair closes. Nine out of every ten persons here are convinced that the Fair will open every Sunday, in two or three weeks. Indeed the majority are surprised that it is not to be opened to-morrow. But the Local Board moves slowly because it does net want to offend the National Commission. Public opinion here is overwhelmingly in favor of opening the gates on Sunday. Even the clergy is divided on the point. Nearly all those ministers who are noted for their liberality of thought say, " Open the gates on Sunday." The World's Fair authorities who be-long to the immediate management seem to be in favor of the opening, but those who have congressional affinities and are subject to political influences show the same spirit which influenced Congress in imposing the Sunday-closing condition. The Board of Lady Managers has put itself on record as favoring Sunday open-ing. Out of thirteen Chicago clergymen 