512 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The pagans had this doctrine long ago. You will read it in Virgil's YEneas. All nations have the thought of punishment after death." " Well, mama, so have Chris tians. We believe that the wicked will be punished." " What is the punishment, Charlie ?" " The wages of sin is death,' said Charlie. " But mama, what is death ?" "Look it up in the dictionary." "Cessation of life," read Charlie. " Yes, but I can't understand. The Bible says, `These shall go away into everlasting punishment; but the righteous into life eternal.' " Well, that only tells how long the punishment is to last. The death is everlasting. There will be no end to it." "But mama, it says 'the smoke of their torment ascendeth up forever and ever, and they have no rest day nor night.' "Yes, I know, Charlie. But the words `forever and ever' are used in a limited sense. Dr. Adam Clark, the commentator, says' you cannot make that expression mean unending torture. The same word is used in Exo-dus 6th chapter, where a man has his ear bored through with an awl to signify that he is a slave, and it says, speaking of his master, `He shall serve him forever.' This means simply as long as he lives. Now other pas-sages teach plainly that the wicked are to become ex-tinct. `The day that cometh shall burn them up . . . and it shall leave them neither root nor branch. And ye shall tread down the wicked, for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet.' " " Then mama, what does the Bible mean by hell? " "In some places it means the grave; in some places the place of the punishment of the wicked. But the Psalmist says that the righteous are to be 'rewarded in the earth, much more the wicked and the sinner.' Ł With `thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.' When the thousand years are finished, the wicked will be raised from their graves to acknowledge that God is love, and to die the second death." "But mama, why does God have them resurrected at all?" "It is necessary to the plan of the full vindication of his character, and to the stability of his eternal govern-ment. Every tongue is to confess that Christ is Lord to the glory of the Father. "Lucifer would not acknowledge Christ as Lord; but claimed that he was himself superior to Christ. He led his angels and the hosts of the wicked to affirm this falsehood. The vindication of truth demands that the instigator and the repeaters of this falsehood make a public confession of its fallacy and an acknowledgment of the truth. This the truth itself will compel them to do, not through force, but through the compelling con-viction of the intrinsic worth of truth. In that day the utter weakness of forcing men to acknowledge  truth or error, will be made apparent. As Satan and his hosts surround the beloved city, and the glory of love is made manifest, the great confederacy of fallen angels and wicked men, will crumble into dust and ashes. The blaze of God's glory will be a consuming fire to all evil. He who said, 'Ye shall be as gods,' will be brought `to ashes on the earth' in the sight of saints and angels. Death and hell are to be cast into the lake of fire. Out of the last conflagration will come the renewed earth, the home of the redeemed." "But, mama, we will be like God after all, at last." "Yes, indeed, `We shall be like him.' Not merely in external form, but in spirit and in truth. We shall be in the image of his glory, which is love." F. B. * 14 4 4 Studies in French History.-34. "WmLu all these things were going on in France dur-ing the fifteenth century, there was a humble man born in Genoa, Italy, in 1435, who from study, observation, and deep reasoning, formed the opinion that our earth, instead of being a flat body of land floating in a sea of waters, was a round body: and that by sailing westward he might if he only went far enough, sail to India by a new route. His name wasŠ" "Christopher Columbus!" exclaimed all the children in concert. "Yes," said Professor Carman, "but as this does not directly affect French history, we will drop the subject, interesting as it is, and finish our study of Louis XI." "The king was still shut up in his dismal castle," said Harry Ray, "when our last lesson closed." "Yes, and he never left this castle until he died. He grew more and more superstitious, and was continually adding a relic of some dead saint to the string of charms which he constantly wore, hoping thereby to postpone the hour of death, which he so much dreaded and for which he was so little prepared." "Relics! What kind of relics, for instance?" asked Florence Ray, who was a great hand to particularize. "Well, he would get a piece of something which he was told was'the finger or toe of some saint, or may be the bone of an animal, which some deceiving priest would gravely assure him was a part of the once living form of St. Peter or St. Paul, and he would string these around his neck in the vain hope that they would cure his bodily maladies." "I should suppose he would want to be cured of his spirtual diseases before he died," observed Julia March. "0 he cared far more to be made well in body than to be healed in spirit; and when his attendants would pray for his soul as well as his body, Louis often remon-strated with them, and begged them not to ask for too many favors at once, but to ask only that he might have his health again. He would not allow any of his attend-ants to mention the word 'death' in his presence; yet, 