244 THE AmntzicAN SEN,TINEL. word "minister" to show that persons bearing that title .must necessary be sanctified. If they are to engage in a religious work, they should be sanctified, because profane hands must not offi-ciate in sacred things; but if their work is pro-fane, or secular, no such special sanctification is required for that work. Now, what is the work of these magistrates, or ministers of God ? Is this work religious or sec-ular, sacred or profane? Rom. 13 : 6 reads: "For for this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing." Is it possible that there are men who can distinguish no difference, so far as sanc-tity is concerned, between the work of collecting taxes and that, for example, of baptizing con-verted sinners. If so, then they "put no differ-ence between the sacred and the profane." "But this minister of God is also revenger to execute wrath." Very well; is there any-thing particularly religious about the work of hanging a man ? Is this work of the revenger, the execution of criminals, any part of the work of the gospel of Christ! Not at all. °In the realm of moral and religious government, God declares, " Vengeance is mine; I will repay." Again, "Ye have heard that it hath been said, an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth ; but I say unto you that ye resist not evil; but whoso-ever shall smite thee on thy right cheek turn to him the other also." The work of destroying men's lives, or inflict-ing bodily suffering is not religious work. Christ never did it nor ordered it to be done. He came not to destroy men's lives, but to save them. Nor is it done by intelligent people for 'a religious ob-ject. The sole end of civil government is the protection of society. National Reformers seem to think that if they can succeed in blotting out the distinction be-tween the holy and the profane, they will make everything holy. But they will not. - God has made some things holy, and other things he has purposely left without this attribute. Whosoever undertakes to improve upon God's plans, exalts himself above God. In this, Na-tional Reformers show themselves true children of the Papacy. Of those who "put no difference between the holy and profane," God says, that instead of making profane things holy, they "have profaned mine holy things . and I am profaned among them." Thus the result is just the opposite of that which they profess to seek. A DELOS WESTCOTT. The Secret of the Movement. ONE point worthy of note in the late'report of the secretary of the Kings County (N. Y.) Sab-bath Association is the matter of closing art galleries on Sunday. It will be remembered that it is persistently urged by the friends of Sunday legislation, that Sunday laws are for the purpose of securing to the working people a day of rest. But in his report the worthy secretary of the Kings County Sabbath Association strongly dep-recated the idea of opening art galleries on Sun-day, and said :Š " The patrons of art are the better educated and more cultivated of any community. Their tastes and aspirations are more refined. They take advantage of all reasonable opportunity to cultivate their tastes in this direction. It is this class of people who patronize art exhibitions. They attend them when-ever and wherever they are held. They enjoy them at any and all times. Art exhibitions on Sunday simply prove an additional facility to enjoy this  taste. Sunday exhibitions refine them no more. They would be no more gross without them. The people of depraved, gross appetites do not attend them. They absolutely fail in exerting a refining influence upon these classes in the community. They cannot therefore be endorsed on this account." The conclusion arrived at by the gentlemen is, that art exhibitions should not be open on Sun-day;, which is only to say that "the people of depraved, gross appetites "Šwhich is the de-scription he gives of the working peopleŠand those who are not able to attend such exhibitions on other days, shall not be privileged to attend them at all. Sunday is about the only day in the week upon which thousands of people can have an opportunity of going to such places, and it is far from being true that all these people are "depraved" and "gross." Many of them are quite as refined in their tastes as those who are more highly favored by fortune, and as far as physical rest is concerned, it would certainly do them quite as much good to attend an art ex-hibition occasionally as to spend Sunday in any other way; which only shows that it is the relig-ious, and not. simply a secular, observance of the day which is demanded by the Kings County Sabbath Association. The secret of the whole movement is that these people regard Sunday as a sacred day, and they are determined to compel others to at least act as though it were sacred whether they so regard it or not.ŠSigns of the Times. The.Constitutionality of Sunday Laws. THE Supreme court dedisions of the differ-ent States of the Union on the subject of Sun-day laws, are worth the study of any person who will take the time, not particularly for any real worth that there is in them, but just to see what queer freaks the judicial mind is capable of. The most recent, as well as one of the most remarkable, is the decision of the supreme court of Arkansas. Considerable mention has been made in the SENTINEL of the prosecutions of seventh-day observers in that State, in 1885 to 1887, for working on Sunday. The first case prosecuted was ap-pealed to the supreme court. The court rendered a decision in which it cited particu-larly a Massachusetts decision, confirmed the judgment of the lower court, and closed with the following words:Š "The appellant's argument, then, is reduced to this: That because he conscientiously believes he is permitted by the law of God to labor on Sunday, he may violate with impunity the statute declaring it illegal to do so; but a man's religious belief cannot be accepted as a justification for his committing an overt act made criminal by the law of the land. If the law operates harshly, as laws sometimes do, the remedy is in the hands of the Legislature, It is not the province of the judiciary to pass upbn the wis-dom or policy of legislation. That is for the mem-bers of the legislative department; and the only ap-peal from their determination isto the constituency." This decision gives to the Legislature all the omnipotence of the British Parliament, and in that does away with all necessity for a written constitution. The decision, on this principle alone, is un-American. No legisla-tive body in this country is framed upon the model of the British Parliament in respect to power. In this country, the powers of every Legislature are defined and limited by consti-tutions. It is. the prerogative of supreme  courts to define the meaning of the constitu-tion and to decide whether an act of the Leg-islature is constitutional or not. If the act is constitutional, then it must stand, whatever the results may be. And the supreme court is the body by which the constitutionality or the un-constitutionality of any statute is to be discov-ered. But if, as this decision declares, the Legislature is omnipotent, and that which it does must stand as law; if it be true that " the only appeal " from a legislative enactment is "to the constituency," then there is no earthly use for a constitution. " One of the objects for which the j udiciary department is established, is the protection of the constitutional rights of the citizen; " but if the only appeal of the citizen is to the constitutency, then he has no constitutional rights in any true sense of the word. Such a decision is contrary to every principle of constitutional law. So long as there is a constitution above the Legislature, which defines and limits its pow-ers, and protects and guards the rights of the citizens, so long it is the province of the supreme court to pronounce upon the acts of the Legislature. The supreme court of Arkansas, therefore, in this case, clearly abdicated one of the very functions for which it was created, or else subverted the constitution of Arkansas; and in  either .;ase, bestowed upon the Legislature the omnipo-tence of the British Parliament, which is con-trary to every principle of American institu- . tions. Nor is the State of Arkansas an excep-tion in this case, for this is the usual proce-dure of supreme courts in sustaining Sunday laws. They cannot be sustained upon any American principle; resort has to be made in every instance, and has-been with scarcely an exception, either to the Church and State principles of the British government, or to the British principle of the omnipotence of the legislative power. But American princi-ples are far above and far in advance of the principles of the British Government, in that they recognize constitutional limitations upon the legislative power, and countenance no union of Church and State; consequently Sunday laws never have been, and never can be, sustained upon American principles. That this stricture upon the supreme court of Arkansas is not unjust, we have the clearest proof. The three judges who then composed the supreme court were all members of the Bar Association of the State. In less than three months after this decision was rendered, the Bar Association unanimously made a re-port to the State on " law and law reform," an official copy of which we have in our pos-session. In that report, under the heading "Sunday Laws," is the following :Š "Our statute, as it stands in Mansfield's Digest, provides that ' persons who, are members of any re-ligious society who observe as.Sabbath any other day of the week than the Christian Sabbath, or Sunday, shall not be subject to the penalties of this act [the Sunday Law], so that they observe one day in seven agreeably to the faith and practice of their church or society.'ŠMans. Dig., sec. 1886. "This statute had been in force from the time of the organization of the State government; 'out it was unfortunately repealed by the act of March ,1885. ŠActs 1885, p. 37, 