MARCH 21, 1895. AMC   ItiirtICA..1\T 93 be done. Therefore we may add to these two points a Third: namely, that in presuming to make that change, " the church ' put itself above the Lord. The doing of it was the sign of apostasy. For bear in mind also the fact that the Sabbath has never been changed, and never could be changed. God's law is as un-changeable as his throne; but the people have changed. This apostasy was thus foretold by the Apostle Paul, who said that before the coming of the Lord there should be " a falling away first, and the man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition, he that opposeth and exalteth himself against all that is called God or that is worshiped; so that he sitteth in the temple of God setting himself forth as God." 2 Thess. 2 : 3, 4. (R.V.) In presuming to change the practice of Sabbath-keeping, contrary to the commandment of God and the practice of Jesus Christ, " the church" has confessedly fulfilled this scripture. Not only so, but the State, in attempting to enforce the observance of Sunday, puts itself in the very same place, namely, above and against God. It matters not that this has been Done In Ignorance. It is truly said that in proscribing labor on Sunday the Government had no thought of invading anybody's religious convictions. That is why we make this appeal, in order that those who have been led into a wrong course with no evil motive may have op-portunity to clear themselves from all com-plicity in it. An evil is none the less an evil because it is done unintentionally. As much damage may be caused by an infant playing with matches as by an incendiary. But re-member that when we speak of the evil, we have not the slightest reference to any incon-venience that we may suffer from the law. Our appeal is First, to the officers of the law. Will you, for the sake of a position, consent to be the agents of the man of sin ? Will you be a party to opposition to God ? Second, to the people generally. Will you, for fear of loss of earthly gain or reputation, follow the papacy instead of Christ ? England and Rome. There is much talk just now as to Rome's influence in England. Remember this, that separation from the Word of God is in itself union with Rome. A partial reformation was effected in the days of Wycliffe and Tyndal, by means of the Word of God. As the result of giving the Bible to the people in their own tongue, and teaching them to read it for themselves, England shook off the papal yoke, and became free. The emancipation was never complete, because the Word was not followed fully; but it is a fact that England's present freedom from paying tribute to a for-eign ecclesiastical power is due solely to the Bible. Individual liberty is the basis of all liberty. No State gives freedom to its sub-jects, but the State becomes free in proportion as the men composing it are free. Individual liberty through the Word of God led to the emancipation of England from vassalage to the pope of Rome. Disregard of that word will rivet the chains again. Therefore this is not by any means primarily a question for the Government, but one for individual considera-tion. What will you do about it ? Men are free only as the truth in Christ makes them free. Will you then choose the freedom of Christ, or the bondage of antichrist ? Asked to Deny Christ. One point more may serve to bring close home the fact that this question is, so far as we are concerned, solely one of loyalty to  Christ. As stated before, the law does not provide for any but Jews to be allowed to work on Sunday. Why it is right for Jews to work on Sunday, and wrong for Christians, has never been made clear; but we will pass that. The fact is, that if the directors of the International Tract Society had been willing to sign a paper declaring that they were Jews, they would have been allowed to labor on Sundays unmolested. That is to say, all that was required of them was that they should deny Christ. So that, in very truth, the so--ciety, in the person of its secretary, has been fined in the Clerkenwell Court for refusing to deny Christ. We simply ask our fellow-Christians, Would you do it at the demand of the State ? This is not a matter of small importance. It is a good deal more than a question of a few pounds, or the convenience of a few peo-ple. It resolves itself simply into this, which every man should ask himself in all serious-ness, " What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ ?" A PROTEST Addressed to the First-day Adventists of New England, by a Suspended Licentiate of their Massa- chusetts Conference. THIS protest is not written from hatred nor to insult anyone, but in love, and from an interest in my First-day Adventist brethren. There came to my hand recently, a tract published by the Advent Christian Publica-tion Society, entitled, " Why We Keep Sun-day. A Reply to Cardinal Gibbons' Official Organ, The [Roman] Catholic Mirror, and to Seventh-day Adventists, on the Subject, by Rev. Andrew Gray, D. D." Mr. Gray is an Episcopalian, and right here I would like to ask you, my First-day Adventist brethren, Did the Roman Catholics stagger you so badly that you could find no man in all your ranks able to answer the questions propounded by your Catholic contemporary? I hold no title, neither will this article be indorsed by any " Rt. Rev. Bishop" or any of the great ones of earth. My article will be a remonstrance and a protest against the germs of popery, sacerdotalism, and Puseyism, which your tract contains; coming as it does from you who profess to take the Bible only as your rule of faith. Henry W. Bowman, in one of your " Ray of Truth " tracts, says we should adhere to the Scriptures as our rule of faith. This is the essence of Protestantism, from which principle you depart when you distribute the above-named tract written by Dr. Gray. Your champion says, on page 8 of this tract: " Besides, The Bible and the Bible only' is not, and never was, the rule of faith in the Anglican Church." Now, you often quote, " To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." If that is so, why spread abroad a tract which, according to the confession of its author, is not based on the Bible, and consequently, has no light in it? Mr. Gray further says: " Her rule of faith is, and has been all down the ages, the scrip-tures of the Old and New Testaments, as in-terpreted by the fathers and the consentient voice of Catholic antiquity, speaking through the ancient creeds and decisions of the four undisputed general councils."' By such statements as these, Protestantism is dishon- 1  These four councils are: The First of Nice, Constantinople, First of Ephesus, and Chalcedon. For an account of them all, their spirit and their doctrines, see " Two Republics," pp, 829-482, ored. Martin. Luther said that the Word of God, interpreted by the fathers, is like milk poured or strained through a coal-sack. " The fathers blow hot and blow cold on articles of faith." This you well know, for if we accept the teachings of the fathers, we will be obliged to accept the dogma of the immortality of the soul and other Roman Catholic errors. In your book, "Future Punishment," by H. Constable, you give the opinions of many early fathers of the Catholic Church, who said the soul is immortal. They are Tatian, Athenagoras, Hippolytus, Augustine, Clem-ent, Tertullian, and Origen. Because they say so, does that make it so ? Mr. Gray says that the phrase, " The Bible and the Bible only," is as absurd as to say, "The Constitution and the Constitution only;" and that the Court of Appeals " is only an authority to settle its meaning." Such logic is anti-American as well as anti-Protestant, for the Constitution is the Magna Charta of our liberties. If, for instance, the clause stating that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof," should be transgressed and sanctioned by the Supreme Court, every true American with the spirit of '76 would arise in the name of his fathers and protest against it, saying with Patrick Henry, " Give me liberty or give me death." The Papal Church and the Sabbath. As Mr. Gray asks for information on cer-tain questions, I will try to inform him. First, he asks, What proof is thereŁ that the Catholic or Papal Church changed the day ? In the first place, the Word of God, in Dan. 7: 24, 25, speaks of a little horn that would arise, which is " the mystery. of iniquity," and which Paul said began to work in his day. This religion, " having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof," developed into the Roman Catholic Church, and the bishop of Rome became the pope. In Dan. 7: 25, it is prophesied that among other things which the papacy would do and has done, " he shall think himself able to change times and laws" (Douay Version). The Bible says the law would be thought to be changed by the mystery of iniquity. By the papacy and in the Catechism of the Roman Church the law of God has been changed; the second commandment has been dropped, the fourth changed, and the tenth divided into two.' Lastly, the papists themselves admit having changed it. What more proof do you want ? Next he asks, " In what year did it occur, and by what council ? " Although the change was not sudden, being a gradual work, Satur-day had to become dishonorable before Sunday could be regarded as honorable. " Sunday," says a writer in. the North British Review, " was the wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Its name implies this, as all know that the pagans worshiped the sun. The scheming bishops who were the politi-cians of the third and fourth centuries and onward, used the rites, cerefnonies and doc-trines of the pagans, and caused paganism to coalesce with the form of Christianity and thus created papal Rome. The principal thing so transferred was Sunday. When the Sabbath Was Abolished. We can give the date when, and the council by which, the observance of the Sabbath was abolished. William Prynne, a Sunday-writer of 1633, says: " The seventh-day Sabbath was . . . solemnized by Christ, the apostles, and primitive Christians, till the Laodicean Council did, in a 'manner, quite abolish the observation of it, . . . the Council of 2  See Butler's Catechism, p. 28, edition of 1877, published by Hoffman Bros., Milwaukee, Wis. 