ULYSSES S. GRANT. 264 AMERICAN SENTINEL. time, holding herself free from all alliance with this world, content to fulfill her calling in witnessing for Christ, in suffering with Christ, and so to accomplish her appointed work of the gathering out of the elect body for the Lord "until he come." A strange and almost grotesque con-ception to many modern Christians no doubt. But it was while maintaining this attitude that the Church moved on most rapidly and irresistibly in her missionary conquests. Then came the foreshadowings of the great apostasy. The world which had been a foe to the Church became her t friend and patron ; Constantine, the em-peror of Rome be-came her head, and thus the eyes of Christians began to be withdrawn from Him who is "Head over all things to his church." The great and good Augustine yielded to the seduction and was among the first to teach that in the temporal triumph of Christianity the kingdom had al-ready come, though the King with whose return the primitive Church had been wont to identify the appearing of the kingdom was still absent. Little by little, as the apos-tasy deepened, this early hope of Chris-tians became eclipsed till, in the words of Auberlin, "when the Church became a harlot she ceased to be a bride who goes forth to meet her bridegroom," and thus chiliasm disappeared. What moreover would have been deemed an apostasy in the primitive Church grew into a tradi-tion and a creed in the post-Nicene Church, which creed until this day largely rules the faith of Christians. The most eminent living master of ecclesiastical his-tory, Harnack, photographing in a single sentence the  Church of the earliest centuries, says : "Originally the Church was the heavenly Bride of Christ, the abiding place of the Holy Spirit." Does the reader not see that here is the same two-fold conceptionŠChrist in-resident in the Church by the Spirit; and Christ expected to re-turn in`"' erson as the Bridegroom for his bride? This was the Church which moved with such rapid and tri-umphant progress against ancient heathenism. With no power except "the irresistible might of weakness;" with no wealth except the riches of glory inherited through her heavenly citizenship ; refusing all compromise with the world, declining all patronage of kings and emperors, she nevertheless went forth conquering and to conquer, till in a few years she had undermined the whole colossal fabric of paganism. And might not the Church of Christ do the same to-day if she were to return to this primitive 