34 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. profession! They profess to regard Sun-day as a sacred day, and yet persist in buying ice-cream upon that day for their dinners. This is about parallel to the case of some of the Christians in the fourth cen-tury, when a law was demanded that pub-lic shows should be transferred from Sun-day and fast days to some other days of the week, in order that the Sunday might be devoted with less interruption to the purpose of devotion, and, as stated by Neander (vol. 2, page 301), that the "de-votion of the faithful might be free from all disturbances." The matter of disturb-ance is also explained by the same writer in these words :Š Owing to the prevailing passion at that time, especially of the large cities, to run after the various public shows, it so happened that when these spec-tacles fell on the same day which had been conse-crated by the church as some religious festival, they proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Chris-' tians, though it must be allowed, to those whose Christianity was the least an affair of the heart and 9f the life. Why this was so is also explained in these words " Church teachers were often forced to complain that in such competi- tions the theater was vastly more fre-quented than the church." And it seems that in the case of some " Christians " in Brooklyn, the Sunday dish of ice-cream proves a greater attraction than the church services; hence the demand in May, 1889 for a more rigid Sunday law. Another point worthy of note in the Secretary's report is the matter of closing art galleries on Sunday. He said :Š The patrons of art are the better educated and more cultivated of any community. Their tastes and aspirations are more refined. They take .ad-vantage of all reasonable opportunity to cultivate their tastes in this direction. It is this class of peo-ple who patronize art exhibitions. They attend them whenever and wherever they are held. They enjoy them at any and all times. Art exhibitions on Sunday simply prove an additional facility to enjoy this taste. Sunday exhibitions refine them no more. They would be no more gross without them. The people of depraved, gross appetites do not attend them. They absolutely fail in exerting a refining influence upon these classes in the com-munity. They cannot therefore be indorsed on this account. The conclusion arrived at by the gentle-man was that art exhibitions should not be open on Sunday; which was only to say that "the people of depraved, gross appetite "Šwhich was the description-he gave of the working peopleŠand those who are not able to attend such exhibi-tions on other days, should not be privi-leged to attend them at all. And the Museum of Art is still closed on Sunday. Sunday is about the only day in the week upon which thousands of people can have an opportunity of going to such places, and it is far from being true that all these people are " depraved " and " gross." Many of them are quite as refined in their tastes as those who are more highly fa-vored by fortune, and as far as physical rest is concerned, it would certainly do them quite as much good to attend an art  exhibition occasionally as to spend Sunday in any other way; which only shows that it is the religious, and not simply a secu-lar, observance of the day, which was de-manded less than two years ago by the Kings County Sabbath Association. The secret of the whole movement is that these people regard Sunday as a sacred day, and they are determined to compel others to at least act as though it were sacred, whether they so regard it or not. 'The plea for a civil Sabbath is a fraud. C. P. B. It Is a Union of Church and State. IN its late annual convention, the Na-tional Woman's Christian Temperance Union thought it again necessary to dis-claim any wish to unite Church and State. It is necessary for the Union to make this disclaimer periodically, because its work all the time leads directly to a union of Church and State. Therefore they must say that they do not intend it, for fear the people will find it out. And yet this seems to be a work of supererogation; be-cause in the very claim they make that they are not doing it, they show that they do intend it. Why is it not necessary for the Democratic and Republican parties, when they assemble in annual convention, to disclaim any wish to unite Church and State ? Why do they not draw up resolu-tions on that subject after the manner of the Woman's Christian Temperance Un-ion ?ŠFor the simple reason that nothing in the platforms of the parties nor in their work in any way is suggestive of any such thing. But the platform, the organ-ization, and the whole work, bodily, of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is suggestive of such a union in every re-spect. That is why it is necessary for them in annual convention to disclaim it. The following is the first resolution adopted at the late annual convention held at Atlanta While discountenanCing a union of Church and State, we do affirm our belief that God in Christ is the King of nations, and as such, should be acknowledged in our Government, and his word made the basis of our laws. Well, now, suppose that God in Christ should be made King of this country, and his word made the basis of our laws, it is not supposed for an instant, even by those who passed that resolution, that God, either out of Christ or in ChriSt, is going to come here personally, and sit on a throne as king. It is intended by those who passed that resolution that somebody here shall sit at the head of- the Govern-ment as his representative; and whether a man or a woman, whoever it be that shall sit there as God's representative, will sim-ply be another Pope, and the Government will then be but another Papacy. But the Papacy was, and is, forever and every-where, essentially a union of Church and State, and everybody knows it, and that is what this would be, and they know it;  and they are so afraid that people will find it out that they have to tell them it is not so. - Again :- Suppose " his word " were made the basis of our laws,- who would interpret the word ? Some person, or some council, Would have -to be the interpreter. But whether a Single perSon, or an assembly of persons, _ should interpret that word authoritatively in the affairs of the Gov-ernment, and were the Government con-ducted accordingly, this would be nothing else than a union of Church and State, because that word, especially the Christian part of it, is addressed directly to the Church ; and just as certainly as that word were interpreted officially for Gov-ernment, and the Government conducted accordingly, so certainly is the Govern-ment turned into a Church, and a direct and positive union of Church and State is established. Therefore, it would be impossible more fully or certainly to create a union of Church and State than would be created by carrying into effect that resolution. And their plea of discountenancing a un-ion of those two bodies is nothing less than a confession that the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union is conscious that-such a thing lies concealed in what they propose. If they really mean to discoun-tenance it, let them manifest it in their works. But so long as everything that they do, tends directly to such a union, all such disclaimers as this, that they may heap together, will be nothing more nor less than a confession that they are con-scious that their actions all the time are contradicting their words. A. T. J. The Self-Evidence of Natural Rights. THAT there is ah inherent sense of our natural rights is a fundamental principle of the American political system. The idea is not only asserted in the Declaration of Independence and alluded to in the Con-stitution, but is repeatedly affirmed in the writings of our early statesmen. It has, in fact, been a prominent doctrine in the development of Anglican liberty from Shaftesbury down to Spencer. Jefferson, in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, said.: " We hold these truths . to be self-evident : that all men are created equal; that they are endowed, by their Creator, with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights gOVernments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." And in a letter to Dr. John Manners, dated at Monticello, June 12, 1817, he again asserted his idea upon this question, saying : " The evi-dence of this natural right [expatriation], like that of our right to life, liberty, the use of our faculties, the pursuit of happi-ness, is not left, to the feeble and sophistical investigations of reason, but is impressed 