46 THE AMERICAN' s'r;N-rINm_a. once more, that all men having incomes under fifty pounds a year were to resolve upon reducing every ' income above that amount, to their own standard, and appropriating the excess for the public purposes. Could their resolution be justified ? If not, it must be a third time confessed that there is a law to which the popular voice must defer. What then, is that law, if not the law of pure equityŠthe law of equal freedom ? These restraints, which all would put to the will of the majority, are exactly the restraints set up by that law. We deny the right of a majority to murder, to enslave, or to rob, simply because murder, enslaving, and robbery are violations of that lawŠviolations too gross to be overlooked. But if great violation of it are wrong, so also are smaller ones. If the will of the many cannot supersede the first principle of morality in these cases, neither can it in any. So that, how-ever insignificant the minority, and however trifling the proposed trespass against their rights, no such trespass is permissible. Professor Francis Lieber. touches upon the same point in his work " On Civil Liberty and Self Government " (London, 1853); page 15:-- Liberty has not infrequently been defined as con-sisting in the rule of the majority; or, it has been said, where the people rule, there is liberty. The rule of the majority, of itself, indicates the power of a certain body ; but power is not liberty. Sup-pose the majority bid you drink hemlock, is there liberty for you ? Or, suppose the majority give away liberty and establish a despot. We might say with great truth, that where the minority is pro-tected, although the majority rule, then, probably, liberty exists. But in this latter case it is the pro-tection, or in other words, rights beyond the reach of the majority, which constitute liberty, Šnot the power of the majority. There can be no doubt that the majority ruled in the French massacres of the Protestants; was there liberty in France on that account ? All despotism, without a standing army, must be supported or acquiesced in, by the majority. It could not stand otherwise. Hence, we must remember that if we would maintain our free institutions, we must protect the rights of minorities, and insure to them every privilege and immu-nity that is accorded the majority, and that every man's rights must be protected whether he stands alone or with the Na-tion. We must remember, too, the ten-dency of mankind to enforce upon others their opinions and 'their customs. " Apart from the peculiar tenets of in-dividual thinkers," says John Stuart Mill, "there is also in the world at large an increasing inclination to stretch unduly the powers of society over the individual, both by the force of opinion and even by that of legislation; and as the tendency of all the changes taking place in the world is to strengthen society, and dimin-ish the power of the individual, this en-croachment is not one of the evils which tend spontaneously to disappear, but, on the contrary, to grow more and more formidable. The disposition of mankind,, whether as rulers or as fellow-citizens, to impose their own opinions and inclinations as a rule of conduct on others, is so ener-getically supported by some of the best and by some of the worst feelings incident to human nature, that it is hardly ever kept under constraint by anything but want of power; and as the power is not declining, but growing, unless a strong  barrier of moral conviction can be raised against the mischief, we must expect, in the present circumstances of the world, to see it incr3ase."ŠOn Liberty, chapter 1. If, then, we would guard against the evil, rather than suppress Sabbatarianism, whose advocates form only " seven tenths of one per cent." of our population, it. would be better to act in accordance with the principles established in the Declara- tion of Independence and American Con- stitution, and which was written out as it bears upon the question of Sunday legis- lation in Colonel Johnson's celebrated Sunday Mail Report, in the House of Rep- resentatives, in 1830:Š The principles of our Government do not recog-nize in the majority any authority over the minority, ' except in matters which regard the conduct of man to his fellow-man. Congress acts under a Constitution of delegated and limited powers. The committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power authoriz-ing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty for religious exercises. On the contrary, among the few prohibitions which it contains, is one that prohibits a religious test, and another which declares that " Congress shall pass no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The Constitution regards the conscience. of the Jew as sacred as that of the:Christian, and gives no more authority to adopt> a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individual than that of. a whole community That representative who would violate this principle would lose his delegated char-acter, and forfeit the4confidence of his constituents. W. A. BLAKELY. -4- Religious Liberty Work. BELIEVING that our readers will be in-terested to learn of the progress of the religious liberty work in California, we give the following report.. That all may be apprised of the situa-tion, we would state that a movement was set on foot in the Łfall, by the American Sabbath Union, and strenuous efforts have been made to secure the passage of a Sun-day law in the State Legislature (now in session). Petitions were circulated throughout the State, asking that such a law be enacted. Early in November, a Council met at Oakland, and after carefully weighing the matter, decided that the State Society should prepare literature especially adapted to meet the demand, and that this matter be placed in the hands of the branch soci-eties throughout the State, and they be requested to give it a wide circulation by sending it through the mails to localities in their district that could not be reached by other means. It was also recommended that a call be made by the State Society for funds to defray the expense of printing this literature. When the matter was presented to the societies by letter, we received the most hearty responses, in which we were as-sured that they would co-operate with us, and that they steed ready to circulate the literature as soon as it should arrive. An eight-page tract,- entitled, " Shall California have a Sunday Law ?" was first prepared, and 40,000 copies printed. These were apportioned to the different societies, according to their working force-and the population of the, city or town in which they were located. The societies were given the privilege of ordering more in case a' sufficient number had not been sent to meet the demand. We soon found it necessary to print 25,000 more. About this time a second tract of four pages, en-titled, "Religion Enforced by State Law," was written, and 40,000 printed. We are constantly receiving orders for more of the tracts, and the reports from the soci-eties relative to the work are most encour-aging. Up to the present date $369.26 has been received on the fund, and other societies are yet to remit. When the copy was put in the hands of the printers, they were so driven with work that it was impossible to get the tracts as early as we felt we must have them; so it was arranged that the Tract Society should assist in the folding. Our Tract Society rooms presented a very busy scene during these days. Some of our friends left their work at home and came in to help in this emergency, and many thousands of the tracts were soon ready for the mails. The Oakland Tract Society also rendeed valuable assistance. For two successive weeks, at the close of the regular pro-gramme and during the time of the work-ers' meeting, all the members that could be well accommodated at the tables, worked on the tracts, some staying until a late hour. We felt that we in Oakland were doubly privileged, as we not only had the opportunity to distribute the read-ing but also to help prepare it to send to others to circulate. Our State Society has mailed to all of the Senators and Assemblymen of Califor-nia as well as to the executive officers, copy of the pamphlet, entitled, " The Breckinridge Sunday-rest Bill," accom-panying each with a letter expressing the hope that they would find it conve-nient to peruse the arguments it contained before sanctioning a Sunday law for this State. We have received several good responses to these letters, in which we are assured that they will be glad to examine the documents. The State Society has also,  sent. to the above named officials and to the county officers, as far as their names were obtained, copies of the tracts. ŠAnna L. Ingels, in Missionary Echo, Oakland, Cal. IT is unjust to compel those who set aside Saturday for rest and worship, to lose another day also. This is to subject people of a certain religious belief to a penalty for that belief, which is nothing else than religious persecution, however it may be disguised.ŠBaptist Examiner. 