, Ł \ \,',\`.\\`‚\ \\, '7V.X%' X.NŁ ﬂ4..\\X\.\\ Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7e erson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 6, 1889. NUMBER 3. `14-2e An2eDiew2 Ber21ir2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr., NEW Yogic; 26 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL.; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; ' 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS : J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. DR. WILBUR F. CRAFTS has resigned his pastorate of the First Union Church, New York City, to become the field Secretary of the American Sunday Union. His work is to be a sort of general organizer and worker up of sympathy and support for National religious legislation. -+ . WE devote considerable space this week to the movement for a Sunday law in California. Although this is of more special interest to Californians, we believe it will be read with interest by people everywhere. We are sure that it may be read with profit in any State, for the same arguments that apply here may be used wherever it is proposed to enact such a law. H Ł THIS winter will be a rallying time for those who are zealous for Sunday laws, all over the land. In many States, efforts will be made to this end. We desire to make the Sentinel of special use in every part of the country, and So our friends will confer a favor on us by supplying us with all the information possi-ble concerning any movement which may be started in their respective States toward the enactment of Sunday laws. Give us the par-ticulars in such shape that we can substantiate any statements that we may make, and we will make the Sentinel of use to you in your local struggle for the rights of all the people as against the wishes of a class. 4.  JANUARY 1 the Presbyterian ministers of Minneapolis, Minn., held a meeting and de-cided to inaugurate a Sunday crusade in that State, and also to join in urging Congressional action. It was decided to "wage war against ' Sunday breakers, and to strike for an era of better laws, and for the better' enforcement of existing statutes." Sunday papers were de-nounced, and Congress was called upon to ab-stain from patronizing them. It was the sen-timent of the clergymen that some more ef-fective legislation was positively necessary,  and a move will be made in that direction. The ministers of other denominations in Min-neapolis have signified their intention of join-ing their Presbyterian brethren in this crusade against the Sunday papers. Ł lŁ IN an article entitled," Catholicism and the Public Schools," in the Noyember (1888) North American Review, Gail Hamilton writes thus :Š " No system of public schools can survive the narrow intellectual tyranny of forcing both sides of a controverted history to accept, as unquestioned truth, the belief of either side. Let every vestige of sectarianism be not only willingly, but eagerly and thor-oughly, removed from the public school; and theft let us, if need be, stand for the unsec-tarian public school with hand to the sword." It is evident that National Reformers will not find it all clear sailing in their endeavors to make our public schools the instruments .of an American hierarchy. 'The Latest Sunday-law Petition. THERE is now being circulated quite exten-sively a petition to the California Legislature, asking that body to enact a Sunday law. From some things, which it is not necessary to name here, we feel as though it is not being circulated as extensively as it might be, and we believe that there is an effort on the part of those who are behind it, to keep its contents a secret from all except those whom they are quite sure will favor it. Be that as it may, we propose to give the matter a little more publicity than it has yet had, and to that end shall give the substance of what is on the petition, with some comments. The fact that the petition is the work of the California Woman's Christian Temperance Union, is no secret. It is so stated in bold letters on the face of it. Underneath this statement are the words, f' Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." Ex. 20: 8, 9. And by the side of this is the following text of Scripture: " Hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20: 20. What logical connection these texts can have with a petition for a Sunday law, is more than we can imagine. They both refer to the seventh day of the week, and not to the first, and this fact is well known by every member of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Even if they  could by any-  possibility apply to Sunday, they would be out of place on a petition for a " civil Sabbath," as it is called, if that is what they are after; and this also they very well know. We are therefore forced to the conclusion that what they want is a law that will enable them to have Sunday treated as though it were the Sabbath which God gave to his people, and commands men to observe. In short, they want the State to enforce an act of religion on purely religious grounds. Next follows the petition itself, which reads as follows:Š " To the Honorable, the Senate and Assembly of the State of California: "Greeting: We, the undersigned, residents of Š, in the county of Š, State of Cali-fornia, in' view of the dissipation and demor-alizing influences arising from the desecration of Sunday in the State, earnestly and respect-fully petition your honorable body for the enactment of a Sunday law that shall give laboring men a day of rest; prohibit the car-rying on of all unnecessary business; pro-hibit barbarous, unseemly, and noisy amttse-ments, such as theaters, processions, concerts, games; and also the opening upon Sunday of all places where intoxicating beverages are sold; also providing, by proper legislation, for the enforcement thereof." Following this is the blank space for signa-tures. There are a few points in this to which we wish to call the attention of the people of California, and especially of the honorable members of the Legislature. The first is the statement concerning the " desecration of Sun-day." The word " desecration " is the exact opposite of " consecration." Nothing can be desecrated unless it has first been consecrated. But you will search in vain for any record of the consecration of Sunday. In, fact, but few people presume to argue for any express di-vine sanction for Sunday observance. There-fore " desecration " is not a proper word to apply to Sunday labor or amusement. But pass by the question of Sunday sacred-ness. One thing is clearly shown by its use in this petition, and that is, that the peti- tioners propose to get such a law as will en-able them to prohibit anything that would be a desecration of the day if it were sacred. They propose to have a law that will enable them to make people act as though they re-garded Sunday as a holy day, whether they really think so or not. They want the State to make 'people who are not religious act as though they were, and to force, their forms of religion on those who do not believe them. The required law must " prohibit the car- EDITORS. 