AMERICAN SENTINEL. 695 THE time has come in this Republic when a resolu-tion repeating word for word the preamble of the Dec-laration of Independence cannot be suffered to reach a vote in a religious denominational convention. The Universalists in Boston the other day ran away from such a resolution like mice from a terrier dog. It was "indefinitely postponed." Such incidents indicate an apostasy to the Declaration somewhere, somehow, by some one.ŠSpringfield Republican. LOUISIANA. SOME STRAWS. IN some parts of Louisiana the question of more stringent Sunday legislation and the carrying out of present Sunday laws, is now being agitated. In one city a Baptist minister bewailed the fact that that city is without a Sabbath, and urged that no man be voted into office who will npt promise to enforce the Sunday laws. This indicates that the germ seeds of church and state alliance continues to be sown during election cam-paigns. What would that great Baptist, Roger Will-iams, say of his religious confreres were he among the living to day? What did the Authority of Christianity say with reference to his kingdom and this world? "My kingdom is not of this world." Is not Jesus Christ the same to: day as yesterday? Why will his professed min-isters persist in misrepresenting him in their religio political escapades? S. B. HORTON. NEW HAMPSHIRE. THE Ministers' Association, of the city of Manches: ter, are working a plan to get the mayor of that city committed to religious legislation by declaring all "sacred concerts" held on Sunday charging an admit- tance "fee" to be a violation of the statute. A portion of a letter addressed by them to the mayor, is as fol-lows:Š "The association appreciates your promise to for-ward us an opinion regarding the legality of Sunday concerts in general wherever an admission fee is charged. It is the opinion of some of us that a concert or any other kind of performance on Sunday which requires an admission fee, is secular; and therefore, prohibited by statute for the reason that the requirement of an admix Ł  sion fee places the performance on the market and stamps it a business enterprise. "We beg to intimate to your honor that we are anx-iously awaiting your promised opinion concerning this matter, hoping it will so manifestly accord with the proper understanding of the statute that it will settle this question decisively." The pastors were evidently a little nervous over the matter, fearing that the better judgment of his honor the mayor might lead him to decide in harmony with the Bill of Rights of the State of New Hampshire, and thus thwart the plans of the association to make future use of the mayor's precedent. And so they very ingen-iously intimate to him how they want him to decide; or, in other words, after asking the mayor's opinion of the law, they suggest to him the proper construction to place upon it; and this because it was the "opinion of some of us" that that was the thiug to do. Let those pastors carry their petition to God and get power from on high to reach wayward souls and no Sunday law will be needed to stop them from attending a "sacred" or any other kind of "concert." GRANT ADRINS. St. Johnsbury, Vt., Oct. 27. ILLINOIS. ELGIN.ŠThe W. C. T. II. of this city are preparing for active reform work, and have opened a department known as the "Department for the Enforcement of Law;" which is suggestive of the doubtful nature of the reforms they have in view. W. D. CURTIS. INDIANA. A MEMBER of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Indianapolis was subpoenaed to appear on Saturday as a witness in a case. She declined to go, because she observed the seventh-day Sabbath. The judge and the attorney said, "the woman must come;" but the minis-ter of the church of which this witness was a member, explained to the court why the sister declined to come on that day. The case was put off, and a special notice was sent her, through the sheriff, to appear the next Saturday. She prayerfully left the matter in the Lord's hands, and the court finally concluded "to try the case without any compulsion." 0. S. HADLEY. MICHIGAN. ON Wednesday evening, October 18, one hundred persons were confirmed in the Catholic church in Lan-sing, Mich. Of these it was stated that twenty-five were converts from Protestantism. This is a startling testi-mony to the fact that when people cease to advance in religious truth, they rapidly retrograde. C. G. HOWELL. Pontiac, Mich. 