44 AMIE: I'M C.A.N SlEivr VOL. 10, No. 6. by "practically unanimous," and we will have to decide the meaning of the term by the practical usages of the Roman Catho-lic Church, as exemplified in the murder of Waldenses, Albigenses and Huguenots. Nothing is more evident than that Rome is calmly waiting and patiently working for the time when in her opinion public opinion shall be practically unanimous in the United States, and then she will pro-ceed to put into effect the statement of the Catholic Review of June, 1865, which reads as follows :Š Protestantism has not, and never can have, any right where Catholicity has triumphed. It is this viper that popular Protestants have warmed and caressed; it is from this harlot that during a thousand years of murderous midnight revelry, drank her-self drunk with the blood of the saints; it is from this harlot that apostate Protes-tantism, the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union and the pop-ular churches, asked help to stab to the heart the goddess of American liberty. Has the Blessing Slipped. " AND God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it." Gen. 2:3. This blessing and sanctification made it God's " holy Sabbath." Neh. 9 : 14. Man was com-manded by God's own voice, and this com-mand was written by his own; finger on Ł stone, to "remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." Ex. 20:8 and 34:4, 28. All of God's holy patriarchs, prophets and apostles regarded the blessing God had placed upon the seventh day. Jesus re-garded it, and continued to bless men on that day by removing the physical effects of the curse, and by endeavoring to bless every one by turning them away from their iniquities. Acts 3:26. And the holy women at the sepulchre were in thar-mony with the holy Sabbath God had made, for "they prepared spices and oint-ment and rested the Sabbath day accord-ing to the commandment." Luke 23: 56. All the holy men of Bible times were in harmony with God's holy day, and so were all the Christian church until the great apostasy took place; and then did the blessing slip from the seventh day because the Church went back into heathenism? This blessing had held firmly to the sev-enth day all through more than four thousand years of earth's dark history, and now did it quietly slip on to another day? Did God set his blessing so lightly on his "holy day" that an apostate church could by its decree remove it to another day? And if the blessing of God has slipped off the seventh day onto the first day, is it so firmly fixed now that it will not slip back again ? Is it a sense of this loose sacred-ness, or sacred looseness that causes all these efforts we see at "civil Sabbath leg-islation"? Do they hope thereby to rivet the blessing on Sunday so it may not be slipped back again onto the seventh day? And now if this Sabbath blessing could be slipped off the seventh day over onto Sunday by an apostate church, why can-not the faithful people of God slip it back again onto the seventh day? And pray tell, after all, when time was moving for-ward so rapidly, how this blessing slipped forward to Sunday instead of backward onto Friday? There are some queer things about this loose Sabbath blessing. But all this folly is set at naught by the fact that God never makes mistakes. That same blessing placed on the seventh day  at creation will remain upon it in the new creation, all flesh will come up on that day to worship before the Lord. Isa. 66: 22,23. Then God's blessing is now upon the sev-enth day and will ever thus remain, and no earthly power can remove it, and all opinions of men that regard it lightly are rebuked by the promise in Isa. 58:13, 14: " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sab-bath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and. shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor find-ing thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words : then shalt thou delight thy-self in the Lord; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father : for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it." G. D. BALLOU. Ł ŁŁ Ł  " That's True." THE managers of the American theoc-racy are becoming more arrogant. They recently closed a number of rival Sunday night entertainments in Boston, called " sacred concerts." One of the theocrats, Dr. Bradley, pastor of the People's Tem-ple, in his sermon, Dec. 30, explained Why he favored this action. We quote from his sermon, as published in the Bos-ton Globe, of Dec. 31 :Š One reason why these concerts should be abolished is that they employ a great deal of talent that should be used for better purposes. The men and women who exhaust themselves.at these so-called sacred con-certs should be using their powers of song and elo-quence in the service of the Lord. It is quite true that all men should use their power of song and eloquence in the service of the Lord, but it by no means follows that it is the right and the duty of the State to prohibit under the pains and penalties of civil law, all song and elo-quence not so used. " God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth," "for the Father seeketh such to worship him." Civil law cannot create such worshipers. The Inquisition tried it and failed. But the doctor has another reason why the State should prohibit the so-called " sacred concert." Here it is :Š The great reason why the concerts should be stopped is because they are deceptive. The title " sacred " has no application to their songs. But who is to decide whether these con-certs are deceptive, and whether the songs sung are " sacred " or " secular" ? Surely not the civil authorities. They are rep-resentatives of a secular government, and are no more qualified to decide whether these concerts are " sacred," or whether they are "deceptive," than they have to decide whether Dr.- Bradley's preaching is " sacred " or " deceptive." Each indi-vidual must decide that question for him-self, and it is the business of civil govern-ment to protect him in so deciding and acting upon his decision, so long as his actions do not invade the rights of others. There are millions of professed Christians, besides the millions more of those not professed Christians, who believe that Dr. Bradley's preaching is not only not sacred but deceptive; but this is no reason why Dr. Bradley's " sacred " concerts and discourses should be suppressed; but it is just as good a reason as the doctor gives for suppressing the " sacred " concerts of his rivalsŠthe theaters, Dr. Bradley further explains why the " sacred " concerts are not sacred:Š Perhaps you do not know that "Sally in our Alley'' is a favorite offering of the artists who sing it at these so-called sacred concerts. No doubt Sally was a dear girl, and was charmingly situated in her alley, but that is no reason why she should be dragged out every Sabbath night to be doted upon by young men and old men, who would better be engaged in the service of the Lord. Then there is "Annie on the Dee." We can easily imagine .Annie as buxom and rosy-cheeked, and as lovely a creature as one would care to see, but that is hardly sufficient reason for her being memorialized on Sunday evenings. This last quotation is introduced, not so much to present the doctor's objection, as to furnish an idea of the character of the "sacred " services furnished by him. It will be noticed that the doctor tried to be funny, and that, too, on Sunday night, after he had succeeded in closing up all his rival fun-makers--the theaters. But right here is where the trouble lies. The popular ministry is not proclaiming the gospel of Jesus Christ in its purity and power, but are attempting to tickle the ears of their hearers with " sanctified " secular jokes, and when the people prefer the original jokers and patronize them, the "sacred" jokers get mad and invoke the secular arm to close a rival business. On this point Dr. Bradley said :Š Some people may think I object because I run an opposition business mid want to get the crowds that go to the concerts to come here. That's true. My trade is going up the hill to heaven, though, and the theater managers' customers are going down the road of degradation to hell. As arrogant and tyrannical as are these statements from the doctor, we can but admire his frankness. This whole Sun-day-closing crusade is for the purpose of closing up an "opposition business," but the crusaders are not usually so willing to confess it. But it is an open question whether the doctor is going up the hill to heaven or not. He may think he is, as did the old Pharisees in the days of our Saviour's earthly ministry, and he has a right to think so, but he has no right to call to his aid the strong arm of the law to close all other trades and roads, but his " trade " and "road." Dr. Bradley next announced that " at seven o'clock a con-cert is offered for your delectationŠwar-ranted to be sacred ; ' after which the fol-lowing resolutions were presented by the doctor and adopted by the " customers " of his "trade":Š WHEREAS, Our most sacred national institution, the Sabbath, has been flagrantly profaned in the theaters of our city by the so-called grand sacred concerts, and WHEREAS, Certain worthy and honorable members of the police committee and aldermanic board have issued a decree in the city of Boston that such out-rageous desecrations of the divine day in certain thea-ters must cease; therefore, Resolved, That we, the congregation and members of People's Temple in said city, on this Sunday night, 30th of December, 1894, do return our sincere appre-ciative thanks to the members of this committee and board who have done so noble and salutary a deed ; and furthermore, be it Resolved, That we will indorse, encourage and sup-port these official gentlemen in still further efforts for the suppression of every other attempt to turn the holy day of God into a secular holiday. Resolved, That in doing this we are persuaded we are following not only the command of the Almighty Father of all, but also our deepest and most sacred promptings of conscience for the good of not only ourselves and children, but also for the highest benefit of the whole body of our fellow-citizens. Resolved, That a copy of this preamble and resolu-tions be sent to the police committee and board of aldermen. We leave our readers to comment on these resolutions, and close by asking if the great Teacher found it necessary to petition the mayor and 41dprman of Jeru- 