THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 knowledge of the fact that they are the de-scendants of those who did protest, and they view with indifference the rapidity with which the Church of Rome is extending its conquests over the world. 3. This indifference must arise from the'fact that "Protestantism," so-called, has degen-erated until it is very like Catholicism. If men were actuated by the spirit of the Reformers, they would as strongly protest against the evils of " the church " to-day, as those noble men did. The Reformation has been deformed, and that which the Reformers regarded as the enemy of the truth, their children are ready to embrace as the conservator of truth. Since " Rome never changes," Protestantism must have changed, in order to bring about this state of things. 4. "National Reform" is Romanism under a different title. The Reformers withdrew from Rome, because Rome and they were antago-nistic. If there had been oneness of thought and purpose, instead of antagonism, they would not have separated from Rome. But National Reformers are now seeking an alliance with Rome, and so anxious are they for this alliance that they are determined to press their suit even though they may be repeatedly rejected. If the separation of the true Reformers from Rome indicated their antagonism to her, cer-tainly the desired union of the National Re-formers indicates their likeness to her. 5. If professed Protestants are so nearly like the Catholics that they cannot see any menace to the liberty of our country in the insidious advances of the Papacy; and if a degenerate Protestantism is anxious to ally itself with Catholicism, that both " branches " of "the church " may be thereby strengthened,Šthen when this degenerate Protestantism, under the name of " National Reform," shall have suc-ceeded in its purposes, it will certainly adopt the tactics, as it already has the principles, of Rome, and will not scruple to persecute those who cannot be won to its support by milder measures. Indeed, the National Reformers themselves concede this point, for Mr. Sommer-ville, in the Christian Nation, says that it is most certainly right " to take public money to teach principles, enforce laws, and introduce customs to which many members of the com-munity are conscientiously opposed." Papal Rome, in her highest period of exaltation, never did more than this. When a Government or power of any kind enforces laws and customs against the conscientious convictions of upright citizens, it is persecution for conscience' sake. The National Reformers make no secret of their adherence to principles like this. Therefore we say that when National Re-formers shall have succeeded in their designs, they will have nothing other than an exact image of the Papacy. Scripture is not silent upon this point. The leopard beast of Rev. 13: 1-8 is quite generally admitted to represent the Papacy; if any doubt this, their doubts may easily be silenced by the most convincing proof. The power brought to view in the verses fol-lowing is said to "make an image" to this papal beast, and that image we now see in process of construction. Once men predicted  from this prophecy just such an image to the Papacy, in this country; now they do not need to refer to the prophecy to be aware of the fact. It certainly is time for all who value civil and religious liberty to sound the alarm. And the urgent necessity of warning the people against the adoption of papal principles, whether under the name of Romanism or National Re-form, is made still more evident by the follow-ing announcement of divine wrath upon. all who take any part in such iniquitous alli-ances:Š "If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brim-stone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb; and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up forever and ever; and they have no rest day nor night, who wor-ship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the Ł mark of his name." Rev. 14: 9-11.--Signs of the Times. Some Features of the Reformed Constitutkon. WE propose to give the American people a view of our Constitution as it will appear when amended to conform to the views of the Na-tional Reformers. This is a matter that con-cerns every one, and will do so more and more, as the National Reform party grows in influ-ence and power. In this matter of reforming the Constitution, and thereby the nation, these National Reformers begin with the Preamble. At the first National Convention ever held by the National ReformersŠAlleghany City, Pa., January 27, 28, 1864Ša memorial to Congress was adopted, asking the United States Senate and House of Representatives to adopt meas-ures for amending the Constitution of the United States, so as to read in substance as follows, the Amendment in brackets:Š THE PREAMBLE. " We, the people of the United States [hum-bly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the nations, his revealed will as the supreme law of the land, in order to constitute a Christian Gov-ernment], and in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-quillity, provide for the common defense, pro-mote the general welfare, and secure the bless-ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." It will be seen at a glance that this work of " reforming " the Constitution, cannot stop with the Preamble. For as the amended Preamble demands " a Christian Government," it follows that the whole Constitution will have to be made to conform to this idea. This is exactly the aim of the Reformers. In that same me-morial to Congress, immediately following the reformed Preamble as above quoted, is the fol- lowing:Š " And further: that such changes with re-spect to the oath of office, slavery, and all other matters, should be introduced into the body of -the Constitution as may be necessary to give effect to these Amendments in the Preamble." To present some o these changes, which will be necessary to make the body of the Consti-tution conform to the reformed Preamble, is the purpose of this article. As the purpose of this reformed Preamble is declared to be " to con-stitute a Christian Government," it necessarily follows that all who are to have any part or lot in the Government must be Christians. There-fore Section 1 of.Article XIV of Amendments to the Constitution will have to be reformed so as to read thus:Š All Christian persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdic-tion thereof; are citizens of the United States, and of the State wherein they reside, etc. This then being a " Christian Government," all officials in the Government will have to be Ł Christians. Therefore Section 2 of Article I of the Constitution will have to be reformed so as to read as follows:Š No person shall be a representative who shall not have attained to the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be a Christian, and an inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen. Section 3 of the same Article will have to read the same way in regard to Senators, thus:Š No person shall be. a Senator who shall not have attained to the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be a Christian, and an inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen. In relation to the President, Section 1, Arti-cle II, will have to read about as follows:-- No person except a Christian, and natural-born citizen of the United States, shall be eligi-ble to the office of President; neither shall any person be eligible to that office who shall not have attained to the age of thirty-five years, and been fourteen years resident within the United States. In the matter of the oath this same Section will have to be reformed so as to read some-thing like this:Š Before he enter on the execution of his of-fice, he shall take the following oath of office: I do solemnly swear "in the presence of. the eternal God, that during the whole term of my office I will serve the same eternal God to the utmost of my power, according as he bath re-quired in his most holy word, contained in the Old and New Testaments; and according to the same word, will maintain the true religion of Christ Jesus; AND SHALL ABOLISH ALL FALSE RE-LIGION CONTRARY TO THE SAME; and shall rule the people committed to my charge according to the will and command of God revealed in his word; and shall procure to the utmost of my power to the Church of God, and the whole Chris-tian people, true and perfect peace ;" and that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Con-stitution of the United States. This is a genuine National Reform oath, and is strictly according to the doctrines which that Association preaches. To accord with this, Article VI will have to be reformed about as follows:Š The Senators and Representatives before men-tioned, and the members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial of-ficers, both of the United States and of the sev-eral States, shall be bound by the aforesaid oath, substituting in each case the title of his own office for the words "President of the United States;" 