CONSTITUTION EWAN SENTIN "IF A2vy MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND 7tFI,ZETE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."--,Testes Christ. VoL. 12, No. 43. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 4, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests ing candidates at the polls,Šwhich is of course an abso- of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. lute impossibility,Šone is led to reflect that it would be sad indeed if Christianity offered no surer ground of hope torAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have and belief than does politics, or so often lured its adher- not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay eats into "knowing thing s that are not so." for it. I Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE principles of right government are based upon unselfishness. 4, - THE goodness of God cannot be framed in a creed or a law of man. NOT all is the gold of true principle that manifests itself in "glittering generalities." IT is a mistake for the state to act as though it were the creator of the people, and held their rights at its disposal. The people are the creators of the state. IF I am not permitted to choose whether I will keep the Sabbath or not, Sabbath-keeping cannot become a part of my nature; for only that can be wrought into my nature which comes through my own consent. The Test of Loyalty. HE only is not an anarchist who is loyal to the eter- nal law which governs the universe. THE test of loyalty is one that no person in this world who arrives at the age of accountability can escape. And the test is one of loyalty to law. IT is a mistake to think that a man has to go into But what law? Is it that law which is continually politics in order to serve the state. changing with the rise and fall of political parties, or the variations in legislative assemblies? Is there a varying THERE is nothing that human nature blossoms out standard of loyalty? It is manifest that such a standard into more readily than Phariseeism. could not serve as a universal test for mankind. No; the standard is unchangingŠthe samefor all men in all agesŠbecause it is based upon an unchanging and Snow me a man who is trying to force other people unchangeable law. The only law which changes not is to keep the Sabbath, and I will show you a man who the law of Him who is "the same yesterday, and to-day, can't keep the Sabbath himself. and forever." The principles of this law come in contact with the THE man who wants to force people to do right by daily life of every individual. No one can escape them. And they are the principles of religious liberty. No one, law has forgottenŠif he ever knew itŠthat the "weightier matters of the law" are justice, mercy, and truth. therefore, can stand in the position of a looker-on while the struggle for the preservation of that liberty is in prog- ...  ress. Unconsciously to himself, it may be, but none the CONSIDERING the absolute confidence which the politi- less certainly, he is standing under one or the other of cal factions display in the coming success of their oppos- the opposing standards; and if not an active participant 