THE SENTINEL, OF I.,IbEFR!TY. 629 DEGRADING THE PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM. for the public schools to honor their antagonist is in itself an admission that they ought not to exist. TUESDAY, September 18, the public schools of s.. Lowell, Mass., were _closed on account of the funeral of a-Catholic priest, " Father " O'Brien. The action , CATHOLIC DISSENT FROM' CATHOLIC FEDERA- was taken by vote of the school board on the even- TION. ing of the previous day, and pupils and teachers in REV. THOMAS H. MALONE, member of the- Colo- many instances did not know that the public schools rado State Board of Charities and Corrections, is a were to be made to do honor to one of their chief Catholic who sees no necessity for the federation of enemies until they learned the fact from the closed Catholics for political purposes, and who dissents doors which debarred them from the buildings. entirely from the positions taken by Bishop McFaul One clergyman, the Rev. S. T. Ford (Baptist), of Trenton in his recent articles written in justifi- dared to speak out from his pulpit in condemnation cation of this movement, entitled "Catholics of this un-American prodedure, and, in language and American Citizenship." In the October North temperate yet forcible, presented the principles by American Review, under the heading " Catho- whi-.:11 the school board should have been governed. Citizens and Constitutional Rights," Mr. Malone The Lowell citizen quotes him as saying: considers the article of Bishop McFaul, which he "Because an ecclesiastic dies the State has no says "breathes a spirit hostile to this modern prac-right to divert its funds to any memorial service, tice [the separation of politics and religion], and for that is what was done. It costs a great deal of his recommendations could scarcely claim justifica-money to run our schools. There was a diversion of _ tion even on the ground that the disabilities which the public funds in the interest of a memorial sere-. he alleges Catholics suffer, have undeniable exis-ice connected with the church. We ought in, our public institutions to be very careful that there shall tence. Even on such an extreme supposition, it is  questionable if political unity, having religion as its be no intermingling of church and state. " Another thing. I noticed in the report in the basic principle, would not accentuate, rather than newspapers that the vote to close was unanimous, ameliorate, the disagreeeble conditions." and it was said that Father O'Brien was a prominent As to the contention that Catholics' are not per- educator. I want to ask you if you are convinced milted in the United States to enjoy their' Constitu-that Father O'Brien was a distinguished advocate tional rights " in their integrity,'i  Mr.'Malone says and supporter' of the public schools. There is there can be but one answer, which he gives in these the vital question. He had in connection with his own parish a private school.' He had the words: right to do it. It was said in the address at his "In America, more than in any other country in  funeral that he had been zealous in this work in other the world, Catholics are permitted to enjoy, without  interference or molestation, their full Constitutional cities. He then represented a movement which, if' I understand it correctly, is, to speak it mildly, not rights, while they are guaranteed the, freest exercise  in sympathy with the public schools. Now, for the of their religion in every State in the Union."  public Schools of a city to close to pay tribute to a As to the complaint, endorsed by Cardinal Gib- man who believes that there is a better way, and who bons and Archbishops Ryan and 'Kain, 'at the discon-himself' sought to build up schools at the sacrifice and tinuace of the Government subsidy-' for Catholic to the detriment of the great public schools of our Indian schools; he says that " it is difficult to un- country, was an unjustifiable tribute." derstand how any one could find reason to conclude Such action on the part of the school board of that the- Government would not reverse, its recOg-' Lowell is consistent only with the idea that,;the pub- nized and successful [he is quoting here the ban-lic schoolS ought to be closed altogether and the guage of the complaint] policy of subsidiiing these schools.' " He regards this conclusion as especially parochial school system instituted in their place, unwarranted because of the fact that the Government 'There is no difference in prinCiple between closing of its intention to take this the schools one day out of deference to this priest's -gave five years' notice  system of education and closing them the, whole year action. On, this point of Government support, Mr. round,for the same reason. That system is just as Malone swell-says: Worthy of deference at one time as at, another; and Ł "As long' as Catholic's, are not, discrirnin.ted 