208 AlOilkAIRAICAW  VOL. 9, No. 26. N Rw Yonx, JUNE 28, 1894. LW-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without Jawing ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Catholics and Hebrews in this city are making a strong fight against the proposed constitutional amendment, which is destined, if adopted, to deprive all sec-tarian institutions of all State aid. MICHAEL TANCEY, a justice of the peace, at Fort Wayne, Ind., publishes a state-ment that from June 24, 1889, to June 7, 1894, he has had 114 criminal cases in his court, and of these, sixteen were "Sabbath desecration cases." ONE Adventist at Church Hill, Md., has been arrested three times within a few days for Sunday work. He was found guilty each time, notwithstanding the fact that on one of the Sundays specified he was sick in bed. The function of a Mary-land justice is to convict, if the charge be Sunday work, and the accused an Ad-ventist. THE article, "History Repeating Itself," on page 204, of this paper, will bear not only reading but thought. The most significant fact about it is that what is true of this nation is also true of the civilized world. Distrust with its train of evils is world-wide. Everywhere want is to be seen on the one hand and luxury on the other. The result is inevitable. Anarchy and ruin await the world. THE Field Columbian Museum at Chi-cago was formally opened to the public on the 4th inst. This museum is " the epitome and memorial of the great World's Columbian Exposition. The public will be admitted free of charge on Saturdays and Sundays. On all other days an ad-mission fee of twenty-five cents will be charged, except to school children, who will always be admitted free on presenta-tion of a certificate from their teachers. A LEGISLATIVE committee is investigat-ing the police department of New York City and some very startling facts have been elicited. It seems that for years the whole police force, from the highest to the lowest, has been a veritable cesspool of corruption. Instead of suppressing vice the police have grown rich upon it; they have levied blackmail, not only on prostitution, on illegal liquor selling, and on gambling, but on legitimate business as well. Police commissioners, police jus-tices, and police captains have all shared in this corrupt business. " Bunco steer- ers," gamblers, and even " green goods" men have received police protection for a share of the profits of the business. If Sing Sing does not receive a large acces-sion of population as a result of this inves-tigation it will be because " judgment is turned away backward, and justice stand-eth afar off for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter." JUNE 13, Ex-priest McNamara, accused of slandering priests and nuns at Kansas City, Mo., was found not guilty. McNa-mara's defense was that he accused the Romish Church in general of all manner of iniquities. The verdict, though emi-nently just, was a good deal of a surprise to the prosecution. The ex-priest had not slandered the Roman Catholic Church; he had told the truth about it. There is no occasion to go beyond the truth in speaking against Rome. JUNE 17, Peoria, Ill., observed Sunday. For the first Sunday in many years all the business houses in the place and most of saloons were closed. A few of the latter kept open, and will be prosecuted. It was also announced that in the future not even the sale of Chicago papers would be per-mitted. But Peoria still manufactures more whisky than any other place in the world. The religion of the place is not of the kind that sacrifices anything to con-science. United States law prohibits dis-tilling on Sunday, and as that is the principal business of Peoria, everything else might as well stop too. THE authorities at Church Hill, Md., who are pursuing the Adventists for ex-ercising their God-given right to work on Sunday, are casting about to see if there is not some law that will prevent the teaching of Adventist doctrine concerning the Sabbath and Sunday. This is only logical. If the State has a right to forbid Sunday labor it certainly may forbid men to incite to such labor. The attorney-general of the 12th Judicial District of Tennessee, told one of the editors of this paper, that it would probably come to that in Tennessee; and it must come to that everywhere. If the State forbids Sunday work it must likewise forbid the teaching of that view of the Sabbath question which leads men to work on Sunday. COMMENTING on a single remark by a Southern minister, the New York Sun says : " At the present time the spirit of Puritanism is stronger and more prevalent at the South than at the North. It has been losing its force in all the Northern States during the last fifty years, . but in the South it is now almost as pow-erful as ever. It is the spirit that had animated Methodism from the beginning; and at the South the dominant religious  sentiment is Methodist." Sabbath-keepers under indictment and under bonds and languishing in Southern prisons, are living witnesses to the truth of this statement. SUNDAY, June 17, Charles Cederquis, a private, in the Second United States In-fantry, stationed at Omaha, Neb., refused, on religious grounds, to attend rifle prac-. tice. He was put in the guard house to await trial by court-martial. This is wrong. No man should be compelled to perform any such service on a day which he regards as sacred to rest and worship, In this case it was certainly wholly un-necessary, and the man's conscience ought to be respected. In time of actual war-fare there might be some excuse for such an arbitrary exercise of power, but not now, HoN. WALET LYON, the Republican nominee for lieutenant-governor of Penn-sylvania, was a member of the upper house of the Pennsylvania legislature at its last session and favored the repeal of the special law making the penalty for violation of the Sunday law of 1794 $25, in Allegheny County, instead of $4 as it is in the rest of the State. Mr. Lyon has thus incurred the enmity of the Sunday people of Pennsylvania, and the Christian Statesman is urging them to vote against him and secure, if possible, his defeat at, the election in November. Thus the Sun-.. day question will be an issue in the States election. IT is stated from Rome that the pope is: about to issue another encyclical, which in intended to be his political testament. It is said, but not authoritatively, that "following the example of Christ, who, on the eve of his ascent to heaven, prayed that his disciples might be united, the pope expresses his desire to close his life with an appeal to all men of every laud and race to favor unity of faith ; " that is, the pope invites all men to become Roman Catholics. " He expresses his sorrow for the schisms and animosities which have torn great civilized nations from the Roman Church, and tells of his hope that, divine mercy and omnipotence will bend the wills of men and bring them back to, the one true faith." He makes a special plea to Protestants and denounces Free-masons as enemies of Christian unity, AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75e 44 250 to 499 " " " - - - 70c 64 500 to 999 " " " tt - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 