1-FiE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 713 to be deprived of his right to worship God' accord-ing to his own conscience? Does he wish to be compelled to serve God as some one else may dic-tate? Then will he in any way lend his influence to deprive others of this right or compel them to adopt certain forms of worship? Certainly not! Com-mitting this rule to life, then, guarantees perfect liberty, perfect freedom, and perfect equality. In this rule we find, persuasion, not compulsion; free-dom, not servitude; love, not hatred. Jesus of Nazareth is the Saviour of the human race. In his principles of justice, in his principles of brotherhood we find the solution of every diffi-culty, the settling of every question, for a question is never settled until it is settled right, according to truth. " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." " If any one knock at the door of my heart," said . Luther, " and ask, ' Does Martian Luther live here?' I would answer, ' No; he has moved out to make room for Christ to move in." Committing the Golden Rule to life is Christ, movinein, and the Golden Rule committed to life is God working in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. It is one thing to study a lesson to recite it, but it is quite an Other thing to study a lesson to kn-ow it. Committing the Golden Rule to mind is of little value to any one, but- committing it to life is of great value to the individual and to all 'who have to do with him. It makes home happy, communities peaceful, churches ŁChrist-like, and, finally, gains an entrance through the gates into the city of God. W. H. THURSTON. GOVERNMENT PROTECTION OF MISSIONS. By Rev. J. T. Gracey, D.D., PreSident of the International Missionary Union, in the Missionary Review of the World. THE utterances of Lord Salisbury about the triumphs of missionaries in early church history, without government protection, may b*a diplomatic hint of :a change of policy in government patronage of the Modern missionary. But Lord Salisbury needed not to go back so far to find illustrations of the success of non-combative evangelism, and there is little ground for his intimation that Protestant missionaries rely unduly on the arm df flesh. Rev. J., Hudson Taylor, of the China Inland Mis-sion;  has under his leadership missionary subjects of -several of the western powers:* Does anybody sup- pose he would like to see a syndicate of theSe powers combined for their protection? Members of that mission tell of riotous persecution, involving imminent peril to their own lives, without a hint to government about redress, which advertised the mission and provoked investigation of Chinese hith- erto indifferent to it, and this resulted 'in conver- sions, and from among these specific converts came some of, the most efficient evangelists and leaders of the native church. Bishop Ridley, of Caledonia, tells of his being spat upon, knocked down, and kicked about by savage ruffians, without any thought of appealing to his own British government to keep the peace in British Columbia. The brute who abused 'him afterward clasped his feet and begged his pardon, and at last died a triumphant Christian. The inherent might of this non-combative love has won victory for hundreds of modern Christian con-verts from heathendom. It is the native Christians that have to bear the brunt of persecution without redress from civil or political source. Bishop Ridley tells of a heathen band who en-tered the church of Indian Christians and forbade their reading the Bible to the people. Because they would not promise to comply with this demand the savages tore doWn the edifice with axes and bars, and because it was too great a task to pull down the tower, set fire to it and burned it up. One young Christian said, " Shall we not fight for the house of God? " An older Christian replied, ": No; Jesus never fought, he died. We will rather die than fight." There was no appeal to government for re dress; no requisition for' punishment of the crimi-nals. They bore it all meekly and lovingly, declin-ing to " put up a good fight, in the name of the Prince of Peace," and the result was the conversion 'of the tribe to which the men of the mob belongedŠthe strongest tribe on the Pacific coast. " From that night onward," said one of the rioters,, "I dreaded the Spirit of God: * * * When I hunted among the mountains the Spirit of God hunted me, and I was afraid." Another man Was one day hold-ing the tape, measure.  while the bishop was measur ing out the best site in the town to begin a. new church, when he said, " Bishop, do you know that. that hand set fire to the church'? It did; and until I heard the native preacher say that, the blood of of Jesus Christ Cleanses from all sin, I never' had, peace in' my heart, but when I heard that my Łfear went away." 