83 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Lincoln occupied with reference to the situation as it was in his day needs to be recalled for the instruction of all the people respecting the situation as it is to-day. The one great governmental principle to which Abra-ham Lincoln devoted his mighty energies from 1857 to 1861, is THE INALIENABLE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO APPEAL FROM, AND TO REVERSE,, DE-CISIONS OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES UPON CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTIONS. This principle was 'denounced at that time as revolu-tionary. For advocating this principle, Abraham Lin-coln was denounced as preaching "monstrous revolution-ary doctrine" ; as being an enemy of the Constitution and the supremacy of the laws; as giving over the coun-try to violence, to anarchy, to the rule of the mob. In 1896, this identical principle, with all who 'advo-cated it, was denounced in the same way and in the same words. And it was done by men who profess to be not only admirers of Abraham Lincoln, but the very conser-vators of the principles maintained by him. Perhaps these _same men, on this Lincoln birthday occasion, will again contradict themselves and falsify his-tory, by attempting to honor Lincoln in speech, Łwhile both in speech and action they repudiate his principles. We want the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to be prepared,to put into the hands of those, men, and all to whom those men may speak, Lincoln's own discussion of the principle which he so devotedly maintained. IN the month of March, 1857, the Supreme Court of the United States rendered a decision 'on the slavery question, in which the court gave to the Constitution a certain interpretation. The occasion of the decision is of no particular interest to-day; but the governmental principle developed upon the rendering of the decision is of vital interest always to the whole people of the United States. No sooner had' the decision been published than throughout the whole country there was a taking of sides for and against it. From whatever cause, it was but a little while before it was found that United States Sena-tor Stephen A. Douglas and Abraham Lincoln stood dis-tinctly in the place of leaders 'of the respective sides to the controversyŠDouglas for the decision, Lincoln against it. DOUGLAS AND LINCOLN AT SIIIINGI'IRLD0  ILL. The position and argument of those who accepted the decision of the court were stated by Senator Douglas at Springfield, Ill., about the second week of June, 1857, as follows:Š "The courts are the tribunals prescribed by the Con-stitution and created by the authority of the people to determine, expound, and enforce the lain. Hence, whoever resists the final decision of the highest judicial tribunal, aims a deadly blow at our whole republican system of gov-ernmentŠa blow which, if successful, would place all our rights and liberties at the mercy of passion, anarchy and violence. I repeat, therefore, that if resistance to the de- cision of the Supreme Court of the United States in a matter like the points decided in the Dred Scott case, clearly within their jurisdiction as' defined by the Consti-tution, shall be forced upon the country as a political issue, it will become a distinct and naked issue between the friends and enemies of the ConstitutionŠthe friends and the enemies of the supremacy of the laws." In a speech at'Springfield, "two weeks" later, June 26, 1857, Lincoln replied to this, as follows:Š , " And now as to the Dred Scott decision. . . Judge Douglas . . . denounces all who question the correctness of that decision, as offering violent resistance to it. But who resists it? Who has, in spite of the decis-ion, declared Dred Scott free, and resisted the authority of his master over him? "Judicial decisions have two usesŠfirst, to absolutely determine the case decided; and, secondly, to indicate to the public how other similar cases will be decided when they arise. For the latter use they are called 'precedents' and `authorities.' "We believe, as much as Judge Douglas (perhaps more) in obedience to, and respect far, the judicial de-partment of the Government. . . . But we think the Dred Scott decision is erroneous. We know the court that made it, has often overruled its own decisions, and we shall do what we can to have it overrule' this. We offer no resistance to it. Judicial decisions are of greater or less authority as precedents, according to circumstances. That this should be so, accords both with common sense, and the custom-ary understanding of the legal profession. "If this important decision had been made by the unanimous concurrence of the, judges; and without any apparent partisan bias; and in accordance with legal public expectation; and with the steady practice of the departments throughout our history; and had been, in no part, based on assumed historical facts which are not really true; or, if wanting in some of these, it had been before the court more than once, and had there been af-firmed and 're-affirmed through a course of years ; it then might be, perhaps would be, factious, nay, even reVolu-tionary, not to acquiesce in it as a precedent. " But when, as it is true, we find it wanting in all these claims to the public confidence, it is not resistance, it is not factious, it is not even disrespectful, to treat it as not having yet quite established a settled doctrine for the country. But Judge Douglas considers this view aw-ful." AT CHICAGO. In 1858 Lincoln and Douglas were rival candidates for the United States senatorship ; and this supreme court decision was the leading issue. Friday evening, July 9, Senator Douglas made a speech in Chicago; in which, noticing Lincoln's speech upon his nomination for senator, he said:Š "The other proposition discussed by Mr. Lincoln in his speech, consists in a crusade against the Supreme Court of the United States on account of the Drell Scott decision. On this question also I desire to say to you unequivocally, that I take direct and distinct issue with him. I have no warfare to make on the Supreme Court of the United States, either on account of that or any other decision which they have pronounced from that bench. 