42 .A.IVICEJELILCAN SIMN  Vol. 8. No. 6. ity in this country which was supreme ? There has. The Constitution has held unquestioned supremacy. That complete supremacy does not now exist. The Supreme Court of the United States in the case of the Church of the Holy Trin-ity, and Congress in the passage of the World's Fair Sunday-closing proviso have nullified the supreme power of the land. While the question of supremacy is at stake there is no supreme power. Who has brought about this condition ? What is the name to be applied to such a gov-ernmental situation. What is the fitting appellation for those who have brought about such a state of affairs ? That our Constitution, as it stands, gives no authority for the passage of Sun-day laws or any other religious laws is acknowledged editorially by the Political Dissenter, of February 1. The editors of the Dissenter have, as editors of the Christian Statesman, furnished the log-ical intellect for this movement ever since its inception. They have been consistent from the beginning. They have not hes-itated to acknowledge that religious laws are religious, that they are not in har-mony with the Constitution, and that therefore the fundamental law of the land must be changed. This they have openly sought from the first. These editors now say, and correctly, that, in case Illinois sees fit to question and defy the Sunday-closing power of Congress, " We believe that the commonwealth of Illinois would be able to make out a strong case in its interpretation of the national Constitution, and of the powers of Con-gress under it. Congressional legislation on behalf of the Christian Sabbath, or any other Christian institution in the life of our Nation, has no adequate legal basis in our written Constitution." In its decision that this is a Christian Nation the Supreme Court ignored the Constitution. It did not in so many words repeal the First Amendment, but did set up its authority in antagonism to it. The Supreme Court virtually said : When that amendment is reviewed it will be re-pealed; in the meantime we shall ignore it in our decisions. This leaves the su-premacy in question and the supreme power in abeyance. So far as these mat-ters go it leaves us in "that condition of society in which there is no supreme power." Who is responsible for this ? What is the correct name to apply to them ? Such occurrences as this violent out-break at Denver are the natural results of an attempt to enforce illegitimate law. Is the support of legitimate law and con-stitutional principle anarchistic ? Are they anarchists who are wise enough and public-spirited enough to warn against the sure results of the enforcement of illegitimate and unconstitutional law ? What is anarchy ? And who are anar- chists ? W. H. M. Is this a Logical Sequence? As is perfectly natural, in connection with the enforcement of Sunday observ-ance by law, the question of the imposi-tion of civil penalties for blasphemy is now receiving increased attention. It is in the logical sequence of events that this should be so. Foreign despatches say of England:Š Some time ago the suggestion was made in one of the London newspapers that a society should be formed to suppress the growing evil and scandal of  street profanity. It was generally admitted that English towns were disgracefully pre-eminent in the matter of cursing and swearing in public places, and that English street loafers possessed probably the foulest mouths in all Christendom. The pro-posal came to nothing for various reasons, one of which was that it would be as unpopular and dan-gerous to interfere with the English workmen's privilege to curse whenever he felt that way in-clined as to meddle with his right to get drunk. This week it has been tardily discovered that the statute book actually contains an act, passed in the reign of George II., " for the suppression of pro-fanity," and the law was put in force on last Wednesday at Wisbeach. The act is delightfully comprehensive, the only defect being the absence of a schedule of oaths and an appraisement of their comparative wickedness. Penalties are imposed according to the social position of offenders. The scale is one shilling per oath when uttered by a laborer, two shillings when the sinner is above a laborer and under the degree of a gentleman, and five shillings when spoken by any one above the degree of gentleman. The punishment is applica-ble whether the offense be committed in the public streets or in a man's own house, which seems some-what restrictive of the liberty of the subject and opens up possibilities of domestic complications. The Wisbeach case, however, was perfectly sim-ple. The prisoner uttered four wicked words in a public street, and, being a mere laborer, he was ordered to pay a shilling for each oath and thirteen shillings costs. It is upon this same ancient authority that the statutes and ordinances upon the subject of blasphemy and profanity, in the several States of this country, are based. They can, in every case, be traced directly back to this English statute. If, while the English law was dead, it could still have such life as it has had in this country, how much. more activity will now be given to it,Šnow that it is resur- rected in England. In Germany this subject comes up for legislative action ; of that country the foreign dispatches say in this regard :Š Among the measures with which the Imperial German Parliament will be called upon to deal in the course of the present session is a bill for the abolition of paragraph 166 of the penal code, which makes blasphemy punishable by three years' im-prisonment with hard labor. Neither in Belgium, Italy, Holland nor France is it considered necessary to make blasphemy a penal offense, and, indeed, the only three countries of any importance where the offense is still regarded as a crime are Austria, Great Britain and Germany. In England the acts of 1661 and of 1695 have never till this day been repealed, and the New York Tribune says that prosecutions for blasphemy have been pretty nu-merous during the present century. It is, however, impossible to deny that the time has gone when blasphemy could be regarded as a penal offense. The question has become more one of public order and decency than of right of judgment. In Ger-many, where the present political maneuvers on the part of the emperor, in connection with the military bill, may lead to a possible ascendancy of the ultramontane party, the repeal of the law is par-ticularly urgent. For when once the ultramon-tanes are in power there is nothing, as the law now stands, to prevent them from sending to prison for three years with hard labor any person who should venture to speak ironically of the latter-day mir-acles of the Roman Catholic Church. This German law against blasphemy may be modified, it will not be repealed. That would be contrary to the inevitable progress of the present course of world-wide legislation for the enforcement of accepted religion. It will be seen that this paragraph marks the fact that in Germany the contest is, as so lately shown here in the congressional hearings upon Sunday opening of the World's Fair, between Protestantism and Catholicism for supremacy in the State. Just as, in this country, the Protestants are now willing to give up Government appropriations for Indian schools entirely, in order that Roman Catholics may be shut out from sharing in the public treas-ury, so in Germany they are willing to reduce the efficiency of their law against blasphemy because of a use to which it may be put in the enforcement of Roman  Catholicism. It does not occur to them that by this they impeach the law. No law against which such an indictment can be brought has any place in the statute books of any people. But laws against blasphemy and profanity are in the statute books. It is in the logical sequence that active agitation for their enforcement should now arise. W. H. M. The Tennessee Inquisition at Work. SPRINGVILLE, Tenn., Jan. 30, 1893. The Adventist neighborhood was visited again on the 27th instant by the deputy sheriff, who made several additional arrests for Sunday work, and summoned quite a number of witnesses. One of the wit-nesses subpcenaed was the ten-year old son of W. D. Dortch, summoned to testify against his own father. The little fellow was at school where the representative of the law found him. In the SENTINEL of January 26, it was stated on the authority of a letter from this neighborhood, that this boy had been subpcenaed, and, on the writer's recollection of the boy, that he was eleven years of age. Neither state-ment was strictly correct; the summons was not served until the 27th, when it was done in. the presence of the writer, who was informed by the boy's father that his son was only ten years old on the 11th inst. Before this reaches the readers of the SENTINEL the trials of these Adventists will have been held and sentence pro-nounced. What the judgment of the court will be it is of course impossible to predict with any degree of certainty, but it has been stated in Paris, the county seat, that "they are going to be harder with them this time." A 1psiness man of that place is reported as wondering "what they will do that will be any harder than the chain-gang." Before coming into this neighborhood the writer understood that all the indict-ments for Sunday work, seventeen in number, were against Adventists, but such, it seems, is no lase. Seven out of the seventeen inst negroes in the employ of the cah, Tennessee & Alabama Railroad. These inoffensive colored men have doubtless been indicted to break the force of the charge that the prosecution of the Adventists is religious persecution; but not until the law is en-forced impartially against all, white and black, Adventist, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, or what not, the people can not be deceivedŠthe prosecution of Sev-enth-day Adventists in Henry County, Tenn., has in it all the essential elements of religious persecution, and everybody except those in sympathy with it recog-nizes it as such. With the prosecuting attorney who gets two dollars and a half for every indict-ment and five dollars for every conviction, the Sunday cases may be,Šas some who know the man do not hesitate to assert,Ša matter of fees; but back of everything else is religious bigotry and intolerance. One of the indicted Adventists is a young man who up until a short time prior to the finding of the indictment against him was rather wild, and did not keep any day, but worked alike on all days or spent the time riding around the country. But nothing was said about it; so long as he did not keep another day nobody seemed to care what he did on Sunday; the first term of court, however, after he became an Adventist, he was indicted, and will 