AMERICAN SENTINEL. 455 reau, and-final to a sub-bureau. In name Shinto is still the official cult. Certain temples are maintained out of public moneys, and the presence of certain State officials is required from time to time at ceremonies of a half-reli-gious, halfŁcourtly natu e. But its practical influence upon the government is s all. This fact is clearly shown by an article of the co stitution which declares that priests and religious teach rs of all kindŁ are not eligible to seats in the Imperial Piet. Buddhism, though dis-established, is far more po nt, and in an indirect way, capable of exerting a far treater influence upon legisla-tion. Under the constitution good degree of religious freedom is now enjoyed. In efining "Rights and Duties of Subjects," Art. XXVIII eads: "Japanese subjects shall, within limits not preju icial to peace and order, and not antagonistic to thei duties as subjects, enjoy freedom of religious belief." T is definition of rights has already proved a blessing to persecuted Japanese Chris-tians, and has multiplied the liberties of the missionaries and enlarged the sphere of their usefulness. The wave of religious legislation has not yet reached Japan, and may the Lord restrain it till the Third Angel's Message shall have been heard throughout its length and breadth. Sabbath Theories. BY M. E. KELLOGG. IF a record had been made of the various and con-trary positions which have been taken by the Protestant ministry in regard to the nature and obligation of the Sabbath, it would present a mass of contradictions and absurdities such as could scarcely 'be equalled in the whole range of religious discussion. The latest addition to this tower of Babel that we have seen is by Bishop Vincent, of the M. E. Church. The Chicago Times-Herald, of May 21, reports him as follows:Š "Bishop Vincent, of the M. E. Church, talked to the students of the University of Chicago last evening on Sunday observance. He spoke in Kent Theater, and at the beginning of his address surprised his hearers by say-ing that he did not care on what day anyone observed the Sabbath, just so one day of the week was set apart for meditation and rest. It made no difference, he stated, whether the day was observed between sunrise and sun-set, or within other division of time. "Bishop Vincent drew his conclusions from the text that the Sabbath is made for man and not man for the Sabbath. But, although the eminent divine was liberal in his views as to the particular day to be set apart, he was equally positive in his statements as to what uses the day should be put. He said that he was in favor of "a return to the old Puritan Sunday rather than have the day of rest used for anything else than religious purposes. He raised the question of how far a young man might use the day in recreation or business, concluding that the doer must be his own judge, and that society was incom-petent to decide in individual eases. "He argued, in conclusion, that for the safe-guarding of American institutionsi.the people must have a day of rest, and that the day should be spent in religious observ-ance. The contrary would be certain to carry us into anarchy and ruin." The M. E. Church ministers have very generally and strenuously maintained the doctrine of a change of the Ł Sabbath from the definite seventh day to the definite first day of the week. To sustain this idea certain scriptures have been quoted as proof that this was an apostolic practice. True, this is nothing but a card-board theory with neither foundation nor cohesion, but at least it had the merit of being definite. Now Bishop Vincent sweeps away the whole idea of the transfer of the Sabbath from one definite day to another, and leaves the observance of the day to be determined by individual opinion! While the bishop's theory gives up much that his church has strenuously maintained, albeit without any proof, he brings"For ward nothing for unanimity but much for division. But the bishop is certainly consistent in one thing. He acknowledges that society cannot control the individual conscience in the matter of Sabbath-keep-ing. Will all the M. E. Church be as consistent upon this point as is Bishop Vincent? FROM the report of the general secretary of the Chris-tian Endeavor society, given at the San Francisco con-vention, it appears that five thousand new societies have been added to the organization during the past year, making the present membership fully 3,000,000. The whole number of local societies is 50,747. The organiza-tion is strongest in Pennsylvania, where it has 3,443 local branches, New York coming next, with 3,049.. The "Christian Citizenship" banner for the city which should make the best report of work done in this line, was cap-tured by Indianapolis. Connecticut's New Sunday Law. A NEW Sunday law has just gone into effect in the State of Connecticut. It provides that,Š "Every person who shall do any secular business or labor, except works of necessity or mercy, or keep open any shop, warehouse, or manufacturing or mechanical establishment, or expose any property for sale, or engage in any sport, between 12 o'clock Saturday night and 12 o'clock Sunday night, shall be fined not more than $50." The old law provided for the observance of the day only from sunrise to sunset, and the maximum penalty for its violation was $4. Thus it is evident that theinew law is meant to be much more stringent. THE whole number of Government chaplains in the United States is given as fifty-seven, of whom fifty-two are Protestants. 