THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. 7.57 'poWer for their chieftains because no other church than' the Catholic is a world church." From the assumption that the Pope is the head.  of ;the ehureh, and is its infallible guide in faith and morals, all this that ,the Archbishop says -follows naturally enough. The assumption of the Pope to be the rspiritual leader of the churCh demands that. he be alSo a temporal sovereign; for the reasons here stated. He who supports the papal system is logically bound to adVocate the restoration, of The temporal sovereignty. No man in the Protestant church claims to be the church's head and spiritual, guide; hence the Protestant system of religion ;calls for no temporal sovereign and has no occasion to contend for sov-ereignty with earthly powers. The head of the Protestant, church,,is Jesus Christ, whose liberty is untrammeled by earthly sovereigns, arid whose action is altogether above any suspiciOn of being influenced not only by fear or favor, but by the ignorance and prejudice which are more. or Jess characteristic of every human mind. s. DISREGARD OF LAW. Mum is said upon every side about " the grow-ing disregard of law," and the necessity of inculca-ting " reverence for law as law." Who is responsible for this conditionŠthis grow-ing disregard for law? and how can " reverence for law as such" be instilled into the minds and hearts of the people? That, the ,diseaseŠdisregard for lawŠis wide-spread and, deep-seated no one can doubt who, will read with even a modicum of care and thought the daily newspapers for even a short time. Nor do we refer merely to the records of violations of law by private individuals. These are frightfully-common, but far more alarming are those violations of law which are participated in by whole communities, and even by officials sworn to administer and en-iorce the law, municipal, State, and national. Not long-  since a mob of men and women in this city drove from their work a gang of street-cleaners, pelting them with all manner of missiles. But why this exhibition of lawlessness? Simply because the city authorities, by failure to enforce the law regu-lating street=sweeping, set an example of disregard of law. The law provides that the streets must be sprin-kled before they are swept by machines; and that  the ,revolving brooms or brushes must do their work inclosed by side curtains to control as far as possible the necessary dust. But, utterly disregard-ing these wise sanitary provisions, the city officials not only set an example of lawlessness, but they gave the people just cause for complaint. The re-sult was mob violence. True; this incident was only a tempest in a teapot, as it were, but it serves to il-lustrate many very much larger tempests with much more serious consequences. We need only refer to the lynchings, which are no longer confined to any one section of the coun-try. To what are they due? First, to the " law's delays," or in other words, the failure of the au-thorities to apply promptly the legal remedy and inflict merited punishment on evil doers. Other Ł Ł causes there doubtless are, but this was, almost the only one referred to fifteen or twenty years ago. Others have come in later. The people simply ceased to reverence laws which through the failure of those who were sworn to enforce them ceased to command respect. Then the political " boss," who is ever ready to exploit both the people and the law, has done much to bring law into disrepute. , The giant corporations which manage in a thou-sand ways to evade the law, have had A large share in causing distrust and even hatred of law to take the place of reverence for law in the minds of the masses. And last, but not least, the general Government itself, by disregarding the ConstitutionŠthe funda-mental law of the landŠsimply because ." the end " seemed to " justify the means," and because, as ex-Secretary Foster explains, as noted in an article in another column, "public sentiment " demanded it in the interests of the extension of trade. If officials do not respect the law it is in vain to expect that the people will do so. Reverence is impossible for "laws ". that are made only to enable the rich to exploit the poor, or that are made to be enforced only against the poor and uninfluential. If the Government can set aside the Constitu-tion or disregard' its provisions because " the end seems to justify the means," is it any wonder if the mob assumes the same attitude toward the statute that stands in the way of the carrying out of their will?ŠCertainly not. "Like rulers, like people" is just as true as the more familiar saying, ."Like priest, like people." B. 