80 A1D1k417,11(DAINT VOL. 9, No. 10. NEW YORK, MARCH 8, 1894. Mr-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have ho fears that they will be asked to pay for it. LEGISLATION seems to be running mad. The latest freak is a bill at Albany " to prohibit the tolling of any bell in any cemetery in Brooklyn." The Sun perti-nently enquires : " Will the meddlers with everything, and every custom, and every right of the living and of the dead, even with funerals, burial ceremonies, and im-memorial usages, never cease their med-dling ? " THE Catholic Review does not like the idea of taxing church property, but thinks that in the event of such a policy being adopted, " it is not the Catholics but the Protestants who will have the most reason to wince." And that is just the reason church property will not be taxed. "Prot-estants " there are in abundance who would like to tax Romish Church prop-erty, but the Protestants who are willing to pay taxes on their own church property are few. A DISPATCH from Toledo, under date of February 21, published in the Sun of this city, on the 22nd, states that a judgment was rendered against one W. J. Ostrander, on a suit brought to recover a balance of $138.40 on a contract for a lot of rifles sent to Council No. 2 of the American Protective Association. Ostrander was, it seems, the agent of the coundil in the purchase of the rifles. With the Amer-ican Protective Association and the Roman Catholics both arming, the results are scarcely a matter of doubt. Open conflict must ensue. The American Protective Association is opposed to the papacy, and this is right. But this way of opposing the papacy is not right. Rome and her methods are all wrong. And opposition to Rome or her methods cannot be made in the right way, nor can it ever succeed, by doing as she does. That only helps her along, instead of being any real apposition to her. " THE garb of the Sisters of Charity was conspicuous in the Thirty-fourth Ward public school to-day," says a Pittsburg dispatch of the 26th ult. The reason given is that four nuns who had been previously employed in the parochial school of the ward begun teaching in the public school. The priest in charge of the parish states that this was necessary because of lack of ac-commodations for the parochial school children in his building. Instead of erect-ing an edition to the parochial school he installed nuns as teachers in the public school. " The nuns passed the school- teachers' examinations with high percent-ages." The school board is composed of Catholics, and they readily agreed to the proposition. It is said that there will be no religious instruction given in the school hours, and that the nuns will not wear their rosaries, but will wear their religious garb. Commenting on the facts stated, the Independent, of this city, says: "Of course a nun should not be excluded from qualifying as a teacher if she can. But we should draw the line at her wearing any specially religious garb: and if we are not mistaken, General Draper, who was superintendent of schools for this State, decided that such a dress could not be allowed in public schools." If General Draper ever made such a ruling he was clearly right. Distinctively religious garbs must be excluded from the public school rooms unless the schools are to be completely Romanized. A CORRESPONDENT wants to know our objections to the proposed 16th Amend-ment. We have no objection to it except that it does not go far enough. It pro-hibits simply appropriations for " secta-rian " purposes. In the proper sense of the word that is all right, but in the sense in which it is intended by the promoters of the amendment it would still leave the Government or any State free to make appropriations for that colorless thing known as " unsectarian religious instruc-tion." The amendment does not touch the root of the evil and is not designed to. TOPEKA, Kansas, is moving in the mat-ter of Sunday closing. The Ways and Means Committee met recently, says the Topeka Capital, to discuss the Sunday closing ordinance. A delegation from the Ministerial Union, consisting of Revs. Alderson, Dill, and Owens, was present to discuss the matter with the members of the committee. " The points of discussion took a very wide course, which involved Sunday labor in nearly all its phases. This dealt with the butcher, milkman, Sunday paper ques-tion, and even the street railway com-pany, and ran so far into the ridiculous that the ministers were compelled to draw the line and confine the discussion to a representative case, that of the butcher. " The ordinance relating to Sunday closing states that it shall be unlawful to expose to sale fermented liquors, any goods, wares or merchandise excepting drugs, provisions and articles of imme-diate necessity on Sunday. It was over the expression`immediate necessity' that the widest opinion existed among the com-mitteemen. Messrs. Holman and Fulton thought it unnecessary to get meat on Sunday, as it could easily be kept if bought on Saturday. Colonel Burgess thought it no worse to buy meat on Sunday than to have his wife wring a chicken's neck and clean it before going to church, while  General Bradford thought the butcher shop ought to be kept open for several hours, but not later than 9 o'clock. The latter opinion met with favor and it was finally left to Mr. Bradford to draw up an amendment to ordinance 68, which should specify that butcher shops be kept open for three hours, until 9 o'clock on Sun-days, and also naming a $5 minimum fine, which is not contained in the present or-dinance." A FRIEND in Missouri writes us as fol-lows Publishers AMERICAN SENTINEL: Not being very busy to-day I canvassed a little for the SENTINEL, and the first five men I showed the paper to subscribed; and I herewith send you $4.50, for which you will please send the paper to the fol-lowing names: [Here are given five names and ad-dresses.] Our friend need have sent us only four dollars on, five new subscriptions, and is therefore entitled to fifty cents credit on his own subscription under our special offer recently made. Other readers of the SENTINEL have been doing the same kind of work, and there is opportunity for still others. Let the good work go on. S. S. Lessons on the Book of Luke. THE Sabbath-school lessons on the Book of Luke for the second quarter of 1894 are now ready and orders for them should be sent in at once so that they may be on hand in good time. The lesson pamphlet in question is the usual size and price; forty pages; price five cents, The Pa-cific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City, has on hand a large supply and can fill orders promptly for any number re-quired. Do not neglect to order early. Ł IF you are going to do anything this year in either the vegetable or flower gar-den wouldn't it be a good idea to send ten cents to James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y., for a copy of "Vick's Floral Guide" for 1891 ? The " Guide " is one of the neatest things of the kind that we have ever seen, and if you purchase seeds, it costs nothing since the ten cents can be deducted from the first order for seeds. Vick's seeds cost no more than do others, and they are always good. Besides, the " Guide " is very attractive, and if you see it you will be pretty sure to want some of the choice novelties advertised this sea-son. Every family that can possibly do so, ought to have, in addition to the com-mon vegetables, at least a few choice flowers for their refining influence. They will repay the little care they require. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80e' 6.4 100 to 249 " " " 4( - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " 70c 500 to 999 " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 