552 AMERICAN SENTINEL. IN Baltimore during the past two or three months, there has been quite a controvers7 going on between a Catholic priest by the name of O'Keefe on the one side and several clergymen of the Methodist Episcopal per-suasion, the Methodist Protestant school, etc., on the other. The debate has been marked by the acrimony that too often characterizes ecclesiastical disputes, and the "calling of names" has been painfully frequent and severe. The subject-matter of the discussion is that old topic, "Sunday" and "The Sabbath." * * * WHEN some man greater than Buckle or any of his imitators shall arise, to exhaustively study and impar-tially delineate "The Genesis of Ideas," we shall have the most interesting and important book that the race can use. And the most curious and instructive chapter in that work will be the one that deals with the origin of the Sunday notion, and its strength and persistence among the Protestant denominations, who, in everything else, are hysterically hostile to the authority and the practices of the Roman church. * * * FOR everybody knows that the statements made a few days ago by one of the Protestant divines who has plunged into the midst of the fray in question, to the ef-fect that for the "observarce of Sunday," we have "the practice of Christ and his apostles," and "a divine com-mand," are absolutely erroneous. The Catholic father, of course, has the decided advantage here, and he is quick enough to seize it. In very vigorous and perfectly sound paragraphs he exposes this fallacy and brands the devo-tion of Protestants to Sunday as the badge of a servitude which they repudiate to the dominance of his church. * THE reverend father is perfectly correct in this state-ment. It is really not a question of religion at all,Šthis substitution of Sunday for Saturday as a day of "reli-gious rest." It is a question of history, pure and simple. This history is studied by Protestant divines in embryo, when they are preparing for their life work, just as it is studied by those who are qualifying themselves for the Roman Catholic priesthood. About many matters in human history there are disputes; facts themselves are 'sometimes contended for and against with much display of learning; how admitted situations came about and 'who was really responsible for certain things is frequently debated with zeal and bitterness. But there is no doubt and no room for doubt, concerning this Sunday question. Catholic, Protestant and agnostic have only to be sin-cere, and they will speak with one voice on the subject. * THE Founder of Christianity was a Jew, and he observed the "Jewish Sabbath." The first apostles were Jews, and they did the same thing. Their converts were, in the beginning, all of their own race, and it was never suggested to them that it was obligatory or expedient ;that a change should be made from this ancient, estab-lished and commanded way. We have a very clear ac-count of the expansion of the Christian cult, so as to in-clude Gentiles as well as Jews within its fold. We know that the extent to which the newcomers were bound to conform to the requirements of the Mosaic law gave rise to some discussion. And we are able to trace, though perhaps a little obscurely, the gradual increase in the proportion of Gentile to Jewish Christians, and side by side with this increase, the gradual rejection of the "Jew-ish Sabbath," and the adoption of Sunday in its stead. * * Now the various stages of this process do not bother the good Roman Catholic in the least. He opens his "Labbaeus"Šthat monument of Jesuit industry which contains in many ponderous volumes the "decrees" of many ecclesiastical councils, some of them long since de-nounced as mythical by certain inquirers. And, turning to the words "dies dominiens" he gets a long list of references to search out, to discover just how and when there accumulated around Sunday that "sanctity" and "holiness" which in the days of the Master and those who surrounded him pertained to the seventh day alone. It was all the work of "the church"Š"the Holy Catholic church ." * AGAIN and again does the "Holy Mother" warn her children not to "Judaize" (sic) by showing external re-spect to the Sabbath. Penalty after penalty is laid upon those who shalt fall into this heretical custom. It is evi-dent enough from these "decrees" that a strong antipa-thy existed at a very early date between the "orthodox" Hebrews and the Christians. Probably the work of con-version never made very great progress among the He-brews at any time. The Gentile Christians were particu-larly anxious to be distinguished in the eyes of other peo-ple from the Hebrew race at large, because there was a great aversion to these last among the population of the Roman empire, easy enough to understand from their haughty exclusiveness, and not necessarily implying any reflection on their manner of life. Hence "the church" frequently enjoins a total disregard of the Hebrew Sab-bath. BUT Protestantism knows no "Labbaeus." Its os-tensible essence, its one and only excuse for existence, is 