326 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE journals of this city have recently devoted con-siderable space to a discussion and condemnation of "Christian Science,"Ša so called method of treating dis-ease in human beings. A female resident of a suburb of New York City, was taken ill with pleurisy, and was "treated" according to the principles of this "science," she being a believer in the same. The coroner's jury which investigated the case gave a verdict stating that the individuals who treated the patient "were guilty of a culpable negligence, which the public welfare requires should be stopped;" and earnestly recommended "that necessary steps be taken to accomplish that end." Two of these individuals were arrested and put under bail of $1,000 each, to await the action of the grand jury. This action of the civil authorities seems to have been received with general approval. THIS is not the first time the SENTINEL has spoken of "Christian Science," and those who remember what it said on this subject know that it has no leaning in favor of such "science." It mentions the present case not to repeat what it has said, but to speak of other methods of "treating" the sick, practiced in the name of science by individuals of high standing in the medical profes-sion, and not subjected to attention from a coroner's jury or the courts. The SENTINEL speaks of them be-cause they are practices which set aside completely the doctrine of sacred, inalienable individual rights for which it stands. * * * "CHRISTIAN SCIENCE" invades the realm of individual rights when it lessens or destroys one's chances of retain-ing that "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" to which he is naturally entitled. But as the "Christian Science" method amounts to no treatment at all, it may be said of it that it does nothing to hasten the patient along the road to dissolution, as is often done by the administration of drugs. Unquestionably, drugs have killed a great many more people than have fallen victims to "Christian Science." These have been the victims of ignoranceŠof a mistaken belief followed out with an honest motive. But what must be said of practices where the deliberate intention of the operator is not to cure or relieve the sick, but to subject them to suffering and death if need be, in the interests of "science" alone? RELIGION is not the only thing in the name of which men have ruthlessly invaded the sacred rights of their fellow-beings. Those rights have been and are to-day just as ruthlessly invaded in the name of science. It is possible for an individual to fall so completely under the spell of "science" that he becomes as much a zealot for it as ever contended for religion, and one no less danger-ous to human interests. This is a fact; and it furnishes proof that "science" is not the saviour that the world needs. The world's hope of salvation lies not in that which appeals to the heart alone or to the head alone, but to both heart and head,Šthat Spirit which is the embodiment both of love and of omniscience. WE have received from the "American Humane As-sociation," Chicago, a pamphlet treating upon the sub-ject of vivisection performed on human beings. The subject is considered of course in its relation to those in-terests for which the association stands. Human vivi-section is defined as "the practice of subjecting human beings, men, women, and children, who are patients in hospitals or asylums, to experiments involving pain, mutilation, disease, or death, for no object connected with their individual benefit but entirely for scientific purposes." We are asked by the association to give "a personal expression of opinion" upon the subject in the light of facts which the pamphlet presents. This we are very willing to do. * * * THE vivisectionist idea of the value of human life was expressed by a writer in the N. Y. Independent, of December 12, 1895, thus: "A human life is nothing com-pared with a new fact in science. . . . The aim of science is the advancement of human knowledge at any sacrifice of human life. . . . If cats and guinea pigs can".be put to any higher use than to advance science we do not know what it is. We do not know of any higher use we can put a man to." * * -WHAT man? Does a vivisectionist know of no "higher use" he can put himself to than to be poisoned, mutilated and killed in the interests of his "science"?ŠOh no; he knows of no higher use to which he can put "the other fellow." * * . BHT when a man holds to such doctrine, and carries it out in practice, he is himself of all men.  the most fit subject for this "higher use," which in his case would not only satisfy the demands of "science," but would rid the community of a dangerous menace to the most sacred interests human society has in its keeping. * * * A FEW of the facts cited in this pamphlet are the fol-lo wing:Š 