AMERICAN SENTINEL. 477 State veterans of the civil war, or young men who have served in the Spanish-American war, who are very com-petent and will take pleasure in aiding you to acquire such a knowledge of military tactics as would enable you, in a short time, to elect your officers from members of your company, who would be competent to drill the company in all the evolutions of military tactics. "S. A. MOORE, Special Aide." Sunday Baseball. THE general situation as regards the conflict between Sunday baseball and the movement for Sunday enforce-ment, is thus summarized by The Outlook:Š "The question of Sunday baseball is attracting widespread discussion. The playing of Sunday games, both professional and amateur, in certain cities of the Middle West, like St. Louis, Chicago, and Milwaukee, with a consequently larger attendance than on any week-day, has led to the attempt to start similar forms of athleticism (and financial gain) on Sunday in other cities. In some of these the attempt has been notably checkedŠin the case of Cleveland, for instance; in other cities, like Pittsburg, the introduction of Sunday base-ball has been permitted. New York State is now the battle ground between the opposing forces. Interesting cases have been brought before the courts of three cities ŠBrooklyn, Buffalo, and Dunkirk. The Brooklyn case has resulted in a complete estoppel put upon Sunday baseball in the Borough of Queens. In the Buffalo case, while the police-court jury had decided that no offense had been committed, the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, reviewing the case on appeal, held that ball cannot be legally played on Sunday, as mani-festly violating the penal code of the State. The Court added that the legislature has authority to protect the Christian Sabbath from desecration by such laws as it shall deem necessary, and it is sole judge of the acts proper to be prohibited with a view to the public peace of that day. In the Dunkirk case, however, the police court jury rendered a similar verdict to that of the first jury in the Buffalo case. The Dunkirk case may now go before the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court." Slavery in Hawaii. THE New York Journal is a staunch upholder of the policy of "expansion;" yet it admits that under it hu-man slavery exists to-day in the Hawaiian Islands. It publishes the following statement of the facts:Š "SAN FRANCISCO, July 24.ŠThe contract laborers of the Hawaiian Islands are slaves and serfs in fact and in name. Police run them down should they attempt to escape, and district magistrates promptly convict them for deserting contract service. "A tall flagstaff arises above Oahu prison, at Hono-lulu. Upon the pennant that floats from it is embla-zoned a bloodhound, trailing. That device tells the fate that awaits the contract laborers who may try to escape from their dungeons. "Thirty six GaliciansŠcontract laborersŠare now within the walls. Their imprisonment is in direct con-flict with the Constitution and the laws of the United States. The flag floats above Honolulu, but the banner of the trailing bloodhound, and not the Stars and Stripes, indicates the law of the land. "When these imprisoned laborers contracted at Bre-men to work upon the Oahu Company's plantations, they signed a document printed in three languages, which provided that each laborer and wife and family should be provided with free steerage passage from Bre-men to Honolulu, lodgings at Honolulu, and transport-ation to the plantation. "The laborer must take the work assigned him, and his wages are fixed at $18 a month of twenty six days' labor. A day's labor is ten hours' actual work on the plantation, or twelve hours in the field. Time taken for rest is deducted from the day's hours. A schedule of wages for male and female children, ranging from forty cents to twenty five cents a day, is attached to each contract." A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission, Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: I. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. we will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   1-41 RICAN S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year " Six months 44 " Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St, New York. 