FIGHTING AGAINST GOD Is the title of a sixteen-page Religious Liberty tract just issued as No. 41 of the Library which PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE unite in teaching Christian principles of freedom of conscience 04 7 FINE HALF-TONE ILLUSTRATIONS 7 44  The pages shown below are reduced facsimiles of pages 6 and 7 of this tract MUTING AGAINST GOD. NOVEMBER 12, 1896. A.TVICTRUEE.TCA_N  359  NEWS AND NOTES. AN Italian named Guari was stabbed to death a few days since in New York City by a fellow Italian for having insulted a picture of the Madonna. e AN effort is being made to inaugurate Sunday afternoon concerts in Carnegie Hall, Pittsburgh. The authorities having the matter in hand are waiting for a fuller ex-pression of public sentiment. THE law passed by the last Florida legisla-ture, making it a crime in that State to teach whites and negroes together, has been de-clared unconstitutional by Judge Call, on the technical ground that the title of the bill is not broad enough to cover its contents. THE Christian Statesman, of October 31, is authority for the following: " The support given by Archbishop Ireland in so marked -a manner to the Repuplican party is the reward for the striking out from the platform of the St. Louis convention of the clause opposing the use of public money for sectarian pur-poses and the union of Church and State. It will be remembered that this clause was stricken out because of a telegram signed, John Ireland." PRESIDENT CLEVELAND has issued the Cus-tomary annual Thanksgiving proclamation, as follows:Š . The people of the United States should never be unmindful of the gratitude they owe the God of Na-tions for His watchful care which has shielded them from dire disaster and pointed out to them the way of peace and happiness. Nor should they ever refuse to acknowledge with contrite hearts their proneness to turn away from God's teachings and to follow with sinful pride after their own devices. To the end that these thoughts may be quickened, it is fitting that on a day especially appointed we should join together in approaching the Throne of Grace with praise and supplication. Therefore I, Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, do hereby designate and set apart Thursday, the twenty sixth day of the present month I of November, to be kept and observed as a day of thanksgiving and prayer throughout our land. On that day may all our people forego their usual work and occupation, and, assembled in their accus-tomed places of worship, let them with one accord render thanks to the Ruler of the Universe for our preservation as a nationŁ and our deliverance from every threatened danger; for the peace that has dwelt within our boundaries, for our defense against disease and pestilence during the year that has passed, for the plenteous rewards that have followed the labors of our husbandmen, and for all the other blessings that have been vouchsafed to us. And let us, through the mediation of Him who has taught us how to pray implore the forgiveness of our sins and a continuation of Heavenly favor. Let us not forget on this day of thanksgiving the poor and needy, and by deeds of charity let our offer. ings of praise be made more acceptable in the sight of the Lord. Witness my hand and the seal of the United States, which I have caused to be hereunto affixed, (Signed) By the President, GROVER CLEVELAND, RICHARD OLNEY, Secretary of State. GOOD BOOKS AT HALF PRICE. Wu again offer a list of excellent books, slightly damaged, at half price, and on all orders received before Christmas for more than three dollars' worth, we will pay postage or express charges. The list contains many nice books, suitable for young and old, which would make most acceptable presents. We also add books that are perfect in every par-ticular at half price with postage added. Send for the list, and see what we have, and avail yourself of this opportunity to secure some good books at heretofore unheard-of prices. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO, 39 Bond St., New York, Wilt thou rally thy legions to battle, And march on the City of Light, Whence angels excelling in power Were hurled to the regions of night? Wilt thou compass the city eternal, Its towers and battlements raze, And train thy batteries brazen On the throne of the Ancient of Days? Something Neat New and Novel THE CYCLONE STILL WHIRLS. Be Sure You Don't Miss the Whirl this Fall and Winter, iii/Alts45^05>6 For if you do you will miss a chance of a lifetime to make fine wages at a time of the year when nothing else can be accomplished. It will win you friends, and hold its trade as no other article that is now on the market will do. Give it a trial and your success is certain See what others say: D. J. H. KELLoC1s, in Good Health, says: The manufac-turers of the Cyclone Washer, Messrs. Coon Bros., are evi-dently meeting with great success in the manufacture of their very useful invention. Their business has attained such proportions that they have found it necessary to erect a large commodious building for the manufacture of their washers, hundreds of which they are sending out every month to all parts of the United States. That the Cyclone Washer greatly lessens the labor of washing day and may be considered one of the most successful of the numerous devices for accom-plishing this purpose, is attested by hundreds of grateful wives. We have every reason to believe that the machine is all that it is claimed to be by the manufacturers. Agents wanted in every county. Address, COON BROTHERS, 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. CAN NATIONS CONTEND WITH GOD? "'Am his wrath the earth shall trenible, and the nations: shall not be able to abide his indignation." 5  For a nation to compel a subject to disobey the laws of a. foreign nation, when it knows it is powerless to protect him in so doing, is hut to murder its citizen in cold blood, and merit international contempt. Will the government attempt to protect its citizens against the wrath of, an offended God ? Will it declare war on the King of kings ? Can it marshal its hosts and hurl its serried columns against the Eternal City ? "WE OUGHT TO OBEY GOD RATHER THAN MEN." "WREN they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people : he suffered no man to do them wrong : . . . saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." 7  If God had intended that his children should submit to governments in matters of conscience, he Would not have protected Daniel in the lions' den,. the three Hebrews in the fiery furnace, nor have delivered Peter and John, Paul and Silas; from their prison cells, where they were placed for disobeying human enactments. GOD AND THE POWERS THAT BE. "Rmia therefore unto Caesar the things that are Osesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." 8 God has ordained that governments should exist among men. To these governments he has commanded his people to render tribute, honor, and respect. He has commanded theth to be obedient to every ordinance of man, not for fear of punishment, but for the Lord's sake. So long as a govern-ment enforces ordinances of men, Šsuch laws only as are necessary for the protection of men in the enjoyment of their equal, natural rights, Š they will not come in conflict with the Christian. 5Ter. 10 : 10. 6 Acts 5 : 29. Chron. 16 : 20-22. Matt. 22:21 A LITERARY WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket Library. 45,800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand words. More than thisŠthe same covers contain Four Other Com. plete Books.  A GAZETEERŠPARLIAMENTARY MANUAL--EXPERT CALCULATORŠLITERARY GUIDE, Condensation without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ "COLUMBIAN WORD BUILDER." 'Bound in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, .50 WITH SENTINEL, one year, . $1.25 Printed on highly-finished paper Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the Price 3c each Most prejudiced or indifferent reader Usual discounts in quantities PACIFIC PRESS PIJ13_LAISHINGr CO., Kansas City, Mo. 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. 