*1111* I, 1 1110m,  ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR .2/1Y WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR.  NEW YORK, MARCH 25, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 12. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. llsCrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have Dot ordered the Sentinel need have no Years that they will he asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE Church to-day wants power. That is evident enough from her own testimony. She realizes that she is not making that stand against the world's tide of sin and corruption that she should, and in various ways she makes confession of this truth. But no less true than this is it that there is unlimited power in readiness for her use. To deny this is to deny the very foundation of Christianity. This power is the power of God. To his disciples Jesus said, as he commissioned them for their divine work among mankind : "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations. . . . And lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28:18-20. "All power" is certainly as much power as the Church can want. There is no necessity, then, that the Church should scheme to get possession of more power. She has but to take the power that God provides. And as God has pro-vided "all power," for his Church, it is certain that the Church needs nothing less than this. And it is equally certain that when the Church schemes and bargains for power from earthly sources, she gets only that which is infinitely less than the power she must have to be suc-cessful. But God does not grant his power as an uncondi-tional gift. He cannot allow his own omnipotence to be exercised independently of omniscient wisdom. To allow the Church to use omnipotent power as she might herself think best to employ it, would produce the worst state of affairs that could be imagined. Finite wisdom di-recting infinite power would be a thing fearful to contem-plate. The possession of this power, therefore, depends upon  the connection of the Church with God. And this is indi-cated by the words of Christ, "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." He is the Head of the Church, and by the head all the body is directed. The power which operates through the body is also his. But it is possible for the Church to disconnect herself from her divine Head, and substitute another head in His place, even as has been done by the Papacy. It is possi ble for the Church to become united to the world and thus separated from Christ. Bht as decapitation means death, the Church in such a case becomes a dead Church, so far as concerns the purposes of Christianity, and being dead she is without the power of Christ. It is Christ, the Head of the Church, who works,in the Church when it is united to him. But Christ is God; and Christ in the individual, or in his Church, means godli-ness. The divine power of the Church is the "power of godliness." But there is a "form of godliness" which the.  Church may have, separate from the power of godliness. This is as the Apostle Paul said it would be "in the last days." See 2 Tim. 3:1-5. All the sins enumerated in this text may go with a "form of godliness;" in other words, may exist in the professedly Christian Church; but with them the Church cannot but deny the power of godliness. Like Peter denying his Lord, she says of this power, I know it not. And she says this by her failure to manifest this power to the world. Claiming to be the Church of Christ, yet having not the power of Christ, she virtually says to the world, that no such power exists. If, then, the Church finds herself lacking in power, what is the reason? There can be no other reason than that, having become worldly, she has separated herself from Christ. For it is certain that so long as he is with the Church, she has "all power" "in heaven and in earth." The Church is mow seeking political power; but polit-ical power is not the power of God. In a sense, all power is of God; but the power of God in His Church must be manifested ingodliness. To be seeking forpoliticarpower is a denial of the power of godliness. 