........... new '    Equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or Versuasion, Religious or Colitical,ŠThomas Je erson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 3, 1892. NUMBER 43. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THERE is a phase of the Sunday legis-lation by Congress that has not been set forth as it deserves to be outside of the record of the proceedings of Congress itself. We refer to that phase of the subject in which Congress assumed the position of interpreter of the divine law. ŠDŠ IN the Congressional Record of July 10, 1892, page 6614, is the following :Š Mu. QUAY.ŠOn pages 122, line 13, after the word " act" I move to insert: "And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath day." The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be read. The Secretary will have the kind-ness to read from the Book of Law I send to the desk, the part enclosed in brackets. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠThe part indicated will be read. The Secretary read as follows: " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy: six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Š0Š THE foregoing is all that was said or done in relation to the question that day. The next legislative day, however, the question was taken up and discussed. The debate was opened by Senator Man-derson of Nebraska. And in the Record of July 12, pages 6694, 6695, 6701, we read as follows :Š The language of this amendment is that the Ex-position shall be closed on the "Sabbath day." I  submit that if the senator from Pennsylvania de-sires that the Exposition shall be closed upon Sun-day, this language will not necessarily meet that idea. The Sabbath day is not Sunday. . . . The words "Sabbath day," simply mean that it is a rest day, and it may be Saturday or Sunday, and it would be subject to the discretion of those who will manage this Exposition, whether they should close the Exposition on the last day of the week, in conformity with that observance which is made by the Israelites and the Seventh-day Baptists, or should close it on the first day of the week, gener-ally known as the Christian Sabbath. It certainly seems to me that this amendment should be adopted by the senator from Pennsylvania, and, if he proposes to close this Exposition, that it should be closed on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. . . . Therefore I offer an amendment to the amend-ment, which I hope may be accepted by the sen-ator from Pennsylvania, to strike out the words, "Exposition on the Sabbath day," and insert " mechanical portion of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." . . MR. QUAY.ŠI will accept the modification so far as it changes the phraseology of the amend-ment proposed by me in regard to designating the day of the week on which the Exposition shall be closed. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠThe senator from Penn-sylvania accepts the modification in part, but not in whole. . . . MR. HARRIS.ŠLet the amendment of the sen-ator from Pennsylvania, as modified, be reported. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠIt will be again reported. THE CHIEF CLERK.ŠOn page 122, line 13, after the word " act " it is proposed to amend the amend-ment of the committee by inserting: " And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." This amendment was afterward further amended by the insertion of the proviso that the managers of the Exposition should sign an agreement to close the Fair on Sunday before they could receive any of the appropriation; but this which we have given is the material point. ALL of of this the House confirmed in its vote accepting the Senate amendments. Besides this, the House had already, on its own part, by a vote of 131 to 36, de-cided that Sunday is the " Christian Sab-bath;" and by a vote of 149 to 11 that the seventh day is not the Sabbath. And thus did the Congress of the United States, at the dictate of the churches, not  only take sides in a religious controversy and discuss and decide a religious ques-tion, but put itself in the place and as-sume to itself the prerogative of author-itative interpreter of the divine law. For, from the official record of the proceedings there appears these plain facts: 1. The divine law was officially and in its very words, adopted as containing the " reasons " and forming the basis of the legislation. In other words, the legisla-tion proposed only to enforce the divine law as quoted from the Book. 2. Yet those to whom the legislation was directed and who were expected, to execute its provisions were not allowed to read and construe the divine law for themselves; and this for the very reason that there was a possibility that they might take the divine word as it reads and as it was actually quoted in the official proceedings, and shut the Exposition on the day plainly specified in the divine word which was cited as the basis and au-thority for the action taken. 3. Therefore to preclude any such possi-bility, Congress assumed the prerogative of official and authoritative interpreter of the divine law, and declared that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day," is the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment of the divine lawŠthat " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the meaning of the word of the Lord which says : " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." ŠoŠ nus is what the Congress of the United States has done. And in the doing of it, has violated every rule and every prin-ciple that governs in the interpretation of law. A leading rule for the interpreta-tion of law is this :Š In the case of all law, it is the intent of the law-giver that is to be enforced. What then was the intent of the Law-giver when the Sabbath commandment was given ? Did the Lawgiver declare, or show in any way, his intention ? He did. He declared in plain words that the seventh day is the one intended to be ob- 