740 T-HE I.J13  turned in the direction of enforcing the Sunday institution upon the people. From the statement of the objects of this feder-ation inc4uded in its " civil sphere " of activity, it is plain that questions touching the relation of church and state, and also matters involving the antagonism of Catholicism against Protestantism, are to be agitated and pushed to the front in this country.by this Catholic organization. In all this the Papacy sees much to be gained. s. A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. The Bible and the Nations. ATHENS was the capital of ancient Greece. Once when he visited that place the Apostle Paul de-livered a remarkable sermon to its idolatrous inhab-itants. As he stood on the Mars' Hill he spoke a classic on the relation of nations to the God of heaven. That classic is just as much truth for the nations of the present day at it was for the kings of ancient time: - "God hath made of one blood all the nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation. That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might, feel after him and find him, though he be not far from every one of us. For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring." The rise and fall of nations are not the mere happenings of chance or fortune. Increase or dimi-nution of national domain come not altogether as the result-  of successor defeat upon the battle field. It is God who appoints the time when, and the where, a nation shall arise. It is he who says when it shall fall. It is the Almighty who decrees the enlargement or the straightening of its territory. " He hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation." And all of this is arranged by the God of heaven " that they might seek the Lord, if haply they should feel after him, and find him." Then every time a nation rises "or falls, wins or loses territory, there is a lesson in it for the children of God, for these things are in some way connected with the seeking of the Lord by that nation.. Hence it is that matters of national importance are not to be passed over by the Chris-tian as matters of indifference. He should study them prayerfully, not as politics, but as prophetics..  They are all of momentous weight in the history of the children of God on earth. To every nation, as to every man, God has com-mitted its work. The Captain of our salvation sets the course of the man, and bids him steer the bark of his life for a port of spiritual and religious per-fection, wherein is immortality and everlasting peace. On the chart of the ocean of time the haven which he is to gain is faithfully marked. Happy is the man who knoweth and obeyeth his Creator in this. With the, individual man, the goal pertaineth to.  the things of the soul, to the things of spirituality. . So also it is with nations. The King of kings sets the course for every ship of state. Happy are the legislators who hold thereto. For the nation God appointeth a harbor of perfection in things civil, just as verily as for man he appointeth' it in things religious. Should the nation turn aside and steer another course, naught but the rocks of destruction await it. All this is clearly brought to view in the great Book of books. It was Job who said: " He leadeth away counsellors spoiled, and maketh "the judges_ fools. He looseth the bonds of kings, and girdeth their loins with a girdle. He leadeth princes away spoiled, and overthroweth the mighty. He re-moveth away the .speech of the trusty; and taketh away the understanding of the aged. He poureth contempt upon princes, and weakeneth the strength of the mighty. He discovereth deep things out of darkness, and bringeth out to light the shadow. He increaseth the nations, and destroyeth them: he en, largeth the nations, and straighteneth them again. He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wil-derness where there is no way.. They grope in the darkness where there is no light, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man." P. T. MAGAN. VERY.  SIGNIFICANT. DURING the annual convention- of the Missouri W. C. T. U., held in Kansas City, Oct. 31 to Nov. 2, 'goo, part of the program for the forenoon of Oct. 31 was devoted to Sabbath observance. Dur-ing the afternoon the president's address, a very able paper on the living issues of the present time, made a very favorable comment on the work of Spiritual-ism as a potent factor in the present reform work. 