32 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 4. NEW YORK, JANUARY 22, 1591. NomŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friendiunless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by spectal arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AN interesting question has been raised in this city, by the refusal of a Hebrew Judge to hold court upon the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Decalogue. Ł'4.  PETITIONS for a national Sunday law are still flowing into Congress. True, the stream is not nearly so large as it was a year and a half ago, when Mr. Crafts was manipulating the springs that fed it; but these petitions, nevertheless, show a dan-gerous tendency in the direction of relig-ious legislation-. THE City Council of Toronto, Canada, has decided that no more street-cars shall run in that city upon Sunday. It follows that all who cannot afford private car-riages must remain at home, or within walking distance of home, on Sunday. It is thus that such Sunday regulations dis-criminate against the poor. A FREETHOUGHT paper notes the fact that " indictments for blasphemy are very common in Germany; Dr. Pens, of,Berlin, Mr. Aug. Kruhl, of Hirshberg, and Dr. Voelkel being the latest victims. The lat-ter has at present five indictments against himŠtwo in Berlin, one in Halle, one in Muhlhausen in Thuringen, and one in Bernburg." Such indictments are not, common in this country, but nobody will pretend to say that, religiously, this coun-try is not far in advance of Germany,  which is noted for its skepticism. e  $  Ł  Fair Play, Sioux City, Iowa, quotes us as follows : " Homes in which moral in-struction is not given are not Christian, even though the head of the house may publicly minister in sacred things," and then says :Š How is this? Does the able editor of THE SENTI-NEJJ mean to be understood as claiming, that there is no morality which is not dependent upon Chris-tian belief ? Was there no morality antecedent to the birth of the man worshiped as a Saviour by Christians.? Is there no morality to-day which is not, dependent upon Christian dogmas ? Or, are the above questions asked through a misinterpret_a4.-tion of THE SENTINEL'S argument, the editor mean-ing to say, not that morality is impossible without belief in Christianity, but that belief in Christianity is not possible without morality ? If the latter, then it seems legitimate to infer that THE SENTINEL holds that Christianity (and every other religion as well)  is a moral cultus instead of an intellectual belief founded upon certain evidenees more or less valid. But is the latter position one whit more defensible than the former ? The editor of THE SENTINEL meant just what he said. We believe that the high-est type of morality is inseparable from Christianity, and that whatever is immoral is also unchristian. In an accomodated sense morality means outward conformity to the rules of propriety; but properly speaking only that is moral which is in harmony with- the moral law, the law of God, and that takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart: Trig First Methodist Church of Lead-vile, Colorado, publishes a complete pro-gramme of its Sunday and other services, in the form of a four-page weekly Sunday paper, which contains, besides the church notices, advertisements of various bushiess houses in the town. The expense of pub-lishing the paper is probably met in this way; but inasmuch as the Methodist Church is foremost in the American Sab-bath Union crusade against Sunday pa-pers, it would be well for its ministers and Official Boards to set a better example than does the First Church of Leadville. IN answering the question, " What is the difference between religion and moral-ity ?" the Christian Union, says : " Re-ligion is defined by Max Muller as being such a manifestation of- the infinite as produces an influence upon the moral character of man. In a less generic but more practical sense, religion is the main-tenance of such relations between the soul and God as promote life and character that are righteous. Accepting either of these definitions, there is evidently no true religion which does not promote mo-rality, and, in our judgment, there is no permanent, enduring morality which is not rooted in and dependent upon relig-ion." ONE of the beauties of living under a Government that makes a difference in the treatment of its citizens on account of religion, is illustrated by the following from the St Petersburgh correspondent of the London Times :Š A Jewish lad of poor parentage went up as a con-script for military service in one of the districts of Mogiloff, and was rejected on account of ill health. The lad had no sooner returned home than it was reported to the Governor that the lad had been illegally absolved from service, and he was therefore ordered to be conducted many miles back to the recruiting office in the district town by etape, which means walking all the way. The lad's fathe't man-aged to elude the police who had been sent for his son, and to take the latter back to the recruiting office in his cart, but on arriving there the lad was arbitrarily ordered to- be walked back to his :village, and then to be brought to the office again -by et ape. The boy, however, was. again-rejected as unfit for service, and the report to the Governor was proved to have been false. Under the " atheistic " Government of  the United States, such an outrage would be impossible, but under the " Christian " Government of the Czar, such occurrences are frequent: The moral is that Govern-ments, as--such, should know no religion. THE Graphic congratulates THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL 011 the celebration Of its sixth anniversary. -It is one of the most honest Christian publications in America, and its peers are very scarce. It has no ism but Christ, yet it defends Jew and Greek, Turk and Buddhist, from the Christian cranks who would set them-selves against every other intelligence on this globe, Venus, and Mars, and all the other peopled and unpeopled spheres, as to a day of rest. THE SENTINEL has en-nobled itself, and deserves fortunes for its good work.ŠColorado-Graphic. WE print on another page an interesting article by Rev. John M. Kyle, of Rio de Janeiro, upon the " Progress of Religious Freedom in Brazil." This article first ap-peared in the Church at Home and Abroad, and subsequently in the Christian States-man, though why that paper published it we are at a loss to understand. According to the Statesman's ideas Brazil is now atheistic. It is, according to Mr. Kyle, fully abreast of the United States in the matter of the separation of Church and State, and in some things has gone far beyond it. Just what, if any, recognition of the di-vine Being the new Constitution contains, does not appear, but it seems very unlikely that it will prove at all satisfactory to ardent. believers in what in the Statesman's vernacular is known as " Christian civil government." " Is the Papacy in Prophecy ? " is the title of a one hundred page treatise by Rev. Thomas Haskins, M. A., Rector of Christ Church, Los Angeles, California. This question, Mr. Haskins answers in the affirmative, the answer given by Prot-estants generally, but he supports his conclusions by arguments at once original and convincing. The work is well worth not only reading but study. It sells for 25, and 60 cents, according to binding; the cheaper style being 'paper, the more expensive, cloth. Address, Los Angeles Churchman, Los Angeles, California. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per- Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100- or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 44 Bond Street, New York. 