A $65.00 Sewing Machine! For $18.00. Black Walmit Furniture Cow. SetDro Leaf, 5Drawers and Full of Attachments. Warranted. 4 lb Tea or Family Seale. $1.00. 1,000 other Articles to h usual prices. Send for Catalogue. CSIWAGO SCALE CO— Chicago. 9pin9ros  111110 HOURS NO BACKACHE. osss 342 THE AIVIERIC.A.1Ł1 SENTINEL. from the fact that the occasion was one associated with religion. " One of the features of the election was the wear-ing of party colors, Mr. West's friends sporting yellow ribbons and rosettes, and Mr. Sneath's bright red. There was a profuse display, too, of election litera-ture. The placards on Mr. Sneath's vehicles were for the most part exhortations to the electors not to be deluded by any state of the poll' that might be issued during the dayŠa warning that was unneces-sary, seeing that both candidates adhered to the agreement not to increase the excitement by any such means. Underneath was this :Š " 'Poll early, men, for Sneath the bold, For he'll be neither bought nor sold.' " Mr. Sneath was also freely billed as the-friend of the poor,' and spoken of in various couplets of indif-ferent rhyme and meter, as good old Charlie.' Mr. West's friends delighted in describing him as the `choice of the congregation,' while, as a set-off to Mr. Sneath's claim to be the friend of the poor,' they issued a bill stating that Mr. West will not purchase votes, nor bribe, nor give beer, nor promise rewards; but if elected, he will do his duty to both rich and poor.' Another effort of theirs resulted in the following appeal: QuestionŠWill free Britons give their money to force a tyrant king on an unwilling people ? Will the electors of Deritend and Bordesley give their votes to force a rejected minister on an un-willing people? Ten thousand voices answer," No no! no I " Vote for West, the congregation's chice.' " ŠLondon Telegraph. "A Great Reformation." DR. BOTHWELL, of the Chase Street Congrega-tional Church, West Oakland, delivered a lecture, October 27, on Pope Gregory VII., or, " Rome's Most Successful Attempt at Universal Dominion." In the report in the Morning Times occurs the following extract :Š "Gregory effected a great reformation during his reign, effecting the celibacy of the clergy, and taking away the benefice of the kings by elevating the spiritual above the temporal power, compelling the greatest emperor of his time, Henry IV.; to humble before him. He accomplished this because he ex-celled other men in brain power, in knowledge, in zeal and singleness of purpose, and in his grasp of the mighty basic principles of the Redeemer's king-dom. Christian people should, therefore, be content with no ordinary attainments, and with the full in-spiration from God they should be able to accomplish much ; and to enjoy the vastness of his kingdom all should make the fullest preparation," Mr. Bothwell is an ardent Sunday-law advocate. This is the apology for this notice of the utter-ance above quoted. The fact is, pertinent in con-nection with such a sentiment, as showing the general tendency of that class of religionists to sympathize with the Catholic ideas of the church's relation to the State. There is no doubt of the facts asserted in regard to Gregory's aggressive-ness, and also of his success in securing the domi-nation of the church over the State. It may be fairly admitted that Gregory was actuated by a zeal for the reformation of the church, of which it certainly stood in much need in his day, and that his motive was not altogether a power-seeking one. There is no doubt that this was his idea of reformation. But to characterize the things here, specified by the lecturer as "a great Reformation," looks like an almost desperate attempt on the part of a Protestant minister to apologize for the domineer-ing policy of the Papacy as regards its attitude toward the secular power. It would seem that Protestant aspirants for ecclesiastical domina- tion in secular affairs, seeing their cause is so palpably papal in its nature, feel constrained to indorse almost anything coming from Rome in Order to make a show of consistency. When a married Protestant minister will' hold  up before his congregation, and before the public, the idea that "effecting the celibacy of the clergy" was "a' great reformation," it certainly appears as though there was some pressing necessity for presenting papal dogmas in a favorable light. And is not the same: conclusion doubly assured when the same estimate is placed upon the act of "taking away the benefice of the kings by elevat-ing the spiritual above the temporal power?" And what shall we say when in the same strain he parades these extreme assumptions of the Papacy as "the mighty basic principles of the Redeemer's kingdom"? Yet this man, only a few weeks ago, when ad-vocating a Sunday law, utterly disclaimed being in favor of a union of Church and State. Can anyone read the extract from his lecture here quoted without the conviction that. the Doctor has certainly changed his mind? Well, if he does not favor the union of Church and Statejt is because he believes in "elevating the spiritual above the temporal power" so high that the latter will haVe nothing to say whatever, and the church will have "universal dominion." N N Ł A CORRESPONDENT of the Jewish Voice, St. Louis, Mo., writes as follows to that paper "Not long ago your correspondent saw in one of the daily newspapers an account of the arrest of several Jews for not keeping their stores closed on Sunday. These same men had rested the day preceding. What shall we say to this? There is no one more devoted to his, country, no one who has less prejudice and more regard for the opinions of his fellow-men, than the writer. Yet this deed approaches his sense of the unjust, and arouses as much of a feeling of resentment as dare be found in the heart of a Jew, and he still be called a Jew in the sight of God. Is there any nation which has representatives in the United States who are more peaceable than the Jews ? Is there any -nation that causes less an;  noyance to the government ?ŠNone ! If you ask why, we answer, Because the turbulent spirit has been conquered by years of cruel persecution. They love the Constitution of the United States. Why?ŠBecause it is founded on the one which their great Lawgiver framed for them. Still, in this very country, that has the statue of lib- erty at the entrance of the harbor of its most densely populated city, freedom of thought, of action, is forbidden ; aye, more than that, punished by law; it is true, not by the rack or the stocks, but by a refined mode suitable to the age." THE President's Thanksgiving proclamation is peculiar in that it says "that the. people of our country, ceasing from the cares and labor of their-workin0ays, shall assemble in their 'respective places of worship and give thanks to Ged, who has prOspered us on .our way," etc. This re-minds us of the idea which has been expressedŠwe cannot now recall-the wordsŠthat that which is at first given only as advice comes, in time to have the force of positive command. Of course it was not the purpoSe nf:the :President to com-mand anybody to observe --Thanksgiving, but the language which he has used is suggestive of the tendency toward official supervision of religious matters. We know of no.greaterefaree, however, than our American Thanksgiving, and they who suppose that God is honored' by a day set apart to gormandizing have a very 'Owl concention of Deity. Purchasing Agency ANYONE desiring purchases made in San Fran. cisco or Oakland will find it an advantage to him to correspond with G. A. Baker, Oakland, Cal. Nine Cords of Wood in Ten Hours By one man may appear to some as an unlikely story; but a machine is now manufactured which has.  proven such a feat is possible. It can be carried folded on a man's back, saws down trees, and runs easy without causing backache.. There are 25,000 now in use, and the demand is constantly increasing. Apply to Folding Sawing Machine Co., Chicago, who will send free illustrated catalogue containing testi-monials from hundreds who have sawed from 4 to 9 cords in a day. A new invention for filing, saws ac-companies each machine; same can be had separate. With this tool anyone can file a saw better than an expert can without it. Time to Renew. QUITE a number of subscriptions to the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL expire during the months of No-vember and December. Please look at the date on the address label opposite your name, and if your time has expired, or is about to expire, please renew at once and thus avoid missing any num-bers. Price, $1.00 per year. If you will send us four new subscriptions at $1.00 each, we will send you the SENTINEL for one year free. Now is the time to work. Are you ready? PACIFB  IC u3s2011EsCt.oslleFK Life Scholarship, $75. Send for Catalogue. Fresno and Merced County Lands To Rent and For Sale. of wheat and sugar beet land in the above counties, to rent for a term of years. Also of fine resin, fruit, alfalfa, and sugar beet land, with water for irrigation, for sale in tracts of from 20 acres to large tracts suitable for colony purposes. For particulars, apply to E. B. PERRIN, 402 Kearny St., San Francisco. MY OHE MAN. Write for desoriptivecattuogaseotn glta=dwittestimontals front husdrwis of people who haw SIM 4 to 9 eords dolly 25,ou0nowsueeessfultrused. izeiv can be had where there is a vacancy. I. NEW - MIN for Ming saws sent hes with each siseldnet  by the use of this tool everybody can file their own saws now and do it better then the greatest expert Can wi Oat Adapted to all cross-cut saws. Every one who owns a saw should have one. Asit_3rour dealers or write FOLDING SAWING MACHINE CO, 808 1.811 South Canal Street, CA10.80, PUBLICATIONS, Per Copy. Health and Temperance Analysis and How to Remember (pamphlet) - - 25 cts. Conflict Between ,Truth and Falsehood (poem) - - - - - - - 10 eta. Science and 'Art of Bible Readings - 20 cts. 10 00 Per Set. 100 Sets. Same Readings on thin Cards, to carry in Bible, send in letter, or distribute - 20 cts. $10 00 National-Series of Elocution Charts,- (Entire Set of 12) 5 00 MissTh eAnnaelLs s  E.  Willard,oe ( President  bycioil medicalof.e National  uthor , 4,1 byy AdclreSS,_ G. IL OWEN, 36-Carr St., Los Angeles, Cal, 15,000 Acres 100,000 Acres `Per 100. $15 00 