AMERICAN SENTINEL. 653 EX-SECRETARY of the Treasury Carlisle, in giving ex-pression to his views on the policy of imperialism, says that the gravest question now before the American peo-ple is the question "whether they shall allow a war pros-ecuted ostensibly for the independence of a foreign peo-ple be made the pretext or occasion for changing the very essence of our national character and for converting their own Government into a great war making, tax-consuming, land-grabbing, and office-distributing ma-chine." AND referring to the fundamental American principle of government by the consent of the governed, set forth in the Declaration of Independence, Mr. Carlisle said fur-ther:Š "So far as the example and influence of our republi-can institutions have educated the minds and encouraged the aspirations of mankind, a repudiation of the United States of the principle that all just governments must be founded upon the consent of the governed would set the world back more than a century, and all the arguments that have been presented, all the battles that have been fought and all the progress that has been made in the long struggle to emancipate the people from the domin-ation of self-constituted and hereditary rulers will be lost by a single false step taken in the delirium of triumph over a prostrate and dying monarchy. Better a thous-and times that monarchial Spain should continue to rule a people against their will than that the United States should usurp her place and hold them in subjection in the name of liberty and humanity." * "EVERY Young Men's Christian Association secretary I have met for eight months," says the Rev. W. F. Crafts, "agrees that more of his active members are Sabbath breaking on pleasant Sabbath afternoons than are at the Men's Meeting. The church and associations will have to unite to save the Sabbath, if only to save them-selves." * But if the Sabbath cannot save itself, what power is there in it to save anything else? and how can those who are not saved themselves save something else that needs saving by taking it along with them? That is the trou-ble with the Sabbath (Sunday) of which Mr. Crafts speaks: a lot of-unsaved people have it in charge and are trying to bolster it up by legislation and other worldly props, when they themselves have no foundation beneath  their own feet. They cannot furnish a foundation for the Sabbath, when they have no foundation for them-selves. As well might two persons in the water who cannot swim, try to save themselves by grappling each other. If the Sunday were divine, it would not need sav-ing. The seventh-day Sabbath is divine, and will prove a sure support to those who lay hold upon it. A SUNDAY-CLOSING ordinance which shuts up all busi-ness places except saloons, drug stores, and confectionery shops on Sundays, is in force at Lewiston, Idaho, ac-cording to the statement of the Lewiston Tribune. Usually the Sunday laws close the saloons, but leave to-bacco shops open, on the ground that the people must be supplied with the necessaries(!) of life. But at this Idaho town it appears that the opening of the saloons is also deemed a necessity. The simple truth is, of course, that the sentiment necessary to enforce the Sunday laws must be largely secured from people who are addicted to tobacco and other forms of selfish indulgence, and who are not willing that the law shall cut these off. The "Lord's day" has to be enforced by the sentiment of peo-ple who do not care how other folks are affected so long as their own indulgences are not curtailed. * THE late Ambassador Hay, who is now Secretary of State, is reported as having expressed a determination to settle .finally the long-pending issue between this country and Turkey, growing out of the claims for dam-ages suffered by Christian missionaries during the Arme-nian troubles. The precedent on this point, recently set up in international usage by Germany, when two German missionaries were murdered by the Chinese, would allow the United States to demand a substantial indemnity and also a slice of Turkish territory, or a coaling station at the very least. But whether Turkey is brought to terms by this Government or not, is a question that will not in the least affect the progress of Christianity; unless, indeed, the effect is to prejudice the Mohammedans more bitterly against it. * THE Spanish nation has undertaken the gigantic task of restoring its annihilated navy. At a public meeting held in Madrid the plan was adopted setting each province and the leading cities and town to the task of providing one or more ships of the first, second, or third class of naval vessels, or some of each. The project provides for the construction or purchase of eighteen first class battleships, twenty-one of the second class, and forty-six of the third class,Šeighty-five in all. If Spain has the energy, patriotism, and perseverance to accomplish all this, she will become a naval power not to be overlooked among the leading military powers of the earth. But the money spent in this way must be 