268 THE A.AZIRICA.N-  SENTINEL. what they would not express, that they mean that the law shall fix the particular day; but they intend that the day shall be Sunday. Therefore this platform de-clares, in fact, for the enactment of a Sunday law. This we know by the docu-ments that are sent out as campaign documents under the platform. R. H. McDonald, who is one of the leading Prohibitionists of California, was a mem-ber of the convention, and is an active worker in the campaign. He sent out circular letters to the newspapers, urging " upon all men of influence and conscience, the necessity of giving their aid in help-ing to remove from our country its terri-ble scourge, the liquor traffic," in which he appeals to the members and friends " of the First Congregational Church, corner Post and Mason Streets, San Fran-cisco," and laments that " our Sunday or Sabbath day is widely desecrated " and " God's holy day desecrated and put to shame." In another document he and Mr. C. C. Clay and Wm. M. Cubery, announce that they have banded themselves " to-gether with others interested, to do all we can for the securing of a Sunday law in this State, or one day in seven as a rest day." It is addressed to the " fellow-citizens and the friends of the Sunday law, or one day in seven as a rest day," and it says to these " respected friends " that they " herewith will find enclosed a num-ber of extracts from opinions of distin-guished individuals on the Sunday law, or one day in seven as a rest day." Now, as it is evident that the Prohibi-tionists of California mean a Sunday law, and that only, why did n't they say so ? Why did they cover up their real mean-ing ? Why is there such a juggling of phrases to hide what they want, rather than a plain statement of it ? We hardly think they will succeed in catching the people of California with such chaff as that. A. T. J. How They Stand. THE meeting of the National Educa-tional Association, convened at St. Paul, Minn., July 8. After the addresses of welcome, a num-ber of responses were made. The follow-ing extracts from the sayings of promi-nent men of the country show the atti-tude they sustain toward the subject of religious liberty. President J. W. Strong, of Carleton College, addressed the assemblage elo-quently on behalf of those institutions of the State which are not under State con-trol, and for the educational interests of Minnesota. He said : " But there are in Minnesota other educational interests not under its direct control. Our private schools and our seminaries of learning are not technical parts of our system, but they play a great and important part in our work of education. These parts are  in nowise antagonistic to each other, but aim at what the State can never give, a moral and religious training and symmetri-cal development, which in ordinary schools is not to be had. . . . We do not ask the State to teach religion, but we hold that for her own sake she must guard well religious liberty." Dr. W. T. Harris, of Washington, D. C., said : " In your proffers of free education, we recognize a devoted interest in the fundamental principles of good govern-ment, and while your schools are conducted on this broad basis of virtue and intelli-gence, let us urge that to enhance their good work there must never be a substi-tution of school work for that of the Church ; nor can it be done with safety. " F. A. LASHIER. Minneapolis, Minn. Church and State. IN these days when religious legislation is being pushed in every quarter, the true relation of Church and State cannot be kept too prominently before the people. We are not surprised that zealous church-members feel pressed in spirit because of the ungodliness that is sapping the life out of churches, and should be anxious to see something done to stay the tide of worldliness; but we would have them re-member that to do a thing which Christ has never authorized, but has forbidden, is as bad as doing nothing. One evil can never be checked by another evil. The following extract from an article in the Presbyterian Quarterly for April, 1890, will help some to a clearer idea of what both the Church and the State may, and may not do :Š " From all that has been found in the word of God it will be seen that, under the New Testament dispensation, Church and State are intended by our Saviour to be absolutely separate and distinct. They are different spheres, touching at no point. They contain, to some extent, the same people, and take cognizance of the same sins and duties, under the same moral law, but deal with the people from a different point of view, with different ends in view. The State seeks temporal ends only, and requires civic duties. The Church seeks moral, eternal salvation. The State uses brute force; the Church, the sword of the Spirit. Incidentally, Church and State render assistance to each other, but they can only do so (lawfully) incidentally. The Church teaches the people morals, and instills submission, while the State affords protection. Ł To summarize: 1. A foundation princi-ple is that the moral law covers all of man's original duties, is personal in its application, but requires him to perform each branch of his duty toward its appro-priate object. Duties are owed to God, other men, self, the Church, the family, the State, society. The individual owes  his duty toward each, and each may hold him bound to perform the part due to it-self ; the Church may hold him responsi-ble for the part owed to her; the State may hold him responsible for the part due to it, etc., but only God can hold man bound for his whole moral duty. 2. The Church is a spiritual body, seek-ing spiritual ends, and using spiritual means to accomplish them. Her allegi-ance is given to Christ, her spiritual Head. She has no lawful connection with any civil government, has no commission to indorse any, nor to support any, nor to destroy any, but is enjoined to teach submission to such as God may set up wherever Christian people live. 3. It is the business of the Church, by her standards and from her pulpits, to seek to declare the whole counsel of God. This will involve the teaching of the moral law in its bearing upon duties owed to God, man, the Church, the State, the family, society, commerce, letters, etc. The Church is to enforce all the moral principles taught in the word of God and all the details therein given. . . . The Church knows no' State, further than to teach the people their duties to-ward any State which God in his provi-dence may set up, and to see that her people lead exemplary lives in whatsoever positions they may occupy. The State knows no Church as such; she only knows individuals who constitute the State, and she requires of them only civic duties. So long as Church and State keep within their legitimate spheres, there can be no conflict between them." . The Civil Sabbath. THE advocates of Sunday legislation are making vigorous efforts to convince the country, that they are working only for a civil rest day in the interests of the labor-ing man, and are disavowing all attempts at religious legislation. Without question-ing their sincerity in making the denial, we will endeavor to show that it is relig-ious legislation, and as dangerous to relig-ious liberty as though it was asked for in the name of religion. First, the Sabbath is the Lord's day, and God has commanded man to keep it holy. The duty to keep a Sabbath is therefore a duty we owe to God. Said Christ, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." For the Government to demand that we render to it the duty which God demands of us, is to require us to render to Caesar that which belongs to God. Second, it is argued that the Sabbath is two-fold, having a religious, and a civil side, the latter being within the jurisdic-tion of the civil Government. Without stopping to discuss the position in itself, we will apply it to the first and second precepts of the decalogue. It will be 