NEW YORK, DECEMBER 22, 1898. VOLUME 13. NUMBER 50. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEPLJ NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.."--Jesus Christ. THE "NATIONAL REFORM" IDEA OF GOVERNMENTŠAN INVERTED PYRAMID. IT is impossible to fully depict by any illustration the absurdity of trying to uphold the law of God, with Christian institutions and precepts, by human enactments, as the National Reform theory of government demands. The divine law is infinitely higher and broader than human law, and the institutions and precepts of Christianity are the work of Him who has declared that His ways and thoughts are as much higher than man's as the heavens are higher than the earth. Isa. 55:8, 9. Of course anything so unstable as this inverted pyramid of government cannot long stand, and is continually calling for props to support it, in the form of new enactments and regulations. As the law of God applies to the secret thoughts of the heart, to enforce the divine by a human law calls logically for the erection of the Inquisition, that the secret thoughts of the heart may be forced from transgressors by torture of the body. This logic was literally carried into effect under former efforts to establish this idea of government, as history abundantly shows. To-day it is thought that what is needed to establish Christianity upon a legal basis in this country is to get God into the Con-stitution; and to this end Congress is annually besieged by church parties and religious organizations. And if these succeed, the end of it all can only be such a wreck of civil government as other nations have exhibited for the warning of mankind, under a similar regime in the past. CIVILIZATION has never proved itself an efficient,  guardian of civil and religious liberty. 4,.  No PERSON N in favor of legislation which restricts his own liberty in religious practices. HUMAN law is powerless to deal with sin, as such. "Fon as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are My ways higher than your ways, and My thoughts than your thoughts."ŠThe Almighty. 