equal and exact Justice to all lSjen, of Whatever State or Persuasion, fleligious or political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 7, 1893. NUMBER 35. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE Christian doctrine of justification is, that it is by faith alone, with the faith itself the gift of God, so that it is wholly of the Lord in a free gift to man. " WHATSOEVER is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14: 23. Conversely, whatsoever is of faith is righteousness. Consequently righteousness is of faith only. And the faith being the gift of God the righteous-ness of faith is inevitably the righteous-ness of God. See Rom. 3: 22; Phil. 3: 9 IT is not by faith and works; it is by faith which works. The faith, being the gift of God, is a divine thing, bearing in it the divine virtue which conveys to every sinner who will receive it, the right-eousness of God for remission of sins that are past; and in it also the divine power to keep the justified one in the way of righteousness. FOR in the gospel of Christ " is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith; as it is written, The just shall live by faith." Rom. 1 : 17. And " in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any-thing, nor uncircumcision, but faith which worketh by love." Gal. 5:6. " Abraham believed God and it [the faith] was counted unto him for righteousness. Now to him that worketh, is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." Rom. 4: 3-5. THE true Protestant doctrine of justifi-cation is just this Christian doctrine of justification, neither more nor less; while the Catholic doctrine of justification is directly the opposite of this.  this respect, at the time of the " so-called " Reformation, the statement is as follows :Š To make up for this rejection [of the Catholic sacraments], and enable each individual to pre-scribe for himself, and procure for himself the par-don of sins, and divine grace, independently of the priests and of the sacraments, they invented an exclusive means, never known in the Church of God, and still rejected by all the Eastern churches and by the Roman Catholics throughout the world, by which the followers of Luther ventured to de-clare that each individual can secure pardon and justification for himself, independently of priests and sacraments. They have framed a new dogma, not to be found in any of the creeds, or in the canons of any gen-eral council; I mean the new dogma of justifica-tion by faith alone, or by faith only. . . . By adding the word alone, Protestants profess to exclude all exterior, ceremonial, pious, or charitable works, works of obedience or of penance, and good moral acts whatever, as means of apprehend-ing justification, or as conditions to obtain it.ŠCatholic Belief, p. 366. He [Luther] invented a thing which he called justifying faith, to be a sufficient substitute for all the above painful religious works; an invention which took off every responsibility from our shoul-ders, and laid all on the shoulders of Jesus Christ.* ŠDoctrinal Catechism, p. 37. To do these acts with a view of being justified, is, they [Protestants] say, like giving a penny to the Queen to obtain from her a royal gift. Come as you are, they add; you cannot be too bad for Jesus. Through faith alone in his promise, they assert, you can and should accept Christ's merits, seize Christ's redemption and his justice [right-eousness]; appropriate Christ to yourself, believe that Jesus it with you, is yours, that he pardons your sinsŠand all this without any preparation and without any doing on your part; in' fact that however deficient you may be in all other dispo-sitions which Catholics require, and however loaded with sins, if you only trust in Jesus that be will forgive your sins and save you, you are by that trust alone forgiven, personally redeemed, justified, and placed in a state of salvation.ŠCath-olic Belief, p. 367. And the Italics are all in the book. Bear in mind that this is the Catholic Church's statement of the Protestant doc-trine of justification. And bear in mind that the Catholic Church thus plainly de-clares that this doctrine was " never known to the Church of God," is " not to be found in any of the creeds, or in the canons of any general council," and that it " is still so regarded by Roman Catholics throughout the world." VERY good. That is correct. No true "The Lord bath laid, upon Him the iniquity of us all." Isa. 53; 6, Protestant could ask for any better state-ment of the case. And this Protestant doctrine of justification, which is here so emphatically repudiated and opposed by CatholicismŠthis doctrine is the Chris-tian doctrine of justification, as every one knows who has ever read the Bible for himself. Consequently no better evidence is needed to show that the Catholic doc-trine of justification is certainly anti-christian. IT is true that that church holds what it calls faith; but instead of its being the gift of God and therefore divine, it is only the invention of men and is there-fore wholly human. And being human it has neither virtue nor power of any kind or degree whatever in it for good. Here is the evidence : After citing some pas sages of scripture which speak of believ-ing in Jesus, it is said :Š These texts, all of which refer to saving faith, prove beyond doubt that not trust in Christ for personal salvation, but the faith of the creed . . . is the faith availing for justification. Thus " the church's " idea of faith is only " the faith of the creed," and man made the creed. Therefore as the " faith " held by the Catholic Church is only "the faith of the creed," and as only man made the creed, it follows conclusively that what she calls faith and holds as faith, is only an invention of men, and is therefore wholly human. And being only human it is utterly impotent to bring to men any shadow of virtue or power for good, and so men are left to supply the lack by penances inflicted in punishments upon themselves, by themselves to save themselves from themselves. The " faith " which the Catholic Church holds, having in it neither virtue nor power, it is im-possible for her to depend upon faith alone for justification. She must depend upon " faith " and something else. And this something else, is works and penances paid in punishments which not only pay for past sins but serve " as a check to prevent us from again falling into sin." This, for those who voluntarily go or are caused to go, in that way of salva-tion. And for the rest she has recourse to the help of the law and State authority to secure conformity to her way and fur-nish the due measure of punishment to THAT it may be seen how certainly this is so, we give here the Catholic statement  of the case, In telling what was done in 