20 THE AMERICAN SENTINE.L. VOL 4, No. 3. ing its observance, and it is with the majority of people the busiest, day in the week. No! it isn't because the good women of the Wom-an's Christian Temperance Union cannot rest to their hearts' content, but because they,have not the power to compel somebody else to rest, that they make this petition. We sub-mit that others are as Well qualified to judge when they need rest, as these people are to judge for them. The second paragraph is worse yet. Note it carefully: " How long shall we remain in bondage to Sunday desecrations, open saloons, and all the orgies consequent upon these wicked practices upon God's holy day ?'' Really these good women are worse off than we supposed. They need a crusade started in their behalf. In bondage to Sunday dese-cration, open saloons, and all the orgies that are consequent thereupon! Something ought to be done to deliver them from this bondage-of corruption. We don't know of anything better than the preaching of the gospel. We don't like the role of the Pharisee, but we cannot refrain in-  this connection from saying how thankful we are that we are not in a like condition. We will tell the truth, even though it savor of boasting. We have lived in California since long before the Sunday law was repealed, and we have never been in bondage to any open saloon, nor to any of the consequent orgies. We have been a free man in this respect. Will our friends excuse our light treatment of this matter ? It is too absurd for serious consideration. Next follows an appeal for the suppression of all secular business, in order "that each may have a day with their families, and wor-ship God in accordance with the dictates of their own consciences." Again we say, too bad! What pitiful straits these people are in, to be sure. Truly they must be in a most galling bondage, when it requires a State law to enable them. to act according to the dic-tates of their own consciences. -We imagine that the trouble is with their own consciences. Is it possible that any thinking man cannot see through this pitiful plea? They talk as though there were a law compelling people to do business on Sunday. One would im-agine that those who would like to keep Sunday are held back by oppressive laws, instead of being left as free as the wind to do as they please. But this is just the trouble. They are not content to be free to do as they please; they want everybody else to be com-pelled to do just as they please. They cannot enjoy liberty unless they can use their liberty to oppress somebody else. And this shows that they know really nothing of what true liberty is. We did think that in the first and second paragraphs they made about as humiliating confessions as could be asked of anybody, but the fifth paragraph reveals a much worse con-dition. They say: "Unless the Sabbath is observed, we.,are on the way to Spanish bull-fights after the Lord's Supper, and the riot and doom of Gomorrah in the end." Who would have imagined such a thing of thoSe eminently pious women ? We certainly never  should, although we have been accused of charging them foolishly. But the " we " must refer to the women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, for it is signed by a rep-resentative of the Union. Whether or not it includes the " Dear Friends " to whom the petition is sent, we cannot say. If it dries, we wish to be counted out, for we are not on the way to a Spanish bull-fight, or any other kind of a fight. And we here state our posi-tive conviction that the man who does not keep Sunday, but who nevertheless minds his own business, is a good deal farther away from Spanish bull-fights and the like, than are the persons who need a State law to make teem keep Sunday " in accordance with the dictates of their own consciences." From the paragraph which says that Sun-day has civilized and ennobled the men of America, and "purified and exalted her women," we have additional evidence that they fear lest they shall speedily be drawn away to barbarous amusements, unless the State shall interpose a Sunday law. They, present themselves before the Legislature in the attitude of supplicants pleading for a law which will preserve them from disgrace. Actually we don't believe that these women fear anything bf the kind, although that is what they say. If they were not so anxious to cover up the real intent of their movement, they might be kept from involving themselves in so many absurdities. Just one more point: It is stated that "the Sabbath was ordained by God at creation expressly to minister to man, this noblest being, and his immortal interests." So it is the " immortal interests " of man that they want to have the State take in hand. Now we submit that if the California Legislature does its duty by the mortal interests of the citizens of California, it will have its hands full for this session, without legislating for the world to come. "The whole boundless universe" isn't theirs yet. But notwithstanding the statement that the Sabbath was ordained by God at creation, they go on in subsequent paragraphs to call for the enforcement of "the American Sab-bath." Was it the American Sabbath that God ordained at creation? Our Bible says that it was " the Sabbath of the- Lord." It is curious how things do get mixed in these petitions, but it is due, no doubt, to the bond-age in which the framers are held. Well, we think that we have dissected this affair sufficiently for this time. Put into plain language, it means just this: "We are deter-mined to have Sunday kept, in form at least, because we want it so; and we cannot rest, in spirit, until everybody else shall be com-pelled to do just as we profess that we ought to do." We do not believe that the Legis-lature will pay attention to any such flimsy, self-contradictory, and manifestly selfish plea as that. E. J. W. Ł 4,- " WHEREVER and whenever religion is blended with government, it must necessarily be -degraded into a mere ecclesiasticism, and so rendered hopelessly incapable of taking one single step in advance of the laws in the enlightenment and regeneration of mankind." Sunday Parades. IN the Washington Sunday Convention Dr. Crafts in speaking against Sunday parades in the army said: " Sunday parades make Sun-day the most laborious of the week." This statement is like a good many others made by that gentleman; it is simply untrue. The writer of this note spent five years in the regular army, and he knows that Sunday with the parade is the least laborious day of the week. Sunday is always the easiest day to . the regular soldier. But what are these Sun-day parades which are such a dreadful perse-cution to the American soldier, and which so outrage his rights of conscience? This: Gen-erally there is an inspection of quarters, sol-diers, arms, and accoutrements at 9 o'clock Sunday forenoon. And at this the troops are generally called into ranks for perhaps a half an hour. With this exception and the ex-clusion of the regular guard, there is literally nothing at all for the soldier to do from sun-rise till sundown on Sunday. He is not called upon to do anything. At sundown there is the regular roll-call, when every soldier must again fall into rank to-  answer to his name. At this time also, especially in large garrisons and garrisons near cities, there is generally a parade. The whole time occupied is not much if any more than half an hour. They have to fall into rank anyhow to answer to their names, and the parade is nothing more than all the companies in a garrison being formed into line. In breaking up to march to their quarters they are generally mftrched past the commanding officer. That is literally all that there is in Sun-day parades in the army. And with it all Sunday is the easiest day in the week for the soldier. On that subject Doctor Crafts does not know what he is talking about. A. T. J. Why the California Sunday Law Was Repealed. THE Oakland Tribune of January 19, in an- nouncing a call for a meeting to be held on Tuesday evening, January 22, in the interest of a State Sunday law, used the following language:Š " Ever since the repeal of the California Sunday law, the Christian people of the State have been dissatisfied. This is the only State in the Union wholly without law in reference to the Christian Sabbath. It is believed that if the voice of the people could, have been taken at the time of the act of the Legislature repealing the law, a very large majority of the best citizens in the State would have opposed the repeal, and they would now favor the en-actment of a similar law. It is known that in the Legislature now in session, a new bill, not unlike the former, will be introduced, and its enactment is not very improbable. If the people could vote, it no doubt would become law. In view of such facts, the call of a pub-lic meeting in our city is timely." From the above, a stranger would get the idea that the repeal of the California Sunday law six years ago was an underhanded pro- ceeding,Šthat it was sprung on the people when they were not thinking, and carried through before they had a chance to protest. 