386 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Now therefore, if ye have done truly and sincerely in that ye have made Abimelech king . . . then rejoice ye in Abimelech, and let him also rejoice in you. But if not, let fire come out from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo ; and let fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour Abimelech." And so it came to pass; for in three years the dis-trust and dissension had so grown between the parties to the transaction respecting the kingship, that open war broke out which ended only with the death of Abim-elech, and, with that, the end of their experiment at set-ting up a kingdom. Now all this was held up before all Israel who should come after, as a solemn warning and a forcible admoni-tion of what would inevitably be the result of any at-tempt at setting up a kingdom. And when, in disregard of all this, and against the Lord's open protest, they did at last again set up a kingdom, this very result, though longer delayed, did inevitably come. Almost all the reign of Saul, their first king, was spent by him in envy and jealousy of David and a steady seek-ing to kill him. The reign of David was marred by his own great sin, which he never could have carried out if he had not been king; and was also disturbed by the treason of his chief counselor, and the insurrection of his son Absalom. The latter half of the reign of Solomon was marked by his great apostasy, and was cursed by the abominable idolatries that came in with his heathen wives, and which in turn brought heavy burdens and op-pression upon the people. At the end of the reign of these three kings, the nation had been brought to a condition in which it was not well that they should continue as one; and they were therefore divided into twoŠthe Ten Tribes forming the kingdom of Israel, and the two forming the kingdom of Judah. And from that day, with the Ten Tribes there was a continuous course of apostasy, of contention, and of reg-icide, till at last from the terrors of anarchy they were compelled to cry out "We have no king." Then the Lord offered himself to them again, saying, "Oh Israel, thou hast fled from me. Thou hast destroyed thyself. Return unto me. I will be your king." But they would not re-turn, and consequently were carried captive to Assyria and were destroyed and lost forever. When this happened to the kingdom of Israel, it could yet be said of Judah, "Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints." But this was for a little while. Judah too went steadily step by step downward in the course of apostasy, until of her too the word had to be given, "Remove the diadem, take off tie crown: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will overturn, overturn, overturn it; and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is, and I will give it him." Thus Judah too was obliged to say, We have no king. And Judah had to go captive to Babylon, with her city  and temple destroyed. and the land left desolate. There--after the Lord was obliged to govern his people by the-heathen powers, until he himself should come. And even when he came, because he would not at once set himself up as a worldly king and sanction their political aspira-tions, they refused to recognize him at all. And when at last, even Pilate appealed to themŠ"Shall I crucify your King"? they still, as in the days of Samuel, insisted on rejecting God, and cried out, "We have no king but Ccesar." And this was but the direct outcome, and the inevita-ble logic, of the step that they took in the days of Samuel. When they rejected God and chose Saul, in that was wrapped up their rejection of God and their choosing of Csar. In rejecting God that they might be like all the nations, they became like all the nations that rejected God. And such was the clear result of the union of Church and State among the people of Israel. And it is all writ-ten, precisely as it was worked out in detail, for the in-struction and warning of all people who should come after; and for the admonition of those upon whom the ends of the world are come. The Failure of "Civic Reform." DR. PARKHURST, the noted apostle of civic reforma-tion, has announced his retirement from active service in that line, on account of failing health. Upon his depart-ure to seek its restoration in a foreign clime, he an-nounced to his congregation that henceforth "my one devotion will be to my pulpit, to the life and work of this church, and to the interests of its families and individual members." In a review of the work accomplished by this promi-nent clergyman as a civic reformer, the Independent (N. Y.) says: "It has been a great thing for the city that our people have been taught that religion has a right to meddle with its politics, to fight with and to master it." A "great thing" it is, undoubtedly, for the chief city of this free commonwealth; but not a good thing. What religion is it that has this "right"? Is it the papal reli-gion, or the Protestant? and if the Protestant, is it the Methodist, the Presbyterian, the Lutheran, Episcopalian, Quaker, or Adventist religion, or some other? When this point comes to be settled, will the controversy which must ensue be another "great thing" for this city? We are afraid it will. But what religion has fought with and mastered the politics of New York City? Not a very goodŁ religion, evidently, if those politics are now obedient to their master. In short, the result of this meddling of religion with city politics, is such as plainly to stamp the project o reform by such means as a total failure. "Tammany,' so far from being eliminated from New York's politics, 