AMERICAN SENTINEL. 361 tle.' " Imagine the incongruity. It is just such ridiculous travesties of sacred truth that are always furnished by a union of religion with the state. ONE can hardly blame Mr. Dooley, a character dis-covered by the Chicago Journal, for being more impressed with the religious aspect of the controversy with Spain than with the material aspect, in view of the tremendous activity of the ecclesiastical powers engaged, and the comparative quiet in the operations of the fleets and armies. * RELATING his impressions of the war recently to an acquaintance, Mr. Dooley is quoted as saying that while the "sthrateejans" in Washington have been holding their discussions "they'se been goin' on the mos' deadly conflict iver heerd tell iv between th' powerful preachin' navies iv th' two counthries." The bishop of Cadiz, he went on, "fired the openin' gun," and "sint .1 storm iv brimstone an' hell into us," and was immediately "an-swered be our whole fleet iv preachers. Thin he was jined be th' bishop iv Barsaloona an' th' bishop iv Mandrid an' th' bishop iv Havana," and "to meet thim we sint th' bishop iv New York, th' bishop iv Philadelphia, th' bishop iv Baltimore, an' th' bishop iv Chicago, accom-panied be a flyin' squadhron iv Methodists," Presbyteri-ans, Baptists, and others. "Th' bishop iv New York" is now "blockadin' th' bishop iv Santiago de Cuba, an' they'se bin an' exchange iv prayers bethween th' bishop iv Baltimore an' th' bishop iv Havana without much damage." His impression was that we were having a shade the best of it so far, but the Spanish bishop, he said, "prays har'rd, an' tis no aisy wurruk to silence him." MR. DOOLEY'S observations would be perfectly in order if we were to take seriously the attitude of the ec-clesiastics belonging to the opposing sides in the war. As it is, they illustrate the absurdity of the idea which both parties are seeking to carry into effect, that God can be made a party to the mixing of Christianity with carnal warfare. ONE of the speakers at a recent mass meeting of citi-zens of Nashville, Tenn. (mentioned in another column), called to consider means for suppressing the Sunday sa-loon, said he thought that saloon men ought to form an alliance to keep the laws, and in case one of their mem-bers should break over, "kick him out" of the organiza-tion. Tins might be good policy for the saloons. But the fact is that the saloon is essentially a law-breaking insti-tution; it is in its very nature an outlaw. Hence it is  not to be expected that the saloons would be able, even were they willing, to form and maintain an effective or-ganization for the promotion of obedience to law. All they ask is to be'let alone; and all their power is natu-rally exercised in the direction of securing conditions in which they will be let alone to the fullest possible extent. * THE saloon is a positive force only in the direction of evil. "Civic Righteousness" in Nashville, Tenn. THE "Ministers' Alliance" of Nashville, Tenn., has in-augurated a campaign for "civic righteousness" in that city. What is meant by "civic righteousness" may be seen from the following resolution, which is one of several passed at a mass meeting called by the Alliance, the even-ing of May 23:-- "Resolved , That it is the sense of the people of Nash-ville that gambling houses and open saloons on Sunday are a serious menace to the peace and good order of the city, and to the manhood of our youth, especially so since Nashville is an educational center and hundreds of young men are residents here during the formative period of their lives." In other resolutions following, the meeting called upon the city authorities to permanently close the gam-bling houses and shut up the saloons on Sunday. Righteousness has nothing in common with the sa-loon any more than it has with gambling or with any vicious indulgence. But "civic righteousness" says that the saloons may remain open and transact their nefari-ous business all days of the week except Sunday. It is evident, therefore, that "civicrighteousness" is not right-eousness at all. It was not the fact that the saloons and gambling houses were open that draw the attention of the Minis_ ters' Alliance; but the fact that they were open on Sun-day. It is needless to say that it is regard for Sunday which prompts people to feel more concerned at evils seen on that day, than at those which show themselves on ordinary days of the week. But regard for Sunday is a religious sentiment purely, and one with which civil gov-ernment has no concern. "Civic righteousness" has its origin in religious sen-timent. It means a form of city, state, and national government which has for its main object the exaltation of Sunday. A MEETING of ministers of Jefferson, Ia., and vicinity, was held in that city recently, to devise a plan of action for opposing Sunday excursions on railways. Four Prot-estant clergymen and the Catholic priest joined in the call for the meeting, and all Catholic priests within a consid-erable distance of Jefferson were invited to participate in the conference. The effort resulted in the production of.  