AMERICAN SENTINEL. 519 So they entered, and from the pulpit there rose up a man who spake many words. And with much elo-quence he exhorted his hearers to rejoice in the great prospects of peace; and that no man should offend against the peace of the nation. "But," said the preacher, "if our enemies smite us, or refuse to give hom-age to great Babylon, we must needs requite them, that our good name be not blasphemed among the nations." Here the angel of peace sighed, and they passed out. Now it happened that on their way westward they came to a place where there was much noise because of the clanging of hammers, and activity of the workmen. "What do they here?" asked the angel, and the man answered, "These are the royal yards from which the ships of our navy may be replenished. Lo, here many thousands of workmen do constantly exercisethemselves in preparing war vessels, and in putting thereon cannon and other weapons of defense." Then the angel lifted up his eyes, and saw a multi-tude of ships upon the sea near by. "Why so many ships, and whence do they sail?" said the angel. The man was glad at the sight and made answer: "These ships, being about fifty million tons burden, go to and fro throughout the whole earth. They engage not in commerce, but carry weapons of defense, and men fully armed, with commission to keep the peace of the seas." From thence they turned, and passing northward, came in front of a great building from which there issued a marvelous stream of ammunition and weapons where-with men destroy their fellows. "What do they here?" inquired the angel. "This," said the man, "is our na-tional armory, and arsenal factory, from which we send forth explosive compounds, and arms to all the earth. And if our enemies should rise in rebellion and gainsay our rights, with these things we visit for their iniquities and so put them at peace again." Here they turned, and passing toward the east through the city, came at last to a place where two roads met. Before them stood an a neient building round which some officers arrayed as soldiers, and with look more stout than their fellows, kept watch. "Let us enter here and see what they do," said the angel. Then they passed to a room where about four and twenty men sat in council. "What find we here?" said the angel, and the man replied, "Behold, this is the peace conference of Babylon, where they discuss the pro posals made by the king of the East." The angel looked upon the men, and lo, they were of regal bearing, and venerable withal, and each of them carried a sword by his side. Then the angel listened to hear the words, but the ambassadors talked long. Yet the multitude of words brought not peace, for when they were about to come to a settlement, one man rose up and said, "My master receiveth not your proposals for disarmament; seemeth it a light thing to you to give up  our arms of defense? Not so! for in these there lies our nation's peace and safety." Then the angel said unto the man, "These are not men of peace; for lo, they draw nigh to battle among themselves. I seek in vain for peace upon the earth, for it is not. All men are selfish, and peace they know not. Babylon prepares for battle, and the day of slaughter is nigh at hand. See that thou perish not in her de-struction!" The angel sighed, for he saw that the heart of the people of Babylon was set on war, though their lips talked of peace. Then he took farewell of the man and so departed. Yet there were some sons of Belial who contemplated stopping his way; but the angel smote them with blindness and so passed out of Babylon.ŠThe Bible Echo, Melbourne, Aus. Correct Prohibition. MR. HOWARD, a leading prohibitionist of Rochester, has the correct idea of prohibition, even if his notions in regard to the sacredness of Sunday and the temporal kingship of Christ are not so good. At the recent Chris-tian Endeavor Convention he said:Š "The only solution of the side door is no front door. "The only solution of the Sunday saloon is no Mon-day saloon. "The only solution of the saloon problem is no saloon. "Anything that stops short of that is treason to the country, treason to humanity, and treason to the cross of Christ." The saloon is bad any day in the week. It is no worse on Sunday than it is on Tuesday or Wednesday, and the sooner all of our temperance workers awake to this fact the better it will be. *- -40- -4 4 English Converts to Rome. AN Englishman, Mr. W. G. Gorman, has made a compilation of "Converts to Rome Since the Tractarian Movement, to May, 1899," a period covering about half a century. His figures show that in this time 446 An-glican clergymen have "gone over" to Rome; of the nobility, 417; army officers, 205; authors, poets, and journalists, 162; legal profession, 129; public officials, 90; medical profession, 60. Of the converts, 158 have become priests, and 290 "secular clergy." Oxford University has furnished 445 converts, while Cambridge University has furnished only about half as many-213. Trinity College, Dublin; London University, Durham University and King's Col-lege, London, have also furnished converts, and a very few have come from four universities in Scotland. 