tf-TE AIVItRICAN SENTIN'Elt, tai ceremonial service to the memory of the dead senator from Virginia, on May 16. It was the first time that the Roman Cath-olic funeral ceremonies were ever wit-nessed in the Senate Chamber. The sight was one to fix itself upon the memory and imagination, gorgeous, stately, impress-ive, suggestive. The Vice-President, the officers of the Senate, and the senators, bound with broad, white, silken sashes, rise at the en-trance of the speaker, and officers, and members of the House, also wearing sashes of white silk ; they arrange them-selves side by side, Speaker of the House with President of the Senate, secretary with secretary, senator with congressman, ,and are seated; again they rise to honor the entrance of the Chief and Associate Justices of the Supreme Court, gowned in their long black monkish robes, who take their seats at the right of the President of the Senate; in a few moments, again, all stand to receive the members of the Cab-inet and the Diplomatic Corps : scarcely are all seated again before the entire assembly, in solemn silence rises to its feet, awaiting the bearers bringing the dead senator, closed in his narrow house, bur-ied under masses of flowers, preceded by acolytes in vestments of purple and white, with uplifted crucifix, lighted tapers, and swinging censers of perfumed burning incense; the dignitaries of the church, bishop, and fathers, and assistant cele-brants in their robes and vestments of purple and black, silver embroidered; at the head of the casket as it is placed upon the catafalque burn the wax tapers in the candelabra about the shining crucifix. After the service of the church, with open-ing invocation in sonorous Latin, and the address of the officiating bishop, a master of polished speech and pulpit oratory, the cortege re-forms and with shimmer of silk and shine of silver, a golden gleam of the crucifix through clouds of sweet incense, the strange and bewildering pageant passes from the Senate Chamber. And this was not a Roman Senator, but a plain and simple Virginian of the nine-teenth century, who had served his coun-try faithfully and without thought of ostentation; but who years ago had said that when he became a church member he would be a Roman Catholic. Rome never ,changes. IT is a striking suggestion of the wide and general attention now given to the Church and State question of the legal observance of Sunday that this subject was in the minds of the two prominent men of the Capital City whose sudden deaths have just occurred almost within twenty-four hours of each other. The Virginia Senator was a member of the Senate District Committee which had under consideration the Sunday ice bill for the District, and was present at the meeting of the Committee in apparent good health, the next morningŠdead. A respected and eloquent minister, presiding elder in his denomination, was advertised to preach on the " Sunday question." Those who gathered to hear him were told, " Our pastor fell suddenly dead this morning." Men die, but the truth and the error that they championed both live after them. w. H. M. LEGAL religion is the mother of illegal and unchristian laws. Illegal law brings anarchy and misrule. Legal religion is the enemy of equity and Christianity. Theory vs. Practice. ONE of the stock arguments used by those who advocate Sunday laws from a so-called " civil " standpoint, is to the effect that large numbers of workingmen are "compelled " to labor on Sunday, to the great detriment of their health, and therefore need a law freeing them from " Sunday slavery," as these religio-politi-cal enthusiasts style it. This is paternalism, pure and simple, and if carried out, would make slaves in-deed of those who are now free. All the compulsion that can possibly be brought into the case as it now stands, can not force a man to labor on Sunday against his own will. It rests entirely with him-self to say whether he will or will not work, either on Sunday or any other day for that matter. But let a law be passed, forbidding labor on Sunday, and what then becomes of his freedom of will ? It has passed out of his keeping entirely, at least so far as Sunday is concerned. Thenceforward he has no choice in the matter whatever, but must rest whether he desires to or not. Between the two evils of compulsory work and compulsory rest, we would personally most certainly choose the former, espe-cially in view of the fact that the " compul-sion ' in regard to work exists only in name, while a law for Sunday rest, once secured, would, according to its advocates themselves, be enforced with all the zeal and tyranny that blinded bigots have used in enforcing similar laws in the past. As far as the question of healthfulness of Sunday work is concerned, it need only be said that it is not within the province of the civil law to decide when any indi-vidual is injuring his health by overwork. Thousands of men all over the land are allowing their business cares to so prey upon their mind that they are growing prematurely old; others are so overtaxing themselves in various ways that they are cutting off years from their lives. And yet the law takes no notice of these cases. Nor should it, even were they to be multi-plied a thousand times over, for the very simple, yet sufficient reason, that civil government is not ordained for the regu-lation of such matters. Whenever any secular government leaves its legitimate work, to tamper with matters of personal liberty (Sunday laws included), it ceases to be pure government and becomes pa-ternal goverment instead. But let us notice a little further, the claim so frequently made that Sunday labor is injurious to health, etc. The writer lives but a short distance from a city in which is located a manufacturing company operating two large blast fur-naces which require the labor of more than a thousand men, and is run day and night the year round. Much of the work is necessarily very heavy, and here, if any-where, a man's health would break down, surely, under the additional burden of Sunday labor. And yet, justice compels the statement that seldom is seen a more robust and hearty assemblage of men than are engaged in work at this place. In conversation with one of them, re-cently, he informed me that he had worked for the company nearly three years, and in that time had not suffered a day's ill-ness. Not only so, but he stated that he had only been absent two days during the entire time. To my inquiry as to whether his was not au exceptional case, he re-plied that it was not, and said that there  were scores of his fellow-workmen whose experience was similar to his own in this respect. Names in this incident might be given if necessary, but this is simply in-troduced to show the difference between the theories advanced by Sunday-law ad-vocates and the actual practice of Sunday work. The claim so often made that Sunday laws are necessary for the preservation of the public health is utterly false and en-tirely without foundation. The whole animus of such laws is clearly religious and nothing else, and is but a covert and poorly concealed attempt to throttle free-dom of thought, and to repeat the baleful mistakes of the past, by an alliance of the civil with the religious power. Let the people beware of the first step ! J. W. SCOLES. Graysville, Tenn. Sunday Closing of the World's Fair Not a Question of Sunday Sacredness. BECAUSE those who are clamoring for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, are actuated by religious zeal in favor of the sacredness of the day, they, judg-ing their opponents from their own point of view, seem to think that all who are opposed to Sunday closing, are enemies of the Sunday institution itself. But this is by no means the case. The question of the sacredness of Sunday does not affect the question in the remotest degree. If the Sunday institution was clothed with all the sacredness that divinity could be-stow, still it would be entirely beyond the legitimate province of the Directorate of the Columbian Exposition, to close by law a single door on the first day of the week, for that reason. The true basis for opposition to Sunday closing is precisely the same as would be taken by Christians generally to compul-sory baptism, under the direction of a law of those in charge of the Fair. "It is none of the Directors' business," would be the very sensible and indignant excla-mation, " whether the people making ex-hibitions at the Fair are baptized or not. They are delegated with power to direct the Fair,Šnot to direct the religion of those who take part in the Fair." If com-pulsory baptism were proposed, the ques-tion to decide would not be whether baptism was or was not a binding ordi-nance, or a spurious institution, or any kindred question. It would simply be, Have the Directors of the Columbian Ex-position been delegated any power by the American people to regulate the religious observances of the World's Fair exhibitors in 1893 ? If they have been clothed with. such power they have the unquestionable right to enforce baptism; but if they have not been delegated such power, then they have no right whatever to interfere with the question of religion "-in any way, shape, or manner," but must leave the question, whether a man will obey God or disobey God, to the Supreme Being to settle, in his own good time and manner, with each individual himself. This is the Christian basis of opposition to closing the World's Fair by any law of the Directorate in charge. I say "closing by law," because I am most decidedly not opposed to closing the World's Fair on Sunday, if such closing be the voluntary acts of the several exhibitors, prompted by 