188 TH1 AMER/CAN SENTINEL. mation. The commission of Christopher' Colum-bus, prior to his sail westward, is from "Ferdinand and Isabella, by the grace of God, king and queen of Castile." etc., and recites that "it is hoped by God's assistance some of the continents and islands in the ocean will be discovered." etc. What' religion did Ferdinand and Isa-bella have in mind when they issued that document ? What religion did they pro-fess ? And what religion did they possess, too ? Does anybody know ?Š(From the audience, " Catholic religion.") Yes, the Catholic religion. And not only that, it was the Catholic religion with the Inqui-sition in full swing. For it was Ferdinand and Isabella who established the Inquisi-tion in Spain under the generalship of Torquemada; and who, because Spain was a "Christian nation," sentenced to confis-cation of all goods and to banishment, every Jew who who would not turn Cath- olic. And by virtue of such religious ac-tivity as this, Ferdinand and Isabella fairly earned as an everlasting reward, and by way of pre-eminence, the title of "THE CATHOLICS." And that is a part of the historical authority by which the Supreme Court of the United States makes American citizens "a religious peo- ple," and by which that court makes this a " Christian Nation "! Now that is quoted to prove that this is " a religious people," and " a Christian Nation;" and it is declared that the lan-guage of Ferdinand and Isabella, and the language of the Constitution of the United States " have one meaning." Then in view of that quotation and this decision, should it be wondered at if the Catholic Church should claim that this is so indeed, and should demand favors from the Government as such ? Everybody knows that the Catholic Church already is not slow to take part in political ques-tions, to interfere with the Government, and to have the Government recognize the Catholic Church and give it money from the public treasury. The people know that this is already the case. And now, when the Catholic Church is vir-tually recognized by official action of the Supreme Court, and when the Supreme Court declares that this is what the Con-stitution means, should it be thought strange if the Catholic religion should claim that this is correct, and act upon it? It is true, the Supreme Court does not stick to this side of the question all the way through, but turns over to the Church of England, and to Puritan Protestantism. But this rather intensifies than modifies the danger, as it opens the way for a strife among these religions, to see which shall be indeed the religion of the Nation. This decision opens the way for that thing to be done. As the intentions of Ferdinand and Isa-bella did not reach the part of the conti-nent now occupied by the Government of the United States, the court now proceeds to introduce documents which give to Protestantism the prior right here, and which do in fact make this the national religion, so I read:Š The first colonial grant, that made to Sir Walter Raleigh in 1584, was from " Elizabeth, by the grace of God; of England, France, and Ireland, queene, Defender of the Faith," etc. ; and the grant au-thorizing him to enact statutes for the government of the proposed colony; Provided, That "they be not against the true Christian faith nowe professed in the Church of England." . . . Language of similar impost may be found in subsequent char-ters, . . . and the same is true of the various charters granted to other colonies. In language more or less emphatic, is the establishment of the Christian Feligion declared to be one of the pur-poses of the grant. Ł This establishes as the religion of this Nation and people the religion " professed in the' Church of England" in Queen Eliz-abeth's time. What religion was this ? The queen's title of " Defender of the Faith" will help us to understand this. That title was obtained in this way : Henry VIII, Elizabeth's father, wrote a book against Martin Luther and the Ref-ormation. He sent a copy of his book to the Pope. In return, the Pope bestowed upon him the title and dignity of " De-fender of the Faith." And this was the Catholic faith. What Attitude Ought the Church to Take toward Politics? [Conclusion of the paper lately read by the Rev. J. H. Benson, before the Methodist ministers' Mon-day meeting, of La Crosse, Wis.] TAKE, for example, the life of Paul; he never declared himself on Roman policies, although there was an outward and or-dinary occasion for it; but it was the measure of great wisdom in him to remain silent as to outward operative forms, and work away on that which he knew would change the whole of them for the better. His appeal was to the divine life in the human heart. Look at the political reforms of Eng-land, which were led on by the elder Pitt, and obstructed by Walpole; they were born and received their momentum in religious revivals of Whitfield and the Wesleys. It is certainly a Ł misfortune that this swift moving age gets impatient of these unseen and slow, yet tireless, forces of man's inward life. I refuse to believe that the great social evils with which we are now struggling, would have been in existence to-day if the Church had been faithful to her bestowed powers and op-portunities. The Church can not espouse any polit-ical method; for the Church of Christ needs equal evangelical influence over men of all political creeds. This it can not have, if even semi-officially, it takes up any partisan measure to carry it to its issue. No doubt it were possible for the religious life of this country to take up a question of political expediency and urge it to a successful issue; but the procedure would be extremely hazardous, because, if successful, there woula be a coming down from the high grounds of revealed truth, and a committal of the Church to the uncertainties of the campaign. It would be a flushing of the energies of the religious life with hopes of a speedy and short way forbidden in the gospels; and when once there is a committal to this sort of work, it' must continue, as there would be no chance of retreat from it; and when defeat comes, as it probably would, as change in the policy and form of law in this country is frequent, there would then be brought against the policy of the Church the repulsive force of an organized majority, against which the Church is not likely to prosper. It is the mission of the Church, by the gospel, to save all classes, in all parties; and if, from its borders should come the advocacy of any partisan measure, those who are not in harmony with that measure would be estranged, and rightly so, for such a measure is not the property of the Church. It is unwise for a church to take any political attitude that would produce among organized classes any ir-ritation against it. There is but one step  from hatred of a church, to hatred of res ligion. The Church can not afford to take any position that will fan the disaffection between the secular and the sacred spirit. The Church as Christ made it is a spiritual body, designed to preserve and nourish its own spirituality and to con-vert unbelievers to the Saviour. Its high province is to hold, and to hold forth, the truth of God in Christ. There is an enormous amount of error afloat on this subject, simply because Christians go to the world to know how they ought to live, when they should go only to God's word; where they will find that the soul's rela-tion to God is the first and the main thing, and that the Church is the spiritual house-hold of faith, the fruits of which faith, in doing good to every one as we have op-portunity, are to be seen in the Christian individual life. These are times of more or less ecclesi-astical tinkering with politics. Many of our people are not drawing the line. The unwritten law of fitness applies with equal force to national party conventions, and church associations. In a national party convention, candidates are nominated and a platform of principles is declared. There is no unfitness in such a proceeding. But, before adjournment, suppose the conven-tion sends out a committee to bring in a report on "Predestination," or the "Mode of Baptism," or "The Admissability of Women to our General Conference." What would be the result ? The Nation would laugh at the blunder, and the blunder would be a defeat. Whenever church associations voice themselves on the political expediencies, they go beyond their bounds, and blunder. All such pro-ceedings go out in the name of the church, and they take their place as part of the problem of the political calculator. All political matters are out of place in a deliberative church assembly. There are churches and preachers, un-consciously it may be, in the double busi-ness of politics and religion. This is the open and century-long policy of Rome, and because of her efforts to perpetuate her power along political lines, she is a menace to the Nation. If a church is committed formally to a partisan issue, rather than to the broad patriotism that knows no party, it is committed to a policy that will work the destruction of liberty as we understand it ; but, first, and most fatally, it works the destruction of vital religion among the people. A church thereby destroys the power by which it wields the supreme truths of religion. The churches of America are now suf-fering from the clash of political antag-onisms within their own ranks, through the haste of those who say that their reli-gious and political convictions are never to be separated, but to be uttered indis-criminately on all occasions. If this sen-timent should prevail, and this state of things become general, the denominational church life of this country would soon sort itself according to political affiliations. If the Christian life fades ; if the Chris-tian forces are so only in name; or if the secular spirit, in the popular mind, comes to be more efficient in the overthrow of social evils than the religious; it will, of course, come to that supremacy in which it will absorb everything. The mingling of the Church and the world is to the sad detriment of the Church and without the slightest good to the world. Instead of leading the soul upward to a holy contemplation of Christ, 