OCTOBER t, lea AmvnitdAN 309 tion and preaching which formed the rou-tine duties of every Saturday, as has been abundantly proved, were oversl,aughed by a request to take up a collection on an-other day of the week In order to appreciate fully the value of this text now under consideration, it is only needful to recall the action of the apostles and holy women on Good Friday before sundown. They bought the spices and ointments after he was taken down from the cross: they suspended all action until the Sabbath "holy to the Lord" had passed, and then took steps on Sunday morning to complete the process of em-balming the sacred body of Jesus. Why may we ask did they not proceed to com-plete the work of embalming on Saturday? Because they knew well that the embalm-ing of the sacred body of their Master would interfere with the strict observance of the Sabbath, the keeping of which was paramount, and until it can be shown that the Sabbath day immediately preceding the Sunday of our text had not been kept (which would be false, inasmuch as every Sabbath had been kept) the request of St. Paul to make the collection on Sunday remains to be classified with the work of the embalming of Christ's body, which could not be effected on the Sabbath, and was consequently deferred to the next convenient day, viz ; Sunday, or the first day of the week. Having disposed of every text to be found in the New Testament referring to the Sabbath (Saturday), and to the first day of the week (Sunday), and having shown conclusively from these texts, that so far not a shadow of pretext can be found in the sacred volume for the biblical substitution of Sunday for Saturday; it only remains for us to investigate the meaning of the expressions " Lord's day " and " day of the Lord " to be found in the New Testament, which we propose to do in our next article and conclude with opposite remarks on the incongruities of a system of religion which we shall have proved to be indefensible, self-contradic-tory and suicidal. Is It An Alliance? UPON the surface, the brotherhood of religions at Chicago presents a. pleasing appearance. It is going down into history as an evidence of wonderful progress in the achievements of Christianity. It is applauded to the skies by the multitude. The ministers, prelates, bishops and arch-bishops in their rich apparel were cheered to the echo as they marched to their hon-orable seats in the august assembly. All this is pleasing to the natural heart. It might be termed sacrilegious by some to question as to whether Christ is in this movement, i. e., in the manner he is supposed to be in it by the multitude. In Matt. 6 :1 we read: " Take heed that ye do not your righteousness [marg.] be-fore men to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward with [marg.] your Father which is in heaven." By this teaching of Jesus it is shown that it is impossible to please the Father by doing anything to appear well before natural man. If the applause of the multitudes (whose minds are still carnal) is obtained, that of itself is proof that the approval of God is not resting upon that thing whatever it may be. " For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world, and the world passeth  away." 1 John 2: 16, 17. Again, " Who-soever will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God." James 4 : 4. Another reason may be given why Christ was not among this assembly to bless. While here he was uncompromisingly set against sin, and he rebuked it wherever it appeared even in his loved disciples. In this Congress of Religions it was agreed that no attack should be made upon each other's creed. How cunning ! No matter what may have been the deeds of any party there represented in the past all mouths must be closed. Sin cannot be rebuked, therefore Christ and his Spirit is shut out. The apostles fearlessly rebuked sin, and because of this were hated of men. " Can two walk together except they be agreed ?" Amos 3: 3. Certainly not. They must agree to walk together or one will get in advance. Can Protestantism and the Papacy walk together ? They can if Christ can walk with Belial. True Protestantism can never be agreed, nor form any alliance with, that wicked power upon which rests still the blood of millions of saints. Protestantism still protests, and now it must not only protest against the Papacy, but fallen Protestantism as well, for they are agreeing to walk to-gether hand in hand. Let us see what this means. Jesus said of the Jewish nation who had the Word of God, that because they knew not the day of their visitation, and went on blindly, while they might nave known what they were doing, imbruing their hands in the blood of the Son of God, that in that act they brought upon themselves all the righteous blood from the days of Abel to their generation. Why ? Because the history of how God looked upon the slaying of innocent persons was all laid out before them in Holy Writ, and they were without excuse. That same principle holds good to-day. The situation is still more fearful now, as torrents of righteous blood have been shed since Christ uttered those awfully solemn words. A dark his-tory has been made, and by whom ? Ah ! by that very same power who by peace is to destroy many in the end. The alliance is being formed, and how sad is the scene of the once noble, God-fearing protesters degenerated into such a low spiritual con-dition as to calmly walk into the subtle snare laid for their feet by this wily power. Where is the record of the papal power repenting in dust and ashes for her wicked crimes when the power of earth was given into her hands by the Lord ? It cannot be produced, therefore all those horrible crimes stand registered against this Church of Rome both on earthly and heavenly records. What are those doing then who unite hands in this enlightened age with this wicked, apostate church, and know not the day of their visitation by the Spirit of the Lord ? The answer comes from the prin-ciple Christ laid down to the Jews. They bring upon themselves the blood of the millions of Christ's saints, the blood of the apostles and prophets since the com-mencement of earth's history, and above and beyond all this the precious blood of the Son himself. What a doom ! " By peace shall he destroy many." Yes, many ! It is not by war, but by subtlety and in-trigue the destruction is accomplished. All this results from not studying God's Book and knowing the voice of his Spirit. By his Spirit he is faithfully warning earth's inhabitants of the soon coming destruction from his presence upon the  man of sin, but only a few will believe the warning. It is solemn to die, but it is still more intensely solemn to live at this period when all the ages are so focused and every pro-bationary moment is freighted with such fearful responsibilities. T. E. BOWEN. The Relation of the State and Church..  THE State and the Church are both es-tablished by divine authority; they are both recognized in the same Bible; they are both designed to promote and conserve the interests of humanity; and they are each to do their work in behalf of the same individual. But none of these con-sideration are such as to render their work interchangeable or mutual. Though they were ordained by the same authority, they were ordained for purposes that are entirely distinct. Though the Bible rec-ognizes them both, it draws an unmistak-able line between them and between their fields of operation. And although they are each designed to work for the good of mankind, the objects at which they are aimed are as far apart as heaven and earth. They do not do the same work for the same individual. The success of each de-pends upon its keeping to its legitimate work, and avoiding any interference with the work of the other. The query of the proverb, "Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned ?" is applicable to the Church that inter meddl es with politics. The hands of the Church are blackened, her gold be-comes dross by such contact. The work of the Church is spiritual: that of the State is carnal. The Church cannot en-gage in such work and retain her purity, and her influence for holiness. She thus forsakes her Lord and Master for the service of Caesar. On the other hand, when the State aspires to act the part of a spiritual guardian for its people, it tran-scends its commission, becomes antichrist, and destroys the very work it essays to do. The State is not an adjunct of the Church; and it can only assist the Church by extending to it the same protection that belongs to other bodies and to all citizens alike, and securing to her the in-herent privilege of prosecuting her work untrammeled by laws or oppression so long as in its work it does not interfere with the rights of others. In maintaining this attitude the State cannot take a parti-san position, it cannot use its power in favor of, nor adversely to, the cause of religion. The State cannot be just and impartial while it occupies any other than a neutral position upon matters of a reli-gious nature. And to maintain impartial-ity toward all its subjects in the dispensa-tion or its benefits' and the administration of its power, is among the chiefest consid-erations of good government. The State should pave the way for the Church in the same manner and to the same extent that it does for any other salutary enterprise, by restraining vio-lence and promoting civility among its. people; by encouraging enlightenment and progress ; by guaranteeing and secur-ing freedom and equality in matters of conscience. But not one of these benefits comes to the Church by the State acting in collusion with the Church, or extending to her any special favor. Such favors are fatal to true spirituality, because pure and undefiled religion is a plant of heavenly 