384 AmtioniCA.N VOL. 9, No. 48. NEW YoRK, DECEMBER 6, 1894. Or" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that It is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the article on the first page of this paper, entitled, " Did the Roman Catholic Church Ever Persecute ?" It contains information that everybody ought to have. EMBOLDENED by the indifference of the people, the priests of Rome are to-day denying that "the church" ever perse-cuted. The Inquisition, it is asserted, was a, civil or political tribunal rather than an ecclesiastical court, and that " religion had nothing to do with the massacre " of St. Bartholomew's day in France, but that " Coligny and his fellow Huguenots were slain not on account of their creed, but exclusively on account of their alleged treasonable designs."ŠFaith of Our Fa-thers, page 298. BUT be it understood that where Rome rules, "heresy" is treason. Rome's de-nials and apologies are alike disingenuous. She charges treason and means by it dis-sent from the dogmas of popery. She talks patronizingly of religious liberty when she means only freedom to believe and practice as " the church" teaches. Chrdinal Gibbons says : " A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right conscience, and of prac-ticing a form of religion most in accord-ance with his duties to God." " This religious liberty," the cardinal says, " is the true right of every man." This sounds well; but Rome claims for herself a divine commission to say what is a "right con-science," and consequently, authority to determine when any man is entitled to freedom of faith and practice. Rome is, and always has been, the foe of genuine liberty, both civil and religious; for " Rome never changes." The Roman Catholic Church of Dominic and Innocent III. is the Roman Catholic Church of the silver-tongued Gibbons and of the crafty Leo XIII. W. T. GIBSON, a Seventh-day Advent-ist, of Everett, Mass., was recently ar-rested at the instigation of the mayor, for selling merchandise in his store on Sun-day. He appeared in his own defense and pleaded not guilty to the charge of vio-lating the Lord's day. We will favor our readers next week with his plea which is good, because the Lord, according to his promise, spoke through him words which his ad%ersaries could neither gainsay nor  resist. He was, however, convicted and sentenced to pay fine and costs or go to  jail. He appealed his case, and we hope to give our readers the' results of the appeal in our next issue. IN our last issue we stated that the Pennsylvania Grit, published at Wil-liamsport, Pa., which so courageously and effectively gave battle to the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, at its recent invasion of its beautiful city, was under " liberal Roman Catholic management." This is a mistake. The Pennsylvania Grit is a strictly non-sectarian, non-partisan paper. A NUMBER of American papers have commented upon the imprisonment of Elder H. P. Holser, in Basel, Switzerland, for refusing to close on Sunday the pub-lishing house, of which he is manage' . The gist of a few of these comments we give. The Standard, Toronto, S. D., says in its issue of Nov. 22:Š Then, by police force was he, a Christian minister of the gospel, taken from his work and confined be-hind prison bars in a room 12x13, for no other reason than because he claimed the right and did worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. The Free Press, Mount Pleasant, Iowa, Nov. 15, gives the main facts and says :Š Even in the pure mountain air of Switzerland there seems to be a spirit dominant that would make a resi-dence almost intolerable. The Sharon (Pa.) Telegraph, of Nov. 14, says of Mr. Holser's case :Š There are very peculiar things that transpire in the older countries as well as here in this, and this is one of them. The Star, South Bethlehem, Pa., thinks the imprisonment of Elder Holser " an exhibition of intolerance which would seem to be out of place in this age, and particularly in liberty-loving Switzer-land," and says :Š It is a poor illustration of freedom when a man is at liberty to do as his conscience dictates only when it leads him to do as others think he ought to do. . We hope Pastor Holser may be released and indemnified, in deference to the spirit of religious lib-erty. The opinions thus far quoted are all from secular papers, and we are sorry to say that in such matters the secular press puts to shame the religious press. The Christian Observer, a Presbyterian paper, published in Louisville, Ky., has the fol-lowing in reference to this case, and its sentiments are quite worthy of the Dark Ages :Š A society calling itself the International Religious Liberty Association sends us the following item of news, with a request that we comment upon it:Š " Word comes to this country from Switzerland, that Pastor H. P. Holser, the American representative of the Seventh-day Adventists in Central Europe, and the director of their publishing house in Basel, is now undergoing a term of sixty-one days' imprisonment in that city for allowing work to be done in the office on.  Sunday. This seems all the more strange, because the `Continental Sunday' is observed in Basel, as else-where in Europe, with noisy revelry. Across the street from the Adventist printing office is the Schutzenplatz, where soldiers parade, and practice target shooting on Sunday. But they have a law, ostensibly and design-edly favoring workingmen, which forbids ordinary labor on Sunday. Religious bigotry is able to use this to prevent the free exercise of the conscience.' If it be a fact, as is stated in the paragraph, that very little respect is paid to the Sabbath in Switzer-land, and the day is given up in large measure to revelry and amusement, this is no justification for men  who profess to be religious to send their agents there to undermine and destroy the remnant of respect which is still paid to the Lord's day by a deliberate violation of those laws of the State which forbid all labor on That day. The anarchists who come from Europe to this country, and who claim that their consciences teach them that it is right to defy the laws of this country which protect property and life, are justly punished for breaking the laws. These religious an-archists who send their agents to foreign countries to inaugurate the practice of laboring on Sunday, in defi-ance of the Sunday laws which are intended to pro-tect the working men, should be just as severely dealt with. All honor to the authorities and the courts of Basel who have the courage, so strangely lacking in some of our American citizens, to enforce the laws for the protection of the Sabbath and to imprison those who deliberately violate them. No comment can add to the bitter words of the Christian Observer. The same paper has a note relative to the recent massacre of Armenians by Turks, with the remark that " it is the spirit of Mo-hammedanism." But how much better is the spirit manifested by this so-called Christian paper ? Is its spirit that of Christianity ?ŠNay, verily; it is the spirit of the papacy, the spirit of antichrist, the spirit that has in all ages persecuted men for conscience' sake; that in the Middle Ages slaughtered men and women by the tens of thousands for their faith; which in the early days of our own country hanged Quakers, whipped Baptists, and banished Roger Williams. And it is this same spirit that will yet decree that as many as will not worship the image of the papacy shall be killed. See Rev. 13. " Now in Jail for Conscience' Sake" is the title of the November number of the Religious Liberty Library. It is an 8-page tract giving an account of the trial and imprisonment of Robert R. Whaley and W. G. Curlett, Seventh-day Advent-ists, of Queen Anne's Co., Md., for doing "bodily labor on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday." This tract ought to have a wide circulation, not only in Maryland, but in every State in the Union. One State tract -society has al-ready ordered twenty-five thousand, and another 10,000 copies. Let the good work go on. Single copy, one cent; usual dis-count in quantities. Order of this office. Sabbath-School Lesson Pamphlets. THE Sabbath-school lesson pamphlet for the first quarter of 1895 is now ready for distribution and orders should be sent in early so that there shall be no delay in supplying the pupils the last Sabbath in the present quarter. The subject of the lessons is "The Sanctuary of the Bible," a most important and timely topic. The pamphlet contains 40 pages and will be supplied at the usual price by the publishers. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; or Oakland, Cal. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, a Bond Street, New York City, 