AMERICAN SENTINEL. 55 Where They Would :Lead Us. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE fear of the founders of this government, if they followed the example of other nations in uniting church and state, was that in doing so it would be recognized that magistrates could adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith. They saw that this could not be done without laying claim to infallibility which would inevitably "lead us back 'to the Church of Rome." Consequently, the law-making powerŠCongress7was and still is enjoined by the Constitution from legislating in behalf of any religion. This was not because they were opposed to the Chris-tian religion, or any other religion for that matter, but because they knew that religion was really an affair of the heart, a matter of faith. It was really because they respected Christianity, and because it was a Christian principle, that Congress was interdicted from meddling with religion. If the principle wasChristian then, it is Christian now. Therefore any attempt to reverse this order of things must be unchristian. Notwithkanding this we are confronted with the spectacle of people of various denominations and reli-gious societies working with all their might to have the Constitution changed. At the same time they, from time to time, inundate Congress with petitions begging it to enact laws that are purely religious in character. And this they are doing professedly in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Do these good people see to the end of that which they would abolish? If not, would they not do well to pause and investigate? They would not be lacking for good teachersŠthe Bible and historyŠthan which there -can be none better. Christ is our example, and to follow him is Chris-tianity. In studying the life of Christ we shall search in vain for a single instance where he in any way sought to coerce the conscience and will of man. On the contrary we can find where he positively refused to do this. At one time he said: "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. Not only did he say this, but he carried it out in his life. This will be seen in the case of the woman charged with the sin of adultery. The woman's accusers fondly hoped he would pass judgment upon her. Instead of this he silenced them, and they went off one by one, leaving the woman alone in the presence of Christ. "When Jesus had lifted up himself and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee? She said, No man, Lord. And -Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee; go and 'sin no more." John 8:10, 11. Christ came to save the world, and not to judge it. Could he have done both at one and the same time? The answer must be, No. For as soon as judgment is passed, probation is closed. There could then be no possibility of any upon whom judgment is passed being saved; hence it is that the Bible always locates the time of the judg-ment to be at the end of the world. So the Saviour Says, "He that rejecteth me and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him; the word that I have spoken the same shall judge him in the last day." John 12:48. Not until that time is reached does probation close, except of course for those who have previously died. Up to that time Christ's work is to save mankind, and so of his ambassadors. As therefore it was impossible for Christ to save and judge at the same time, so is it impossible for his professed followers to do this. When therefore the Christian Endeavor Society, and all others with whom they are cooperating, shall succeed in their self-imposed task of getting the Constitution changed, and the Christian religion be made a part of the fundamental law of the land; or when they shall suc-ceed in getting Congress to legislate in behalf of religion, they will have gained the power, not only of judging their fellow men, but of punishing them for their sins(?). Doubtless the punishments at first would be slight, but it is certain they would become more and more severe. For, as Gibbon (in his "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire") truly says: "It is incumbent on the authors of persecution previously to reflect whether they are deter-mined to support it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to extinguish, and it soon be-comes necessary to chastise the contumacy, as well as the crime, of the offender. The fine which he is unable or unwilling to discharge, exposes his person to the severi-ties of the law; and his contempt of lighter penalties sug-gests the use and propriety of capital punishment." As certainly therefore as it is impossible for the servants of Christ to be engaged in the work of judging and saving souls at the same time, so certain will it be that when the Christian Endeavorers and others attain their object they will cease to be the saviours of men. They will have broken down the constitutional barriers, and in spite of themselves, will have led this nation back to Rome. 4-Ł44  IT is announced that, beginning with 1899, the Chris-tian Endeavor Society, the Epworth League, and the Baptist Young People's Union are to have uniform themes for their devotional meetings. The topics have been selected. O NEARLY all the baseball clubs of the National League have announced an intention of playing on Sunday during the coming season. This alone will do much to stir the promoters of Sunday legislation everywhere into greater activity. 