THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. 347 have followed the example of the national Constitution. Now, in view of history and these facts, please read the following extract from Judge Hammond's dictum on the question of religious freedom :Š This very principle of religious freedom is the product of our religion, as all of our good customs are ; and if it be desirable to extend that principle to the ultimate condition that no man shall be in the least restrained, by law or public opinion, in hostility to religion itself, or in the exhibition of individual eccentricities or practices of sectarian peculiarities or religious observances of any kind, or be fretted by laws colored by any religion that is distasteful to anybody, those who desire that con-dition must necessarily await its growth into that enlarged application. But the courts cannot, in cases like this, ignore the existing customs and laws of the masses, nor their prejudices and pas-sions even, to lift the individual out of the restraints surrounding him, because of those customs and laws, before the time has come when public opinion shall free all men in the manner desired. Therefore it is that the petitioner cannot shelter himself just yet behind the doctrine of religious freedom in de-fying the existence of a law and its application to him, which is distasteful to his own religious feel-ings or fanaticism, etc. Is it possible that the history of eighteen centuries has taught no lesson that can be learned by a court of the United States ? Can it be possible that the streams of blood that have been shed, and the fearful suffer-ings that have been endured, in behalf of the rights of conscience and the free exer-cise of religion, have been in vain ? Do we indeed stand in the first century instead of the nineteenth? And from there are we to "await the growth " of the principle of religious freedom into such an enlarged application that religion and the State shall be separate; and that every man may enjoy the free exercise of religion, according to the individual conscience? Is it true that the time has not yet come when men can be counted free from re-ligious oppression ? Š from religious ob-servances enforced by law, "in spite of religious freedom and in spite of the prog-ress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State"? Is it true that from such oppression men can-not shelter themselves yet behind the doc-trine of religious freedom ? Again, we can only inquire, and in as-tonishment, too, Has the history of the past eighteen centuries no lesson upon this subject that can be learned by a court of the United States ? Have the sufferings through these centuries for this principle all been endured in vain ? Has the work of our governmental fathers been utterly in vain ? Do we truly live in the nine-teenth century and in the United States, or do we live in the first century and in Rome ? A. T. J. OUGHT not the Church to be ashamed to ask the aid of civil laws for its success ? Has it come to this, that the eternal God needs the aid of the civil laws of weak, sinful man to maintain his Church'?--Colorado Graphic. Consecrated Common Sense. THE Rev. Josiah Strong lately delivered an address at the dedication of Christ's Mission at 142 West 21st Street, this city, where Rev. James A. O'Connor has insti-tuted an organized work for the evangeliz-ation of Roman Catholics, and in the course of his remarks expressed himself in these definite terms of unmistakable truth :Š I want to talk on the subject of our personal re-sponsibility to God, which Daniel Webster once called the most solemn thought that ever came to him, and in this connection I will read from the first Book of Kings, chapter xiii. . . . I sup-pose that account has troubled all of us more or less; judged by human standards that would seem to have been a very severe punishment for a very slight error of sin. . . . When the king wanted to reward him, and said, "Come back and eat with me," and invited him to dine at the royal palace, the prophet said, " No, I will not go back for half of your house, because I was commanded not to eat bread or drink water with you." And yet when the false prophet beguiled him and said, " I, too, am a prophet, and I have a message from God which says ' Bring him back and eat with him,' " he returned and ate with the false prophet, and in doing so doubtless thought he was obeying God. He at first refused to accept that invitation on the same ground that he refused the king, and only when the prophet said, " I have the word of the Lord for it," he turned back, and for that he was slain--a conscientious, courageous man, a prophet of God. I think we get a little light on that penalty if we bear in mind what truth God evidently intended to emphasize by the magnitude of the punishment. I think God meant to teach, and teach in such a way that all ages should remember it, the absolute sacredness of the relations of the individual soul to God ; that no one is to come between the soul and God himself. That was the lesson. God himself had said to the prophet, " Do not eat or drink in Bethel." He himself had given the directions. Now if God had wished to countermand that com-mand the prophet should have waited until God himself had spoken. It was not enough that some-body else should come and say, " I, too, am a prophet of the Lord," and give him another com-mand. If a soldier had been summoned by his commanding general and received specific instruc-tions to discharge certain duties, which he pro-ceeded to do, and another soldier said, " I bring a message from the commanding general counter-manding that order," that first soldier ought to say, " I received my orders distinctly from head-quarters; if the general wishes to countermand that order I must have the countermand from his lips or in writing over his name." Now, my friends, God gives his commandments directly to us. Did you ever think of the form of the ten commandments in the twentieth chapter of Exodus ? They are not plural in form and not in the third person. It is the second person sin-gular every time, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me." " Thou shalt not make unto thee any -graven image." "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain." It is " thou," " thou," " thou." God's com-mands are sent direct to the conscience of every one of the human race. He is talking to you per-sonally, alone, as if there were no other human being in all the world. God did not give one con-science to a community to dictate to each individual of that community. He-did not give one conscience to the Church. He gave as many consciences as he gave souls. Every moral creature in the universe has a conscience, and hence God lays his com-mand personally upon every individual soul. Sin is a personal matterŠwholly so. Whenever I com-mit sin it is against God, something between him  and me. . . . God not only has made us indi-vidually, giving every one a, conscience, and ad-dressing his commands to us separately and per-sonally; but because we are personally sinners he has loved us personally, and Christ has died for us personally. Christ did not die for the Anglo-Saxons as a nation, nor for the Irish as a nation. Christ died for every man. . . . As Paul said, "He loved me, and gave himself for me," some-thing personal, nothing between him and God, close personal relations. And then we are told, " Every soul shall give account of himself to God." God did not give my neighbor a conscience for me and make him accountable for me. God did not give me a conscience for my neighbor and make me responsible for him to give account of his sins. Every soul shall give account for itself to God. There is the great mistake of that prophet. God had come to him personally, and he allows another soul to come between God and him, to turn him aside from duty. God comes directly to every soul. He comes to your conscience and lays upon that a duty. You have no right to allow a minis-ter, you have no right to allow a priest, you have no right to allow a church, you have no right to allow a human being or institution to come be-tween your soul and God. . . . It is because God is infinite that he can descend to every human being. Now, we lump mankind ; we lump the nationsŠthe Germans, the Irish and the English; we know very few individuals. . . . We gen-eralize because we are ignorant; but infinite knowledge does not lump mankind, and does not classify. God knows every individual spirit, and every individual sparrow, and not one of them falls to the ground without his knowledge. God knows every individual human being and every heart among us. Just because God is infinite he knows us every one and he is concerned with all that concerns us. . . . Let us remember that every human being is sacred before God; let us remember that every single soul is precious enough for Christ to die for that soul, and for God to de-sire it to come to him personally, without suffering anything to come between him and that soul. Why, that is the great object of our discipline in this life, to bring us into close personal relations with God. That is what God is striving for year after year, week after week, by his teaching and discipline to bring us into close personal relations with him. Are we going to suffer an institution, a human agency to come between him and us and tell us our duty ? That is not God's teaching. This is consecrated common sense. In what intense contrast is its clear state-ment of scriptural truth with the theory that " the State is a moral person, a moral agent, a being with true moral character and accountability," and endowed with " responsibility immediately to God him-self." Dr. Strong's words are in absolute an-tagonism to the paternal, papal, doctrines of the National Reform Association. W. H. M. A CORRESPONDENT of the Duluth Tribune remarks that "it is passing strange that ministers, who rest the entire week from manual labor, should be the first to dis-cover that the toiling masses need rest. I should think the worn out laborer would be first to discover that. But this is not the case ; for not a single labor organiza-tion has a lecturer in the field pleading for a Sunday-rest law. It looks a little suspicious to see religious men pleading for a civil law to protect a religious insti-tution." 