11  LARGE ..,..:. Nearly 4,000 pages. Over 300 VOLUMES. Colored Maps, Charts and Diagrams. Every Volume Mechanically Perfect. The Only Encyclopedia Strictly "Up to Date." SIZE OF VOLUME : 2 ins. Thick. 8 ins. Wide. 11 rz ins. Long. 1,7:TONE DOLLAR wpioLL It will secure for you immediate deliveryf o_ a complele set of eight superb4hese(hbeaerslyt  4,000 pages, magnificently illustrated) of the latest, most practical and, in every  gerieral reference library in the English languageŠthe STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA You have a whole year to pay the balance in monthly amounts, so small you will not feel the outlay. A COMPLETE LIBRARY For daily, use in your home or office. THE STANDARD AMERICAN is prepared by JOHN CLARK RIDPATH, I.L.D. author of " Ridpath's Histories," etc., assisted by a large corps of editors and over too emi-nent scholars and specialists. A SUPERB REFERENCE WORK treating over 6o,00o topics (to,000 more than any other encyclopedia), covering the entire field of human knowledge, thought and endeavor. FRESH FROM THE PRESS The NEW STANDARD AMERICAN NM. CYCLOPEDIA is brought down to the present time, and contains hundreds of articles on subjects not treated in any other reference work. Another important feature in which it stands absolutely alone is its very full Appendixes, which embrace over too sub-divisions, including a Biographical Dictionary, a Dictionary of Technical Terms, a Gazetteer of the United States, Statistics of Presidential Elections', State and Territorial Elections, R Ł ous Summaries, Statistics of the Population of the World, and a Veritable Mine of Other Information on thous-ands of subjects of universal interest and importance, written in such simple language that even a child can readily understand. THREE GREAT AUTHORITIES SAY: " There is no work in the world that can compare with It." ŠNett, ork Herald. "It stands ready to answer any question."ŠBishop Joan H. VINCENT, D.D., L.L.D. "The Standard American Encyclopedia is especiallyndted to private families. Its tables, maps of countries and cities, Summaries of Useful Knowledge, etc., make it a most able book of reference. I cordially commend it to the public." ŠEDWARD BROOKS, Superintendent of Schools, Philadelphia. Just to Introduce the work one year. Fora Limited Time OnlyŠ ONE DOLLAR secures IMMEDIATE POSSESSION of the entire set of 8 volumes. Balance payable $1.50 monthly ter You thus at once secure this splendid set of books for continued use and enjoyment. It is the One Great, Practical Reference Library for the Professional and Business Man, the Teacher, the Student, the Fanner, Artisan, and Mechanic. With over 3,5oo engravings, of superb quality and wonderful variety, including MAGNIFICENTLY numerous engraved portraits of distinguished Poets, Authors, Physicians, Cheinists, ILLUSTRATED Philosophers, and Scientists, and with over Soo new maps and charts from tie VERY THROUGHOUT LATEST EXPLORATIONS and SURVEYS, delineating Continents, Empires, Coun- tries, States, Cities, Towns, Citadels, Solar, Lunar, and Planetary Systems, and every portion of the known world, and forming a Complete and Indexed Atlas of the globe. THe STANDARD AMERICAN is the best illustrated and the best mapped Encyclopedia in the English Language. OUR GREAT INTRODUCTORY OFFER To secure widespread and favorable publicity for THE NEW STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA. we have  decided to place a few introductory sets in each community throughout the country for comparison with all other reference works as to _plan, scope, lateness of treatment and general practical and educational value. We feel that every set will create a demand for others. While the distribution-win be general in extent, it will last for a limited time only, after u inch our regular subscription sale will begin, at prices ranging from $48 to $72 a set, according, to style of binning. Now, however, to quickly and thoroughly introduce the work, as above stated, we make the price merely nominal (about the cost of paper and printing), the distribution being LIMITED TO A VERY FEW WINKSta reserv-ing the privilege of withdrawing the offer at any time when we consider a sufficient number of these introductory sets, at the special price, have been distributed. SEND $1.00 to THE ENCYLOPEDIA PUBLISHING CO., 556 Fifth Avenue, New Y6rk City, and a full set of eight volumes of THS NEW STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA, in cloth binding will OUR GREAT be forwarded to you The balance is payable at the rate of $x.so monthly for one year, or about 5 cents& day. If you prefer the half-Morocco binding, the monthly payment will be $2.0o, and for full sheep, ils.so per month for one year. We recommend the hall-Morocco style, which is particularly elegant and SPECIAL OFFER. serviceable, and will last a lifetime. If not entirely satisfactory any set may be returned within ten days and money will be promptly refunded. ()wing to the nominal priceat which these introd sets are supplied, transportation charges must be paid by the purchaser ; but our entire confidence that the volumes will be gladly and cheerfully paid for is shown by sending a $4.8.00 set of books on an advance payment of only $.0o. We also feel that you willtber-eughly appreciate this great work and speak favorably of it to others. Each set weighs boxed nearly so pounds, and will be shipped by freight unless otherwise ordered. We refer you to thevpublishers of this paper. Please mention it when writing. ° Send two-cent stamp for postage on twenty-two page illustrated pamphlet with sample pages, colored map, andporbwits of famous inventors. Address Ł The Encyclopedia Publishing Co., 156 LEJINEIN. 