06 il-tILCAN gRINFIfirNIMc,. VoL. 10, No. iq. NEW YORK, MARCH 21, 1895. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the appeal of the persecuted Seventh-day Adventists of London, addressed to the people of EnglandŠpage 90. WE give elsewhere in this paper under the head of " More Religious Persecution in Ten-nessee," some account of the closing of the Graysville Academy through the enforcement of the Tennessee Sunday law. We hope that no reader of the SENTINEL will omit this article, .for the facts given are intensely in-teresting, and everybody ought to be familiar with them. Especial attention is called to the judgment in the cases as rendered by the Court. THE work done by the Adventists at Grays-vile was not of a noisy or offensive character, nor was it done in a manner that ought to have been offensive to anybody. Seventh-day Adventists are quiet, peaceable people, and are willing to go more than half way for the sake of peace; but they are not willing to surrender their consciences to anybody, hence the persecution which they are called upon to suffer. FOR the Adventists to obey the Sunday law of Tennessee which demands that they shall keep Sunday, would be to render homage to an institution which is opposed to the Sabbath of the Lord. The law of God requires the keep-ing holy the seventh day. Not only does it forbid work upon the seventh day, but it clearly establishes a distinction between that day and all other days of the week; and this distinction all must respect who would obey the divine law. To keep two days would, to the Adventist, be the same as for the loyal sol-dier to pay equal respect to the flag of his country and to the banner of a rebel prince in rebellion against his sovereign. The Sab-bath is set forth in the Scriptures as a sign that God is the Creator of the heavens and the earth, and that he is the sanctifier of his people. The Sunday is set forth by the pa-pacy as theŁ badge or sign of its authority or power to change the law of God, and to com-mand men under sin. To understandingly pay equal respect to these rival institutions is to prove disloyal to the God of heaven, and to put to an open shame Him who declared him-self Lord of the Sabbath day. Seventh-day Adventists can go to prison, but they cannot deny their faith and their God. THE names of the convicted Seventh-day Adventists now in jail at Dayton, Tenn., are: Eld. G. W. Colcord, Prof. I. C. Colcord, M. C. Sturdevant, William Burchard, Henry Burchard, Dwight Plumb, W. J. Kerr and E. S, Abbott, William Wolf was also con- victed, but the costs were paid by his father who is not an Adventist, and he was conse-quently released. CARDINAL GIBBONS' official organ, the Catholic Mirror, published in its issues of September 2nd, 9th, 16th and 23rd, 1893, editorials showing that there is no Bible au-thority for the Sunday Sabbath; that this institution rests wholly upon the authority of the traditions of the Catholic Church, and therefore the claims of Protestants " to any part therein" was declared " groundless, self-contradictory, and suicidal." Seventh-day Adventists have always taught that the Sunday Sabbath institution is a papal institution and the mark 'of the papal apos-tasy, and that this attempted change of the Sabbath is predicted in the Scriptures. Hence, when these articles appeared, Seventh-day Adventists published them with appro-priate comments as a confession from papists themselves to the charges of the inspired prophets, and circulated more than half a million copies. They were also published in pamphlet form by the Catholic Mirror, and run through five editions. Although the articles close with a defiant challenge to Sunday-keeping Protestants to reply, no society or denomination has at-tempted an official reply. However, what purports to be a reply has been issued by the " Advent Christian Publication Society," a First-day Adventist organization. It is writ-ten by a Protestant Episcopal minister. Why he did not get his own people to publish his reply, and why the Sunday-keeping Advent-ists did not get one of their own members to write this document, is not stated in the pamphlet. However, we publish in this issue a reply to the so-called reply. It is written by one who has been suspended from the min-istry by the First-day Adventist Church, for his belief in the divine obligation to keep holy the " Sabbath day according to the command-ment." It will pay you to read it. PENNSYLVANIA is now the Sunday-law-convention storm center of the country. These conventions are manipulated by 'the Christian Statesman. In its issue of March 9, it publishes a set of resolutions passed at one of these conventions held at Altoona, Pa. One purpose of the conventions is to intimi-date the Pennsylvania legislature into granting the Statesman's demand for an increase of the fine for violating the Sunday-Sabbath from four dollars to twenty-five dollars. The fol-lowing is a part of the resolution demanding this increase:Š That we appiove the plan adopted by the Williams-port convention of petitioning the State legislature to raise the fine for violating the Sabbath law from four dollars to twenty-five dollars; and while we are op-posed to rigid enforcement of this law against those who conscientiously keep Saturday as the Sabbath, so long as they do not infringe on the rights of other citizens and Qf, the State itself, we regard their posi-tion and methods as allying them with infidels and other opponents of the Sabbath, as hostile to the gov- ernment of the State and to the government of the Lord Jesus Christ. Ł This resolution is a most intolerant pre- tense to toleration, and was forced from the convention by charges that the Sunday-law movement would result in the persecution of Seventh-day observers. Passing by the charge that keeping and advocating the keeping of the same Sabbath which Jesus and his disci-ples kept, is " allying them [Seventh-day keepers] with infidels " and making them " hostile" " to the government of the Lord Jesus Christ,"Špassing this self-contradictory charge, we come to the expressions " rights." " of the State itself " and " hostile to the gov-ernment of the State." What do these expressions mean '? They are explained by an editorial answer in the same issue, to a question regarding the burn-ing of Servetus by John Calvin. The editor defends that fiendish transaction by saying that the book regarding the Trinity written by Servetus, was "an injury to the State as well as the Church," and that " the sentence was pronounced and executed upon Servetus as an enemy to the stability, peace and wel-fare of the country." Let all seventh-day observers understand that their faithfulness in observing the " Sab-bath day according to the commandment," and their refusal to observe Sunday according to the commandment of the " man of sin," the " mystery of iniquity," the papacy, places them, in the minds of the Sunday-law cru-saders of Pennsylvania, along with Michael Servetus, who was, in the minds of the priests of the established church of Pennsylvania, very properly burned over a slow fire, be-cause he was " hostile to the government of the State." " SABBATH School Lessons from the Book of Daniel," is the title of No. 132 of the Bible Students' Library. It comprises thir-teen lessons on the twelve chapters of Daniel, and will be used in connection with the study of that blessed book by Seventh-day Advent-ist Sabbath-schools throughout the world dur-ing the quarter beginning with April. Price, 5 cents. " THE Sure Word of Prophecy, a Study of the Book of Daniel," is the title of No. 131 of the Bible Students' Library, and is designed as a companion and helper to No. 132. It contains ninety-six pages and is well illustrated. Since the book of Daniel is of invaluable importance in pointing out both the first and second advents of Christ, and the rise, universal reign and everlasting ruin of antichrist, the papacy, it should now be care-fully and prayerfully studied by every lover of truth. This pamphlet will be a valuable aid to this study. Price, 10 cents. Liberal discounts on all publications when ordered in quantities. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City; Oakland, Cal. ; or 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of consoience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a umon of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4S Bond Street, New York City,  