THE LATE DR. A. J. GORDON. 440 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Heavenly Citizenship.* By the late A. J. Gordon, D. D. A MAN'S dwelling in one country, and holding citizen-ship in another and far remote country, is not an un-known circumstance. In such a case, we may have the singular anomaly of one being most a stranger in the land in which he is present, and most athome in the land from which he is absent. Our blessed Lord was the first perfectly to realize this idea respecting the heavenly country. For he speaks of himself as "He that came down from heaven, even the Son of Man who is in heaven." So truly a citizen of the other world was he, that even while walking and talking with menhe regarded himself as there, not here. And this saying of his occurs in that discourse where, with an emphatic "verily, verily," he declares that "except a man be born [margin] from above he cannot see the king-dom of God." Here is the key to the whole mystery. As the only begotten of the Father, Christ's native country was above ; and during all the days of his flesh he neither relinquished his heavenly citizenship nor acquired an earthly residence. "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and re-deemed his people," is a sig,  nificant note in the prophecy of his birth. And four times in the Gospels is our Lord's advent to earth spoken or as a visit. But it was a visit which never for a moment looked toward a permanent abiding. At his birth he was laid in a borrowed manger, because there was no room for him in the inn; at his burial he was laid in a borrowed tomb, because he owned no foot of earth; and between the cradle and the grave was a sojourn in which "the Son of man had not where to lay his head." The moun-tain top whither he constantly withdrew to commune with his Father, was the nearest to his home. And hence there is a strange, pathetic meaning in that saying, "And every man went unto his own house; Jesus went unto the Mount of Olives." Now, as it was with the Lord, so it is to be with his disciples. "For our citizenship is in heaven," says the apostle. Herein is the saying of Lady Powerscourt true: "The Christian is not one who looks up from earth to ""Religion Liberty Library," No, 47. heaven, but one who looks down from heaven to earth." A celestial nativity implies a celestial residence; and with a certain divine condescension may the Christian con-template the sordid, self-seeking children of this present evil age and say, with his Lord: "Ye are from beneath; am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this. world." Let us be admonished, however, that to say this truly and to live it really, may subject us to the experience in-dicated by the apostle: "Therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not." There is a certain quaint beauty in the apology which an old reformer made for the hard treatment which he and his friends received from the men of this world. " Why, brethren," he would say, "they do not understand court manners or the etiquette of heaven, never having been in that country from whence we come; therefore it is that our ways seem strange to them." Would that in the Christians of to-day celestial traits were so conspicuous as to occasion like remark ! Perhaps it is because there are so few high saints in the Church that there are so many low sinners outside the Church, since the ungodly can never be powerfully lifted up except by a church that reaches down from an exalted spiritual plane. What means that lofty address of the apostle, " Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling"? (Heb. 3:1.) The reference is not merely to our final destiny as those who are to be called up to heaven, but to our present service as those who have come down  from heaven: sons of God re- joicing in a celestial birth, bringing the air and manners of glory into a world that knows not God. As such we are exhorted to "consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus; " an apostle being one who comes forth from God, and an high priest one who goes in unto God. And Christ Jesus not only fulfils both these offices in himself, as he says, "I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again I leave the world, and go to the Father," but he makes us partakers with him of the same heavenly calling, sending us into the world, as the Father has sent him, and permitting us "to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus," as he has entered in by his own blood. Confessing that our citizenship is in heaven, it should be easily determined what our conduct and _bearing to- 