THE SENT 1TEE IBERTY. 491 immoral from corrupting the young and inexperi-enced." Of course, whatever is contrary to the prevailing religious sentiment is " immoral." Thus in Tennes-see, for example, Sunday work, be it never so unob-trusive, has been declared by the courts of that State to be "immoral in tendency and-of pernicious ex-ample." For this reason it is indictable as a nui-sance, and in numerous instances earnest Christian men and conscentious observers of the seventh day have been imprisoned for " corrupting the young and inexperienced " by working on Sunday after re-ligiously observing the very day specified in the fourth commandment of the decalogue. A SPHERE OF INFLUENCE." IN reading of the relation of the European powers to the Chinese Empire we observe frequent mention of spheres claimed by these nations. Probably all the' readers of THE SENTINEL know that " sphere " used in this connection applies to territory claimed by the governments of Europe as their field of ac-tion in China. But who, can locate these spheres? Our colored map of Asia indicates them plainly. This is only one item of information conveyed by these maps, but this one alone is worth all the map will cost you. See our offer, page 496. 4g RELIGION IN POLITICS IN THE FRENCH REPUBLIC." THE following quoted paragraphs are from an in-structive article by F. C. Conybeare in the July num-ber of the National Review (London) on the subject, " The conspiracy.  against the French Republic." They are instructive and noteworthy in view of the fact that the same religious orders conspiring against the French Republic are at work in the American Republic with an aim identical with that of their co-religionists in France, however dissimilar their methods. They are further interesting in their por-trayal of the religio-political system instituted in country for controlling the elections for the fur-therance of the kingdom of God on earth, in view of the manifest intention of religious organizations in the United States to control elections' here for a like purpose. FrOm such facts as these presented by Mr. Conybeare Americans may well take warning: "In Italy it is: the Cue of theVatiCan-tq hpld.aloof, at least in appearance, from politics, and in view of the general election at the beginning of this month  of June the usual fiat went forth to all the faithful, in elettiini elettori. The object of Pio Nono in impos-ing this rule was to boycott the Italian government, which he regarded, and wished others to regard, as one of usurpation and sacrilege. The result has been to prevent the formation in the Italian chamber of a Catholic party, though it has not hindered the priests from intriguing with the anarchists and fo-menting discontent and a spirit of riot in the large industrial centers. In France the Vatican has played of late years a game different in form, but equally selfish in substance. Leo XIII. was persuaded ten years ago that the royalist cause was hopeless. * * * Accordingly the edict went forth to recognize and be faithful to the republic. Not a few honest repub-licans * * * welcomed this step on the part of the Vatican, because they believed it would lead to a change of spirit among the clergy, who, it was hoped, in becoming loyal to a republic which pro-fesses to base itself on the rights of man, would gradually be liberalized. The Vatican, however, had other ends in view. It merely wished to capture the republic and clericalize it, to embrace it in order the better to strangle and suffocate it; to purge it of what the priests everywhere denounce as Freema-sonry, which is clerical slang for the spirit of reli-gious tolerance, coupled with respect for civil rights and equality of all before the law, of Jews and Pro-testants, as well as of Catholics. They would sub-stitute for this spirit the principles of the syllabus. A party of Railles was accordingly formed, consisting of old royalists who have nominally turned republi-cans, yet retain all the prejudices of the ancient regime. Concurrently, the French clerics redoubled their efforts to possess themselves of the army and of the schools. * * " To a much larger extent than anyone would sup-pose, who has not narrowly scanned the evidence ad-duced by the public prosecutor, M. Bulot, in their recent trial, the Assumptionist monks have con-duced to this general reaction in France. The Pere Picard, the general superior of the congregation, when interrogated, defined its aims to be primarily of religious order, but accessorily political also, so far as politics depend on religion. ' Other ques-tions,' he said, ' only come within our scope inci- dently, or anyhow as depending from the religious idea, because this latter dominates everything.' The notorious Pere Bailly, editor-in-chief of the many croix, which circulate in France, made the same admission, though some of the other defendants * * * had not about them this minimum of hon-esty, and stoutly denied that their association pur- sued any but strictly ,* * * '" It is well to draw a picture of the political and electoral activity of these innocent Assumptionist 