74 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. duced as to the credibility of Samuel Finley, and asked if he had not heard Finley say that he did not believe that there was either God or devil, that the Old and New Testament was no more than any other history. The Attorney-General argued that by the laws of England every rational creature, whatever his belief might be, could be a witness. There was no instance in any of the law books that any man's religious opinions ever were excepted to. No question can occur as to these things, with re-spect to a citizen. ŠIt is true, as to savages it may. Campbell J. thought that no man who did not believe in a future state of existence, rewards, and punishments, could be a witness. The question is proper: Overton J. considered this question of importance and therefore took a view of the English authorities. Prima facie, every person of a country where a be-lief in a future state of rewards and punishments commonly exist, let his religion be what it may, is competent. With respect to such persons no slight or casual sayings can be given in evidence for the purpose of rendering them incompetent. Evidence of a settled belief should be produced. The same question may be asked in this case, as in others which relate to reputation, viz., what is his general reputation, not particular questions, unless the ground is first laid in the general reputation of the person offered, and then particular questions as to the creed of the witness. Thus Judge Campbell, in this case, un-hesitatingly excludes from the witness stand every person who does not "believe in a future state of existence, rewards, and punishments." And Judge Overton con-curs with him, only marking out the course of examination by which it is neces-sary to ascertain whether or no the creed of the witness is such as will render him competent to testify. And this, although counsel had shown, and it had not been denied, that there was no authority for such a holding. But this case was tried in 1807, and perhaps it is referred to merely as ancient history. The next cita-tion, possibly, will be in consonance with the language and spirit of the section of the code under consideration. It is the case of Bennett vs. the State, 1 Swan 411, heard at the April term of the Supreme Court at Jackson, Tennessee, 1852. A portion of this case reads thus :Š An objection was made to the competency of the prosecutor, John Edgar, to testify as a wit-ness. It appears that he was sworn on the Voir dire, and on being interrogated by the defendant's counsel, as to his religious belief stated, " that he did not believe in a state of future rewards and punishments after death; and that the only punish-ment inflicted for wrongs in this life, was the pangs of conscience; but he believed in the existence of a God, he also believed the Bible." The court held him to be a competent witness; and in this there is no error. The statement of the witness as respects a future state of rewards and punishments is neither very intelligible nor consistent. As we understand it, however, he means not to disavow, but on the contrary, distinctly to affirm his belief in such a future state; but entertains an opinion different from many persons as to the nature of the punish-mentŠan opinion in which he is by no means singular. It seems that the view of the ancient judges is, notwithstanding the lapse of time, still that of Judge McKinney, in this case. He evidently considers it necessary that to be a competent witness a man must believe in a future state of rewards and punishments, although he would not neces- sarily hold that those beliefs must be either intelligible or consistent. A very fOrtu-nate holding perhaps, for if perfectly con-sistent and intelligible views were requisite even those holding the so-called orthodox ideas as to the future state might be excluded from testifying in court. Both of these decisions are contrary to the spirit of the Constitutions of the State in force at their rendering; the first to the ConstitUtion of 1796, in which the bill of rights declares that no human authority can control or interfere with the rights of conscience and no religious test be required of any one upon whom is placed a public trust. The Constitution of 1834, reiterates these principles, and to this the case of Bennett vs. the State is in antagonism. The next decision, that of Harrel vs. the State, 1 Head 125, was delivered by the same judge at the September term of the Supreme Court, at Knoxville, six years later, under the code of 1858, then just adopted. This code is similar in its pro-visions, as to the competency of witnesses in this regard, to that quoted at the begin-ning of the article. In this case Harrel was convicted of receiving stolen goods and sentenced to the penitentiary. The principal witness, upon whose testimony this conviction was secured, had affirmed his disbelief in the accepted views of re-ligion. The action of the lower court on this point is thus narrated :Š For the purpose of excluding said witness on the ground of incompetency, from want of religious belief ; it was proposed, on behalf of the defendant, to prove, that, within less than four months from the time of the trial, said Stephens "had solemnly declared that he did not believe the Bible was true; that he did not believe in the existence of a God; that he did not believe that man had a soul; that he was like the beasts; that his breath was his soul, when you stopped that his soul was destroyed, and that was the end of man." The Court would not admit this evi-dence although it held that the defendant might produce evidence as to the " gen-eral religious reputation " of Stephens or might question the witness himself as to his religious belief. This the defendant's counsel would not do, and the case went on to a conviction under Stephens' testi-mony. In his decision upon appeal Judge McKinney says :Š It is admitted that the sentiments imputed to Stephens, if really entertained, rendered him in-competent to testify as a witness; and the only question is as to the mode of proof. Upon this point a difference prevails in practice. Mr. Green-leaf states that the ordinary mode of showing this objection to the competency of a witness is, " by evidence of his declarations, previously made to others." Vol. 1, sec. 370, and note 2. And accord-ing to some of the authorities referred to in the note, it is not admissable to enquire of the witness as to his religious belief. On the other hand Mr. Starkie lays it down (Vol. 1, p. 121) that, " before a witness takes the oath, he may be asked whether he believes in the existence of a God, in the obliga-tion of an oath, and in a future state of rewards and punishments; and if he does not he can not be admitted to give evidence." We have held recently, in a case not reported, that the party seeking to ex-clude a witness on this ground, may adopt either mode of proof; and we adhere to this determina- tion as the better. practice. If the witness really disregards the obligation of an oath, it would seem to be neither safe, nor consistent to resort to his ex-amination. If he has voluntarily avowed his dis-belief, we perceive no reason why this should not be proved in the same manner as any other fact. The question, whether his declarations in regard to his faith have been correctly understood, as repre-sented ; as also the question whether his opinion has undergone a change, will be open to proof of alike character. In this view, his honor erred in exclud-ing the evidence offered. But in the instructions to the jury we think there is no error. Judgment reversed. Thus, in establishing the incompetency of a material witness, an opportunity was made for a receiver of stolen goods to go free. The authorities referred to here, it will be noticed, are Greenleaf, and Starkie, on Evidence, nothing more. The next case is that of Anderson vs. Maberry, heard in the Supreme Court by Judge Nicholson, in 1871. In the questions involved, in reference to the competency of the witness, the case is almost precisely similar to that just given, and the judge says, " This exact question arises in the case of Harrel vs. the State, 1 Head 125." He then quotes from Judge McKinney's decision in that case, and renders his own decision :Š Upon this authority, which we adopt as the best rule of practice, the Circuit Judge erred in not permitting plaintiff's counsel to call witnesses to prove the declarations of Drury Smith, as to his disbelief in a God, and in a future state of rewards and punishments, and in requiring him to resort to the examination of the witness himself. The rec-ord shows the evidence of Drury Smith to have been material on the issue before the jury. For this error the judgment is reversed, and the cause re-manded for another trial. Again a witness is excluded whose tes-timony is " material to the issue." This case is decided under the same absence of code provisions as the previous cases, but under the Constitution of 1870, in which there was added to the bill of rights, in reference to jurors, "and no religious or political test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification for jurors." Thus the constitutional theory and the judicial practice draw farther apart; the one ret-rogrades as the other advances. One of the authorities upon which Judge McKinney bases his opinion is the " Law of Evidence," by Thomas Starkie, Esq., of the Inner Temple, one of Her Majesty's Counsel. This, then, is an English author-ity, and Her Majesty's Counsel says :Š Before a witness takes the oath, he may be asked whether he believes in the existence of a God, in the obligation of an oath, and in a future state of rewards and punishments; and if he does he may be admitted to give evidence. And it seems that he ought to be admitted if he believes in the exist-ence of a God who will reward or punish him in this world, although he does not believe in a future state. But it is not sufficient that he believes him-self bound to speak the truth, merely for a regard to character, or the interests of society, or fear of punishment by the temporal law. To this, Sharswood's American edition has this note, " The weight of authority in the United States is very decidedly with the text on this point." Again, on 