101 .A.TVIIEJEtt CA.NT VoL. 11, No. 13. liberties. If that is so in one case it certainly is in the other. When the New England Sabbath Protective League seeks for legislation providing that employers shall give their workmen a release from labor one day in seven, without desig-nating the day, or infringing on their natural right to engage in anything that may contri-bute to their happiness, so long as they are civil, then, and then only, will the public be convinced that they are seeking the welfare of the workman only, as they claimed in Music Hall at the annual meeting recently; and not that they are seeking enforced con-formity in the observance of a religious insti-tution by law. The Roman Catholic hierarchy and these Protestant Sabbath leagues claim to be in-tensely patriotic, but the fact is that there is nothing more unpatriotic or un-American than the upholding of the principle of reli-gious conformity by law, which is as a dagger aimed at the very vitals of our liberties. THE ARMENIANSŠWHO THEY ARE, ETC. [By James D. Barton, D. D., Secretary of the American Board, in the Independent, March 5.] ACCORDING to ArmeeiAn histories, the chief of the Armenians was Haik, the son of To-garmah, the son of Gomer, the son Japheth, the son of Noah. It is an interesting fact that the Armenians to this day call themselves Haik, their language " Haiaren," and their country " Haiasdan. ' " Armenia" and "Ar-menian " are words which cannot be spelled with Armenian characters or easily pronounced by that people. That name was given them and their country by outside nations because of the prowess of one of their kings, Aram, the seventh from Haik. Probably this people is composed of the resultant of strong Aryan tribes overrunning and conquering the country now occupied by the Armenians, and which was then possessed by primitive Turanian populations. Subject to the vicissitudes of conquest and invasion the borders of Armenia have fluctuated. Lake Van has always been within the kingdom, and the capital has usually remained during their highest prosperity at the city of Van. They have had a long line of Kings of Valor and Renown. They were an independent nation but with varying degrees of power until A. D. 1375, when they became completely a snject people. Since that time their country has, been under the governments of Russia, Persia, and Tur-key, far the larger portion being in Turkey. During the years of their greatest prosperity, from 600 B. 0. to about 400 A. n., this nation played a prominent part in the wars of the Assyrians, Modes, Persians, Greeks and Ro-mans. There are, perhaps, from two and a half to three millions of Armenians in Turkey, Russia, and Persia. In the absence of accurate rec-ords we must be content with a mere estimate, based upon observations and inadequate gov-ernment returns. In no extended district do they comprise a majority of the inhabitants. They are everywhere mingled with and sur-rounded by Kurds and Turks. The Armen-ians are forbidden to carry or possess arms under severe penalties, while the other races are armed, many of them by the government. Armenian histories relate that, soon after the resurrection of Christ, Abgar, the King of Armenia, with his court accepted Chris-tianity. This was short-lived however; but in the third century, A. D., under the leader- ship of Gregory the Illuminator, the Armen-ian people, as a nation, became Christian. This was The First Nation to Adopt Christianity as a National Religion. The church was called " Gregorian " by those outside, but " Loosavochagan" by the Ar-menians, the word meaning " Illuminator," the name given to Gregory. The Gregorians and Greeks worked in harmony in the great councils of the church until 451. At the fourth Ecumenical Council, which met at Chalcedon that year, the Gregorian Church separated from the Greek upon the so-called Monophysite doctrine, the former accepting and the latter rejecting it. Since then the Gregorian Church has been distinctly and exclusively an Armenian national Church. The organization and control of the church is essentially episcopal. The Spiritual Head is a Catholicos; but in addition to him there is a Patriarch, whose office bears largely upon the political side of the national life as related to the Ottoman Government. There are three of the former residing in the order of their importance at Echmiadzin, in Russia, Aghta-mar, on an island in Lake Van, and at Sis in Cilicia, each with his own diocese. There are two of the latter residing at Constantinople and Jerusalem. There are nine grades of Armenian clergy. The Bible was translated into their language in the middle of the fifth century. Owing to a change in the spoken tongue the Bible became a dead book to the people, although it was constantly read at their church sevices. As the priests scarcely ever understood the Scripture which they read, Christian doctrines were kept alive by oral teachings; but the restraint upon life which pure Christianity exercises was largely removed. They blindly accept the Bible as the Word of God. They have many large, fine churches, some of which are several hundred years old. This nation has suffered great persecutions for its faith during the last eleven centuries, but with wonderful patience and endurance has clung to the old beliefs and forms of worship. Mission work was begun among them for the purpose of introducing into the church the Bible in the spoken language of the people, in order that its teachings might reform the church and the nation. The Armenian Nature is Essentially Religious. Born into the Church, its customs, traditions and teachings have large influence over the life. Although much of their teachings and many of their customs are based upon mere traditions and are not in accord with the enlightened, educated Christianity of the West, nevertheless the fact that during the last few months thousands among them have deliberately chosen death, with terrible tor-ture, to life and Islam, shows that among them exists much essential Christian faith. It mast not be overlooked that the old church has been greatly enlightened and elevated by the mission schools and colleges planted in their country, and the evangelistic work car-ried on among them. They, too, in imitation of the evangelical branch of their nation, have organized schools, accepted the Bible in the spoken language, and introduced into their church worship many of the methods of Christian instruction used by the Christian Church all over the world. The Armenians' greatest enemy outside of Islam is Their Incompatibility of Character. They cannot agree among themselves. "Haile voch miapan" (" Armenians cannot agree ") is one of their many proverbs. This is their national weakness. Owing to this fact, which led to internal jealousies and bickerings and strife, during the period of their most suc-cessful national life, they were weakened, then disrupted, and finally completely subju- gated. This characteristic has constantly appeared in the management of their ecclesi-astical affairs; and the Turks in order to control them have made great use of this weakness, playing one party off against an-other. The source of this national weakness lies in their jealousy of imagined or actual rivals. Suspicious of each other and jealous of competition, the race has been broken up into factions which has rendered impossible anything like a national growth or unity, and has made it easy for the ruling Turk to keep them in complete subjection. Many times the Armenians themselves have been the most effective instruments in the hands of their diplomatic rulers in checking national pro-gress. Owing to this fact, if for no other reason, a plan for a general revolution upon the part of the Armenians could lead only to exposure and failure. The most intelligent have from the first fully understood this, and have de-precated any agitation which must necessarily end in disaster. The advocates of revolution have almost invariably been men of narrow views and no leadership in the nation at large, who have, outside of Turkey, organized rival societies to collect money from credulous Armenians to the credit of their own per-sonal bank account and for the injury of their protesting people in Turkey. This same characteristic would make it impossible to-day for the Armenians to be self-governing. The Armenians are the most intelligent of all the peoples of Eastern Turkey. The Armenians are the farmers, artisans, tradesmen and bankers of Eastern Turkey. They Have Strong Commercial Instincts and mature ability, and, being industrious withal, have made much progress in all these lines. In spite of the heavy restrictions placed upon them by the Turkish govern-ment, in the form of general regulations and excessive taxes, in some parts of Turkey the leading business operations are largely in their hands. In some sections of the vilayets of Harpist and Diarbekir, twenty-five years ago, the land was owned almost entirely by Mos-lems, but rented and farmed by Armenians. At that time the Armenians were not permitted to possess, to any extent, the soil. Lack of industry upon the part of the Mohammedans and the acquirement of property upon the part of the Armenians, largely by emigration to the United States, have led the Turks to sell their ancient estates to Armenians who are supplied with funds from their friends who are working in this country. The care-ful management of the property thus acquired led to the advancement of the proprietor farmer, while the one from whom the land was purchased was left without an income. While the Turks in many of the principal cities where Armenians dwell, own most of the shops, the renters are largely Armenians. An intelligent Turkish Governor once told the writer that if the Armenians should sud-denly emigrate or be expelled from Eastern Turkey, the Moslem would necessarily follow soon, as there were not enough commercial enterprise and ability coupled- with industry 