AMERICAN SENTINEL. 587 if in reaching its verdict it depart from or disregard it, the duty of the judge is to set aside the verdict. It is thus apparent that under no stronger circum-stances could such a categorical statement be made by a judge on the bench, and there could not be a more terse and forcible statement of the principle. ,11.- Ł 4' The "National Conscience." New York "World." DURING the progress of the Dreyfus trial the hope of an acquittal was based chiefly on the relevant circum-stance that Dreyfus was innocent, and also in part on the belief in the existence of a national conscience as a public influence. The event has belied these reasonable expectations so completely as to suggest that a reliance on the work-ings of national conscience, even at the present day, is dangerous. It would have been absurd to have counted on any such influence in the days of the partitions of Poland or of the oppressions of the British colonies in America. But have we really advanced very far since then? What part has the national conscience played in the partition of Africa or in the dealing with China? No interference of conscience prevented Germany from rob-bing France of Alsace and Lorraine, nor does it seem to influence Great Britain in dealing with the Transvaal republie. We should like to believe that it was the province of our Republic to furnish to the world an example of the workings of conscience in national affairs, but even here, with the Philippine question before us, perhaps the less said about national conscience the better. A Specious Plea. "The Examiner" (Baptist). ARCHBISHOP IRELAND does not approve of any efforts on the part of Protestants to affect the religious status of the inhabitants of our new island possessions. Judg-ing from an interview with him published in the Outlook, he believes that the Catholic Church already has a first mortgage on them, and that, while many of the people may not live up to their faith, they have no idea of aban-doning it for another. The work of Protestant missionaries among them, he holds, would only tend to throw them into a state of absolute indifference or unbelief. It would also tend to make them distrust their American rulers, and lead to endless trouble. "If I were America's enemy to-day," he says, "I would say to American Protestants, Hurry on your missionaries to Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philip-pines, and have them tell the inhabitants of those islands that their historic faith is wrong and that they ought  to become Protestants. This would be the speediest and most effective way to make the inhabitants of those islands discontented and opposed to America. . . . I speak as an American. Later on, when things are set-tled and when missionaries will be understood to be working in the name of their belief, and not as Ameri-cans, the question will be more easily solved as to what missionaries might be allowed to do." This is an able but specious plea for Protestant in-activity in the Philippines, Cuba, and Porto Rico, but it hardly accords with the American doctrine of soul lib-erty. Should the archbishop's warningŠor covert threat, as it seems to usŠbe heeded, we fear that the time will be far, far in the future, when things are suffi-ciently "settled" for the Protestant missionary to begin his work. No church or denomination has proprietary rights in. any peopleŠat least none which Rome is bound to respect. There is not a people or nation on the face of the globe where her emissaries are not to-day "under countless disguises, by a thousand arts," as Parkman well says, "luring, persuading, or compelling souls into the fold of Rome." Our offer of "The Spirit-Filled Life" will close in two weeks. Have you taken advantage of it? Read the "ad" on page 591. Divorce and Divorce. "PRACTICAL polygamy," says Bishop Leonard, of the Protestant Episcopal diocese of Ohio, "is being practised all over this country. Things have come to such a pass that the flimsiest pretexts are made the means of securing a divorce. A slight quarrel or miser-able lust are alike made a means to this end." Yet divorce was the foundation of all Protestantism and especially of the Anglican Church, the parent of the Prot-estant Episcopal organization. Divorce brought Prot-estantism into being, but is now the cancer eating away its vitality. The house of Protestantism was built on sand. The fate foretold in the gospel is about to over-take it."ŠCatholic Mirror. The divorce business, as carried on in our civil courts, reveals a sad state of society; but there is no just ground for the Catholic Mirror's remark. It knows, or ought to know, that the revolt from Catholicism in England was not caused by Henry VIII.; that gross king simply used it for au occasion. The revolt was so strong that he felt that under its shadow he could suc-cessfully rebel against Rome. But in a better way "divorce. was the foundation of [true] Protestantism. It was the divorce of religion from the world. It was the divorce of church and state, for which Rome stood. And what is destroying Prot-estantism to-day is that it has turned back to the world. It was built on the rock of God's Word. It 