92 AMERICAN' SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-8. "How many can repeat the names of the kings of France given as far as the last study?" questioned Pro-fessor Carman. Every hand came up except Milly Brown's and Jennie Jacobs', who excused themselves by saying that they were sorry they had neglected to write them in their note: books, but would surely do so and have them all learned A FEUDAL CASTLE. before another lesson. After repeating them once more in concert, Charlie White said, eagerly:Š "Professor, we were learning about ElughCapet. Will we hear a little more about him to-day?" "Yes, Charlie; though I have more to tell you about his son Robert than about him. Hugh began to reign 987, and had a reign of nine years, that is, he was king in name, but he really was absolute ruler over only a little part of France directly around Paris. The nobles had all the rest,Š a good example of the workings of the Feudal system. "Once when one of his nobles displeased King Hugh, the king asked him, 'Who made you a count?' but the other had only to ask his liege lord, who made him 'a king' to effectually silence him. Hugh gained the respect of the nobles and of the clergy by his kindness and wis-dom. Some of his relations are still living. May be they have hopes yet of ascending the throne of their illustrious ancestor." "My! wouldn't they feel grand?" said romantic Mill: Brown. "Perhaps some of them may. All the world is mak ing history very rapidly of late years." "Robert the Pious; as he was calledŠthe s'on of Hugl Šwell earned his title; for he was a kind and conscientiou, man, and altho' his reign of thirty-five years was marre( by a period of religious persecution, still we are su,re tha poor Robert would not have allowed this if he had bees better enlightened." "I should have thought if Robert's wife had been a tender-hearted as he that they would both together hav found out that religious persecution was a cruel thing." "His first wife perhaps might have,  been a help ti him; for they were tenderly attached to each other. Bu they were forced to a separation by the pope, and wer both of them very miserable on account of it." "What business had the pope to interferewith th king's private life, I'd like tolnow?" said Joe Palmeter "He made it his business, Joseph, and a miserabl business it was. PoorRobert at last married aŁfrivolous vain woman named Constance. She wearied him wit] her continual scoldings, for she disliked to have him si charitable and liberal toward the needy. But poo Robert would indulge his desire to give to the poor, am even if he had no money about him, he would give awa: the very clothing he wore." "Was it King Robert who once gave the silver orna meats which he wore on his lance to a poor beggar, any then told him to be sly and not let the queen know it? asked Edna Phillips. "Yes, it was King Robert, and when the stingy queer missed the ornaments, the king actually lacked the more courage to tell her the truth, and denied knowing any thing about it. At another time when he was eating there was a hungry fellow under the table, and while th generous king was'feeding him, as was his custom to d to the very poor, the ungrateful fellow cut a valuabl gold ornamentfrom off the king's clothes, and ran away the king only remarking that it would do the poor felloi more good than it would him. Once, while the kind hearted king was at his prayers in church, a thief cut of about half of the gold fringe which bordered the king' mantle before. he .said a word 'to him,Šthough he knee what the scamp was about perfectly well,Šand then h only asked him to leave the other half for some one else. "I wonder if the people appreciated so good a king,' said Julia March. "I fear not, for his was a stormy reign. Robert hal also quite a talent for music and writing poetry, an( when Queen Constance asked him to write her a song, h sang a Latin hymn, the first line of which, translated means, "0 constancy of the martyrs,"' and the ignoran queen was satisfied, hearing, as she supposed, her ow) name; but really the king was only laughing at her. "This was about 1000 years after Christ. Now ther were some of the people whO, because of a passage o scripture in the book of Revelation, jumped to the con 