THE AiNlIERIC.AN SENTINEL. 37 says the excellent bishop of Calcutta, 'but the religion of Christ our Lord as established by his providence and grace in Great Britain in the second century, . . . the Christian religion wisely and mildly established by a Christian Government. Much less is our church a sec-tarian body, as some would call it; that is a small number of persons who have cut them-selves off f'rom the mass of Christians by cer-tain peculiarities; but the national church of the Government, nobles, and people of our re-ligious country.' "This doctrine, originated and sustained by the union, besides being in the highest degree unjust to dissenters, inflicts upon them many injuries. "Persons thus trained from childhood to look upon dissenters as schismatics, whom they should, according .to the apostle's command, avoid (Rom. 16 : 17), are afraid to hear the gos-pel from their lips. Were a dissenting minister to open a chapel for worship in any large vil-lage where there is a moral and benevolent rector, whose doctrine is unsound and whose life is worldly, few among the villagers would dare to hear the schismatic. Were the two ministers upon the footing of legal equality, as in a village of the United States, the multitude would flock to hear the gospel; but here where the State maintains the -worldly pastor and frowns upon the evangelist, his doctrine is sus-pected, his person is despised, and he cannot gather a congregation. A similar spirit has hitherto impeded the evangelic labors of dis-senters in every city of the kingdom." And so it will over be wherever the church is placed under the patronage of the State. It is sure to result in a loss of spirituality. in the body of professors. Persecution or Nothing. THE National Reform Party has by resolu-tion affirmed, and even re-affirmed, that their work does not tend in the least degree to a union of Church and State; that it does not threaten the liberty of any people, but that, on the contrary, it will furnish the strongest safeguard to the liberties, both civil and re- , ligious, of all citizens; but their actions con-tradict their words. And not only so, their words contradict themselves. This can be clearly seen by any one who will read the pub-lications of the National Reform Association. The fact of the matter is, that under their National Reformed Constitution there would be no real liberty at all, 'either civil or religious. The Christian Statesman says:Š "Enforce upon all thatŁcome among us, the laws of Christian morality." To enforce is to force; to constrain; to compel; this then, being interpreted, means, forceŁ alb compel all,Šinfidels, atheists, Jews, heathen,Š to keep the laws of "Christian morality." Says Rev. W. J. Coleman, one of the secre-taries of the Association:Š " The existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise Łevery logically consistent infidel." They propose first to force all to keep the laws which they shall establish as being those of Christian morality; then those who will not be forced, will be disfranchised. And then .what? Oh, the gradation is easy. Rev. E. B. Graham says:Š "If' the opponents of the Bible [that is, the National Reform views of the Bible] do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land; and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a Government of their own, on infidel and atheistic ideas, and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die." That is pretty heavy, but there is one more step that could be taken, and it is taken. Rev. Jonathan Edwards says:Š "Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon." The "true inwardness" of this last can be the more readily appreciated when it is un-derstood that this reverend gentleman defines atheism to be whatever opposes National Re- form. The liberty, then, which the National Re- formers propose to guarantee to every man is the liberty to do as they say, and the liberty to conform to whatthey shall establish as Chris-tianity and morality. And that is a kind of liberty that is strictly compatible with absolute tyranny. Such liberty as that the papacy at the height of its power was willing and anxious to grant. Indeed, of that kind of liberty the Inquisition was the best conservator that the world has ever seen. And when we read these things, and many others of like import, in the National Reform literature, and, in view of them, express our fears that religious intolerance and persecution, will be the inevitable consequence of-the suc-cess of the National Reform movement, they seem to think it passing strange. To them it seems only " folly and fanaticism " that any- body should harbor any such fears. Then they come cooing like a dove: " Why you need have no fears at all; we would not hurt a hair of your heads." But the sentiments expressed in the aboveŁ quotations are spoken with too much earnestness, and are received with too much favor in the National Reform Conven- tions, for us to allow any weight whatever to such honeyed phrases as that, we need have no fears, and, they would not hurt a hair of our heads. But even if we had all pleasant words and fair speeches on their part, and had none of these plain and forcible expressions of their real sentiments and feelings, we should be none the less assured that intolerance and persecution would be the result of the success of the National Reform Party. First, because all history proves that such a thing is to be dreaded; and, secondly, because such a:result is inseparable from the success of such a move- ment. We repeat: Intolerance and perSecution are inseparable from the success of such a movement as is represented in the National Reform Asso- ciation. Their purpose is to place what they decide to be Christian laws, institutions, and usages, upon an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. Such Christianity thereby becomes the law of the land; and the only point upon which turns the question of persecution or no persecution is, Will the law be enforced? If the law shall not be enforced, then their movement will be a failure; for, so far as any real, practical results are concerned, the whole matter would stand just as it does at present, and the present order of things is the cause of their sorest lamentations. But if the law shall be enforced, then there is perse-cution, for compulsory conformity to religious opinions is persecution. So the sum of the matter is this: If the laws which they shall establish shall not be enforced, their movement will be a failure. If those laws shall be en-forced, then there will be persecution. And that the principles which they advocate will be enforced, if they obtain the power, is just as certain as that human nature is what it is, or that two and two make four. A. T. J. A Cool Calculation. AT the National Convention of the National Reform Association held in Cincinnati in 1872, Mr. Abbot, editor of the Index, a man opposed to Christianity, was permitted to present a pro- test against the movement. While there were some things in his address with which we can-not agree, we believe his words of warning were not too strong, but they faithfully por-trayed the danger that lurks in the amendment movement. He said:Š "I make no threat whatever, but I state a truth fixed as the hills when I say that before you can carry this measure and trample on the freedom of the people, you will have to wade through seas of blood. Every man who favors it votes to precipitate the most frightful war of modern times." The Convention played a shrewd game when it put forward " Rev. A. D. Mayo" to reply to Mr. Abbot, for Mr. Mayo can speak more words to less purpose, and better cover with sophis-try the most evident truth, than any other man in the Convention. This is his characteristic. In his reply he said:Š "Why, he is now living as a citizen of Ohio under a Constitution that substantially includes every idea we propose to place in the national charter. . . . As a citizen of Ohio he is exposed to all the danger of disfranchisement and persecution to which he would be exposed if this amendment was made." Etc., etc. Now Mr. Mayo and his associates in that Convention knew that his speech was sheer deception, from first to last. More than a year before.that time the Statesman said that their movement contemplated "practical ends," be-cause under their proposed change of the Gov-ernment no one would be permitted to hold of-fice who traveled on the first day of the week! And they have loudly deplored the fact that an infidel has beenŁ elected Governor of Ohio. Now if, as they claim, no man who violates the precepts of the Bible could hold office under the amended Constitution, would there be such a parallel between it and the Constitution of Ohio as Mr. Mayo claimed? There would not; nor do they intend to have it so. We repeat, that Mr. Mayo's speech was a deception, and they knew it was. And Mr. Mayo ridiculed Mr. Abbot's appre-hensions of war, and of any trouble whatever growing out of their remodeling the Govern- ment. And the advocates of the amendment, including the conductors of the Statesman, have always treated the fears of their opponents with ridicule. And yet they look upon the very troubles that others predict, and even war 