AMERICAN SENTINEL. 231 from declining, we can hardly expect them to revive it after it has declined. One chief cause of religious declension is formality. Religious formality is the deadly enemy of spiritual life. Formality gets into the Christian church as naturally as thistles and weeds get into the farmer's fields, and is just as hard to keep down. And what could be more essentially formal in religion than a religious proclama-tion issued by an official of the civil power? What spir-itual life is there in the civil power, and how could the civil power be expected to administer religion in any-thing but a formal way ? All connection between church and state can only promote religious formality and kill out spiritual life. Experimental demonstration of this truth is afforded by every state church. Religion will decline just in the proportion that it leans upon the power of man. It will be revived just in the proportion that it depends on the power of God. The gospel is the power of God, given to man for salva-tion from sin; and the more men look to the state for this salvation, the more will religionŠthe true religion Šdecline in the earth. Notes and Recollections. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. THE population of Portugal (including the islands of Madeira and Azores) is about 5,100,000; of this number but five per cent, are able to read and write. In Lisbon the Capital, there are more or legs 600,000 inhabitants, 450,000 of which can neither read nor write. Mexico, which until a few years ago, was under the thumb of Rome, tells a like story; but five per cent. of her population can read or write. Yet the church of Rome boasts of being the pioneer of education. SOME years ago Catholics were prohibited from hold-ing any responsible position in the Canadian parliamen-tary administration. Nevertheless the papacy had made so much progress in a short period, that in March,1895, the Canadian government sanctioned the payment from the public treasury of 1,000 gold dollars to the Catholic priests, for the rehearsal of masses for the repose of the soul of Sir John Thompson, former premier of the Do-minion of Canada. A SHORT time ago a colporter was selling Bibles from house to house in a Bolivian city. The priests hearing of this, went to the judge and obtained an order for his arrest. The charge brought against him was, that of selling indecent books. As a result the Bibles were con-fiscated and publicly burnt, and the colporter released after paying a heavy fine. This is a specimen of papal liberality, in countries where she claims the majority of the inhabitants as her adherents. THE late war is already bearing good fruit. Nations  or colonies which were formerly closed to the gospel, are now throwing open their doors for the reception of God's precious truths. Not very long ago the Methodist mis-sionaries were expelled from the Caroline Islands (a Spanish possession). Some time after Minister Taylor, U. S. Minister at Madrid, informed the Spanish govern-ment that the governor of the Carolines was willing that the missionaries should return, should the Iberian gov-ernment consent. After delaying their answer for some time, the latter notified the U. S. Minister on Sept. 18, 1894, that the condition of things (Catholic intolerance) had not changed in the least to warrant the return of the Methodist missionaries. IN January, 1895, six bishops in Italy were granted the Royal Exequator, the which entitled them to receive an official income from the government. The Italian government does not fear the Catholic religion now, for the reason that it is absolutely necessary to have the help of the church to overcome the revolutionary pro-pensities of the inhabitants. "It cannot conquer the turbulence it bred." So says the Catholic Review, of Jan. 26, 1895. Now the secret is out as to how Rome gains ground whichever way things may turn. She teaches the people to refuse obedience to all rulers who are not subject to the spiritual domination of their popes; and the people obeying the mandates of their bishops, rise against the executive authorities, who, fearing a change in the reigning dynasty, accept the papal intervention to quell the storm which Rome her-self has originated. Thus the absolute power of the popes is acknowledged, concessions have then to be made to the Santa Sede; and Rome becomes more firmly es-tablished than ever. Argentine Republic. Social Regeneration by Law. BY J. F. THOMSON. LAW means repression. Its agent is force. It ad-dresses itself chiefly to acts, leaving the great realm of motives untouched or rather unchanged. Man is to be saved. How? By legal restraints? Nay. Away with the conception that Christianity is a thing that ties us up that we may not hurt ourselves or others. Never let men hope for human regeneration by force of law. Cor-rect morals can never be beaten into men by a police-man's baton. The municipal court, state legislatures, houses of correction, are not the fountains whence the waters of regeneration flow. Law can punish, and fet-ter, and imprison, but not regenerate. Load the statute books with penal restraints, but only the grace of God can make people honest, pure, and chaste. As well ex pect to quiet a boiling caldron by skimming it with a spoon as to regenerate society by legal enactments. 