SEPTEMBER a, 1894. 279 people, but it is our religion; it is because we don't believe as they do; and their being disturbed on such grounds is purely papal; and for us to yield to their demands under such circumstances would be the saine as bowing to the papacy; God expressly warns us against doing this. So, although Sunday may be called a purely civil day, it does interfere with our religious rights. I intended to make more points, but I the judge interrupted me, and closed the hearing. After having been out about ten minutes, I was called back to hear the sentence. The judge closed with the statement that if we did not stop work he would next order that the house be closed altogether. The reports in the papers were quite fair. One point they made particularly clear, for which I am glad, and that is, we declared that we could never obey Sunday laws, as that was the same to us as obey-ing man rather than God.  An appeal has been taken to a higher court, and the result is awaited with in-terest. It is evident that the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists for refusing to obey laws enforcing obedience to a dogma of the Roman Catholic Church, is becom-ing world-wide. But this state of things is just what they have been expecting for more than forty years. They have de-clared that the governments of earth would attempt to cause all men to worship the papacy or a system made in the image of the papacy, and that this would be done by attempting to force all men to observe Sunday, the mark of Roman Cath-olic power. Events are multiplying on every hand showing the fulfillment of these predictions. These events have, for forty years, been expected through faith in the prophetic word of God, but i.t has been only recently that they have seen the persecutions which are a fulfillment. They have, for more than forty years, declared that the Sunday Sabbath was exclusively a Roman Catholic institution, and now in 1893, Cardinal Gibbons' paper, the Catho-lic Mirror, comes forward declaring the " Christian Sabbath " (Sunday) to be the the "genuine offspring of the Catholic Churph,".without scriptural authority for its supp4A , and further that the observ-ance of it by ProtSstants who profess to take the Bible for their guide, is " inde-fensible, self-contradictory, and suicidal;" and further still, challenges the whole Protestant world to disprove its position. For moil) than forty years Seventh-day Adventists have declared that Sunday laws were an attempt to enforce obedience to this Roman Catholic dogma, and now in 1894 a Roman Catholic member of the Canadian Parliament, in a speech against a Sunday law, declares that by the bill the author " seeks to compel a great number of his fellow-citizens to disobey the Word of God, and obey the words of a church, (Roman Catholic) of which they (Seventh-day Adventists) do not approve." Again only a few days ago Mr. Pax, a Catholic priest, of Sleepy Eye, Minn., declared in a published letter, that " The imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists. . . . for performing bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, proves that the Government assumes the right to en-force a religious dogma of the Catholic Church." There is no doubt of the correctness of the position. And now let Seventh-day Adventists in all the world, with one heart and one mind, stand resolutely and refuse to " worship the beast and his image and receive his mark." John. Liederman 30 Flushing Ave., - - Brooklyn, N. T. REAL-ESTATEŠLOANSŠINSURANCE EFFECTEO THROUGHOUT UNITED STATES. COAL AND WOOD LOCAL TRADE. SNAP A CLIP on your papers and get a handsome bound volume, Trial dozen, 75 cents. Agents wanted. Price-list Free. H. H. BALLARD, 193, Pittsfield, Mass. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab-berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75; half morocco, $3. 00. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesie Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City. Mo, Oakland, Cal. IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The abo-n is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is, Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. The Law of God as Changed by the rapacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 51- x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. Apples of Gold Library This is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence. It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers can be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued:Š No. 1. Looking unto Jesus. 2. The Christian's Privilege. 3. The Sure Promises of God. 4. How to Get Knowledge. 5. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) 6. The Elect of God. 7. How Esther Read Her Bible. 8. The Thief on the Cross. 9.. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. " 11. Righteousness ; Where Is It to be Found ? Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents; or 12 copies for $1.00. Single subscriptions are not desir-, able, for two reason: (1) The numbers being so small they are liable to be lost in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the Library will be mailed in quantities at the following rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00.per thousand copies. Always, order by the NTJMUR. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland,, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. ENVELOPE SERIES 