3,58 THE AMEIICAN SENTINEL. The Blessed Sabbath-Day. Resolved, That we will use our influence by word and example against all railroad travel and excursions on the Sabbath, and against Sunday newspapers, and for legislation that will close all places of business or pleasure, and protect the Sabbath as a day of rest and worship. The above 'is the main resolution adopted by the Sabbath Observance Association in Des Moines last week. There can be no doubt but that the resolution will accomplish more harm than good. There is too much of the desire to control all other people in their manners and customs, and compel them to conform to the whims and hobbies of those who resolve but do not perform. The time will never come when railroad travel, Sunday newspapers and parks, will be abolished on Sundays. The person who wrote that resolution probably commits far greater crimes every year of life than are enu-merated therein. The resolution indicates too much of "the holy I" and not enough work among the suffering poor and the viciously wicked. It would be far better to pay more attention to the teachings of "Him who doeth all things well" than to attempt to rule everything and every-body, without having sufficient knowledge and power to rule themselves. Sunday is the poor man's day. Laborers work all the week-days and have no time for rest or recreation except on Sundays. They cannot be deprived of the privilege of reading newspapers or gaining health through inhaling fresh air in the parks on the day of rest. It would be a poor kind of religion that could be injured in reading the Sunday Register, or in enjoying the fresh air of the parks. Des Moines now has all the re-strictions on Sunday that can ever be enforced. No amount of crankism or of forcing others to do as they do can ever shut out the blessed sun-shine and fresh air. All attempts to do so will only make Jordan a harder road to travel to those who might be induced to become better people if there were not so much of the unchris-tian spirit of painting the bright, happy world as an object to be avoided on the holy Sabbath-day. The long, tedious, and tiresome Sundays de-manded by that resolution will never come. The world is slowly reaching a better standard. The people are progressing in every good direc-tion, but the time will never come to revive the " Blue Laws of Connecticut," or when a Chris-tian people will demand a law or custom which will dictate that the blessed Sabbath-day shall be a cut and dried day of desolation and mourn-ing. The writer has been ruled by a Methodist rod all his life, and yet Sunday has always been the happiest, most enjoyable day in the week in all the homes in which he has been an inmate. "Six days shalt thou labor, and on the seventh shalt thou rest," cannot be interpreted that "thou shalt sit in sackcloth and ashes all the Sundays of thy life," as is demanded by the resolution re- ferred to. The Hebrews and Adventists rest on Saturdays, comply with the divine law, and sat-isfy their consciences that they are worshiping according to the light given them. They can-not be forced to worship on any other day, and it can be said to their great credit that they do not attempt to make people of other faith observe Saturday as the day of rest. The modern Christian home is a much hap-pier home than the homes of the Puritans. It is a much more liberal home; it is nearer the throne; it is founded on sacred doctrines promulgated in the Bible; and it is a home that  will not be dictated to by cranks who wish to govern all other people, but who are not able to govern themselves. The resolution might equally as well have been framed against the ten commandments. It is not humane, it is not Christian, but it is of the Pharisaical spirit that was so severely condemned when the world was newer and intelligence and happiness did not so frequently draw the hearts of the people toward better life and preparation for rendering an ac-count for having read, good newspapers, breathed the fresh air, and enjoyed the blessed sunshine in the parks on Sunday. The Register believes in the Christian Sabbath as taught by the Bible, but not as interpreted by one-idea cranks, who have never been fully satisfied with the world, and will never be satisfied with heaven because they did not make it tfiemselves.ŠIowa State Register, November 17. Will They Be Humbugged? BARNUM used to say That no people in the world so much delighted in being humbugged as the Americans. He was in a position to know whereof he spoke, for he had tried it upon nearly all nations. The prophetic accuracy of the as-sertion will have been realized when the Ameri-can people allow themselves to be humbugged by the "American Sabbath" idea of the American Sabbath Union. Those who observe the seventh-day "Sabbath of the Lord" have Scripture proof that it was instituted at the close of creation, as a memorial of that event. Those Protestants who maintain the so-called "Christian Sabbath" on the first day of the week, claim tradition that it was instituted by Christ or his apostles at the res-urrection, in commemoration thereof; while the Catholics cite the authority of the church for the institution. But of this American Sabbath we have not even a pretended history, either of its origin or its object. We venture the prediction that if the American people allow such an ab-surdity to gain a legal foothold in the general government, they will find under the delusive mask nothing but the old papal-Puritan Sunday institution in all its pristine hideousness. And we will add a like prediction regarding that other seductive propositionŠ" a civil Sabbath "Šso innocently urged upon Californians by the same American Sabbath Union. "For ways that are dark, and tricks that are vain," these various Sunday-law dodges have no equal in this day and generation. Is It for the Workingmen? IP anyone doubts that the advocates of Sun-day law are actuated primarily, yea, almost solely, by a zeal to secure a day of rest for workingmen, let them read the following preamble and reso-lutions adopted not long since by a Methodist conference in Wisconsin. It is true that no men-tion is made of the " civil aspect of the day," and that it is treated as a wholly religious question, but this is easily accounted for by the fact that those who framed the resolutions had not been properly educated in American Sabbath Union tactics. The preamble and resolutions, which were adopted without debate,Ł are as follows :Š " We are pained to notice that there has been a growing disregard for its observance and sacredness, which we believe is largely occasioned by foreign im-migration, the avarice of large corporations, and the insatiable desire of the people for amusement and pleasure. " If something is not done immediately, we fear that a continental Sabbath, with all its evils, will be  the result. Its sacred observance is demanded by the laws of our land, and no law should be allowed to be broken with impunity, especially one which is so intimately connected with the well-being of our peo-ple. Thus the laws of our land, as well as the laws of God, are being violated by the publication of the Sun-day newspaper, the running of Sunday trains, Sunday excursions, picnics, base-ball games, opening of sa-loons and beer-gardens on the Lord's day, with many other things, which are only winked at by many of our city authorities, who are more desirous of re-election than they are to see our laws enforced. Fi-nally, it is a source of alarm to us that our govern-ment sets an example in violating the sanctity of the Sabbath by requiring that post-offices be opened for the delivery of mail, thus keeping an army of work-men from enjoying their God-given rights; therefore, Resolved, That, as ministers of this Conference, we will discountenance any violation of the sacredness of this day, by example as well as by precept, and we will aid to the extent of our ability all those who are striving to have righteous laws enacted for its proper observance, and who are also seeking to have these laws enforced which are already upon the statute. book. Resolved, That the publication of a Sunday news-paper is becoming a great factor in the destruction of the sacredness of this day, and that we will show our disapproval of this growing evil by neither reading nor advertising in those papers which publish a Sun-day edition. Resolved, That, as a church, we disapprove of the course of our government in requiring the distribution of the mail on the Sabbath-day, and that ive will do all in our power to have this evil removed. Resolved, That the open saloon and theater, picnics, excursions, and base-ball games, are violations of the sanctity of the Sabbath, and as such Christian people should be united in their efforts to have them re-moved from our midst. DANIEL DOUGHERTY, in his address at the Baltimore centennial, said that in colonial times "the only religious martyrs in America were Catholics. They were spurned, slandered, villi-fied, and Ł the highest honors of the republic denied them by a prejudice as strong as a con-stitutional enactment." It is true that the Puri-tan governors of Massachusetts, Belcher and Endicott, persecuted the Catholics, but the Puri-tans persecuted the Quakers even to the extent of hanging some of them. Anne Hutchinson and Mary Dyer were persecuted by the Puritans; Roger Williams was driven into exile, and Corey was pressed to death by the Puritans for refusing to testify. There was nothing done "to the Cath-olics in colonial days that was worse than these' cruelties. In later times a Catholic relig-ious asylum was burned by a mob in Charleston, Mass.Ša foul deed but not worse than the sack-ing of the home for colored children by the Cath-olic mob during the draft and riots of. 1863. The truth is that the bigotry, ignorance, and bru-tality in America have not been confined either to Protestant or Catholic circles. Abner Knee-land was mobbed and jailed in Boston for editing a deistical newspaper; Garrison was mobbed for publishing an anti-slavery journal. Both in Eu-rope and America bigotry, brutality, superstition, and ignorance have committed awful crimes, and neither the Protestant nor Catholic Church can show clean hands in this respect. Where power and opportunity have been present persecution has done its work in both churches.ŠOregonian. THE first aniversary of the American Sab-bath Union will be held in New York City from December 9 to 11. From its deliber-ations may be expected to go forth a grand raid on Congress for Sunday legislation, encouraged by the decision of the late Catholic congress at Baltimore to join anti-Catholics in the Sunday crusade. 