Vol 1 '''' Ł No t THE YOUNG MAN ..ems YOB men as A MONTHLY JOURNAL AND REVIEW W.1 DAWSON F. A. ATKINS 7 W E QIADSTONe CONTENTS FLEMING II. RESELL COMPANY : SAMPLE  COPIES  MAILED ON APPLICATION THE ANIE./;RIC_AN  143 The spasmodic efforts to enforce the prohibition occur at intervals which seem to follow a law of periodicity, and the number of dry and of wet Sundays is about the same from year to year. What a farce it all is! And why is it such a farce 2ŠBecause all concern( d take the hypocritical unction to their souls that it is the enforcement of Sunday observance; and there is not a drunkard less for it all; while Satan laughs on. SOME paragraphs in the last issue of THE SENTI-NEL narrated the attention which the United States Government gave to the observance of Good Fiiday. The Christian Statesman has discovered an ad-ditional item to be added to those previously noted. It says: " Our Government celebrated Good Fri-day as a Christian Nation, by paying $25,000 to Italy as a voluntary indemnity to be divided among the families of the lynched Italians of New Or-leans." Railroads, and other wicked corporations which carry on their business on Sunday, are ac-customed to pay about the same price for a life which the Government has here awarded; perhaps if these corporations would wait until Good Friday to make such payments the Statesman might dub them " Christian corporations." UNDER "Temperance Notes," the Christian Statesman, of April 16, has this paragraph:Š ANOTHER WAY.ŠThe National Reform Party will call a convention one day earlier than the Prohibition Party's convention, and will put in prohibition and woman suffrage, the admission of which would have united at St. Louis the reform forces of the country, and with an aggressive policy on economic questions will seek union with the Prohibition Party." So there is such a political party as the "National Reform Party." Let this proposed coalition be made, and there is no question but that not more than one presidential term would intervene before such a party would hold the balance of political power and dictate its own terms. This it would be perfectly ready to do, because it would be entirely conscienceless as to what interests it sacrificed so long as it gained its own ends; it would have no choice as to which political party it sold itself to, so long as it received unqualified pledges that its own policy of religious legislation and paternal rule should be carried out. IN a sketch of the Law and Order League, by its Secretary, L. Edwin Dudley, he states that snore than twelve hundred leagues have been organized in the United States and Canada, and others are be-ing formed almost daily. The first purpose of the League is said to be to battle with the liquor traffic, but it is acknowledged that Sunday closing comes next, and the League prides itself that through its instrumentality " Sunday has been rescued from a great part of the desecration Łwhich was uni-versal." This League, extended into an interna-tional organization, has for its president C. C. Bonney, of Chicago, who is also president and chief promoter of the World's Religious Congress to be held at the World's Fair, It does not require a prophet to put these things together and foretell what the result is likely to be. THE following is an editorial item from the World:Š It is said that in Chicago, while the Sabbatarians are working vigorously to secure the closing of the Exposition on Sundays, the saloon-keepers and proprietors of the Sunday pleasure resorts are, from shrewd calculations of interest, hoping that they may succeed. The view taken of the situation is that if Chicago is entertaining a hundred thousand or more of strangers bent on sight-seeing, and the great at-traction for sight-seers is closed on Sunday, the harvest will be reaped by the other attractions. The saloons in Chicago are closed as tightly on Sunday as those of New York or St. Louis, and it is as hard to get inŠby the front door. It is be-lieved that if the hundred thousand sight-seekers are excluded from the Exposition a large and prof-itable side-door and "summer-resort " business may be counted on. We do not know how accurate the Chicago sa-loon-keepers are in their forecast of the results of Sunday closing as applied to the Exposition, but there is no doubt that in some wav it would cause a great deal more Sabbath-breaking than it would prevent. The promoters of enforced Sunday closing ought to give this some thought, and then ask themselves whether it is really in the interest of civil order or of a false idea of the advancement of a religious ob- servance that they are working. American Sabbath Union Allies. SIOUX CITY, Iowa, has, from the time the pro-hibitory law went into effect, been a persistent and open violator of the same, and all effort to> sup-press the open saloon has met with little success. It will be recalled that 'it was at this point that Rev. Mr. Haddock met his tragic death at the hands of the liquor element in his endeavor to secure the enforcement of the law. In fact, Sioux has long been regarded as the most " rough and ready" city east of the "Rockies." The present mayor was elected largely on the pledge, or with the understanding that he would strictly enforce the prohibitory law, and during the short time he has been in the chair, nearly every open saloon has been closed, and especially on Sundays. In fact, the Sunday closing of the saloons is what the saloon men complain of the most, and as a retali-atory act, they, with their sympathizers, recently met and organized a "Rest-day League," fully officered, the avowed object being to enforce to the letter the Sunday law, and thus make it so obnox-ious that it will either be repealed, or, as in the past, become a dead letter. Of course this is clearly a case of malice aforethought, but they argue that what is " sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander," and with this idea in view, Sunday, the 17th of April, was set for the initial step, and it was taken in dead earnest. Armed with warrants they began serving them on the street cars, then on drug stores, peanut stands, and in fact almost every-where where there was a semblance of a violation of the law. When the work was fairly under headway, the news spread like wild-fire, and it is stated that Sioux City never saw such a crowd, unless it was during the Corn Palace, as assembled at Fourth and Jackson Streets, where most of the arrests of the car men were made. About one hundred arrests are reported. The arrested were in about every instance conducted to one justice court, where after giving bonds for future appearance, they were turned loose. Many paid their fines the fol-lowing day, but most of the cases were postponed. Of course, public sentiment is largely against the movement, and the papers denounce it in un-measured terms, but the prosecutors are not the least affected and aver that the "good work" will go on until Sioux City shall become the "model Sabbath-keeping city on the globe " ! It is their intention, and was openly expressed, to enforce the law against livery stables, stores, factories, newspaper offices, news stands, and every other kind of business conducted on Sunday. "Why," they say, " we can cinch' the persons who sing in the church choirs for salaries under our law, and we shall do it." The work, they say, is but only begun, and if we may judge of future efforts by the occurrence of last Sunday, lively and exciting times may be expected, which an interested public will watch closely. W. E. CORNELL. Des Moines, Iowa. THE crusade against the street cars in Sioux City Iowa, has met with a quietus. Judge Foley has decided that street cars are a necessity within the meaning of the statute. It must be remembered, however, that this crusade was inaugurated by saloon keepers, against whom the liquor laws had been enforced, and who declared that in turn they would see the Sunday laws enforced. When the Law and Order League and the American Sabbath Union undertake the enforcement of Sunday laws against street car lines, as in Toronto, we may expect to see this decision overruled. Religious Liberty. WE have been frequently solicited of late to open the columns of the Los Angeles Churchman to the appeals and efforts of the Sunday-law party, going under the name of the "American Sabbath Union." We wish it distinctly understood, and take this opportunity of saying, that we are of the opinion that the principles, methods, and end sought to be gained by the American Sabbath Union are un-christian, un-American, and illiberal, and we are therefore, not neutral on the question, but decidedly and actively opposed to Sunday laws, or any other religious laws, in the State of California or in the United States. We do not question the honesty, sincerity, devotion and zeal of those who are now so actively engaged in this Sunday-law campaign, but we 'believe it to be a "zeal without knowledge," which, should it be permitted to prevail, would work infinite harm both to our country and to the Christian faith. To further emphasize our opinions we print copious extracts from THE AMERICAN SENTINEL on this ques-tion, and would advise all persons who are thought-lessly, or otherwise, taking part in this movement, to pause and consider the other side of the ques-tion, as set forth by the National Religious Liberty Association, with offices in various parts of the country, of which THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is the organ. Write to 43 Bond St , New York, for a sample copy of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ŠLos Angeles Churchman. "The only paper of its kind in the world" THE MAGAZINE FOR YOUNG MEN "Young men are a power to-day in the church and the world, and a monthly that appeals directly to them can riot fail to find a wide constituency. The new periodical seems admirably adapted to fill an unoccupied niche."ŠChristian Intelligences. $1.00 PER YEAR SINGLE COPY W CIS  Cl)Q.  O O Ii 0 cC O-O 0 IL H (1) PUBLISHED BY FLEMING H. REVELL COMPANY, NEW YORE, SO UNION SQUARE, E. I CHICAGO, 148 & 1:)0 MADISON ST. IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS -BY J. M. HUTCHINS.- This book has been out but a short time, but it has attained a large sale. It is a book which sells to all classes of readers. As a work of art it surpasses anything of the kind which has ever before been attempted. The Yo Semite Valley is Ilow the leading attraction for tourists, and it is visited every year by thousands. It is one of the wonders of the world, and this work written by a nun who has lived so long amidst these scenes is one which all will be.eager to possess. IT IS A COMPLETE HISTORICAL AND DESCRIPTIVE SUMMARY OP THE GREAT VALLEY AND ITS MARVELOUS SURROUNDINGS.- A Book of Thrilling Interest. All who have seen the volume pronounce it the most Mensely interesting work published on the Pacific Coast. MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED ILLUSTRATIONS. Price, in Flexible Cloth, $1.50; Heavy ,Paper covers, $1.25. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. 