A.MERICAN SENTINEL. ,531 the new Sunday law ought to be enforced, pm:chased a pound of crackers of a fellow-citizen on the first day of the week for the express purpose of having him hauled into court. The seller was promptly acquitted. This is a further indication of the impracticability of the law; but the interest in the case lies in the conduct of the deacon. It never occurred to him, apparently, that his zeal had led him into an unneighborly and unchristian action, and that he who tempts a man to break the law is as much to blame as if he had broken it himself. But Sabbatarian enthusiasm plays the deuce with moral perceptions." t•  Ł -4 *4 War and the Duel. A DUEL is a combat between two individuals. War is a combat between two nations. It is a duel on a grand scale. In this country duelling is condemned. The individ-ual who engages in a duel is regarded as lacking in the essential elements of moral character. He is classed with the gambler and with those who yield to the control of vice and passion. Yet the same ones who thus condemn the individual duel defend the national duel as an entirely proper and even honorable proceeding. The vast major-ity of the church people take this course, and even go so far as to maintain military organizations in their own midst. And while they justify duelling between nations, they affirm that the combatants in such a case may be "Christian" nations. Such inconsistency is of course perceived in those na-tions of the Old World occupying' a lower plane of virtue than that on which this country assumes to stand; and they are not slow to point it. out. The following from the New York Journal, of August 25, sets the case before us upon its merits, and might be read with profit by sev-eral millions of our "Christian citizens":Š "If France and Italy had any wish to know what is thought in the United States of duelling they have been fully informed. The press of this great country has spoken copiously, with the set-to of Prince Henry and the Count of Turin for a text, and it is decided that the duel is nonsenseŠthat nothing could be more irrational than to endeavor to determine the merits of one question by settling the merits of another; that for the Count to prove himself a more successful swordsman than the Prince left as it 'was before the disputed point of Italian courage in Abyssinia. "This is true, as obviously true as that man is a fight-ing animal. But it is unfortunate that the philosophers of Italy and France can inquire with force whether if we are so convinced of the folly and essential savagery of the duel, we ought not to sink or sell our navy and dis-band our army. For, after all, what argument is there that tells against the duel which does not also bear with equal weight against war? What does war prove except the superior strength or courage of the victorious na- tion? The duel between individuals and the combat be-tween peoples are alike an appeal to forceŠthe last ar-bitrament, to which we still resort in common with the 'lower animals. "While every nation of Europe is armed to the teeth,  waiting like a Klondike miner with his hand on his pistol to repel any attempt to jump his claimŠwhile there are more soldiers in the civilized world than any other age ever sawŠit is rather queer to witness the duellist haled before the court of reason and required to listen to philo-sophical lectures delivered with a Quaker accent. "And the Italian or French defender of the practice of private war may express interest in the phenomenon of the survival in full strength of the spirit of the duellist among people who have abandoned the duel. In an in-dustrial community such as ours, where the theory is re-ceived that the law affords reparation for all wrongs, and that it is disreputable as well as foolish for individuals to fight, the peaceful citizens desire that their governmentŠwhich is themselves in the aggregateŠshould be guided not by Christian maxims of non-resistance to evil, but by the duellist's code. They wish their government to be sensitive upon the point of honor, to respond to rudeness by laying its hand upon its sword, and to resent an affront or avenge an injury precisely as the whiskered pandour and fierce huzzar would be expected to do by his duel-approving comrades. "It is all utterly unreasonable and perfectly human." Romanism in the United States Navy. SOME idea of the manner in which Romanism is in-trenching itself in this Government, may be gained from the following letter written by an officer on the U. S. battleship Oregon, to a Protestant minister, and pub-lished in the Herald and Presbyter, of August 25th (the names of the parties in the correspondence being sup-pressed, for politic reasons):Š "Dear Friend :ŠI will write you these few lines con-cerning a little incident which happened on board the United States ship Oregon, last Friday, to let you know how things are going in this grand United States navy. "Last Friday was, as you know, Good Friday, quite a day among the Catholics. Early Friday morning, just before breakfast, there was an order issued by the cap-tain that there would be no meat eaten by the crew or officers that day, which caused quite a bit of dissatisfac-tion among some of the men. But that was only a `starter.' About 10.30 A. M., a big, burly priest came on board ship, and the whole crew had to attend a meeting in the officers' quarters, where they had a great many large candles burning and a lot of other foolishness. All the officers, with the exception of two, were dressed in big robes of white. When the priest left the ship all the crew were lined up on the quarterdeck, and, as he went over the gangway, the captain gave the order to salute him, which they all did with the exception of thirty-four, myself among the thirty-four. And we were every one of us punished for not saluting the priest, under a charge of not obeying orders. "When I enlisted in the navy I did not think I was joining a Catholic institution, and I told the captain so, and he came near putting me in the brig (ship's prison) for saying it to him. Now that the officers know I am against the Catholics, I expect that they will make my life miserable the rest of my time on the Oregon, just be-cause I let them know I am an American. 