YORK, APRIL 16, 1896, 128 AUMLIMEt S7ONTINITILI VOL. 11, No. 16-. PR" Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL " need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. MESSRS. Burrill, Howe, and Simpson, the three Seventh-day Adventist ministers sen-tenced to jail at Chatham, Ont., for Sunday work, were at last accounts still at liberty. The costs must be paid by the prosecutors, and to send the "convicts" to prison would in-crease the expense. THE Pope has indorsed the petition put forth by his cardinals in America, England, and Ireland (noticed elsewhere in this issue), in behalf of the creation of a permanent tri-bunal of international arbitration. In con-sidering the significance of this action it need only be remembered that in whatever is done by the Pope and his cardinals, the first and foremost consideration is always the interests of the Catholic Church. These interests stand paramount in their minds to everything else. DON'T forget these beautiful spring days, that J. W. Lewis, an honest Christian man, is imprisoned at Tiptonville, Tenn., for no other offense than refusing to observe the statute-intrenched sabbath of his neighbors. And this in "free America," under a national constitution supposed to guarantee religious liberty, and under a State constitution which provides " that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no prefer-ence shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." As sophistical a National Reform argument (though not- so designed), as we have seen re-cently, runs thus When we speak of "the State" without any qualifi-cation expressed or implied, we do not refer to any particular State or form of government, but to earthly government, as distinct from the government of God. Neither do we mean law-makers and rulers alone, since they would be nothing without people under them. And since all the world is under some form or other of human government, the term, " the State," is really synonymous with "the world." The conclusion reached is that the relation of Christ and his Church to the State is iden-tical with Christ's relation to the world, namely, " one of salvation;" and then follow such texts as John 6:51; 2 Cor. 5:19; etc. The absurdity of the " argument " becomes apparent at once upon reading these texts, merely substituting the word " State " for " world," which is perfectly proper if they mean the same thing. Thus John 6:51 would read: " I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of  this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the State"! The new rendering of 2 Cor. 5:19 makes it equally ab-surd; thus: " God was in Christ, reconciling the State unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them [States, of course]; and hath committed unto us the ministry of rec-onciliation." In like manner John 3: 17 would read: "For God sent not his Son into the State to condemn the State; but that the State through him might be saved." It is thus that consistent " National Re-form" would distort the Scriptures in the interests of its Church and State propaganda, and thus would it justify its efforts to save the State by constitutional amendments, re-ligious statutes, Christian citizenship leagues, etc. " CAN a government be so framed and ad-ministered as not to infringe on somebody's rights of conscience?" asks the Christian Statesman, of February 22, last. The impli-cation is that it cannot; and this idea seems to be held by quite a large number of relig-ious people in this country. If these people would remember that both civil government and the rights of conscience are ordained of God, it might help them to arrive at a correct conclusion. God never instituted two things which were out of harmony with each other. He never instituted anything out of harmony with himself. Therefore he never-ordained any form of civil government which conflicts with the rights of conscience. " ARRANGEMENTS for the most remarkable religious conference ever held in the United States, have been practically made," says the Pittsburg Commercial Gazette, of the 6th inst. " Fifteen clergy and laymen of the Roman Catholic Church and the same number of Protestant ministers and laymen will shortly meet in Pittsburg for a friendly conference in regard to the obstacles which lie in the way of Christian union, and will formulate plans, if possible, for their removal." Prominent among the " Protestant" minis-ters interested in this movement is Rev. David McAllister, D. D., editor of the Christian Statesmin, and the very soul as it were, of the National Reform Association. We shall have more to say on the subject next week. THE following appeared in the New York World, of April 12:Š LITTLE Rocx, April 11.ŠChester Gordon and his wife, two intelligent and respectable citizens of Eagle Township, in this county, were convicted this week in the court presided over by Albert Desha, a justice of the peace, of sabbath breaking, and were fined $5 each. It was proved (and no attempt was made to deny the charge) that they are Adventists, and in accord-ance with the tenets of their faith, are accustomed to rest on Saturday, which they consider their Sabbath, and to labor on Sunday. They refused to pay the fines, although able to do so, and by order of the court were remanded to the  county jail, where they now are. Husband and wife were handcuffed together when brought into town by a deputy constable. The Sunday law of Arkansas provides as follows concerning persons in the State who observe another day of the week as the Sab- bath:Š SECTION 1886. Persons who are members of any religious society who observe as Sabbath any other day of the week than the Christian sabbath, or Sun-day, shall not be subject to the penalties of this act, so that they observe one day in seven, agreeable to the faith and practice of their church or society. We have received no information as yet from other sources concerning this case. SPEAKING of the Transvaal and its people, the late Rev. Josiah Tyler, D. D., a veteran South African missionary, recently said :Š Theoretically, the Transvaal is a republic; but prac-tically, an oligarchy. . . Officers of the Volksraad, or Senate and House of Representatives combined, must all belong to some Protestant church; but any one of sufficient ambition and no religion can easily adjust that matter. Of course; and this illustrates what the SENTINEL has been saying all along, in point-ing out the uselessness and the danger of po-litical obsequiousness to the Church. As things are now going in our own coun-try, it will not be long before the Church's stamp of approval will be a sine qua non of election to public office; but " any one of sufficient ambition and no religion can easily adjust that matter." Then Congress will be-come an assembly of unprincipled hypocrites; and then we shall have a glorious "Christian" nation! As appears from the article, " Jesus Christ in the Constitution," on page 125, the Inde-pendent, of this city, is opposed to the pro-posed religious amendment to the national Constitution. Our contemporary does not, however, suffi-ciently differentiate between the State and the people when it says: "The State is not Chris-tian because the organic law of the State ac-knowledges Christ; but the State is Christian if the citizens are such." In only a very limited sense is this true. A State is simply a gigantic business concern, organized for certain specific purposes. It can properly have no religious character what-ever. We do not speak of a bank as a Chris-tian bank because many of its stockholders are Christians; no more should we speak of a nation as Christian. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to 0,11e address, 1 year - 75e 25 and under 50 `p`" 1 " - 50e " 50 and under 100 " 44 " 1 66 55c  " 100 or more al l4 46 1 500  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 