AMERICAN SENTINEL. 377 A PROCLAMATION has been read in the camps of the United States troops calling attention to an order by the President directing that no Sunday work be done by the military forces except work of necessity. Has the Presi-dent forgotten about Manila? In view of what recently occurred there, it would seem very inopportune to over-look Sunday as a day suited to the successful prosecution of military operations. * * Tais proclamation, of course, reflects the Sunday-observance sentiment that is always seeking for recogni-tion in governmental affairs. It has for a precedent the proclamation issued during the civil war by President Lincoln, which enjoined "the orderly observance of the Sabbath by the officers and men in the military and naval service." This proclamation was issued November 16, 1862, and was followed in December by the disastrous battle of Fredericksburg, and by other misfortunes to the Federal arms which made the close of that year a time of marked depression and gloom throughout the North. If any attention was ever paid to these instruc-tions by the armies in the field, it has not become a mat-ter of history. But whether there was or not, it is cer-tain that this document contributed nothing to the suc-cess of the national cause. Buz,  on the first day of January, 1863, the President issued another proclamationŠnot a restrictive measure, but one of libertyŠthe Proclamation of Emancipation. The hand of the chief executive had at last touched the plague spot which had long been poisoning the body po-litic, and the beneficial effect was felt at once. When it was decreed that the image of God in man should no longer be degraded to the level of the brute creation, as a thing to be bought and sold, but that there should be "deliverance to the captives and the opening of the prison doors to them that were bound," the right chord was struck at last which gave forth the tones of vi.:tory. Al-most from that day success came to the Federal arms. In the early spring General Grant moved against Vicks-burg and before the middle of summer the fall of that stronghold and the decisive defeat at Gettysburg sounded the knell of the Confederate cause. * IT is a curious fact which this religious proclamation brings to view, that the Government should feel bound  to obey the fourth commandment, while it feels at liberty to break the sixth. If it is so essential to observe the one commandment, why is it not also essential to observe the other? The Government disregards the command-ment which says, "Thou shalt not kill." It is held, of course, that it is all right for governments to do this; it is wrong for individualsŠacting in a private capacityŠto kill; but in war the killing is held to be justified because done by the government. But if breaking the sixth com-mandment is justifiable because done by the government, why is not breaking the Sabbath also justifiable when done by the government? While neither of these com-mandsŠor any others of the moral lawŠare as we believe addressed to civil governments, this fact does not relieve the inconsistency of the Government's attitude in this matter. * PROHIBITIONS of Sunday work are wont to exempt "works of necessity and mercy." This is the usual pro-vision in the Sunday laws of the States. Now, since the war with Spain is, as we are told, a work of mercy in be-half of the suffering Cubans, who are doomed to starve while they wait, why should it not be considered proper to prosecute the war as vigorously on Sunday as on any other day of the week? If it be true that the war is one undertaken in the cause of suffering humanity, why is it not at all times a work of necessity and mercy? Is the President's proclamation to be taken as a denial of the necessity or mercy of this war? * * * ANOTHER curious thingŠwhich looks inconsistent to usŠabout the war is the fact that the Government holds an indictment against General Calixto Garcia, a promi-nent Cuban leader, for aiding the Cubans against Spain, while it is now actually joining hands with him in carry-ing on that very work. The troops of the Government, acting under the orders of men who represent the Gov-ernment, are cooperating with General Garcia's men in the attack on Santiago; and at the same time the Gov-ernment holds this same General Garcia to be a criminal, he having "jumped" bail after having been indicted as above stated. The judicial authorities of the Govern-ment have refused to quash the indictment against him, while at the same time the military authorities of the Government are cooperating with him, and that in the very work for which he is held under the indictment. To comprehend the ethics of such matters is beyond our power. We can only fall back upon saying that "all is fair in love and war." * THERE is a popular belief that the command "Thou shalt not kill," does not apply to the case of the man who goes to war. Seeing this view set forth in a recent letter from a correspondent, we `fell to pondering the question as to which act is really the worseŠto kill your 