AMERICAN SENTINEL. 221 bands or societies pledged themselves to live lives of pu-rity and abstenanee, and to fight if need be, for their cause. After many years these knights became immensely rich, and lived very luxurious and wicked lives, in spite of their solemn vow. So Philip IV. determined to male this an excuse for destroying them, and himself appro-priating at least a large share of the plunder. This is the wicked scheme which he divulged to Pope Clement. "Next week I would like Will Barnaby to find out as much as he can, by reading, etc., about the way Philip managed to bring about his cruel purpose, and tell us all he has learned." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. Prescription for Fits. For a Fit of Passion.ŠWalk out in the open air. You may speak your mind to the winds without hurting anyone, or proclaiming yourself to be a simpleton. "Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry, for anger resteth in the bosom of fools." For a Fit of Idleness.ŠCount the tickings of a clock. Do this for one hour, and you will be glad to pull off your coat the next and work like a man. "Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep, and an idle soul shall suffer hunger." For a Fit of Extravagance and Folly.ŠGo to the workhouse, or speak with the ragged and wretched in-mates of a jail, and you will be convinced " Who makes his bed of briar and thorn Must be content to lie forlorn." "Wherefore do ye spend money for that which is not bread? and your labor for that which satisfieth not?" For a Fit of Ambition.ŠGo to the churchyard and read the gravestones. They will tell you the end of man at his best estate. "For what is your life? It is even a vapor that appearelh for a little time, and then vanisheth away." "Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall." For a Fit of Repining.ŠLook about for the halt and the blind, and visit the bed-ridden, the afflicted and the deranged; they will make you ashamed of complaining of your light afflictions. "Wherefore doth a living man complain?" For a Fit of Envy.ŠGo and see how many who keep their carriages are afflicted with rheumatism, gout, and dropsy; how many walk abroad on crutches, or stay at home wrapped up in flannel; and how many are subject to epilepsy and apoplexy. "A sound heart is the life of the flesh. Envy is the rottenness of the bones."ŠSe./. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Imported German Bibles. Dr. Martin Luther's Translation. E have imported direct from Germany a select line of fine minion Reference German Bibles which we offer at the following prices postpaid:Š No. Price 60 Cloth, plain edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  $ .75 62 Russia, gilt edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  1.50 64 Arctic Seal, Orient paper lined, divinity cir- cuit, gold edges, Stuttgart print, size 4%x 63/4x1X inches, thin paper, 10 pages of Helps and eight maps,  2.30 66 German Morocco, gold edges, divinity cir- cuit, leather lined to edge, Elberfeld print, size 5x8xl3inches. Five pages extra mat- ter and six maps,  3.50 FOR SALE. A Columbia bicycle for sale, cheap, in good condition. For particulars and price, address A. Mallett, 39 Bond Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ixdividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingl* opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OP TES International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00 Six months, Three " .2t  ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 