THE .A.IVIERICAN SENTINEL,. 187 No person who denies the being of, God or a future state of rewards and punishments shall hold any office in the civil departments of State. 4,3v. person who shall after the adoption of this Constitution, fight ,a duel, etc. . Sir, these disqualifications are ' very different from What' the statement of the gentleman from Idaho :would lead one to suppose. . . Surely the gentleman cannot object to that clause of our Con-stitution which excludes from civil office the infidel who denies the existence of a God! How, forsooth, could Such a person take an oath to support the Con-stitution ? Upon whom would or could he call to witness the solemnity of his obligation ? He could not Swear by the earth; for it is -God's-footstool. Ile could not swear by any .created thing, for it, is less than the Creator, whose very existence "he denies. . . . BlAt, sir, Tennessee does not .stand alone among the States in excluding certain persons from the right to vote , and hold. office. On the contrary, she has fewer restrictions of this sort than almost any other, State. As. :the. gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Stewart) alluded to my. State, let me read from the Vermont Constitution, chapter 2, section 12, which says each member of the Legislature before taking his seat shall make and subscribe to the following declara-tion :-ti << You do' believe in one God, the Creator and Governor of the universe, the rewarder of the good, the Punisher of the wicked ; and Ton do acknowl-.edge the scriptures of the Old and New Testament ' to be given by diVine inspiration, and own and pro-feAs ‚the Protestant religion." This prohibits, if enforced, a Roman Catholic froM becoming. a member of the Legislature of the State '=of Vermont, and certainly excludes every infidel. I will not consume time by reading from the constitutions of all the States. . . . I-  have cited these cases to show that Tennessee has .done nothing cruel, unjust, unusual, or con-trary to the spirit of a free and enlightened govern-Ment when,she placed a few restrictions around the right to vote and hold office, but on the contrary she has not gone to any such length as have the Statei which those who criticise her represent. The congressman from Tennessee is in errer as regards his quotation from the Vermont Constitution, for the clause -Which he quotes is to be found in the Constitution of 1786, but is omitted in the Conatitution of 1793 now in force. How-ever there are other provisions remaining which are, in almost equal measure, out of harmony with the true principles of civil government. But the remarkable fact remains that after a century has elapsed -for the devel-opment of the principles enunciated by' Thoinas JeffersOn and his compatriots in the establishment of thiS Government, such views should be expressed unchal-lenged in the Congress of the United State's; and the fundamental law of all the States be called to witness to their pt.opriety and soundness. Such incidents as this would argue it not amiss for our legislators to withdraw occasionally from the consideration of naval and military appropriations' and tariff making, tcy the study of the primary prineiples of -civil governthent; as found in the act .for establishing religious free-dom adopted by the Legislature of -Vir-ginia in 1785. The following portion of that act would be of special value in such an exercise:Š That our civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions, any more than on our opinions in physic and geometry ; that therefore the proscrib-ing any citizen as unworthy of the public confi-dence, by laying upon him an' incapacity of being called to offices of trust and emolument unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages to which, in common with his fellow-citizens, he has a natural right, etc. This act also provides that opinions and professions in matters of religion shall in nowise diminish, enlarge or affect civil capacities. When in the discussion of a question of disfranchisement for a civil crime, such opinion as to what falls within the proper sphere of legislative cognizance are ex-pressed, and things civil and things relig-ious so inextricably commingled, there is, evidently, a wider field for civil service reform than has yet been dreamed of. W. H. M. The Contest in Wisconsin and Illinois. As Judge Prendergast had something to do in assisting the Board of Education of Chicago to frame educational bills to be presented to the Illinois Legislature in 1889; and as the Illinois educational law and the Wisconsin law are both now the subject of great discussion, the Chicago Herald requested the Judge to prepare a review of the whole subject, embracing both laws. He did so, and the review was printed in the Herald of May 27. For the benefit of the readers of THE SENTINEL, we shall reprint the material part of the article. It will make two in-stallments, the second of which will be a history of both the Illinois law and the Bennett law. We think the propositions set forth in the part here printed will bear the test of all fair criticism. Judge Pren- dergast says : Š A brief review of recent statutes of the States of Illinois and Wisconsin concerning education is undertaken at the request of the Chicago Herald, and from a belief that by reason of grave misunderstanding as to the provisions and effects of both these laws, good citizens, who have in common the laudable purpose of educat-ing youth and forming individual charac-ter, are moving, if they have not already moved, into opposing lines. The rights of parents and of the State are already so well defined by decisions of the highest judicial tribunals of both States, that it ought not to be difficult to compose the present dispute without draw-ing into the arena of politics, questions so fundamental and yet so easy of misrepre-sentation. It is wholly foreign to this statement to discuss the relative merits of the public and of the private, or denomi-national, school methods of instruction. To precipitate such a topic into the dis- cussion of the relation from the general legal standpoint of the parent and the State to the education of children, would be to introduce a factor not at all relevant. The statutes mentioned are laws, and undertake to treat of and enforce rights which, in the legislative judgment, reside in different subjects, i. e., the parent and the State, and shall be considered with reference to their bearings upon legal rights. I venture to say that the opposi-tion to the so-called Bennett law of. Wis- consin is directed against what that law is believed to be rather than against what it is, and further, that those who approve unqualifiedly the Illinois statute do so without accurate knowledge of the real ground of complaint against it. Denun-ciation of those who oppose both these statutes proceeds on the assumption that they are enemies of popular education and of the public school, and that they deny to the State its just share of authority in the field of education. This view would seem not to be grounded on fact. The Bennett law has been generally published and understood to be a copy of the Illinois law. Beyond the fact that both treat of education, there is but little similarity between them. The Bennett law, while open to some objections, is yet replete with provisions recognizing and guarding parental rights, and at the same time it accords to the State recognition of its proper function. [From a careful study of the Bennett law, we are sure the Judge need not be so tender of it as he here seems to be. It is scarcely less viola-tive of rights than is the Illinois statute. ŠEDITOR SENTINEL.] And in these re-spects it differs essentially from the Illi-nois act, which, as to some of its provis-ions, is violative of rights heretofore con-sidered inviolable. Before examining these acts and the history of them, it may be well to consider a few general principles, so as to find, if possible, a common ground upon which fair - minded men may stand, and which are conformable to law. Cannot agree-ment be had to the following proposi-tions ? 1. To determine and direct the educa-tion of the child is a natural right of the parent. 2. There arises out of this parental right the duty to provide education. 3. When one who, by natural or human law, owes a duty to another, fails to per-form that duty, the State can (a) enjoin or compel performance, (b) punish for non - performance, (c) supply the lack where, to the injury of society, non-per-formance is wrongfully persisted in. 4. The citizen is a partner in the sover-eign power and a partaker in its 'activities, hence the aggregate of citizens may re-quire that those who are to exercise func-tions of citizenship be fitted to their proper discharge. 5. Compulsory education, in the sense 