 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD.''  Vol. 10. No. 49. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 12, 1895. Price, 3 cents.    American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. THE RUIN OF THE STATE. WE considered last week the inevitable out-come of the movement now in progress in our land to unite religion, as represented by reli-gious organizations, with politics, as affecting the interests of the Church. It was shown that that outcome must be the ruin of the Church. If we consider its bearing upon the State, we shall find it to be equally fraught with ruin. When the Church becomes a political power, and when by her immense influence and her vote she shall dictate what men shall be chosen to positions of representative office, and what legislation shall be passed in the " interests of morality and religion," then will this Govern-ment have ceased to be " a government of the people, by the people, and for the people," and will have become a religious despotism not different in kind from any of those which were the scourges of mankind during the Dark Ages. Honesty in public office is a prime requisite of good government; but when hypocritical men fill the Church and pose as moral reform-ers to secure her aid for the furtherance of their ambitions, then will official integrity, none too prevalent under the best conditions, rapidly disappear from our land. The tre-mendous power of the Church will appeal ir-resistibly to unprincipled seekers for official trust, and greatly stimulate the flow of hu-man depravity through the channels of public life. But that which will most surely work the ruin of the State, is the stifling of human lib-erty which must result from such an alliance with the Church. For the very purpose of the Church in seeking to control the State power is to put down all opposition to herself. Of course, she does this for the " benefit " of mankind, but history furnishes many a terri-rible warning against the kind of " ben( it "  to be derived in that way. The aims and motives of the church leaders in this matter may be very good, but all history plainly shows that no church can with safety to hu- Ł man liberty be entrusted with civil power. Considering the frailty and the limitations of our nature, it is evident that the most pious and upright man upon the earth to-day could not safely be entrusted with secular power to pro-mote the religious welfare of his fellows, even were it possible, and in harmony with the divine plan, that Christianity should be estab-lished in the earth by force. It was, seemingly, a very good and pious motive which moved Augustine, in the earlier days of the Church, to inaugurate that which resulted directly in the establishment of the Inquisition. That motive he himself stated, with his justification of the same, thus:Š It is, indeed, better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neglected. . . . Many must often be brought back to the Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering, before they attain the highest grade of religious de-velopment.' Of this the Church historian, Neander, says:Š It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was pro-posed and founded, which . . . contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and persecution, which ended in the tri-bunals of the Inquisition.5  And still in the minds of many men to-day there exists this baleful " germ " within which, like the oak in the acorn, is contained the " whole system " of that hellish institution of the Middle Ages. It only waits for conditions favorable to its growth, and these will be sup-plied as soon as the religious and civil powers shall have come to an agreement. The idea that the civil law, with its pains and penal-ties, while not the best means of leading sinners to righteousness, is still a method not to be neglected, has a large following in this nineteenth century and in these United States. Religion affects human nature at its foun-tain head. It touches the most deeply-lying -springs of desire and emotion. Let it be Schaff, " History of the Christian Church," Vol. 3, sec. 27, par. 12. 2  " Hi tort' of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. 2, 2. 41V. 1, last par. sought to dominate these by force, and human nature is roused to its utmost, and becomes imbued with the spirit of the martyrs. On the other hand, let the bigot become conscious that civil power reposes in his hands for the propagation of morality, and the temptation to use it to enforce his own religious belief upon others, is too great for him to resist. The fervent Roman Catholic who would care but little about the succession of earthly rulers or any possible variations within the sphere of civil or political affairs, considered by themselves, would give his life to 'see the world become Catholic; and the same might be said of the Methodist, or Presbyterian, or Baptist of our own land. Men will endure more and attempt more in the cause of their religion, than in any other. All history testifies that this is so. Men will recognize the propriety of human laws to regulate the outward conduct of in-dividuals, so far as may be necessary for the preservation of their common rights; they will sustain such laws and such government, and only the anarchist and the vicious person will plot against them. But when it is known that the machinery of the civil power has been placed at the disposal of the highest or most powerful bidder in the religious world, and when the religious organizations shall be grasping for that power and employing such portions of it as they can command against those they desire to suppress, then will there be plotting and sedition, confusion and strife, upon every side. And then will human lib-erty cease to find stable support in earthly government, and become again the plaything of chance. This nation has been greatly prospered in her short but imposing career as the champion of civil and religious freedom. The eyes of the world have been upon her land as a place of refuge and rest for the oppressed of other lands. And when she shall withdraw those guarantees of liberty which have drawn all nations to her shores, and shall take the lead in the work of oppression, the cause of liberty will be given a wound from which it will not recover. By exchanging her civil power with the Church for the latter's spiritual power, by making an alliance with the forces of religion as represented by the predominant bodies of Christendom, this nation will proceed upon 