JANUARY 9,, 1896. .A_NIEIEJELICA_INT 11 This is practically what we have been telling our author, and everybody else for years about the Sunday movement; that Christ and his apostles knew nothing of it; that the early church never kept Sunday; that it a] ways rested upon no better authority than the edict of Constantine and the decrees of a fallen church; and that the idea of compelling its observance as the sabbath, is of very modern origin in-deed. Now, Mr. Crafts acknowledges this himself. The demand that everybody shall observe Sunday as the " Christian sabbath," is only a nineteenth-century development, saving, of course, the Puritan theocracy in New England in the seventeenth century. The Puritans were something more than two centuries in advance of our author in the matter of enforced Sunday-keeping. But no matter; Mr. Crafts is quite right: it is a modern discoveryŠcertainly much more mod-ern than the sacred Scriptures; which accounts fully and satisfactorily for the fact that it is nowhere mentioned in the writings of apos-tles, prophets, or evangelists. But notwithstanding the modern origin of these "reforms," our author sharply ar-raigns the whole of the modern church for failure to give them financial support. He says:Š Not one of the large denominations, so far as we know, recognizes any of the social reforms as a part of Christianity in its official schedules of benevolence. How the efficacy of other church collections is de-creased by lack of adequate church support of social reforms, for example, sabbath observance! Offerings for church erection and ministerial education and home missions are of value in proportion as the people are on the sabbath free to attend the churches thus erected and hear the preachers thus educated and supported. Mr. Puddefoot, the well-known home missionary secretary, informs me that there are in the frontier towns home missionary churches where the only man in attendance on sabbath morning is the preacher; churches where the com-munion has to be postponed from sabbath morn-ing until evening, " because the deacons ale all down in the mines." Surely, if only to increase the effi-ciency of other church benevolences, there ought to be in every church table of collections a column for sabbath reform.'' Our author would, with his so-called sab-bath reform, very soon change all this, for he would by civil law compel those deacons to remain out of the mines on Sunday; would prohibit Sunday papers, close places of Sun-day amusement, and m tke the day everywhere so uninteresting that the deacons and every-body else would gladly resort to the churches. Then would the people not only receive the instruction supplied by collections taken else-where for the support of frontier churches, but such churches would themselves have larger collections, for there would be more persons present to give. This is certainly " practical sociology," even though it be not Christian. Then, too, with the Sunday laws of all the States put in proper working order and ener-getically enforced, as would be the case if our author was well supplied with collections, it would be so much easier to enforce church discipline. The worldly-minded deacons who not having the fear of the minister before their eyes go into the mines on Sunday instead of to the communion, could be persuaded by the terrors of the civil lawŠby fines or by imprisonment, if need beŠto go to the com-munion on Sunday morning instead of to the mines. And though at first they might real-ize that it was not their choice, that they would prefer the mines and the wages there earned, they would by and by come to imagine it a matter of their own choice, and then if not before, would they be devout observers of the so-called Christian sabbath; and all owing 4  "Practical Christian Sociology," p. 94. to the collections for so-called sabbath reform! Yes, the scheme is practical; very practicalŠbut is it Christian? But how about the spiritual life of the churches whose pews and collection boxes must be filled by means of Sunday laws? The words of our author himself, though not so designed, are well adapted to answer this ques-tion. He says :Š Christians have mostly ceased from hating each other for microscopic differences of doctrine, but Christian love seldom goes beyond its own church walls, and does not always go beyond its own hired pew. General society is, of course, more Christianized, and the quantity of Christian sociology is much greater, but the quality of it inside the church, we fear, has not improved. The heathen are not audibly exclaiming to-day, "See bow these Christians love each other!" They, and the Christians also, are rather pointing to "the flagitious anarchy," the " Hadesian theology " of our sectarian conflicts, and to the well-defined Christian castes that radiate from the central high-priced pew of Deacon Dives to the inferior pews of Demas and Lazarus; the one next the pulpit and the other next to the door. Not thus were the Christian slaves and " the saints of Cresar's household " separated in the early church. There were no class churches. Christian brotherhood was not as often to day so nominal that in the words of Prof. Ely, one would rather be a second cousin by blood than a "brother," in the general sense, even to a Christian.' These facts answer the question as to the spiritual condition of the churches. " He that loveth not knoweth not God." e"For he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?"' According to our author's own representa-tion, the church is lacking in Christian love, and is therefore without the true knowledge of God. And this is the reason why there is so much seeking after the power of organiza-tion and the power of the State. The very federations and confederacies for which Mr. Crafts is laboring are only so many efforts to supply by numbers the lack of power in the church; but the Word of the Lord is, " Say ye not, A confederacy to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread." UTAH AS A STATE. IN view of the admission of Utah into the union of States, the following from a Newton, Kansas, correspondent of the New York Sun, printed in its issue of Dec. 29, is worth the attention of the American people:Š Bishop Richard W. Hart, of the Mormon Church, who has relatives in this city, has been visiting among them for a few days. He was a member of the last Territorial Legislature. He belongs to the "Order of Melchesedee,' from which all bishops of the Church of the Latter Day Saints must graduate, and therefore knows something of the plans of his church for the future. Bishop Hart is on his way to the missionary field of Georgia, where his church has been at work for some time, and where the efforts at recruiting for the Mormon faith have met with better success than in any other field in this country. To the correspondent of the Sun Bishop Hart talked very freely about the situation in Utah. The population of Utah contains five Mormons to one Gentile, while in thirteen of the twenty one counties there is not an official not of the Mormon faith. He declared that the belief that the church had abandoned all efforts to control the pol-itics of the new State was a great mistake. " Whether Democrat or Republican," said the bishop, "there will not be a State officer of other than OUT faith, either elective or appointive, unleSs the church so will it. There is not a district judge who can escape his responsibility to the Latter Day Saints, and with two exceptions there will not be a sheriff in Utah who is not of our selection." After reference to the manner in which the church 6  "Practical Christian Sociology," p. 34. 1 John 4:8. 7  1 Jain 4: 20. o Isa. 8:12, 13. will secure control of all the industries, such as water supplies and irrigation systems, which would be given back to " the people for whom God intended them," he touched on the subject of plural marriages. He said that through divine command President Wood-ruff had suspended the ordinance, but it had not been repealed. He said This subject of plural marriages is very much mis-understood. Not more than fifteen per cent. of our people have more than one wife. As a man prospers the church admonishes him to take additional wives according to his prosperity, and he obeys as a religious duty, always with the advice and full consent of his first wife. In Statehood, when we are free from Fed-eral interference, the Temple will witness the solemni-zation of the marriage rites that have been suspended, as the penitentiary will no longer be filled with men for obeying God's law." At the close of the interview the bishop said :Š " Yes, this ceremonial will be resumed ; in fact, it has never been entirely suspended. I have three wives, all of whom love me. And they have per-suaded me to seal another on my return next August, which I shall do." Now that Utah has become a State, the only way Congress can deal with polygamy within its borders is by an amendment to the na-tional Constitution. Thus the possibility of an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, touching a question claimed to be one of religious belief and practice, is by no means remote. While poll gamy should be dealt with solely as a practice subversive of human rights, it has in the past been treated as a thing to be suppressed on account of its immorality; and if again made a subject of legislation, in the form of a constitutional amendment, will doubtless be considered on moral grounds. Hence should such an amend-ment come, it is likely to involve other issues besides the suppression of polygamy. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND THE SALOON. WE are indebted to the Rev. A. P. Doyle, Secretary of the Catholic Total Abstinence Union, for the latest presentation of the atti-tude of the Catholic Church towards the saloon. " Father " Doyle was one of the chief speakers at a large mass meeting held in Carnegie Music Hall, New York, Dec. 16, to create sentiment in favor of New York's Sun-day " law ;" and on that occasion, as reported in the New York Christian Advocate, he " made an address clear in statement and stir- ring in manner, declaring that he was there with the approval of Archbishop Corrigan, and in harmony with the legislation of the Catholic Church, enacted some years ago, and reaffirmed but a month agoŠemphasizing the statement that it was since the election, at a recent synod held in this city." He then trans-lated from the Latin the legislation referred to, as follows:Š Since such very great scandals arise from the abuse of intoxicating drink, we exhort pastors, for the love of God, to use every zeal to extirpate this vice of in-temperance. In order to accomplish this end let them frequently warn liquor-sellers never to give any drink to minors or to drunkards, and let them frequently warn them also to keep their stores closed on Sunday. ŠDe Zelo Animarum. Again Let the observance of the Lord's day be frequently commended. . . . And especially with fervent zeal let them prevent the opening of saloons on Sunday, and also the frequentation of the same on that day, because from this very custom so many evils arise. be Zelo Animarum. It is thus perfectly clear that the attitude of the papal church is not one of hostility to the saloon itself, but toward the intemperance which the saloon creates. She would have liquor-dealers take care to refrain from selling intoxicants to minors or to drunkards; but the liquor-seller might comply with this re-quirement, and still do a flourishing business. 