MV AMMRICAN SVNTINVT, 20 the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship." This title was afterwards changed to read, " A bill to secure to the people the priv-ileges of rest and of religious worship, free from disturbance by others, on the first day of the week." The six sections of the bill constituted a national Sunday law, complete in all its specifications, for-bidding all Sunday labor, and amuse-ments, in territory subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States; the carrying and delivery of mails, inter-state commerce, all military and naval drills in time of peace; and providing that when payment had been made for Sunday serv-ices rendered it might be "recovered back" by the person first suing for it. This measure would naturally follow in logical order the proposed constitutional amendment. That would have forbidden the States to establish religions independ-ently, and by providing for the national teaching of religion, would of course necessitate the defining and establishing of a national religion to be taught. The national Sunday law would then have been a statute under the Constitution as amended. It would have been the first religious law enacted under a national religion. It would have been a consistent means by which to have begun the active enforcement of the tenets of the national religion which the amendment would have incorporated into the Constitution. But the national religion of the United States was not to be so established, nor its en- forcement so begun. The bill to create a national Sunday law never was reported from the committee to which it was re-ferred and died with the close of the sena-torial career of Mr. Blair. SUNDAY BILL FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. January 6, 1890, Mr. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, introduced into the House of Representatives " A bill to prevent per-sons from being forced to labor on Sun-day." This bill enacted :Š That it shall be unlawful for any person or cor-poration, or employee of any person or corporation, in the District of Columbia, to perform any secular labor or business, or cause the same to be per-formed by any person in their employment, on Sun-day, except works of necessity or mercy; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to re-ceive pay for labor or services performed or ren-dered in violation of this act. Any person or corporation, or employee of any person or corporation, in the District of Columbia, who shall violate the provisions of this get, shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than one hundred dollars for every such offense : Provided, however, that the provisions of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscientiously believe in and ob-serve any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest. The purpose of this was to commit Con- gress,in local legislation for the District of Columbia, to the general principles of legislation upon religion and the enact-ment of law for the enforcement of Sun-day observance. Could the passage of this bill have been secured, the way would have been opened for the bill to secure national Sunday observance, as the only difference between the two would have been in the extent of their application. This bill was referred to the House Com-mittee on the District of Columbia, and has never been reported from that com-mittee. SUNDAY ICE BILL FOR THE DISTRICT. , The failure to secure a general Sunday  law for the District of Columbia led to the presentation of a bill of still more re- stricted application but precisely the same in principle. April 25, 1892, Mr. McMil- lan, of Michigan, in the Senate, and Mr. Hemphill, of South Carolina, in the House introduced this bill, by request :Š A bill prohibiting the delivery and sale of ice within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled: That from and after the passage of this act it shall be unlawful to sell or deliver ice in any quan-tity or quantities, by means of wagons or other vehicles, on the public streets or thoroughfares or at depots or offices within the District of Columbia, on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday. Sec. 2. That any person or corporation violating the provisions of this act shall be liable to a pen-alty of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than fifty dollars for each offense upon conviction in the police court of the District of Columbia. Sec. 3. That all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. This varies from the Sunday bill for the District,Š" To prevent persons from being forced to labor,"Šin no way except that while the other is an attempt to secure a sweeping Sunday law to include all forms of labor, this specifies but one, but its passage would pave the way for other special enactments, until, at length, the full scope of the general act would be reached. This bill met the approval of the District Committees of both Houses, and was reported to the House and passed. Before passage, the word " pro-hibiting" in the title was amended to read, " regulating ; " and the insertion of the words, " except between the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock antemeridian and 5 and 6 o'clock postmeridian," was made after the expression, " commonly known as Sun-day." This was the first instance, in the legislative history of the United States, in which either house of Congress ever intelligently and deliberately legislated upon a religious question. In this case, too, it is to be neticed, and remembered, that the House of Representatives pre-sumes to decide authoritatively, so far as the wording and spirit of the bill can go, that Sunday is " the Sabbath." This bill has not yet been reported to the Senate. TO PROHIBIT SUNDAY OPENING OF EXPOSITIONS. No sooner had the holding of the great Exposition, commemorative of the dis-covery of America by Columbus, been de-termined upon, than it was immediately seen that here was an opportunity to fur-ther the cause of Sunday observance by congressional legislation. Mr. Morse, a representative from Massachusetts, and Mr. Dawes, a senator from the same State, introduced in the House and the Senate, respectively, the following :Š A bill to prohibit the opening of any exhibition or exposition on Sunday where appropriations of the United States are expended, Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled: That no exhibition or exposition for which ap-propriation is made by Congress shall be opened on Sunday. Sec. 2. That any violation of this act shall be punishable by a fine of not less than one hundred dollars nor more than one thousand dollars for every violation of the foregoing act. This bill was referred to the committees on the World's Fair, of both Senate and House, and strenuously advocated before them ; several hearings being granted on the matter by both committees. It was soon seen, however, by the advocates of  congressional legislation upon Sunday observance that the terms of this bill were too general, and that it covered so much as to be in danger of failure from that fact. Their demand was therefore reduced to the very least compatible with the attainment of their purpose. It was determined to attain Sunday closing of the World's Fair and the committal of Congress to legislation upon religion by an indirection. PROVISO CONDITIONING APPROPRIATIONS ON SUNDAY CLOSING. The insertion of the appropriation for the World's Fair as a clause in the Sundry Civil Appropriation bill was decided upon. There was a purpose in this,Šfor, once passed, with whatever provisos might be attached, being incorporated into the bill providing for the running expenses of the Government, it must stand with the entire bill. However, on May 25, in the House of Representatives, Mr. John-stone, of South Carolina, precipitated the discussion of the Sunday closing question, by offering an amendment to the clause of the Sundry Civil bill, then under con-sideration, appropriating funds for the Government exhibit, as follows :Š Provided, That no part of the amount hereby appropriated shall be available unless the doors of the Exposition shall be closed on Sunday. This would have made the Sunday clos-ing of the entire Exposition a condition precedent to the making of an individual exhibit by the general Government. After two days of the most boisterous and ex-cited scenes witnessed during this session of Congress another provision was substi-tuted for this and passed, as follows :Š Provided, that the Government exhibits at the World's Columbian Exposition shall not be opened to the public on Sundays. This was carried by a vote of 131 to 36. In this the House of Representatives com-mitted itself, a second time, to an ac- knowledged act of religious legislation, and by a vote of almost four to one. THE SENATE CONDITIONS THE ENTIRE AP-PROPRIATION ON SUNDAY CLOSING. When, in the Senate, an amendment to the Sundry Civil bill, appropriating five millions of dollars for the World's Fair, was offered, Mr. Quay, of Pennslyvania, moved to inert a Sunday closing pro-vision in language and manner worthy of note; and to be remembered as the real initial step in the general enforcement of religion by the Government of the United States, in pursuance of the decision of the Supreme Court that this is a religious and a Christian Nation. The Congressional Record reads thus :Š MR. QUAY. On page 122, line 13, after the word " act," I move to insert: And that provision has been 'made by the proper authority for the closing  of the Exposition on the Sabbath day. The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be read. The secretary will have the kind-ness to read from the Book of Law I send to the desk, the part enclosed in brackets. The VICE-PRESIDENT. The part indicated will be read. The secretary-read as follows:-- Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. The discussion which followed upon this amendment deserves well to rank among the debates in the great religious councils of the fourth century. It was 