AMERICAN SENTINEL. 473 or from any other place to reincarnate his earthly body. If the soul is naturally immortal, furthermore, it must always have existed somewhere; yet nobody ever lived whose recollections extended back beyond the time of his birth. Taus reason and the testimony of facts stamp this doctrine as both false and absurd; and the plain testi-mony of revelation also is, "The dead know not any-thing." Eccl. 9:5. See also Job 14:10-12; Ps. 146:3, 4; Isa. 8:19. Tms Spiritualist doctrine of continued life and con-sciousness and higher knowledge after death, is a cen-tral pillar in the structure of the papacy, and thus it is evident that despite the professed antagonism between the trio, Spiritualism and the papal religion are closely related. It is the vital doctrine in both. And as the papal religion also stands for a union of church and state, it is plain that these two doctrines are neither strangers nor enemies. That this fact will appear even more plainly in the near future, we fully believe. THE Central Federated Union of this city has taken action against Sunday work. It being noticed that Sunday work was being done on several school buildings in process of erection, a committee of the union called on the Police Board to request that such work be stopped. They were told that it was not in the prov-ince of the Police Board to act in the matter, but that they might see a magistrate and get out warrants. FOLLOWING the outcry against Sunday papers in England's metropolis, by which that innovation was suppressed, a movement has been started to enforce an old act of King George IV., which prohibited baking bread on Sunday. Report says the question has been taken up by parliament, and that the Prince of Wales "no longer permits hot rolls to be served at Marl-borough House on Sunday morning as has hitherto been the custom." An exchange remarks that "this is large and comprehensive statesmanship!" THE State of Iowa has fixed the price of sermons deŁ livered in the State institutions at $3 each. Some of the clergy say this price is too little, and at Marshall-town, where several such institutions are located, they have organized for the purpose of enforcing a demand of $5 per sermon. Governor Larrabee and other members of the Board of Control, it is reported, declare that they will do the preaching at such places themselves rather than accede to the clergymen's demand. A bill has been passed in Michigan which makes it a crime for an individual to teach the doctrine of polygamy in that State. Efforts made by the clergy of Fort Wayne, Ind., to abolish Sunday ball playing, have not been greatly successful. A clergyman who visited a game disguised, to get evidence against the players, was discovered and ejected from the grounds. The city officials are indiffer-ent in the matter. Elections in the Philippines. THE theory of republican government is, "govern-ment by consent of the governed." That was the prin-ciple upon which the republic of the United States was reared. But in going abroad to initiate republicanism, or rather to enforce it, it is found to be expedient to vary the initiative somewhat from the manner in vogue when that form of government was inaugurated at home. For instance, a press despatch from Manila in-forms us thatŠ "General Lawton and Professor Worcester, of the commission, visited the principal towns in the province of Cavite, out of which the natives were recently driven. Their chief purpose was to direct the election of the pres-idents of Imus, Bacor, Paranaque, and Las Pines. Un-der the municipal system thus inaugurated, the presi-dents or the mayors of the towns are empowered to appoint their own minor officials and to levy taxes, which are to be expended solely in public improvements. Before acting General Lawton and Mr. Worcester had consulted with the leading men in each town and se-lected candidates whose honesty and friendliness to American rule were beyond question. Wherever they went the Americans were heartily cheered by the people." That is to say, there were held popular elections in several towns under a republican government, but a government civil official accompanied by an army officer went around to those towns and selected the candidates. It would be interesting to know-  what would have hap-pened had these candidates been defeated. But the re-publicanism which has been exported to the Philippines is of the same character as that now produced at home Šnot the original quality. Therefore the masses are supposed to be led by their political bosses. The only , difference is, that in the Philippines the idea is carried to the logical endŠdictation by the general government,  backed by the army. From the standpoint of a mere conqueror, the elec-tions in those Philippine towns were just what would naturally be expected; the modus operandi was the logic of necessity. But to hold them up as incidents in the inauguration of a republican government is sheer political irony. W. N. GLENN. 