NOVEMBER 22, 1894. AMLIOIELICA.N SIM\TPINEAL.I., 363 is ordinarily supposed, for God is very good to souls who seek him. A. E. w." Thus it is seen that the transfer from intercourse with the dead of the Spiritual-istic séance to intercourse with the dead of the Roman Catholic calendar of saints, and vice versa, is short and easy. And that the Roman Catholic Church, in leav-ing the " Prince of Life whom God raised from the dead," to invoke a multitude of dead " saints," who have not been raised from the dead, has departed from the faith and become the victim of " seducing spirits and doctrines of devils." 1 Tim. 4: 1. What 13 Modern Spiritualism? MODERN SPIRITUALISM claims to be in-tercourse, or communion, with the spirits of the dead. In this it is identical with ancient witchcraft, which was likewise intercourse, or communion,' with the dead. That witchcraft was a real thing, and not simply a superstition, is evident from the fact that it was prohibited by the Lord under penalty of death. In Ex. 22: 18, we find the express command: " Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live;" and again in 'Lev. 20: 27, we have these words : " A man also or a woman that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death." The latter text records, not only the sentence of death against those who had familiar spirits, but identifies witch-craft with spiritism, or with spirit pos-session; that is, one not merely pretend-ing to have intercourse with familiar spirits, but one actually having a familiar spirit was a wizard or a witch, according to sex. The Scriptures not only forbid, under penalty of death, intercourse with pre-tended spirits of the dead, but they de-clare that the dead take no interest in human affairs (Job 14:21), that they have no power to help those who invoke them (Ps. 146: 3, 4), and that they "know not anything." Ł Eccl. 9: 5. This at once brands the whole system of witchcraft, ancestral worship, and Spiritualism as deceptive and soul-destroying. That this intercourse with pretended spirits of the dead was for the purpose of obtaining revelations from them is evi-dent : thus we find Saul seeking to a witch for information as to the future after the Lord had forsaken him (1 Sam. 28); and in Isa. 8 : 19 (R. V.), we read these words: " And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits and unto the wizards, that chirp and that mutter : should not a people seek unto their God ? on behalf of the living should they seek unto the dead ?" This spirit intercourse was universal among heathen peoples. The " Encyclo-paedia Br itannica," Art. "Manes," says: " All nations have reverenced the spirits of their ancestors;" and again, "In all nations of antiquity, and in many exist-ing savage tribes, these spirits [supposed spirits of the dead] were held in great awe and veneration, as being powerful for good or for harm." " Offerings of all kinds were placed in the tomb or burnt on the pyre, and the rites of burial were, with the lamentations of surviving friends, thought necessary for the repose of the ghost." That the spirits referred to in Isa. 8 :19, were evil spirits will scarcely be dis-puted; else why the prohibition of com- munion with them ? Besides it cannot be supposed that spirits in harmony with " the Father of spirits " would hold inter- course with men contrary to the will of God. But we are not left in doubt as to the character of these spirits. The apostle says, plainly : " The things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils." 1 Cor. 10: 20. This, then, is the reason why witchcraft, or intercourse with evil spirits, is so hateful in the sight of God; it is devil worship. It was into this debasing idolatry that the Israelites fell when "they joined themselves unto Baal-peor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead." Ps. 106 : 28. " It was not says Faber, "that they ever ab-solutely renbunced the adoration of Je-hovah; but, apparently deeming him far above out of their sight, while they dis-tantly viewed him with a decent, ineffec- tive reverence, they addicted themselves to the more palpable funeral origies of Thammuz, or Adonis, or Baal, or Osiris." The same writer continues : " Such also is the worship, into which, according to the sure word of prophetic revelation, certain members of the church catholic [general] would lapse in the latter times. The Spirit,' says St. Paul, speaketh ex-pressly, that in the latter timed some shall apostatize from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines concerning demon gods."' This interpretation of the prophecy was received by the early church " probably more than twelve centuries before the Reformation."' But, it may be asked, has not devil worship, or witchcraft, ceased ?Š By no means. Has human nature changed ? have demons become less wicked than formerly ? are human beings any less prone to seek to know the future inde-pendently of God ? A single negative will suffice to answer all these questions. Then how could demonology cease so long as the conditions necessary to its existence are unchanged ? In an article in the Arena for Novem-ber, that well-known Spiritualist, J. M. Peebles, A. M. M. D., gives explicit tes-timony as to the continuance of spiritual phenomena and its identity in all ages; he says:Š Evolution is everywhere manifest. The telegraph, the telephone, the phonograph, sarcognomy, mesmer-ism, clairvoyance, psychometry, in connection with other scientific discoveries and religious aspirations, seemingly constituted the befitting time for the redis-covery and propagation of Spiritualism. We say rediscovery, for to agnostic materialists and sectarian Christians, Spiritualism, demonstrating conscious communications between mortals and the overarch-ing, invisible world of immortals, was literally a dis-covery, a new revelation And yet from remotest antiquity all races and tribes had witnessed and echoed these phenomena in some form. They were considered at different periods miracles, magic, possessions, ap-paritions, oracles, special providence, witchcraft, demons, and angels. Their persistence, surviving the decay of thrones and empires, is, according to Her-bert Spencer a proof of their reality and their value. When in Canton, China, the guest of Dr. Kerr, physician and missionary, we chanced to speak of the spirit manifestations in America, when he coolly ex-claimed : " Why, sir, these manifestations are very old in this country. China is an empire of spiritists."  And to prove it he took me out to temples, shrines, and booths, where I witnessed spirit-writing and other forms of mediumistic phenomena. Thus, it is evident that intercourse with spirits has not ceased; and that these spirits are evil is also confessed by Spirit-ualists themselves. Said Judge Edmonds, "The Difficulties of Romanism," by George Stanley Faber, B. D., p. 188. 2  Id., p. 189. am.  in his Broadway Tabernacle lecture, in this city, Feb. 16, 1855 :Š I assure you from my own experience and observa-tion, that the fascination of this Intercourse is so great that its tendency is to lead men away from their proper judgment, and instill a spirit of fanaticism most revolting to the calm and natural mind. And in the Banner of Light, of Oct. 26, 1864, Dr. Child said :Š Nor can we doubt, I think, that there are a diverse host of badly misdirected spirits. The lower spirits seek to undo the good work of the higher, and to harass and to annoy and subject to suffering, medium and sitter. They will deceive us for their amusement. Where is the medium but what has either seen or felt this ? I have both. But wise spirits, who are to us the revelators and executors of the divine will, de-signedly deceive us for our good. The same paper, in its issue of March 20, 1869, quotes Swedenborg as follows :Š When spirits begin to speak with man, he must beware that he believe nothing that they say; for nearly everything they say is fabricated by them. and they LIE; for if they are permitted to narrate any thing, as what heaven is and how things in the heavens are to be understood, they will TELL SO MANI LIES that a man would be astonished. According to these testimonies all these are lying spirits for all deceive; one class "for our good," the other, "for their own amusement "! Judged by the Saviour's rule, all are then of the devil, for his lusts they do. That the spirits, from whom the commu-nications come and by whom supernatural things are performed, are not the spirits of the dead is evident from the testimony of the apostle already quoted : " The things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils;" and also from the inspired declaration that " the dead know not any-thing." Moreover, the manifestations of Spiritualism are by a host of spirits, whereas revelations and manifestations from God are by one Spirit. Says the apostle: " Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit. And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord. And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all. But the manifesta-tion of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal. For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit; to another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit; to another the working of mir-acles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpre-tation of tongues; but all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will." As already shown in the quotation from Mr. Faber, special warning is given in the Bible against satanic delusions in the last days. In addition to the texts which he cites, our Lord himself says: " There shall arise false Christs, and false proph-ets, and shall show great signs and won-ders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect."  Again, we are told by the apostle, that "Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light," and St. John, in describ-ing the closing scenes of this earth's his-tory, says: " And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the . 3  Ecel. 9: 5, 6; Cf. also Job 14: 20, 21; Ps. 146:1-3. * 1 Co'. 12; 4-11. 5 lklatt, 24; 24. 2 Cor. 11:14, 