"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 13, 1894. NUMBER 36.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, Nuw YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDTIOR. A. F. BALLENGER, - SATOLLI, " apostolic delegate " to the United States in an address delivered be-fore the Catholic Congress in Chicago, Sept. 5, 1893, made use of the following words, with the immediate results indi-cated in brackets :Š Here, in America, you have a country blessed of Providence in the fertility of field and in the liber-ality of its Constitution [loud applause]. Here you have a country which will repay all efforts [loud and prolonged applause], not merely tenfold, but, aye, a hundredfold. And this no one understands better than the immortal Leo, And ho has charged me, his delegate, to speak out to America words of hope and blessing, words of joy. Go forward! in one hand bearing the book of Christian truthŠthe BibleŠand in the other the Constitution of the United States. [Tremendous applause, the people rising to their feet.] When we heard these words we re-mained seated. There were " Protestants " who joined in the " tremendous applause," but we didn't and wondered why they ' did. — Burr does not this utterance indicate a Change in papal attitude toward the Bible and liberty of conscience ?ŠNo : " Rome never changes." When she recommends the Bible it is with a Jesuitical mental reservation. To explain : In the first place Rome did not refer to the Protestant, or King James' Version. This is evident from the following quotation from Mgr. Segur's " Plain Talk about Protestantism of To-day," a Roman Catholic book in-dorsed by Joaunes Josephus, Episcopus Boston, and for sale at all Catholic book stores. The author says on page 118: " The Protestant Bible is only a false skin, in which infidelity and revolution wrap themselves." Nor did Satolli mean the Catholic Bible as it reads. He meant the Catholic Bible as interpreted by the Ro-man Catholic Church. In proof we sub-mit the following from the creed of " Pope Pius IV.," which every Catholic is taught to recite and to which every prelate is required to subscribe :Š I do also admit the Holy Scriptures, according to AND now let us examine "the Constitu-tion of the United States" which Satolli tells Roman Catholics to go forward bearing in that. " other " hand. But rest assured it is no more the Constitution of the United States as written by its framers and interpreted by the spirit of their times than is Satolli's " Bible," the Bible written by the prophets and apostles and interpreted by the Spirit of God. That  the Roman Catholics have long ago repu-diated the true interpretation of the Con-stitution is evident from the following utterance of the Catholic World, for Sep-tember, 1871, Vol. 13, page 736:Š But as it [the Constitution] . . is interpreted by the Protestant principles, so widely diffused among us . . . we do not accept it or hold it to be any government at all, or as capable of performing any of the proper functions of government; and if it con-tinues to be interpreted by the revolutionary princi-ple of Protestantism, it is sure to fail. . . . Protes-tantism, like the heathen barbarism which Catholicity subdued, lacks the element of order, because it rejects authority [the authority of the pope] and is necessa-rily incompetent to maintain real liberty or civilized society [like that of Spain and Mexico]. Hence it is we so often say that if the American Republic is to be sustained and preserved at all it must be by the rejection of the principles of the Reformation and the acceptance of the Catholic principle by the American people. To show that Ł the interpretation of the Constitution here so vigorously condemned is the true interpretation, and that the " principles of the Reformations " are the principles of the Constitution, further quotations are cited :Š No one thought of vindicating religion for the con-science of the individual, till a voice in Judea, break-ing day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity, by establishing a pure, spiritual, and universal religion for all mankind, enjoined to render to Caesar only that which is Cusar's. The,rule was upheld during the infancy of the gospel for all men. No sooner was this religion adopted by the chief of the Roman em-pire, than it was shorn of its character of universality, and enthralled by an unholy connection with the un-holy State; and so it continued till the new nation,Šthe least defiled with the barren scoffings of the eighteenth century, the most general believer in Chris-tianity of any people of that age, the chief heir of the Reformation in its purest forms,Šwhen it came to establish a government for the United States, refused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by a corpo-rate body, or having a headship in a monarch or a State. Vindicating the right of individuality even in reli-gion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea.  It left the management of temporal things to the tem-poral power; but the American Constitution, 'in har-mony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal Government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul ; and not from indifference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power. ŠBancroft's, His-tory of the Formation of the Constitution, book 5, chap. 1, pars. 10, 11. The Constitution of the United States is therefore the "chief heir of the Reforma- that sense which our holy mother, the church, has held and does hold, to which it belongs to judge of the true sense and interpretation of the Scriptures: neither will I ever take and interpret them otherwise than according to the unanimous consent of the fathers. Unanimous consent of the fathers! In  order then to interpret the Scriptures the Roman Catholic must possess all the books written by all the " fathers " during a decade of centuries and must "go for-ward " carrying all this " in one hand." It can't be done. The poor fellow would have to charter a freight train. Never-theless it must be done for Pope Leo XIII., speaking on the same subject and quoting the above rule, says :Š The professors of Holy Scripture, therefore, amongst other recommendations, must be well acquainted with the whole circle of theology and deeply read in com-mentaries of the holy fathers and doctors and other interpreters of mark. Has the " church " and " the fathers " yet interpreted all the Bible so that if one should possess all the writing of all the "fathers " and " doctors " of the church he would then have all the Bible inter-preted ?ŠNo : and Leo XIII. says no. He says there are " passages of Holy Scrip-ture which have not as yet received a cer-tain and definite interpretation." Has the " church " ever published a list of the passages interpreted by " our holy mother, the church, whose place it is to judge of the true sense and interpretation of the Scripture," together with those which have not been thus interpreted so that the Roman Catholic could go forth " bearing " this official " Bible " " in one hand " ?ŠNo : she has not. And now we challenge any man, whether Protestant or Catholic, Jew or Gentile, black or white, bond or free, to arise, and, resisting for the moment the impulse to applaud, tell us what, if not the soul-destroying dogmas of the papacy, Satolli meant the Catholic should go forward carrying in that "one hand." 