t-Ł:;(1 AlvmnitcANT VoL. 11, No. 11. basis in the fundamental law of the land." This can result in nothing less than a com-plete union of Church and State, and the people, instead of reading the Bible for them-selves and receiving the interpretation which God by his Spirit impresses upon their minds, will be compelled by law to accept human interpretations, and thus to follow man instead of God. These so-called reformers claim that there has always been a union existing between religion and the Government, but that there has been practically no acknowledgement of the fact in the Constitution. This acknow-ledgement they are working to secure; and they have been so far successful that the bill for the proposed amendment is actually before Congress at the present time. And one of the proofs which they bring to show that the Government is already religious, and that they therefore have an historical basis for their movement, is the fact that Thanksgiv-ing proclamations are annually issued by the President of the United States. It can not be denied that this basis has existed and does exist; but there are those who protest against both-the wicked proceeding of the "reformers" and the basis upon which it rests. The reader will call to mind how very tol-erant and generous was Constantine when he began to make official suggestions about Christian observances and doctrines, but these suggestions soon became stern commands backed up by terrible penalties. The camel of Church and State has for some time been thrusting his nose into our National Tabernacle in the form of Thanks-giving proclamations, army chaplaincies, ap-propriations of money to religious societies, etc., and he now claims the right not only to walk in bodily, but to receive ample recogni-tion in the National Constitution. He should not be tolerated in the slightest degree. It is. impossible to stand up too straight on this subject. A BAD BUSINESS ENDED. [The Examiner, Baptist.] ATTEMPTS have been made during the last few years to stop the appropriation of moneys from the United States Treasury for the sup-port of sectarian schools among the Indians. It would seem that at length these efforts are successful. On Monday, February 24, the House of Representatives ordered, by a vote of 93 to 64, that all appropriations for such schools be stricken from the Indian appropri-ation bill. This shows that less than one-half of the full House (356) voted, but it is not likely that the Senate will disturb the decision of the House, or that the majority will be changed by any subsequent action. The vote was taken directly on the merits of the ques-tion, after frequent discussions through a series of years, and it will stand. It is a happy ending of a long dispute, which ought never to have been raised. Under the wise and forward movement in dealing with the Indians, started by General Grant's " peace policy, " various Christian denominations were asked to assist in educat-ing the Indian youth. In many cases the Chris-tian schools were already established, and the Government availed itself of them in its edu-cational work, assigning pupils to them from the reservations, and paying so much per capita for the pupils, or in lump sums to the managers of the schools. The evils of the system soon became manifest, and the public sentiment of the country began to show itself against this form of union between Church  and StateŠthe use of public funds for the support of sectarian schools. From the be-ginning the Roman Catholics received the lion's share of these appropriations, and they worked the scheme for all it was worth. From 1886 to 1895 (ten years) the sums appropri-ated for these " contract schools," as they were called, amounted to $4,767,436, of which the Roman Catholics received no less than $3,100,000, while all others, representing fifteen denominations and some private in-stitutions, received only $1,667,000. The Roman Catholics were so eager -and insolent that they hurt their own cause, and thus indirectly aided in effecting its overthrow. Gen. T. J. Morgan, when he was Commis-sioner of Indian Affairs, took the ground that these appropriations for sectarian Indian schools should be diminished as rapidly as pos-sible, and wholly cease at the earliest practica-ble day, the Government meanwhile to provide schools of its own for all Indian children, after the pattern of the common schools of the country. This policy, bitterly antagonized by the Roman Catholics, has now been form-ally indorsed by the House of Representatives. The autumn conferences of the " Friends of the Indians" at Lake Mohonk did much to crystallize and solidify a true public sentiment on this subject. In successive years their "plat-form ' approached a clear and unequivocal utterance, until finally it was affirmed that no Christian denomination should receive public funds for its mission schools among the In-dians. No one who was present will soon forget the scene when, after long and high de-bate, this resolution was moved by a noble Qua-ker, seconded by an Episcopalian Bishop, and sustained in a. strong and fervid speech by an eminent Methodist. Nearly two years ago (June 7, 1894), when the Indian appropriation bill was before the House of Representatives, Hon. William S. Linton, of Michigan, sought to have the ap-propriations for these sectarian schools stricken out. He pleaded strongly, and set forth an array of cogent facts in support of his argu-ment, but he was defeated by a vote 158 to 58 (136 not voting). After ward the Secretary of the Interior was directed to reduce expendi-tures upon contract schools by twenty per cent. of the sum thus expended in the pre-vious year, until such schools should become extinct. Mr. Linton has bided his time. Two years ago he told the House that they would not dare to neglect the warnings that were abroad. They rejected his advice then, but they have given heed to it now. It was on his motion that, on Monday of last week, the appropriations for contract schools were stricken from the bill, and an amendment inserted prohibiting the Secretary of the Interior from spending any of the money appropriated for education in a sectarian institution. All Protestant denominations had withdrawn their requests for such aid, or, like the Baptists, had never asked it. * The Roman Catholics stood alone in continuing the demand, and asked for more than $250,- * We are sorry that it is so; but facts compel us to state that the Baptists did for a time, through Henry L. More-house, of this city, Secretary of the American Baptist Home Missionary Society, receive money from the Government for the support of denominational schools. Mr. Frank C. Arms-strong, Assistant Commissioner of Indian Affairs, replying to an inquiry upon this subject, Sept. 12, 1894, said:Š "I find records of contracts from the year 1879 to 1884, be-tween this office and Henry L. Morehouse, of New York City, Secretary of the American Baptist Home Missionary Society, for the Freedmen of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, in the Indian Territory, as follows:Š "In 1879, 6'day schools at $875 for six months. "In 1882, 1 boarding school and 8 day schools at $2,250. "In 1883, 1 boarding and 8 day schools at $2,750. " In 1884, 4 day schools at $700, and again in the same year for 6 schools at $1,500." It is true these sums are small and were not for Indian schools, but that does not alter the principle in the least. The fact remains that the Baptists received public money for denominational schools, and the proper thing for them is to candidly own it.ŠEDTTOR SENTINEL. 000 from the public treasury for the current year. Sixty-four members of the House were willing to give it to them, but the system is dead. The duty of the Christian churches to the Indians now become more imperative than ever. These " wards of the Nation" must not suffer because righteousness has prevailed in Congress. The Government will, in some form, provide secular education for all; but evangelistic work, and all to which it leads, must be pressed with redoubled energy. Ł Ł DOINGS AT THE CAPITAL. [Special Correspondence from Washington.] MARCH 2, the House District Committee gave a hearing on the Sunday rest bill. This bill, introduced by Mr. Morse, of Massachu- setts, provides:Š That on the first day of the week, known as the Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accordance with divine appointment as a day of rest and worship, it shall be unlawful to perform any labor, except works of necessity and mercy, and work by those who religiously observe Saturday, if performed in such a way as not to involve or disturb others; also to open places of business or traffic, except in the case of drug stores for the dispensing of medicines; also to make contracts or transact other commercial business; also to engage in noisy amusements or amusements for gain, or entertainments for which admittance fees are charged; also to perform any court service, except in connection with arrests of criminals and service of process to prevent fraud. Sec. 2. That the penalty for violating any provi-sion of this act shall be a fine of not less than $10 for the first offense; for second or subsequent offenses, a fine not exceeding $50 and imprisonment for not less than ten nor more than thirty days, and one year's forfeiture of license, if any is held by the offender or his employer. Sec. 3. That this act shall take effect upon its passage. This bill was referred to the commissioners of the District of Columbia, who, after grant-ing a hearing upon it, refused to recommend it for passage. Its friends then besieged the District Com-mittee of the House, who granted a hearing of two hours, the time to be divided equally between the friends and the opponents of the measure. This arrangement did not suit the advocates of the bill, however, and they were conspicuous alone by their absence. It is said, however, that they will demand another and a secret hearing. The Bill Religious. House bill No. 167, said its opponents, provides " that on the first day of the week, known as the Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accordance with divine appoint-ment as a day of rest and worship, it shall be unlawful to perform labor," etc. If the claim herein set forth, they argued, is well founded, this is the best reason in the world why the Congress of the United States should have nothing whatever to do with it. Can man add anything to that which is divinely appointed ? The most that man has ever done is to mar the work of God. Should not we be content with absolute liberty, such as all enjoy who choose to observe Sunday ? If the day is divinely appointed, God is able to protect his own day, and the Government may safely confine itself to the business of regulating civil things. It was to keep legislation within the sphere of things civil that the fOunders of this Re-public put in the First Amendment this pro-hibition: " Congress shall make no law re-specting the establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The bill under consideration is clearly in conflict with this provision of the fundamental law, 