MAY 28, 1896. .A.INTIEIEti CAIN' SIINTIL'ILNTIMA 175 day to be kept, it must be that there is abund-ant inherent power in the religion itself to maintain it, for God does not call upon the civil authorities to uphold the ordinances of his church. The growth of Christianity would have been small indeed in the early centuries of its era if it had depended upon the enactment of a Lord's day or sabbath observance by Nero and the Roman Senate. We have no hesitation whatever in maintaining that Christian people have no more warrant for endeavoring to se-cure and enforce the legal observance of a day of Christian worship as such, or as a matter of church interest, than they have to secure and enforce a similar enactment that people shall be baptized and observe the Lord's supper. It would be well if those who are zealous in getting the civil power to back up the tradi-tions of men, would look to the end whence they are tending. Ł ŁI.Ł Ł  LOW GROUND ON WHICH SUNDAY-OBSER-VANCE IS URGED. BY REV. A. H. LEWIS, D. D. No institution rises higher than the average reasons which men give for its existence. If there be both higher and lower reasons sup-porting it, and the lower reasons be urged to the exclusion of the higher, the institution is correspondingly degraded. This is an inevit-able law, against which it is useless to com-plain. The history of the Sunday question presents some marked illustrations of this truth. The popular interpretation of the meaning of the fourth commandment is, in the narrowest sense, materialistic. That in-terpretation makes physical rest to be the central point in the matter of Sabbath-keep-ing. A " rest day once in the week," is as high as the average theory rises. Instead of making the rest secondary, as it really is, to the higher idea of spiritual rest and religious instruction, the order is reversed, and the religious phases of the question are either secondary, or wholly eliminated. Such a view places the whole question on the low, earthly, human plane. Such a conception cultivates the idea that when one has rested from ordinary business or labor, he has sab-batized. Whereas, the higher truth is, that he only has sabbatized, according to the spirit of the fourth commandment, who has rested, that he might thereby attain com-munion with God, spiritual rest and religious culture. This low conception necessarily appeals to the lower motives as a ground of obedience; indeed, the popular theory has gone so far that no motive higher than the individual choice enters into the mind of the average man in the matter of Sunday observance. But where anything like authority is sought, it is sought on the lower plane, thus increasing the evil which the conception of sabbatizing already noticed has begun. For instance, it is urged that man's physical health demands rest one day in seven; that this is most conducive to long life; that thus men are enabled to do more work, therefore, to earn more money; that machinery wears longer when permitted to rest; that beasts of burden are more valuable if permitted to rest; that soundness of mind and soundness of body demand periodic rat. It is further urged, that the interests of the commonwealth are thereby served, since the individual health and the productive power, and the economic habits of the individual members of the com-monwealth, are all increased by giving the  body periodic rest. Even religious teachers often appeal to this line of argument, either because there is no higher conception in their own mind, or because they think the masses can be made to apprehend the low-ground argument, rather than the higher. Whatever reason may induce this appeal, the result is the same in each case,Ša low conception, the lowest conception which can possibly be called true, in regard to Sabbath-keeping. Such arguments and conceptions neither appeal to religious conscience, nor cultivate it. When we add to this the fact, that since the introduction of no-sabbathism in the sec-ond century, the great mass of those who have professed Christianity have held to and taught that theory, we have an additional reason why the public mind is conscienceless concerning Sunday. When this no-sabbath philosophy drove the Sabbath from the church, the void which was left was filled (through the action of civil law) by not only the Sunday, but by many other festivals. This shows why the low-ground conception has become the prevailing one, and why the popular appeal is to the lowest arguments. There is no place in the general theory con-cerning Sunday for the higher argument, or the divine authority. The results which are upon us, therefore, are legitimate. While there is a degree of truth in these low-ground appeals, more careful investig ,-tion is revealing the fact that much of the argument so claimed is not supported by facts. The report of the Massachusetts Bu-reau of statistics made a few years ago, shows that the effect of Sunday labor in different departments indicates that there is no percept-ible loss in physical strength, or in the money earned by Sunday laborers. They get pay for seven days' work in the week, and while some of them would prefer the leisure, none were found suffering in their physical health for want of it. It must be granted that investigation in this direbtion has not gone far enough, nor been continued long enough, to make a positive argument, pro or con,, upon this point. If, however, the popular claim concerning the advantages and disadvantages of Sunday labor were true, with the rapid increase of Sunday labor throughout the land, there would already have come a cor-responding decrease in general health, and general prosperity, which has not come, and is not promised by existing facts. Ł ŁIŁ Ł "ALL MUST REST, OR NONE CAN." [Sabbath Recorder.] THE statement is made in several ways by the advocates of Sunday legislation that the possibility of rest for any is contingent upon compulsory resting on the part of all. If this be true, no one has ever had a day of rest, and no one has such a day at the present time. Those who advocate stricter Sunday legislation urge, as a prominent reason, that hundreds of thousands of people are now engaged in business on Sunday; this being the fact, and the logic of the claim which stands at the head of this article being cor-rect, the most devout, who give Sunday wholly to worship and deeds of love, do not yet have a day of rest, neither can they have until the whole are compelled to rest, for their sakes. Putting the facts alongside this claim is sufficient answer to the claim. They show it to be false. Several other facts show the same thing. Devout Jews in all lands, and through all the centuries, though often persecuted and bitterly opposed, have conscientiously and  successfully rested from their labors and business, not only upon the Sabbath, but upon many other religious festivals. If there were no other facts in history bearing on this point, other than those in connection with the Hebrew nation, the foregoing claim would be absolutely condemned. For more than two centuries in the United States, the Sev-enth-day Baptists, and in later years the Seventh-day Adventists as well, have ob-served the Sabbath strictly, finding no trouble in securing a day of rest and worship, though in " the insignificant minority "Š as the friends of Sunday legislation describe themŠand in the midst of the world's busiest day. What is needed to secure a day of rest and worship, or, better still, " keep the Sabbath according to the commandment," is a con-science toward God, and a determination to obey him. All else is valueless, and the strictest legislation does no more than create a legal holiday. The arguments upon which men attempt to base statements like that which heads this article, are futile, illogical, and deceptive. Facts deny the statement, and the attempted argument based upon the statement is de-structive of regard for God and of conscience toward him. Not the outward compulsion of civil law, but the inward choice of the heart, Fettles the question, and regard for any day a- a Sabbath will be destroyed in proportion as In' induce themselves to believe that such regard must depend upon similar regard on lite part of others, or upon the fact that ota.e-s d o or do not cease from their labors. It would be as logical to ask civil legislation to forbid all profanity, upon the claim that the ability to refrain from taking the name of the Lord in vain on the part of one de-pended upon compelling all thus to refrain. He who respects God as he ought will not take his name in vain, though he dwell in the midst of blasphemy. He who regards the Sabbath as he ought will observe it as God requires, though he dwell in the midst of those who forget God, and trample upon his ^ law. THE absurdity of the Roman Catholic pro-duction of infallibility for the pope from the decisions of a number of fallible cardinals, is paralleled by the " national reform " doctrine that the people, being incompetent to govern themselves, should by their votes evolve a form of government which will be free from the defects of popular government. It would seem that these " reformers " have yet to learn that a stream cannot rise higher than its fountain head. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Elk Point, S. D., Jan. 25, 1896. .,—0/  os Gents : Inclosed please Sad draft for three machines. Would say that the machines are giving the best of satisfaction here. Yours truly, ALBERT TUCKER. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Minh. Interesting Facts Is the name of a neat little book of 96 pages, 4%x 5 inches, bound in heavy paper, brim full of " interesting facts," questions and answers on different subjects, religious and political; "A Father's Talk to a Careless Daughter," "How to Bring Up a Son," " How to Bring Down a Son," etc., etc. The last 21 pages are an album containing the portraits of 21 different sovereigns of Europe, and is worth alone the price of the book. Regular price, 25 cents; we will send it post-paid for 20 cents in stamps. Address, PACIFIC PRESS Pea. Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. Address. 