 "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLTIM1417, 9. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 1, 1894. NUMBER, 5.   American. Sentinel. PCBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACWC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW Yorm., Ejitered at the New York PostŠOffice. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. A85°°'""4  "rr°R6' WILLIAM H. MC WEE. THERE is abroad a general disposition to apologize and make excuses for, and to flatter the papacy. THIS is not' to be wondered at on the part of what is called the secular press of the country, as that is practically con-trolled, directly or indirectly, by the papacy. BUT it is a m) story how. religious papers, professedly Protestant, can shut their eyes to the encroachments of the papacy, and 'labor to convince themselves and the public that the papacy is not what it used to be, but is enlightened, modern-ized, and even Americanized. MYSTERY, though it be, however, it is an undeniable fact that the religious papers, professedly Protestant, which stand as the leading Protestant papers of the country, do labor diligently and con-stantly to convince themselves and the public that the papacy is not what it really is. TRUE, they find it a difficult task which they have thus set themselves, in the face of the numerous bold movements which the papacy is making in her old-time and native spirit before all the people, but yet heroically do they stick to the task and seem determined to accomplish it not only in spite of the difficulties, but in spite of the papacy itself. THERE is a considerable number of these papers, but the ehiefest one, and engaged most earnestly in this difficult and mis-chievous business, is the Independent of this city. It has been thus engaged a good while, but as the papacy grows more bold and its native spirit becomes more openly apparent, the Independent seems the more determined to convince itself and others that all these things only mark the further progress of the papacy in  enlightenment, and in its modernizing and Americanizing tendency. FOR instance, last October, there was sent by the Catholic hierarchy an official and authoritative communication to the " editors of Catholic newspapers," com- manding them to "learn to be obedient and submissive to superiors; " that " nei-ther they themselves nor those who assist them should attack ecclesiastics, and above all, bishops; " and that " above all, let the name of bishops be sacred among Catholic writers, for to them reverence is due because of their high office and dig- nity. Nor let them think themselves privileged to examine, critically, what divinely appointed pastors, in exercise of their power, have established," etc. This the Independent printed, and then cam-mented upon it, as follows :Š We should like to know upon what meat these our bishops feed that they have grown so great as to be above criticism by the press. Obedience and submis-sion to superiors is right within the limits of admin-istration, but opinion cannot be thus controlled nor the expression of it limited. A bishop has a right to govern his diocese, but he has no right to pretend that he never makes a mistake or cannot be criticised. We should like to know why a Catholic editor should not have the "privilege to examine critically what divinely appointed pastors have established " ? Di-rinely appointed pastors can establish very unwise things. We are interested to know what those eccle-siastical penalties are by which editors are to be pre-vented from criticising a bishop's method of adminis-tration. We suppose the most effective 'method will be for the bishop to pronounce his censure upon the journal and forbid his people to subscribe to it. That has been tried in Cincinnati with great success. But it is not the American way of doing things, and we do not believe it is the Christian way of doing things. And yet, in the very same issue, Octo-ber 26, 1893, and in the editorial columns, too, the Independent says this :Š Archbishop Ireland and Bishop McGolrick ap-peared last week in Chicago on the platform of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. The nearer we come together the better we will like each other. Archbishop Ireland and Bishop McGol-rick were, with the others, the authors of that communication of arrogance and su-periority, addressed to editors of Catholi(, newspapers, which the Independent mildly criticises, and then, almost in the same breath, declares of these same men: "The nearer we come together the better we will like each other." Yes, after swallowing such a dose of papal superiority as that,  we should think you would. No doubt the more of it you can have the better;  you will like it all. ABOUT the same time that the foregoing instance occurred, there occurred also another which is well worth mentioning. The committee of the Inquisition in Rome put upon the Index Expurgatorius certain books and writingsŠthat is, it condemned and outlawed them so far as its power now goes. Among these condemned writings was a series of articles by a cer- tain Catholic, which had been printed in three numbers of a leading magazine. When the notice of the condemnation of these writings was published, the Inde-pendent said of it :Š We now translate the directions given to the faith-ful in reference to these books: Therefore, let no one of whatsoever rank or condition dare in future either to publish or to read or to keep these above-men-tioned condemned and proscribed works; but let him deliver them over to the local bishops or to the inquisitors of heretical" doctrine, under the penalties which have been prescribed in'  the index of Forbidden Books. We understand, then, that any Catholic who has a Copy of these numbers of The Nineteenth Century is under immediate obligation to mail them to the bishop -of his diocese. He is not allowed to keep a perfect file of the volume for 1892 and 1893 under the penalties prescribed. Mr. St. George Mivart has, sine() the publication of this act, obediently signified his retrac-tion of the opinions advanced in the articles but now condemned as unsound teaching. He has proved himself quite childlike. These articles have been. printed in part in a good many Catholic papers, and we do not doubt that they are in the possession of many priests and laymen. We have some curiosity to know how far this injunction to send the inter- dicted writings to the bishop and no longer to read them has become a dead letter. We are in earnest when we say that we want to know whether this edict is a dead letter in the United States. We have had beautiful addresses in Chicago from Cardinal Gibbons and Bishop Keane and Archbishop Ireland and dozens of other distinguished and repre-sentative Catholics, telling us about the liberality of the pope and his sympathy with free institutions, his love for republics and the freedom of the American Catholic Church. WE BELIEVE IT ALL -* And yet what are we to do with such an edict as that which we have just translated out of the original Latin ? Citizens of the United States, American Catholics who love liberty, are forbidden by an excellent gentleman in Rome [the pope] either to read or to have in their houses three different numbers of The Nineteenth Century This is not fiction, it is fact. A dozen or so of his advisers have passed upon those articles and they say that American Catholic citizens shall not read them. Now what liberty is there about that ? 'Why is it not downright spiritual tyranny ? How does it agree with the.beautiful sentiments which we have heard? * The emphasis in this quotation is- ours.ŠEn. SENTINEL'. 