"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 16,- NEW YORK, JANUARY 11, 1900. NUMBER 2. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. trirAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE chief evil of church-and-state union consists not in the showing of partiality to a particular church, but in the attempt to propagate religion by civil force. .4 .4 THERE can be no union of religion and statewithout a union Of church and state, any more than there can be a church without religion, or religion without a church. .4 .4 A UNION of religion and the state, as distinguished from a union of church and state, is only a broadened form of the latter; and an evil never grows less by spreading out. A union of the ' state with religion which favored all the churches alike would be only so much worse than a union which favored but one church. "You cannot have stable government without re-ligion," we are told; but it seems to be overlooked that religion, when joined with a government subject to change, must itself become unstable; even, as one writer has said, "the football of contending majorities." No government is unchangeable; and therefore no govern-ment can maintain an unchanging standard of morality. el .4. THE crowning work of God's creation was not a state, or a government, but a man, made in his image; and no greater thing has ever been created since. The Son of God died to save the individual; but he did not die and would not have died, to save any state or  government. It is the individual that is of chief value in the sight of God. .4  .4 SOME professors of Christianity seem more anxious for a political saviour than for a personal Saviour. That was the trouble with the Jews when they rejected Christ. ig MEN say the Sabbath law of God does not specify a particular day of the week; but in their own "Sabbath laws" they never fail to specify one particular day. Are they more particular than God? .4 .4 THE state cannot decree any religious observance, without assuming to be an authority in religion; it cannot assume authority in religion without erecting a claim to infallibility; and it cannot claim infallibility without an assumption of equality with God. The "Usual Exemption" Favored by the W. C. T. U. THE N. W. C. T. U. has put itself on record, by reso-lution regularly adopted, as in favor of "the amend-ment of all State Sunday laws which do not contain the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day." It is certainly of interest to all "those who keep the Sabbath day" to know what "the usual exemption" is, or is likely to be. And'there is sufficient history on this subject to give considerable informationŠhistory, too, of which the N. W. C. T. U. is a part. For the benefit of all, we shall here sketch this history of "the usual ex-emption." In 1888, at the request of the N. W. C. T. U. and allied organizations, Senator Blair introduced into the United States Senate "a bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known 