188 THE A NIERICA.N SENTINEL. The Principles of the Christian Religion. AMONG those who are exerting their energies to secure an amendment to the Constitution whereby instruction in the "principles of the Christian religion" shall be maintained in all the common schools, it is amusing to note the conflicting and absurd claims as to what consti-tutes the principles of the Christian religion. The latest of these to which the writer has list-ened was made in a public sermon by a Method-ist minister of considerable ability and some local reputation. In order to allay the fears of his audience that the adoption of the Blair amend-ment would result in the establishment of a na-tional religion, he said that the provision for in. struction in the principles of the Christian relig-ion "means simply that the children are to be taught the necessity of telling the truth, and to refrain from swearing." This explanation seemed to be intensely pleasing to those who favor the amendment, since it serves to quiet the appre-hensions of the distrustful. On this version of the amendment I submit the following points :- 1. There is not a school in the land where the pupils are not now taught the "necessity of tell-ing the truth, and to refrain from swearing." Therefore no amendment of the Constitution is needed to secure such instruction. 2. If it is desired merely to teach the "neces-sity of telling the truth, and to refrain from swear-ing," why not say so in the amendment itself, and thus settle the question for all coming time. Or, better still, why not leave out all reference to the Christian religion, or any other religion? For the amendment provides for instruction in "virtue" and "morality," and anybody knows that these terms cover the principles of truth-telling, and refraining from swearing. The fact that the words, "and the principles of the Chris-tian religion," have been added to the proposed amendment, shows that something is wanted which is not fully comprehended in the terms "virtue" and "morality," in the common ac-ceptation of these terms; and for anyone to deny this is only to show either his stupidity or his lack of candor. 3. The most important, comprehensive, and fundamental truths of the Christian religion con-stitute the principles of that religion. Principles are necessarily comprehensive, and all really es-sential truths relating to any subject must be em-braced in its principles. For example, the fun-damental principle of God's moral law is love. This one word embraces every moral truth in ex-istence. Any person who has always loved God with all his heart, might, mind, and strength, and his neighbor as himself, is a perfectly moral being. Likewise, anyone who conforms to the principles of the Christian religion is a Christian, and whoever believes in those principles is a be-liever in Christ and Christianity. Now if " tell-ing the truth, and to refrain from swearing," con-stitute the principles of the Christian religion, it follows that whoever subscribes to these princi-ples is a believer in Christ and Christianity, and that all who practice these principles are Chris-tians. That many Jews, Mohammedans, and atheists practice these principles cannot be denied, while a still larger number assert their belief in them. Yet all of these people utterly repudiate Christ and every doctrine based upon his exist-ence. By this it is demonstrated again that there is nothing distinctively Christian in these principles. 4. The " first principles " of the Christian re-ligion are those truths best adapted to the com-prehension of beginners. Paul calls such princi-ples " milk," and the persons who have not mas-tered these principles he speaks of as being " babes." Heb. 5 :12-14. Now, what did Paul teach first concerning the Christian religion?Š"For I de-livered unto you first of all that which I also re-ceived, how that Christ died for our sins accord-ing to the Scriptures ; and that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the Scriptures," etc. 1 Cor. 15:3, 4. Here, then, is one of "the first principles " (Heb. 5: 12 Š14) of the Christian religion according to the Scriptures. Are there any more of these princi-ples? " Therefore leaving the principles, of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection ; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment." Heb. 6 :1, 2. We have now found at least seven distinct principles of the Christian religion, and the last six are plainly declared to be "foundation" prin-ciples, and they are all " according to the Script-ures." Now if the friends of this religious amend-ment, in order to quiet the fears of the people, can without a twinge of conscience warp and compress the principles of the Christian religion into something which has not the slightest trace of distinctive Christianity in it, what is to hinder them from swelling those principles into an elab-orate creed, when once their amendment has been adopted ? If they will multiply the signa-ture of Cardinal Gibbons by 7,200,000, why will they not multiply the principles of the Christian religion to any desired extent? If the Blair amendment ever becomes a part of the National Constitution, there is little doubt that the same energy will be displayed in expanding these principles that is now employed in reducing them to the principles of common civility. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The Theory of Our Constitution Is the Right Theory. THE present theory of our Government is, that the Government recognizes the natural rights of man, as they exist in a state of nature and in the law of reason, and that the State only imposes that degree of restraint upon his action which is necessary to the uniform and reasonable conser-vation and enjoyment of private rights; that civil and religious liberty go hand in hand, and are the natural and absolute rights of the citizen, which no Government or human agency has power to question or deny. All laws, therefore, regulating the acts or con-duct of the citizen are made in harmony with these broad general principles. The citizen is dealt with in view of his relation to society. The laws, therefore, regulate his conduct only so far as that conduct does, or may, affect society. Such laws are, therefore, prohibitory. There is no pur-pose in the penal laws to prevent or prohibit acts to be done, because the doing of them is morally wrong, having reference only to the person doing the act; but the purpose is to forbid the act, to protect society. To illustrate: The statute forbidding murder is not founded in any purpose to teach the moral wrong or sin of murder, but to protect society against the vicious. The penal laws are not in- tended to teach moral lessons. In any act the citizen may do which affects only himself, the laws do not interfere. A man may take his own life, burn his property, may injure himself in his person and property in many ways, and from a vicious spirit, but so long as his act affects only himself the State does not interfere. The law punishes intoxication in a public place because it affects the public, but a man may become and re-main intoxicated in his own house at his pleasure and it is no offense, because then the act affects only himself. . Thus it is that all our penal laws are prohibitory, and based upon the principle that it is the province of the State to interfere only when the act of the citizen. affects the rights of others. Ł The other principle is that in the regulation of men's moral conduct the power of the State ex-tends no higher than to require respect for those moral laws which the reason and judgment of mankind have approved as necessary and proper in well-ordered society, and distinguishing such moral laws as those relating to the temporal well-being of society, and entirely disassociated from man's spiritual nature or his religious duties or obligations. Under this theory of government embodied in our Constitution the lines are clearly marked and the citizen has a guarantee of enjoy-ment of both civil and religious liberty. If the amendment as advocated by the Reform Association should be adopted, and other pro-visions of the Constitution made to harmonize with it, so that it would become operative, a dif-ferent theory of government would be introduced. The Christian religion would become a part of our fiThdamental law, and the State would thereby become empowered to pass any laws regulating the conduct of citizens in conformity with it. Laws would be authorized requiring the citizen to at-tend the church or observe any religious rite or ceremony. The Sabbath might be made by law a day of gloom and chill, and indeed almost any-thing concerning men's conduct (bounded by the Christian religion) which fanaticism might invent, or the religious enthusiast devise, would find a warrant in our national Constitution. - Such a theory is entirely incompatible with religious liberty, and if carried to its logical results would eventually overthrow our system of government entirely; liberty of conscience would be without any guarantee of existence, and, if denied, civil liberty could not long survive. One of the most eminent commentators upon our American laws has said that civil and re-ligious liberty are so closely allied that either can-not long survive if the other be denied. The glory of our American Nation to-day, and that which commends it most strongly to the en-lightened judgment of mankind, is that universal civil and religious liberty it guarantees to its citizens. And any suggestion of change in our fundamental law which would make it possible to trench upon either should be spurned by the people and the church as an unmixed evil. Let us imagine the condition which might arise with the adoption of an amendment in gen-eral terms engrafting the Christian religion upon our Constitution; or the adoption of Senator Blair's amendment requiring the principles of Christian religion taught in the public schools. What would be held to be the principles of Chris-tian religion ? and who should determine it? If the court called to determine the question should be Catholic in religion, it might well determine that the principles of Christian religion were 