452 AMERICAN SENTINEL. this doctrine and succeed in getting it indorsed by the mass of the people there inevitably follows a reaction both upon themselves and upon the rest of society. "Men are influenced by their own words. They may ex-press that which they do not really believe, but the ex-pression reacts upon the thought." Under the impulse to defend actions for which there is--no defense men may proclaim the subterfuges of "destiny" and "the inexor-able logic of events" before they really believe them. The result will be that they will believe them in reality before they cease to proclaim them. The effect upon society of the proclamation of the doctrine of irresponsibility will be to further obliterate the sense of responsibility from the minds of those who are already affected, and to spread the contagion to others who have not yet been effected. It has been well said that the vehemence, obstinacy, and vindictiveness of a multitude is received into the single breast of the in-dividual who joins it in its warfare. Likewise the irre-sponsibility of a multitude concentrates itself in the sin-gle breast of the individual who is joined to it, and he becomes more insensible to responsibility than he ever could become otherwise. The Demoralizing Spirit of War. [No more salutary literature could be set before the American people to-day, especially the rising generation, than that which truthfully depicts the evil and de-moralizing nature of the war spirit. To this end the following from the pen of Rebecca Harding Davis, in The Independent of July 20, is worthy of the widest pub-licity:Š] I lived through the Civil War on the border States, and two or three facts which I remember may help young Americans to see this great god Mars, whom we are about to make our tutelary deity, just as he is. They are not the kind of facts which the historians of a cam-paign usually set down. A sleepy old Southern town of which I knew was made by the Government, at an early date, the headquarters of a military department. Martial law was proclaimed; the two good-humored, leisurely constables were re-manded into private life; sentinels patrolled the streets all day long; the body guard of the general in command-galloped madly up and down; bugles sounded and flags waved from every house. But the flag did not always indicate the real feeling of the owners of the house. Almost every family was di-vided against itself, the elders usually siding with the Government, the young people with the South. The young men, one by one, made their way across the lines and entered the Confederate army. Before the war the drowsy old town had boasted a hall, the upper floor of a tobacco warehouse, which was used as a theatre or concert room. The whole building  was now converted by the Provost-Marshal into a mili-tary prison. He also, with difficulty, raised a Loyal Guard, in whose care it was placed. As all the fighting men of the town were already in one army or the other, this Loyal Guard necessarily was made up of material which no doubt furnished a good deal of amusement to the corps of regulars stationed in the place. No man in it was under sixty; they were quiet, honest mechanics and tradesmen; church-going fathers and grandfathers who had trodden the same secluded path since their birth, never once probably tempted to break a law of the land. Their ideas of military discipline were vague. For two or three weeks they guarded the empty warehouse by sitting in a row of chairs tilted back against the front wall, smoking their pipes and telling over their old stories, occasionally joining in a hymn sung with much fervor. But at last one day after a skirmish in the hills some prisoners were brought in and led through the streets to the warehouse. Some of them were wounded. The sight of these limping, bloody men produced a strange effect upon the townspeople, who hitherto had really regarded the war as a passing disaster, the work of politicians, which might come to an end any day. "To-morrow, perhaps," they would say, "we may Ł waken and find the whole miserable business at an end and comfort and peace come again." But at the sight of these prisoners passing down the street a sudden passion of rage and malignancy seemed to poison the air. Some of the men were wounded, one, it was said, mortally; he was carried on a litter, and his hand, torn and red with dried blood, hung down limp, and swung to and fro. Other men, we were told, lay dead on the hill yonder, where we used to go to gather pink laurel and paw-paws in the spring. This wasŠwar. Women cried out madlyŠgentle, delicate womenŠand ran from their houses shrieking into the street; men crowded together following the wounded with sharp, wordless yells of pity or of hate. That one sight of blood tore off the life-long mask of education or manners from each of us, and the natural brute showed itself. When the prisoners were taken into the warehouse these kindly neighbors looked at each other with sudden suspicion and dislike. They hurried to their homes in silence.,  Who knew which man was his enemy? He might be next doorŠin the same house with him. The old friendships and affections of a life time ended that morning, and gave place Ł to an unreasoning distrust. Brother quarreled with brother, husband with wife, father with son. Very often neither man nor woman understood the cause of the war.-  But the contagion of hate was in the air. -Men caught it from each other, as they take the poison of a disease. The old men of the Guard became suddenly possessed with a fury of zeal. They looked upon the prisoners as their personal ease 