I C _A_N 1 NT 1.-.1-‚1-40 VoL. 10, No. 38. the Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac River, they dropped anchor in St. Mary's River: Leonard Calvert gained the good-will of the natives who were preparing to abandon that particular locality, and purchased from them for some cloth and a few axes, their right to the soil. Bancroft says:Š Upon the 27th [of March, 1634], the emigrants, 'of whom at least three parts of four were. Protestants, took quiet possession of the land which the governor had bought.° It is probable that the relative proportion of Catholics and Protestants in Maryland re-mained about the same, and though the gov-ernment was in the hands of the lord proprie-tary, who was a Catholic, it would have been ,,quite impossible for him, even had he desired to do so, to have denied toleration to so large a majority of his subjects. Bancroft says:Š In the mixed population of Maryland, where the administration was in the hands of Catholics, and the great majority of the , people were Protestants, there was no unanimity afr'sentiment out of which a domestic constitution could have harmoniously risen.° -This was about the time of the conflict in England between the Parliament and Charles I., and Lord Baltimore had to look well to his rights in order to retain any authority at all. Leonard Calvert, the proprietary's deputy, went to England in 1643 to consult with his brother, Lord Baltimore, about affairs of the colony. Claybourne was still claiming Kent Island, and the Presbyterians,' Episcopalians and Puritans, who formed a large proportion of Lord Baltimore's subjects, were restless under the authority of a Catholic, and were desirous of establishing Protestantism, -so-called, as the religion of the colony. In 1645, a petition was presented to the House of Lords, asking that the government 'of-  Maryland might be settled in the hands of Protestants. For some reason this petition was not acted upon, and " the politic Lord Baltimore," says Bancroft, " had ample time to prepare his own remedies: To appease the Parliament, he removed Greene [the Roman Catholic Governor], and in August, 1648, ap-pointed in his place Wm. Stone, a Protestant of the Church of England."' A very signi-ficant fact in this connection is that Lord Bal-timore required Governor Stone to take and subscribe the following oath:Š . I do further swear I will not by myself, nor any other perAon, directly trouble, molest, or discounte-nance any person whatsoever in the said province, professing to believe in Jesus Christ; and, in partic-ular, no Roman Catholic, for or in respect of his, or her religion, nor his or her free exercise thereof within said province, so as they be not unfaithful to his said lordship, or molest or conspire against the civil gov-ernment established under him.° This shows very clearly that instead of being in a.position to dictate to others in matters of faith, had he been so disposed, Lord Balti-more was apprehensive lest religious toleration might be denied to his co-religionists; as, in-deed, there was, a manifest disposition in the colony to do, and as the charter would have territory of the Narragansetts. In March, 1638, an Indian deed from Canonicus, and Miantonomoh made him the undis-puted possessor of an extensive domain."ŠHistory of the United States, Vol. I. Part I, chap 15, p. 254. This, it should be- remembered, was eleven years before the Maryland act of toleration. Moreover, Rhode Island had religious liberty from the first day of its settlement; and five years before the Maryland act of toleration, Williams pub-lished and defended in England his views of religious liberty. Bancroft says:Š " The principles which he [Williams] first sustained amid the bickerings of a colonial parish, next in the general court of Massachusetts, and then introduced into the wilds on Nar-ragansett Bay, he found occasion, in 1644, to publish in Eng-land, and to defend as the basis of the religious.freedom of mankind."ŠId., p. History of the United States," by Edmund Oilier, Vol. I, p. 77; published by the Cassell Publishing Co., New York. " History of the United States," Vol. I, Part I, chap. 10, p. 161. ° p. 166. Id., p. 167. 10  Id., p. 168. warranted, for at that time popery was out-lawed in England. It was in April of the following year that the act, already referred to, establishing reli-gious toleration, was passed. Bancroft says: " To quiet and unite the colony, all the of-fenses of the late rebellion were effaced by a general amnesty; and, at the instance of. the Catholic proprietary, the Protestant governor, Stone, and his council of six, composed equally of Catholics and Protestants, and the repre-sentatives of the people of.  Maryland, of whom [only] five were Catholics,' at a genera;. session of the assembly held in April, 1649, p'aced upon their statute books" " this act of toler-ation. It is not our purpose to deny that Lord Baltimore himself was a liberal-minded man; and it is very probable that he entertained charitable feelings toward Protestants. But even had this not been the case, his environ-ment and the circumstances under which 'he received and held his charter were such that he could not well have taken any other course than that which he did take in securing for his subjects religious toleration. England was at that time Protestant, so-called, and the Roger Williams Fleeing from Massachusetts. To escape transportation to England for his faith, Roger Williams fled from Salem, Mass., in January, 1636. He found a temporary shelter with the Indians, and within two years established at Providence, as Arnold says, " a pure democ-racy, which for the first time guarded jealously the rights of conscience by ignoring any power in the body politic to inter - fere with those matters that alone concern man and his Maker." charter granted Lord Baltimore by Charles I., established in effect the Anglican Church as the church of Maryland. It gave the lord proprietary authority to found " churches and chapels, and places of worship in convenient and suitable places within the premises; and of causing the same to be dedicated and conse-crated, according to Łthe ecclesiastical laws of our kingdom of England." " Speaking of this phase of the charter, 'Ban-croft says: "Christianity, as professed by the " History of the United States," Vol. I, Part I, chap. 10, p. 168. 12  "Federal and State Constitutions, Colonial Charters, and other Organic Laws of the United States," compiled under the order of the United States Senate, by Ben: Perley Poore, p. 812. The original charter is in Latin, but an excellent translation of a portion of it may be found on page 72 of " The Relation of Religion to Civil Government," published b y Putnam's Sons, New York. Church of England, was established [by the charter]; but the patronage and advowsons of churches were vested in the proprietary; and, as there was not an English statute, on reli-gion in which America was specially named, silence left room for the settlement of religious affairs by the colony." " But it would have been in flagrant violation of the charter to have established Roman Catholicism, for an express provision of that instrument was that all acts concerning religious establish-ments were to be "according to the ecclesias-tical laws of our kingdom of England." It will be seen at once that it was quite out of the question for Lord Baltimore to estab-lish the Catholic religion in Maryland ;" he did the only thing that was possible for him to do under the circumstances to secure even toler-ation for those of his own faith: he estab-lished religious toleration for all who professed faith in Christ; and the fact that representa-tive Catholics appeal to the history of Mary-land, in proof of the tolerant spirit of Catho-licism, demonstrates the paucity of such evi-dence. But even if all that is claimed for Maryland were true, it would by no means establish the claim that is made in behalf of Rome. Car-dinal Gibbons himself states the principle which dominates Rome everywhere. He says:Š Many Protestants seem to be very much disturbed by some such argument as this: Catholics are very ready now to proclaim freedom of conscience, because they are in the minority. When they once succeed in getting the upper band in numbers and power, they will destroy this freedom, because their faith teaches them to tolerate no doctrine other than the Catholic. It is, then, a matter of absolute necessity for us that they should never be allowed to get this advantage. Now, in all this, there is a great mistake, which comes from not knowing the Catholic doctrine in its fullness. I shall not lay it.down myself, lest it seem to have been gotten up for the occasion. I shall quote the great theologian Becalms, who taught the doctrine of the schools of Catholic theology at the time when the struggle was hottest between Catholicity and Protestantism. He says that religious liberty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the State or to the community to repress it. . . . This is true Catholic teaching on this point, according to Becanus and all Catholic theologians.15  This is indeed, as the cardinal states, " the true Catholic teaching upon this point," and it ought to be universally recognized as such by Protestants. When Rome grants tolera-tion she does not do it as a matter of, princi-ple, but as a matter of policy; and as a matter of policy, partial religious toleration was es-tablished in Maryland. -0- THE " CHRISTIAN STATESMAN'S " UNCHRIS-TIAN INTOLERANCE. THE Christian Statesman, as might be ex-pected, is out with a defense of the prosecu-tion of Seventh-day Adventists. It has been moved to this by the stinging criticisms of intolerance made by such papers as the New York Tribune and the Christian Intelligencer. The Statesman asserts that "not a single individual in any State of the Union has been prosecuted for keeping the seventh day as the Sabbath." We would like the Statesman to reconcile this assertion with the fact that in the neighborhoods where Adventists have 12  " History of the United States," Vol. I, Part I, chap. 10, p. 168. 14 The "American Cyclopsedin," article " Calvert, says: It does not appear that Lord Baltimore, or any of the set-tlers, had an intention on founding the colony of proclaiming absolute religious freedom, and one of the first acts of the assembly of 1639 was to make the Roman Catholic religion the creed of the' State." We have not verified this state-ment, but the assembly.of 1640 declared that the "holy church, within this province, shall have and enjoy all her rights, liber-ties, and franchises, wholly and without blemish." See Ban-croft's " History of the United States," Vol. I, Part I, chap. 10. 16  " Faith of Our Fathers," pp. 268, 269. 