48 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. '142e Arr2erieal2 Be0h2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. DOCTOR CRAFTS says of the Sunday in poli-tics:Š " Its enemies have already attacked it on the field of politics." But "its enemies" never attacked it on the field of politics until its friends attempted to sustain it on the field of politics. The first advances into the field of politics were by the Sunday-law forces, the guantlet was by them first thrown down upon the political field, and if " its enemies" accepted the chal-lenge, its friends have but themselves to blame. IN the matter between England and Ire-land the Pope has spoken, and has spoken in favor of England, as was the foregone conclu-sion, because on the side of England is power, and it is official recognition by the power of England which just now the Pope wants more than any other imaginable thing. Be-sides this, the Pope knows that Catholic Ire-land is forever secure to the Papacy what-ever he may do, and therefore he can afford to traffic with England at Ireland's expense to any extent that the necessities of the case may demand. If Consistency were an attrib-ute of the Papacy, then consistency would demand that the Pope should have decided this question just as he did, because it was the Pope who first gave Ireland to England. But the question of consistency never enters into any action of the Papacy; the sole ques-tion always is, What will advance the inter-ests of the Papacy ? And as now the su-preme consideration is to secure the recog-nition of the Pope as a sovereign, England must be favored. o Ł o IN his argument before the Senate Com-mittee in behalf of National Sunday legisla-tion, Dr. Crafts started out with the statement "A national evil requires a national remedy." Well, that depends. If it be meant by this that any evil that is as widespread as is the Nation, must be met by a remedy that is as widespread as is the Nation; or if it be meant that an evil done by the national power, should be remedied by the national powerŠthen, very good, that is only to say that the plaster must cover the sore, and is self-evident. But if it be meant that any evil that is as wide-spread as is the Nation must be met by a rem-edy applied by national power, then no proposi-tion can be more fallacious. It might very properly be said that covetousness and selfish greed is a national evil, but no remedy that could ever be applied by national power could effect anything at all toward curing- the evil. Sin might be said to be a national evilŠit is  as much so as many of the things which Mr. Crafts mentionsŠbut no remedy that can ever be applied by national power can affect sin in any way but to increase it. From Mr. Crafts's whole argument, it is evident that it is in this latter sense that his proposition is to be understood. But a moment's thought shows that the proposition as meant is to be taken with decided limitations. National evils require national remedies only when those evils are such as to be within the just province of civil government; and such the Sunday question is not in any of its forms. Ł Ł  4. PASSING by a cigar stand the other day, we saw in bold letters the following free advice : "Smoke Sanitary Cigars!" and straightway we began to wonder what kind of cigars san-itary cigars could be. We could not think of anything that could make cigars healthful except the absence of tobacco, and that evi-dently was not what the enterprising cigar vender meant to suggest. Finallk we con-cluded that sanitary cigars are just the ordi-nary vile compounds that we meet on the cars and the ferry-boats, and that their sanitary property is the same as that of certain "dis-infectants,"Šthey smell so bad that people are forced to open the windows, and so they get a little fresh air. Even with that view, we think that "sanitary cigars" are a failure, for they usually smell bad enough to vitiate all the air in the neighborhood. Ordinary air stands no show in the presence of a dozen men with cigars. THE Christian Union's Chicago correspond-ent, commenting on the fact that Dr. Fulton was not allowed by the city authorities to fill his appointment to lecture on the topic, " Is Popery in the Way? " because they feared a riot, thinks that refusal was unnecessary, and adds: "It surely is a dishonor to the Catholic Church if it is supposed that bloodshed would result if ever so violent addresses were made against it." Indeed it is a dishonor to that church, and a dishonor which it has brought upon itself many times. _The Catho-lic Church has had about fourteen centuries of such dishonor, for everybody who knows anything about that church knows that when it has had the power it has never hesitated to shed the blood of those who spoke against it. No man's life would be safe if.he should go into any community in the United States, where the Catholics are numerous, and should openly tell the truth concerning that church. A false religion has no other argument at its command but violence. The following item from the Michigan Chris-tian Advocate, which came to our notice just after the above was written, is a very good comment on the Christian Union's statement that the Catholic Church is too good to cause blood to flow in consequence of addresses made against it:Š "Michael Welch was telling a Gladwin au-dience why he left the Catholic Church, when a party of men entered the room, and in-forming him that they were after blood., be-gan throwing bottles at his head,"  AN apparently specious argument in favor of Sunday legislation, and one eminently satisfactory to those who make it, is this:The liberty of rest for each demands a law of rest for all." Here are some kindred propositions : The liberty of worship for each demands a law of worship for all. The liberty of prayer for each demands a law of prayer for all. The liberty of singing psalms for each demands a law of singing psalms for all. The liberty of going to church for each demands a law of going to church for all. And thus we might extend such propositions to an infinite length, every one of them being just as sound as is the one set forth by those Sunday-law advo-cates. The truth is that the liberty of rest for each demands nothing at all, unless it be that each shall be allowed to exercise his lib-erty or not, just as he in his liberty chooses. The proposition that "the liberty of rest for each demands a law of rest for all," is a pal-pable absurdity. What these Sunday-law advocates mean to say is about as follows: We, in the exercise of our liberty of rest, de-mand a law that shall compel everybody else to rest just as we do. They will probably get their law in the end, but they will never ac-complish their purpose with it, even though they do get it. , NOT long since in the town of Livermore, California, a Catholic boy named Michael Hartigan went to a base-ball game instead of going to Catholic Church one Sunday. In the afternoon of the same day the boy met the Catholic priest in the road, when the ptiest took him severely to task in the way of a tongue-lashing, and finished it off by beat-ing him with a cane. It is into the hands of such religious worthies as this, that the Sun-day-law advocates want to put the power to prosecute everybody who does not choose to keep Sunday as they shall dictate. We are happy to announce that the priest was con-victed of battery. But when everybody's ac-tions on Sunday shall, by law, be made sub-ject to the Officious surveillance of such relig-ious meddlers as this, then what protection, what security, will there be for anybody? BIBLE SALTOTIVŁIC.A.q.`ioLi: A CONTRAST OP TRUE AND FALSE THEORIES. BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. This is a pamphlet of only 84 pages, but its value is not to he judged by its size. It is just what its title indicates: a faithful presentation of Bible truth on this important subject, and an exposure of the false theories prevailing in regard to it. Every believer in Bible truth should read it. Buy it, read it, and lend it to your neighbor. Price, 10 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL, 