182 ANIIIMILZIECA-N SIMNTINIMILA VOL. 11, Isto. 28. is told by George T. Fisher and James R. Tyler, both of whom are given a good name by the Pawtucket police. The First Bullet Fatal. They say that Mountain ordered the officers to leave, as they had the right to use the property, and that Officer Nearey, without other provocation, pulled his revolver and shot twice at Conners, who had not spoken a, word. The first ball went directly through his heart, and as he fell Nearey sent the other bullet through the top of his head, while the other officer, not content with what had been done, drew his pocket billy and began to pound the dead man on the head. In a moment there was an uproar. The crowd surrounded the officers and Tyler seized Nearey's pistol hand by the wrist. He grab-bed him also around the neck and succeeded in pulling him to the ground. There the men fought like demons, Tyler, as he says, having no other intention than to prevent further bloodshed. Twice Nearey pressed the muzzle of his pistol against Tyler's abdo-men and each time Tyler was quick enough to prevent him from pulling the trigger. At last Tyler managed to get the muzzle of the pistol between the first and second fingers of his hand, and it was in this position when Nearey managed to pull the trigger three times. The first shot struck Dan Mountain in the abdomen and he died almost without a struggle. At this Tyler freed Nearey, and as the latter arose and looked at the two dead bodies, he said: " Gentlemen, I'm sorry, but I lost control of my temper." Then the Officer Ran. He then turned and ran up the hill, the crowd close at his heels, throwing stones after the thoroughly frightened officer. Some of these struck him on the head, and although the blood was trickling down his face, he did not stop until he reached the top of the hill, where he met Deputy Sheriff Brown. He placed Nearey in the charge of Briggs and sent him home while he remained to pacify the excited crowd. Mr. Parker, who owns the farm, corrobo-rated the story of the men in every particular. He says that the club was perfectly orderly and that the shooting was entirely unpro-voked. Nearey is now at home suffering severely from the punishment he received, but a writ will be issued for his arrest in the morning. Conners was twenty-eight years old and leaves a widow and seven children, the oldest eight years and the youngest a few months old. Mountain was thirty-two and had a wife and three children. GOD IN THE CONSTITUTION. [The Examiner, Butte, Mont., May 14.] IN the columns of the Examiner we have before referred to God in the Constitution. Oar attention is once more called to it by a portion of a recent letter from Supreme Pres-ident Traynor, in which he refers to the joint resolution introduced by Congressman Morse, to amend the Constitution of the United States by inserting the words: "Acknowledg-ing Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government, our Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as the supreme authority in civil affairs." As Traynor well and aptly says: " If this remarkable and dangerous proposal had erni-nated from the pen of the Pope of Rome him- self, it could not have been more inimical to the true spirit of our national govern-ment." In the canon law of the church of Rome, Art. 9 reads, " That the pontiff was called God by the pious Prince Constantine, and that as God he cannot be judged as man." Art. 10, " That he as God is far above the reach of all human law and judgment." Let Protestants, and all true Americans, consider this question and ask themselves fairly what the result would be, and what opportu-nities the introduction of God in the Con-stitution would present to the Roman hier-archy. It is not our purpose here and 'now to speak of those of the Jewish faith, of liberals and agnostics, who by such introduction would be disfranchised. As the Constitution now stands, it guarantees to all perfect civil and religious liberty. With the proposed change the way would be opened to unlimited strife, bickering and contentions which if ever de-cided in favor of any would result in injustice to the rest. EULOGIZING WAR. IN a speech delivered in St. Louis, Mo., May 9, Archbishop Ireland alluded to the agitation in behalf of international arbitra-tion, in these words:Š War is the great instigator of patriotism. If we come to a stage where everything in dispute is to be peacefully settled, we will gradually lose the interest in the affairs of our country in its relation with other governments that now animates us. The policy of the Papacy is consistent with war as well as with international arbitration. It knows how to turn each to its advantage. But we can well afford to dispense with that bloodthirsty brand of " patriotism " which cannot be kept alive without being fed upon the ghastly horrors of war. THE STATE AS A RELIGIOUS TEACHER. [Present Truth, London, Eng.] THE dullest observer of events in the relig-ious education controversy can now see very plainly why the Roman Catholic Church has always favored compulsory religious teaching in the Board schools, even when they had the gravest objections to what was taught. The great thing with Rome was to have the prin ciple of State-taught religion maintained, trusting in its own power to turn the prin- ciple to the direct advantage of the Roman Church. We remember commenting on this seven or eight years ago in these columns, quoting from the chief organ of the Catholic Church in England to show that, while they held the religion taught to be little better than hea-thenism, still they regarded those who were insisting that the Board schools should give religions instruction as "doing the work of the Pope as surely as if they were his hired emis-saries." They said:Š Every year that passes sees a widening of the circle to which Catholic influences extend in this country. The day will certainly come when the true religion will be placed before the common people of England as it has not been placed before them since the time of Henry VIII. At that time it was perhaps hardly supposed, even by them, that by 1896 they would be working in the lobbies of the House of Com-mons, with fair promise of success, in favor  of a bill practically establishing their own schools. The bill does not go far enough to suit them, it is true, but the Pope, according to a recent dispatch, says that it is possible to tolerate the bill, and so it is accepted as a further confirmation of the purely papal prin-ciple that the State should be the servant of the Church, do as it is told, and pay the bills. So the hierarchy in England has issued an episcopal message favoring the partial endow-ment of their schools:Š The Education Bill now before Parliament has our goodwill and approval, because it proposes to recog-nize by statute Voluntary and Christian schools as an integral part of the national system of elementary education. It embodies a Christian principle which, as Catholic bishops, we must ever assert and maintain. That principle is that Christian parents possess an indefeasible natural right to have their children taught catechetically by approved teachers the definite doctrines of Christian faith and morals. Those who have all along insisted on having a little religion made compulsory in the Board schools now find themselves illy prepared to struggle against this direct establishment of State-paid Catholic teaching. The Catholics, Roman and Anglican, both retort that the Protestant element has always wanted com-pulsory religious teaching, and they can say that the objectors to the proposed scheme differ only in degree and not in principle. Everything is working out in Rome's favor simply because the papal principle of advanc-ing religion by human authority and political scheming will always work out in favor of the papal religion. The preaching of the Word Šnot by the State, but by those who believe Šis the only thing that succeeds against Rome. QUEER BRANDS OF " CHRISTIANITY." THE San Francisco Monitor (Roman Cath-olic) of May 9, has this note:Š The account of the " Trilby Auction " in one of the Sunday papers throws a curious light on the methods of the Epworth Leaguers. The auction was held in a Methodist church for the purpose of raising the back salary of the preacher. The village belles, old, middle-aged and young stood behind a curtain and their feet were auctioned off. If this is Christianity, it is a mighty queer brand. This kind of " Christianity" will do to go with another " queer brand" exhibited of late to a considerable extent by this Methodist or-ganization, in the support it has given to the movement to secure religious legislation. It is a " queer brand " of Christianity indeed which aims to compel men to religious obser-vances by the power of the civil arm. The two brands go well together. Both are indi-cations of the absence of the power and Spirit of Christ. SUNDAY NEWSPAPERS AND SUNDAY SER- MONS. [Detroit Free Press, May 4, 1896.] A KALEIDOSCOPIC view of yesterday's ser-mons is strikingly suggestive of the modern Sunday newspapers. The various pulpit dis-courses contained a little of politics, a little of stage gossip, a little of religion, a little of society, a little of advertising, a little of liter-ature, and a little of various other elements that go to make up the Sunday newspapers. In addition there was a great deal of editorial comment, and opiniated matter that could hardly be classified. One preacher denounced the theater as a cesspool of immorality and vice. Another warmly commended the thea- 