150 AMERICAN SENTINEL. port of the ruler [the sultan]. . . . The pasha is in his own person the military leader and administrator of justice for the pleasure of the sultan!" Whatever may be the present relations between the United States and Turkey, one thing is certain, which is that in case the sultan declares war against Christians and decides they shall be massacred (a thing which he has frequently done and is likely to do again in the near future), the pasha of the Sulu Islands, will most assuredly act "for the pleasure of the sultan," and o f course the sultan will stand by him. And there is no end to such complications resulting from departures from both profession and principles on the part of the United States. What striking changes are coming over the United States Government, hitherto regarded as the pearl of nations, because of its exalted profession which, in a great measure, it exemplified before the world! Before the high profession and heaven-born principles lying at the very foundation of this Government, tyrants and oppressors once quailed, and lovers of freedom once re-joiced, being favorably affected by the powerful logic of eternal truths practically carried out and by visible, unmistakable tokens of rich showers of heavenly bless-ings resting on a nation largely exceptional as to its doctrine and practise. Under such circumstances, both tyrants and lovers of liberty united in calling the United States a happy and blessed nation. Other nations, as if drawn to the right by an invisible, supernatural magnet, aimed, as far as possible, to copy and utilize the noble principles of the American Republic. From the force of circum-stances, they voiced the sentiment of these words with regard to the Israelites, uttered by an ancient seer: "The people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." Num. 23:9. They said, "This nation has plenty of good territory on which to expand and prosper and on which to exemplify the principles of civil and religious liberty: and surely, true to their pro-fession, she will not grasp after territory east of the Atlantic." But how changed the course of the great Republic, and how changed the language of those who once lauded it and held it in admiration! Their language now is: "That nation is departing from its profession and prin-ciples; and what will be the end of such a course?" How applicable to this nation are becoming these words with regard to the Jewish nation, uttered in anguish by the weeping prophet: "How is the gold become dim! How is the most fine gold changed!" Lam. 4:1. Even now there comes from some religionists in the United States more than an intimation that Sunday legisla-tion should assume such a phase that it can be possible legally to inflict the death pen ilty upon violators, even on those who cannot conscientiously keep Sunday. Thus we see in the United States a gradual but sure going back on the doctrine that all should be allowed  to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience, and on theŁBible doctrine that, so far as re-ligious duties are concerned, the power of choosing or refusing to obey, should be left free and untrammeled. And doubtless some readers of the SENTINEL will here call to mind the following pertinent question asked by discerning Frenchmen at Chicago in 1893, upon seeing the gates of the Chicago Exposition closed on Sunday according to the Sunday bill then recently passed by the Congress of the United States: "Is this the American liberty for which Lafayette, Washington and others ventured their fortunes, their lives, their all?" Love the Test of Religion. BY NV. S. RITCHIE. THE test of a religion is whether it "works by love and purifies the heart." A religion that works by force does not purify the heart but only changes through fear the outward actions. There is no love in these actions, and as there is no love there is no keeping of the law, for "love is the fulfilling of the law." A person never loves to do what he is forced to do, for if he did he would do it before and without being forced to do it. A thing good in itself if done in love amounts to nothing if done without love. Authority for this is Paul's statement that if he gave all his goods to feed the poor and his body to be burned and have not love, he is nothing. The same rule will apply to church at-tendance and many other such things. False religions in all times have always discovered their true character by using force instead of winning by love after the manner of Jesus and of the apostles after they were converted. So well do the propagators of false religions know that using force is a sure indicator of the falsity of their teachings, that they try in various ways to hide it and to appear to be working by love after the manner of Christ. But if the way of apparent love or charity does not cause people to submit to them they sooner or later lose all self restraint and break out in anger and force against those who resist them. But "what would Jesus do" in such a case? He wept over Jerusalem when no hope remained that they would lisben more to his teach-idgs. He did no more. He did not use force to make them follow him or do right. We have heard it said that "might makes right." We may say further by the same philosophy that "will makes right." "Where there is a will there's a way" to do wrong as well as right. It is wonderful how many good reasons can be thought of for doing a wrong thing when the mind and heart are set that way. Some boys once went down to look through the orchard fence at 