tttttt . . ...... Equal and &xact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or Versua8ion, Velissious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JULY 28, 1892. NUMBER 29. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., limy YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE following private letter, which we are permitted to publish, will be readily understood by all those familiar with the facts in the cases of the Henry County, Tenn., Adventists, suffering imprisonment for working on Sunday :Š Henry Co. Jail, Paris, Tenn., July 17, 1892. MR.  Dear Brother: I will drop you a few lines to let you know how things are shaping them-selves here. Brother Dortch's time was out yester-day, and he went home. His buggy has been levied on, and is advertised to be sold on the Sab-bath to pay the State costs, amounting in his case to $1.0.65. The sheriff came in last evening and told us that we would have to go out on the public road and work at forty cents per day to pay the rest of our costs. One of the jail committee says that we will have to work on the Sabbath. We do not know what we will have to suffer when we refuse to work on the Sabbath. It is going to be very hard on us to go out in the hot sun to work after being shut up so long. I tell you things are closing in on us very fast. To be a Seventh-day Adventist in Tennessee means a great deal. Old laws in regard to fines and costs that have been covered up and ignored for years are being looked up in order to inflict heavier punish-ment on us. But we are of good courage in the Lord. Your brother in Christ, W. S. LOWRY. IT will be remembered that in the trial of the writer of this letter, the Attorney- General said :Š The Constitution guarantees to him, and to every other citizen, the right to keep Saturday if he sees proper, . . . and guarantees to him the same protection that is given to other citizens of this commonwealth, . . . but he must not work on Sunday. But now this is changed ; and the law of Tennessee affords this man no protection in keeping Saturday, thb seventh day, but compels him to woi1 on that day under  the penalties usually inflicted in prisons for breach of prison discipline. It is abso-lutely false that Sunday laws leave people free to keep another day. Šo  Š ANOTHER illustration of how Sunday laws do not leave men free to observe another day,was furnished some time since in Maryland. The facts were published in THE SENTINEL at the time, but we give them again: April 23, 1892, William E. Hubbard, a Seventh-day Adventist was summoned to testify as a witness in a law-suit in Chestertown, Md. He declined to be sworn or to testify on the ground that as it was the Sabbath he could not con-scientiously testify. The Judge said :Š The law says that we shall observe but one day as the Sabbath, and that day is commonly called Sunday; and sir, you must either testify or go to jail. The young man went to jail for his fidelity to his religious convictions. He certainly was not left free to keep the seventh day. Š0Š ARKANSAS furnishes still another recent illustration of the freedom (?) enjoyed un-der Sunday laws to observe another clay. Only a few weeks since, John Huddleston, a Seventh-day Adventist living near Van Buren, Ark., was summoned to serve on a jury. He went to the Judge and asked to be excused on the ground that he could not conscientiously serve on Saturday, as he regarded that day as the Sabbath. The Judge answered : " I do not recognize your Sabbath. You have got to obey the laws of the State." We have not yet learned the finale of the case, but certainly Mr. Huddleston was not left perfectly free to observe any day. Even if he was finally excused it was only by the courtesy of the Judge, and no man is free who is dependent on the whim of another for the right to obey his conscientious convictions. -0-- SUNDAY laws leave nobody free, for one is not free to do that which he is compelled to do. Freedom to do implies equal free-dom not to do. Nobody thinks of saying,  " I am free to pay taxes ;" or, " I am free to do jury duty;" or, " I am free to pay duty on imports." On the contrary, a man says, " I must go and pay my taxes ;" " I have been summoned on a jury and must serve;" or, " I will have to pay $500 duty on those goods from Liverpool." The good citizen is willing to do all these things when he feels that the good of the country requires it, but he never speaks of being freeto do them; he does them from obligation, not from volition. -0 Š THE Chicago Tribune, of July 10, quotes " a leading attorney " of Paris, Tenn., as denying that there is in the cases of the imprisoned Adventists any element of persecution. In this, however, he di-rectly contradicts Judge Hammond, of the United States °District Court, who, while in sympathy with Sunday laws and the enforcement of them, said in the case of the late R. M. King:Š It is a somewhat humiliating spectacle to see the Sunday advocates trying to justify the continuance of Sunday legislation . . . upon the argument that it is not in conflict with the civic dogma of religious freedom. It surely is. Yet in the face of every constitutional provision, State and national, touching the question, Judge Hammond persists in justifying this palpable conflict with the civic dogma of religious freedom, by still arguing thatŠ the bare fact that the mass [of the people] desires Sunday as the public day of rest, is enough to jus-tify its civic sanction; and the potentiality of the fact that it is in aid of the religion. of that mass might be frankly confessed and not denied. In this the Judge not only admits that which the " leading attorney " of Paris denies, namely, that enforcing the Ten-nessee Sunday law against observers of the seventh day is religious persecution, but he attempts to justify it. If this prin-ciple is to prevail, all that is required to make religious persecution again general is the demand of the " mass " of the peo-ple. And that in this we do not misrep-resent Judge Hammond is evident from his own words, as follows:Š It is also noticeable that the early Christians com- 