JUNE' 8, 1898. A-M1 kelt CAW SIE.Ic'r Eur_,. 181 fore such a breach of contract, on the part of the Government, as to relieve the directors from their obligations, entered into in the acceptance of the proviso at- tached to the contract for the appropria-tion required in the act of Congress. An intervening petition opposing the granting of the injunction, and in favor of Sunday closing, was filed in this case by an attorney for the American Sabbath Union; referring to the argument of this attorney the Judge said :Š "This is a Christian Nation," says the interven-ing petitioner, and " Christianity," says his counsel, "is a part of the law of the land," and, therefore, the injunction should not be granted. In the "Bill of Rights," being article 2 of the constitution of Illinois, the people of the State have declared : " The free exercise and enjoyment of religious pro-fession and worship, without discrimination, shall forever be guaranteed; and no preference shall be given by law to any denomination or mode of wor-ship." There is a well-known Christian sect, the adherents of which believe that Saturday and not Sunday is the proper and rightful day of rest and worship; and even among those who regard Sun-day as the proper day there is serious differences of opinion as to the manner in which it should be kept. In this as in other countries there are mill-ions of professing Christians who see no wrong in taking recreation on Sunday. Even if Christianity be imbedded in the lawŠwhich is not free from legal doubtŠyet it by no means follows that the Christian religion, as practiced by large numbers of its devout believers, requires the Fair to be closed Sunday. It is next objected that for the court to grant the injunction asked for would be a violation of the law of the State, because section 317 of our criminal code provides that " whoever disturbs the peace and good order of society by labor or any amuse-ment or diversion Sunday shall be fined not to exceed $25 " It is assumed by the intervening petitioner and his counsel that keeping the Fair open Sundays will result in a disturbance of the peace. As a cit-izen, the Court, with many others, is of the opinion that under the conditions known to prevail in this community the opening of the Fair Sundays, in-stead of disturbing, will directly and powerfully conduce to "the peace and good order," and, one may safely add, to the education and elevation "of society." In regard to the plea that Jackson Park, in which the Exposition is located, is a public park dedicated to the people, and that the usufruct of this public ground is in them forever, Judge Stein said :Š By the act of the legislature providing for the location and maintenance of the South Park, the commissioners are to hold and manage the park grounds, " subject to such rules and regulations as shall from time to time be adopted by them or theft' representatives for the well-ordering and regulation of the same." Under this provision the commis-sioners may make such rules and regulations as are reasonable and proper to effect the purposes for which the park system was established. It does not appear that the " agreement " to close the park was entered into in pursuance of any rule or regu-lation made by the commissioners, or that any rule was made by them regulating the admission to the park Sunday or any other day. Upon the showing now made, and even regarding the "agreement" as a rule, the Court is not in a position to determine whether it is a reasonable exercise of the powers conferred upon the commissioners. It devolves upon those who claim that the exclusion of the public Sundays was rightful to show the reason-ableness of the action taken in that regard. This not having been done the complainant is entitled, on the face of his bill, to a preliminary injunction as prayed for. The temporary injunction being thus granted, Wednesday, the 7th of June, was set for a final hearing on the motion for a perpetual injunction. W. H. M. Chicago, May 29. Ł-Ł  - ANY religion which is not of sufficient value in itself to pay men for professing it, is not worth professing, much less is it worth supporting by the State. In gen-uine Christianity there is a virtue and a value which make it worth more to him who possesses it than all the world can afford. " What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul?" Protestants Keeping Sunday Holy. [Apropos of that which we have repeatedly said relative to the only authority for Sunday observ-ance, is the following article from the Kansas City Catholic, of Feb. 9, 1893. We give the article entire. The reader will observe that the scripture quotations are from the Douay version, which, however, in these texts, does not differ materially from the King James.] THE agitation for and against " the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday," brings the strangeŠin fact, wildŠincon-sistency of the Protestants in keeping Sunday holy under a flood of light. In an article in the Mid-Continent some weeks ago, entitled, " The Change of Day Question," the position taken in defense of Protestants observing Sunday as a holy day is more than ordinarily ludicrous. In reply to a question put to it by a correspondent as to why Prot-estants have changed the Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday, and as to why they do not keep Saturday the Sabbath day, and keep it holy, the Mid- Continent says :Š The difficulty which our correspondent has upon the subject is the same that others have experi-enced, viz: in expecting to find in the Scriptures a legislative injunction in favor of a particular day. If there be no " particular day " set apart, why decree that either Sunday or Saturday, or any other "particular day" be observed ? This is among the most extraordinary assertions that we have seen, even in defense of Protestantism, and that is pursuing the possibility of assertion to its limit. That book so much abused by Protestants that their inconsistencies and contradictions over it have destroyed all firm belief in it among the masses in even their own "membership," the BibleŠ" the Scriptures " spoken of in the above Šhas this " legislative injunction " in it, commanding, under pain of punishment here and hereafter, " a particular day," and that day Saturday for "the Sab-bath." Let us quote the Scriptures And the Lord spoke all these words. . . . RE-MEMBER that thou keep holy the Sabbath day. . . . The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; thou shalt do no work on it; thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy man-servant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy beast, nor the stranger that is within thy gates. FOR [because] in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and the sea, and all things that are in them, and rested on the seventh day; THEREFORE, the Lord blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it. Exodus 20. God here tells them to " remember," what had always been a command from the beginning, and refers them back to the creation of the world for the original command and its cause. The "injunction" being to "keep holy the Sabbath day," being "the seventh day" of the week as time was measured from the beginning by man. This is repeated, again and again in chapters 23:10, 11, 12; 31:13-17; 34:21; 35: 1-3; Lev. 23:3-8. And in memory of the injunction, the command, given to Adam at the beginning, because God " rested on the seventh day," Sat-urday, and commanded that "particular day " to be kept holyŠto prevent their ever forgetting the day of the weekŠthey were made to set every seventh year apart as the Sabbath year, so as to in-destructibly inculcate and commemorate the day among the Jews, so that they could not forget that the seventh day of the week, Saturday, was "the Sabbath." (See Lev. 25:4; Num. 19:4.) If the editor of the Mid- Continent had never seen a Bible, this refreshing statement would be excusable. But in the sect,  in men who claim that all religion is within the leaves of this very Bible of which all the foregoing string of testi-monies are a part, this is a stretch of desperation so foolish that we did not think that even a bad case would drive any one to it. THE DIVINE COMMAND TO KEEP SAT- URDAY. The Mid- Continent continues:Š A divine precept did not lay- the foundation of the Sabbath at the beginning of the world's his-tory. No one, if challenged could have pointed in the first twenty-five hundred years of the world's career to a single divine command ordaining the Sabbath. When the Lord spoke on Mount Sinai, the Bible tells us that he told all man-kind that in the very first hour of the world's career, he did give a " divine command ordaining the Sabbath," and in now attempting to explain away the Sab-bath, we hope (with all due reverence to the name of God, even in battling with the marvelous squirming of the sects) that these sectaries will not claim that God was untruthful on Mount Sinai. But if some good Presbyterian will loan this Presbyterian editor a copy of the Bible, besides the statement given from God on Sinai, and the other testimonies we have given from the Scriptures, the first two chapters in the Bible will contradict him. THE DAY THAT ADAM OBSERVED. The Mid- Continent continues:Š Did Adam observe the seventh or the first day of the week ? The record shows that man's first full day on earth was the Sabbath. His Sabbath was not on Saturday, but on the day commonly called Sunday. It was on the first day of the week. As it is not possible that the editor of the Mid-Continent never saw and read a Bible, he evidently wishes to cover over an irreparable blunder by a foolish mis-statement. The first two chapters of the Bible tell him:Š And God . . . said: let us make man to our image and likeness. . . . And God created man to his own image ; to the image of God he created them. . . . And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. Gen. 1: 25-25. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done. And he blessed the seventh day and sanctified it. Gen. 2: 1-3. Adam was created on the sixth day, and the " seventh day " was " blessed " and " sanctified" for him, and he was commanded to keep the seventh day the " Sabbath day," which is as distinct a command to not keep the first day or any other day but the seventh day, Saturday. And to render plain and make the day unmistakable through all time the Jewish posterity of Adam divided all time into weeks and kept the seventh day of each week, Saturday, as God commanded Adam, and as God again commanded Moses, and as the Jews were reminded and continuously commanded in the Bible ever since. And too, as far as a com-mand and its capital enforcement could make the command imperishable, the Sabbath-breaker, the man who does not both keep Saturday as the Sabbath and keep Saturday "holy," is commanded by the Bible to be punished with death. Num. 15:32-36. The Catholic Church abrogated "the Sabbath " and made the change of day from Saturday to Sunday by virtue of the power conferred upon her by Christ when he said : "All power is given to me in heaven and on earth." Matt. 28: 18. " Whatsoever you shall bind upon earth, 