AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 563 The contest is said to be raging now with great bit.. terness, and people in this country should take warning from such object lessons and carefully avoid all ground for such unhappy controversy here. Religious teaching cannot be put upon a par with the teaching of arithmetic or geography. All true religion is taught by the Word of God and the Holy Spirit. A VICTORY has been scored at Cleveland by the church party who are working to secure Sunday observance by law. On August 31, Judge Neff granted a temporary in-junction against Sunday ball playing in that city, and this is regarded as a fatal blow to Sunday sport there. Ł Nations and War. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. WHY is it that the very words "nation" and "war" seem almost to be synonymous terms ? No sooner does a feeble State begin to push its puny head up into political air and to struggle for a breathing space and standing room, but it must strive with competitors for' a bare ex-istence. There seems to be an idea abroad that there is not room enough for any State, whether it be large or small, to live within its own borders. A province becomes a duchy, the duchy gathers an army and forthwith expands into a State of power and pretensions. Its ruler audaciously robs a contiguous realm of part of that realm's territory and fights through a term of years for possession of his new acquirement, and thus a powerful kingdom is established, a covetous eye is cast over a mass of adjoining States, they are an-nexed with their consent more or less forced, and the kingdom has become an empire, and the end is not yet; the empire reaches after more and still more possessions; it has become one of a family of empires, each wanting the earth, and every step of the history of each of those countries has been a war. This is very like the story of the growth of every im-portant nation in the world; war, war; either threatened or actual, upon any or upon no provocation. Look in any direction we may and each independent State ap-pears like a gigantic individual whose face wears a contin-uous scowl. The ugly look is sometimes thinly wreathed with smiles, but no one is deceived thereby; the smiles are those of one whose both hands are armed and whose in-tentions are known to be hostile. The constant, constant strife and rivalry for power, place, preferment, employment, wages, upon the part of human beings, is seen in magnified proportions and more forbidding aspect in the case of nations. For a nation to entirely disarm is to invite encroachment or revolu-tion. When an individual refuses to carry weapons, to have hem in the house, or to resent affronts and injuries;  when meekness is made an attribute to the character, it seems as if all surroundings become hostile, and octopus tentacles of ill will reach toward the defenceless seemingly from every quarter; and a nation living with peaceful intentions toward its own and other peoples, unarmed and following only the pursuits of peace, with no menace in its looks and naught but friendliness in its life, would perish from the face of the earth before the covetous pro-pensities of the national beasts of prey around it. Such a nation in this world is impossible except it be a scat-tered people as the Christian nation, the isolated, earth-strewn Israel of God. The King of such a people, breathing peace to all, could not live upon earth. He was crucified because he was of a loving and a peaceful nature. Peace is not the natural condition here, nor is it permanently desired by the world's people. Nations are armed for battle and de-sire to show their powers. But the increase of Christ's government "shall be peace as long as the moon endureth." Tallmadge, Ohio. " Faith Cure." IT seems evident that the boasted enlightenment and progress of the nineteenth century has done little if any-thing to free the minds of the masses of the people from superstition. For never, apparently, were there so many bogus "healers" in the country claiming to exercise divine power, as there are to day ; and all seem to be doing a thriving business. The term "faith cure" is commonly applied to the work of these frauds, about which there is, in strict truth, neither faith nor cure. The only "faith" that is present in such cases is a blind confidence in the powers of the "healer," and the only cure that follows is a product of the imagination or of the unseen spiritual agencies of evil. There is a true faith cure; and its existence is argued by the presence of that which is counterfeit. Not only this, but that we have reached a time when it is to be es-pecially manifested, is indicated unmistakably by the marked revival of superstition which is seen in the land to-day. It is the devil's plan to flood the world with counterfeit imitations of that which is genuine, in order that people may be deceived and accept the false for the true. What, then, is true faith cure? The answer is simple. It is the power of God manifested in the healing of disease through faith. And what is faith? Is it a mere blind confidence in somebody? Is it something devoid of rea-son? No; certainly not. There is nothing more reason able than to believe in the power of God. We see the manifestations of God's power on every hand. What is it that causes life and growth in all the world around us? It is not ourpower ; no, nor the power of any man nor of any government. Is it then power 