OCTOBER 31, 1895. ii-i,i-EXCAN 341 protection to minorities against the forces exercised by majoritiesŠit is to protect the weak against the strong. When, therefore, the State legislature, the executive, or any other power attempts to in-terfere with one's freedom respecting Sabbath rest, the constitution steps in and calls a halt. It directs that no power of the State shall in-terfere with private righ Is; that religious be-lief and worship shall forever be free; that freedom to contract to work on any day shall not be abrogated; that, in short, men shall be men and not slaves. Such is the constitution, and such is the protection it is designed to afford. THE WORLD'S " CHRISTIAN " NATIONS. THE Apostle Paul, addressing the Christian Church at Corinth, wrote: " For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; casting down imaginations, and every high thing that ex-alteth itself against the knowledgq, of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." The Christian's warfare is different in its weapons, its nature, and its results, from that warfare which is " of ter the flesh." As the text declares, the Christian does not war "after the flesh," yet his warfare is not one-sided and incomplete, but is directed against every foe that can oppose him. It is the only warfare that needs to be conducted in this world. But it is not the kind of warfare that the world most generally sees, and for which the greatest preparations are made, even by those who profess to be Christians; and in the light of the word of God spoken by Paul, how wickedly absurd appears the idea so commonly advanced by certain would-be reformers, that the lead-ing civilized nations of the earth, which manifest a regard for religion, are Christian. By'a mere comparison with pagan nations, it is plainly evident that the so-called Christian nations of our day are no more Christian in character than are those of " darkest Africa." Such a comparison we find in the New York Sun of Oct. 25. The Sun says:Š A delegate to the Convention of the American Board of Foreign Missions gave warning that if China were not speedily Christianized, she would endanger the civilized nations by raising vast hordes of fighters able to swoop down upon them. Brother Hyde does not seem to have thought of the fact that it is the Christianized nations of Europe which keep the vast hordes of fighters and do most of the fighting. In view of the armed millions and the many wars of the great powers of Christendom, we do not see how he can believe that the Christianization of China would prevent her from raising great fighting armies. When Christianized, she would probably want to keep up with European Christendom, in which case her armies would be larger than the combined armies of Russia, Germany, France, Austria, Italy, and England,Šall Christian countries. The Ying Ping, or national army of pagan China, added to the other Chinese armies,is smaller,in proportion to the population from which it is drawn, than the army of any of the Christian countries of Europe. The army needed in pagan India is small as compared with that needed in Christian Germany. Japan, since she adopted the customs of Christian nations, has raised an army far greater than she ever had before. It is the Christian countries, not the pagan ones, that have set the example of maintaining gigantic military establishments, There have been ten times, or twenty, or a hundred times, more fighting and bloodshed in Christian Europe within the past cent-ury than in pagan China, though the population of China is probably greater than that of all Europe. We do not see, therefore, how-it can be supposed that the Christianization of China, if China after her Christianization shall follow the example of the Chris-tian powers, is to prevent her from raising armies as big as Christian armies, and as savage on the field of battle as Christian armies. The pagan races of continental Asia are far more  peaceful than the Christian races of continental Eu-rope. The Christian English, French, Dutch and Span-iards have butchered untold numbers of pagan Asiatics. It is possible that the Christianization of the Asiatics might be the means of leading them to retaliate upon their Christian enemies in Europe. If China shall ever be Christianized, and shall then put in the field armed hordes equal to those of Christian Europe, and able to fight as hard and as long as the Christians, she will be the foremost military power in the world. We suppose that the 'Sun here uses the terms, " Christian " and " Christianization" in sarcasm. But the trouble is that through the prevailing low conception of Christianity, mere civilization is mistaken for it by very many minds. The degree of civilization which prevails to-day is indeed largely due to the influence of Christianity, and civilization is very good so far as it goes; but it falls infi-nitely short of being Christianity itself. The Scriptures tell us something about a real Christian nation. We learn from it that a Christian nation will be saved from earth in the kingdom of God. Speaking of the time when the Lord God will " swallow up death in victory" and will "wipe away tears from off all faces," when his people will say, " Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he , will save us," the prophet says: " In that day shall this song be sung in the land of Judah: We have a strong city; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks. Open ye the gates, that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth, may enter in." Isa. 26:1, 2. And, as we also learn from the Scriptures, the "truth" must be kept by each individual, for himself, in his own heart, to secure his entrance into the "strong city" of God's salvation. So that the only Christian nation on earth is the "nation" of those who, among all peoples and in all climes, keep the truth of God in their hearts. Ł "BLUE LAWS" REALLY DID EXIST. [New York Herald, Oct. 7.] NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 6, 1895.ŠAt-torney Henry G. Newton, of this city, who has a bias in favor of quaint and curious archaeological things, has accomplished some deep-sea dredging in the Elm City archives lately, groping after the authentic story of the famous old " Blue Laws " of the Nutmeg commonwealth. He came up out of the depths a day or two ago, and having divested himself of his antiquarian armor, furnished to the New Haven Historical Society the com-plete story of his findings. Mr. Newton's report states positively that there is no such thing as Blue Laws anyhow Šthey are an out-and-out myth, just like all the rest of the treasured and trusted traditions of the world. In the second place,he alleges, what Blue Laws there are, are simply and solely an Elm City institution. Attorney Newton says that the old Tory minister, the Rev. Sam Peters, who ran the English church in Hartford and in the He-bron village, among the wild hills to the east of that town, about the time of the Revolu-tion, was to blame for all the Blue Laws ever enacted; that New Haven's alleged code of bluish acts was a fiction of his ingenious but spenetic and malicious brain. The Rev. Samuel, who was English through and through, was not at all fond of his sharp-witted and cute but sombre-visaged Yankee parishioners and neighbors, and so, after the country, ringing with the peals of liberty bells, had become too warm to hold even a Tory clergymen comfortably and he had scud-ded back to England, he promptly sat down to his table and wrote his rancid book of Blue LawsŠin violet ink, most likely. That was  somewhere about 1781, and his famed and wonderful work, which is now one of the curiosities of the earth, embodied more than two score of the very bluest Blue LawsŠof twisted forged cast steel copper riveted, with galvan-ized wrought iron gearingsŠall the Blue Laws, in fact, that have been imputed to the handiwork of "blue," long-nosed, lean and vinegar visaged 'Yankees. "HUMBUG AND FRAUD." " Many years ago," said Lawyer Newton in discussing the subject, " a small book con-taining these supposed Blue Laws, which were really extracts from Peters' history, was published, and is even now referred to as an authority by the unsuspicious. I saw them, and my anger was kindled, for does not every dictionary and encyclopaedia say they are a humbug and a fraud, and has not Trumbull's ' Blue Laws, True and False,' put an end to the infamous slander ? And so it seemed to be time to say something about Blue Laws. " Now, then, the existence of such a code of Blue Laws is fully disproved; in fact, the only authority in its favor is Peters himself, who is untrustworthy. Peters' History of Connecticut'Š the Blue Laws are embodied thereinŠwas first published in London in 1781. It was put forth anonymously, and its title page bore the inscription, By a Gentle-man of the Province.' That its author bated Connecticut is hardly to be doubted, and New Haven seems to have been foremost among the objects of his detestation. My special purpose is to show how much of Peters' Blue Laws was actually in force in New Haven before the union of the New Haven colony with the colony of Connecticut; how much a hundred years thereafter and how much now." To that end he minutely and specifically ex-amined each one of Samuel Peters' forty-five Blue Laws, and carefully compared or con-trasted the whole batch with the actual codes of laws of the Nutmeg State and of the colonies. DOESN'T DISPROVE THEIR ACCURACY. He found them, he said, to be a literal re-production of old-time Connecticut or New Haven colony acts. Indeed, instead of re-futing and confuting the old Tory minister's Blue-Law law book, Attorney Newton's dis-quisition showed, if it showed anything, that Mr. Samuel Peters was an admirably exact reporter, or, at least, copyist. In fact, it is not easy to comprehend just what Mr. Newton's contention about Blue Laws is, unless he erroneously imagines that it is the popular idea that the colonies enacted a special and distinct code of adamantine laws, and in so many words gave it the theatrical title of " Connecticut Blne Laws." But no one, probably, ever supposed any such thing. And certainly, so long as it is proven that the Rev. Samuel Peters' book is a fairly accurate compilation or summary of the exceptionally rigorous and iron-edged Pu-ritanic enactments of either the New Haven or Connecticut colonies, then Mr. Newton's averment that the Blue Laws are a myth is as incomprehensible as it is pointless. Here are some of Peters' bluest laws, all of which are identical, in a vital sense, with old colonial enactments :Š No. 1. (Curious rather than blue.) The governor and magistrates convened and General Assembly are the supreme power under God of this independent dominion. No. 2. From the determination of the Assembly no appeal shall be made.'  No. -10. N9 one shall be a freeman or give a vote unless he be converted and a member in full com-munion of one of the churches allowed in this do-minion. 