28 AMERICAN SENTINEL. in the same way? How much money can the Roman Catholic Church receive' from the Government in this way, and where is there any logical stopping-place in this process of tapping the Government treasury for the support of the Catholic Church? More than this: What is to prevent other churches not over-scrupulous about their means of support, from taking the cue thus furnished them and going into the same business? , The late decision of Congress to appropriate no more public funds for the use of sectarian institutions appears to have been completely reversed. The move-ment to appropriate such funds for churchpurposes has been revived; and the question is, Where will it end? All this money is raised by taxation; and the more of it is given to the church the heavier must the burden of taxation become. On this point the South American republics afford an impressive warning, which should not be overlOoked by the people of the United States. IN the interests of this paper we would respectfully call your attention to our "ad" on page 31. Read it, then let us hear from you. 44.  Legal Authority Against Sectarian Appropriations. THE question of the rightfulness of the appropria-tion of public funds for the support of institutions under sectarian controlŠwhich has just been answered in the affirmative by the Supreme CourtŠis one that has several times claimed the attention of the courts in different States. We present here a brief summary of decisions given upon this question, furnished us by a lawyer of Washington, D. C.:Š " I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from all intermed-dling with religious institutions, or with their doctrines, discipline, or exercises. This results not only from the provision that no law shall be made respecting the es-tablishment or free exercise of religion, but from that also which reserves to the States the powers not dele-gated to the United States.'Š'5 Jefferson's Works, page 236. "' To compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbe-lieves is sinful and tyrannical.'-12 Hening's Statutes, page 84. "'The rights hereby asserted are among the natural rights of mankind; and if any act shall hereafter be passed to repeal the present, or to narrow its operation, such act will be an infringement of natural right.'ŠId. "Justice Story, in the case of Terret vs. Taylor (9 Cranch, p. 49), says: 'The Revolution might and did take away the public patronage, the exclusive cure of souls, and the compulsive taxation for the support of the church.' "But, Mr. Allison claims that these principles do not apply to sedtarian institutions here. Speaking of  the St. Rose Industrial School and the House of the Good. Shepherd, he says: 'And they are _both industrial schools.' (Hearings before the subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, U. S. Senate, 'p. 92). The House of the Good Shepherd in St. Paul, Minn., was an industrial school of the same sort, but in the case of Farmer vs. St. Paul, Chief Justice Start said: 'As a legal proposition [the question of propriety aside] the city council [of St. Paul] had as much power to establish and declare any church in the city, a workhouse for female prisoners, and to authorize the city courts to commit any female convict to the custody of the rector or pastor of such church, as it had to declare the House of the Good Shepherd, or any other institution not sub-ject to public control, such a workhouse.' One of 'those things which are not lawful under any of the American constitutions,' says Judge Cooley, 'is compulsory sup-port, by taxation or otherwise, of religious institutions' (Cooley's Constitutional Limitations, 5th edition, p. 580). "In the case of Cook County vs. Children's Indian School (125 III., 564) this doctrine was emphatically approved. In that case two industrial schools, one conducted by the Sisters of Charity, of Emmetsburg, Md., and the other by the Sisters of the Good Shepherd, finding themselves denied access to the public treasury of Chicago, resorted to indirection, and under the advice of their bishop, the members of those institutions set up a third corporation to act as a a decoy for their benefit; and the city authorities made contracts with this spurious corporation for the training of children; the children being turned over to the original corpora-tions, and the money paid to them. The position taken by their counsel in supportof their claim to the people's money was precisely the same as that taken by the Senate subcommittee; that even though the two insti-- tutions were controlled by a church and were the recipi-ents of all the money paid to appellee (the spurious corporation), yet that, they were not, to be denied the money, provide& that there was only a consideration for the money paid. But the court denounced that the-ory as 'extremely dangerous,' and went on to explain why it was so. `If they are entitled,' said Judge Magruder `to be paid out of public funds, simply because they relieve the State of a burden which it would otherwise be itself required to bear, then there is nothing to pre-vent all public education from becoming subjected, by hasty legislation, to sectarian influences . . . the prohibition of the Constitution would be powerless to prevent the money of the taxpayers from being used to support such institutions. . . . It is an untenable position that public funds may be paid out to help sup-port sectarian schools, provided only such schools'shall render a quid pro quo for the payments made to them.' Š125111. p. 571. "The State of Nevada, ex rel. The Nevada Orphan Asylum vs. Hallock, State Comptroller, is another in which this question was fully discussed. The Nevada Orphan Asylum had set up an industrial school(?) as a pretext for state aid. The institution was conducted by the Sisters of Charity, of Emmetsburg, Md., and Hallock, the Comptroller, refused to audit a claim pre-sented for an amount which had been appropriated for their use by the legislature. Chief Justice Leonard said: `The Constitution prohibits the use Of any of the public 