AMERICAN SENTINEL. 565 Parents and guardians must do the first and most im-portant work in religious training. The denominational school and the church can at ,best do little more than supplement the work that is done in the home. ""' THE press reports contain an account of a recent case in England against the London Times, under the old law of 1781, for advertising a Sunday concert contrary to the act. The judge avoided the issue by a legal sub-terfuge, ruling that the statute had not been violated inasmuch as "admission" to the concert was free, al-though it was a fact that the seats had been previously paid for. Such an evident disinclination to enforce these antiquated religious statutes, in the land of their origin, ought to be brought to the attention of Canadian and American judges who are so zealous in the enforcement of these laws which they have derived from England. Ł A Conversation. BY J. E. EVANS. MR. A. TO MR. B.ŠHow do you regard this subject of religious legislation, or Church and State? Mr. B.ŠI have always been opposed to a union of Church and State in America. Mr. A.ŠYou do not, then, believe in Sunday laws? Mr. B.ŠI certainly do. We must legislate for the masses, to secure the laborer against the mercenary em-ployer. If we do not, the working class will have no Sabbath, and will be compelled to work seven days in the week. Mr. A.ŠBut suppose a firm has in its employ those who keep the seventh and those who observe the first day of the week as the Sabbath, which day shall be selected as the day for rest? Mr. B.ŠWe must legislate in favor of the greatest number. Mr. A.ŠThe majority might be those who observe the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. Mr. B.ŠIt does not make any difference which day we keep. If you count from Monday Sunday will be the seventh. . Mr. A.ŠSuppose a man has seven sons, and when he dies he makes his will to the effect that his first son shall have $500, and each of the firm six sons are to have the same amount, but the seventh. son shall have $1,000. Now do you think that the first son could contest the will in court, saying that he was the seventh ? They would say, You are not the seventh, but the first-born. But he would say, "That depends on where you begin to count." Again, we read in the Word of God that Enoch, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of the second coming of Christ. Would it be possible to make Adam the seventh ? Mr: B.ŠWe must have one day in common, when all  can unite in worshiping God. The comfort and wish of the majority must be considered. If we allow each person to select his own day of rest, society would be broken up and there would be no order..  Mr. A.ŠThen if this nation should go through the experience that France did at one time, and the majority should decree that we should have no Sabbath, I suppose you would submit gracefully. Mr. B.ŠWe do not ask that those who keep the sev-enth day-shall be compelled to work on that day, but that they shall not work on the first day. Mr. A.ŠThe poor man has a large family to provide for, and it takes all that he can earn during the six days to secure for them the necessities of life. He conscien-tiously believes that he should observe the seventh day as the Sabbath; but he must submit to the wish of the majority, and be robbed of one seventh of his income, notwithstanding he has the God-given right to work six days. Do you think that is just? Mr. B.ŠThis is a Christian nation, and I suppose he would have to abide by the will of the majority, or go where he could keep whatever day he chose. Mr. A.ŠWe speak of the Christian religion because it is the religion of Christ. But when the people desired to make him a temporal king, he declared plainly, "My kingdom is not of this world." His people are said to be pilgrims and strangers on the earth, chosen out of the world, and that they seek a country. If all were Chris-tians it could only be a nation of Christians. The ma-jority are not Christians. A large portion of those who profess to be Christians, are Catholics, and they tell you that this is a Catholic Christian nation. Of course, it would have to be decided who are Christians, and all who could not pass the examination would have to find some other place or suffer death. This is not at all imaginary. It has already been worked out. Christian, is Christ-like; but do statistics indicate that this is a Christ-like nation? Mr. B.ŠIf men will not do what is right of themselves they should be compelled by the law. Look at Great Britain. The union of Church and State has been a great blessing to that country, and has made it what it is. Mr. A.ŠI suppose you are an American citizen, and as such you believe in the principles underlying the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States. Mr. B.ŠYes, sir. Mr. A.ŠDo they not both say, that religion or the duty that we owe to our Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, can be directed only by reason and convic-tion, not by force or violence, and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience? George. Washington said, "The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." And General Grant believed that Church and State should be kept forever separate. 