268 ANIDEILZICA.N SMIVIPTINTEIL. VOL. 11, No. 34. to bring about the limitation of the power of the slave dealers and drivers, have been disre-garded by the men to whom they were ad-dressed; and it will be necessary to wait for further information in order to know to what extent the latest orders from London are obeyed by the British Consul and General Matthews, who administers the affairs of Zanzibar, and who enrich themselves by the profits of negro slavery. Professor Nicholson says in his book that when a boy at school he had learned that " a slave cannot exist on British soil," or in any part of the British Dominions, or under the British flag, or upon a British ship sailing o'er the main, in any part of the globe. He was sadly undeceived when he visited the British protectorate of Zanzibar and discov-ered a quarter of a million of persons of both sexes and all ages held as slaves under the British flag. We cannot doubt British pub-lic sentiment will ultimately compel the ex-termination of the traffic, although the toler-ation of the system so long, and England's . course with reference to the opium traffic in India and China, show that nations given to rebuking other nations for some particular sin are no less inclined to possess and cherish their own favorite vices. RELIGION NOT WANTED IN THE POLITICAL CAMPAIGN. [New Orleans Times-Democrat, Aug. 10, 1896.] As the Times-Democrat has noted, a num- ber of ministers have lately sought to bring religion into the present presidential cam- paign, although the great question at issue is a purely economic one. The goldbug papers are beginning- to see that their cause is most likely to suffer from the effort to connect re-ligion with finance, and the indiscreet utter-ances of some members on this subject. What seems to have 'caused the most surprise and disgust is the interview recently pub-lished with Bishop John P. Newman, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, who said :Š In the conferences committed to my charge there are something over 1,000 ministers. I shall call their attention to what I believe is the plain duty of the clergy, and shall urge upon them the importance of using all the influence they possess, in the pulpit and out, against the danger which threateni our country, against the possible triumph of Bryan and Sewall and the election of a Congress that is pledged, to pass a free-silver coinage measure. - The Springfield Republican, which is one of the most sensible goldbug journals of the country, and which has been giving its friends plenty of good advice, warns them again not to cherish the idea that these ministerial utterances will help their cause. Remember Burchard, it cries warningly. Mr. Blaine's managers thought they were playing a trump card when they got the ministers together in New York to welcome him; and never dreamed that the ministerial card would bring ruin upon him. We have had a still more striking proof 'of the mistake of this policy in Canada only a few weeks ago, when the Conservatives thought to strengthen themselves by religious support, only to find that it had proved a boomerang and ruined them. But let the Republican speak for itself :Š - Mr. Hanna should see to this at once. We do not want the fight for gold Burchardized by any in-discreet prelate. Such an act as Bishop Newman proposes would be the acme of stupidity and blun-dering. What happened to meddling clericalism in Canada the other day is,  quite as likely to happen to meddling clericalism in the United States. This sliver question  is a matter for discussion, and if it is a matter for discussion it is a matter concerning which honest men may differ, and a political and economic question con-cerning which honest men may differ is not a question calling for the interference of the church. Bishop Newman's thousand parsons can be better occupied than in turning their pulpits and altars into political stumps. The Republican is thoroughly right, and it is to be hoped that its advice will be fol-lowed. The campaign is broad enough al-ready without bringing religion into it. -40-Ł THE. GOSPEL IN SPAIN. [Missionary Review of the World, August, 1896.] IT is frequently asked, " What need is there for sending evangelical missionaries to Spain ?" Does not the following simple re-ply sufficiently answer the question ? It is the inalienable right of every man to own a copy of the Bible and to have the liberty to read it for himself. Every com-munity in which the Bible is not within the easy reach of every man, or where the " word of God is bound " is a true missionary field to which the Christian missionary may not only go with propriety, but to which, from the evangelical standpoint, it is his duty to go to make known the truth. The question to be asked therefore is: " Are the masses in Spain allowed by their religions teachers to freely read and study for themselves the Word of God ?" If they are, I would say: " Let the missionary go elsewhere; let him spend his money and life in taking the Bible and in explaining its message and in teaching its doctrines to people who do not have it." We who have the Bible in our hands are aware that the Apostle Paul intended to visit Spain, and, so far as anything to the contrary is known, he did so; and we can imagine the gospel that he must have preached! Spanish Roman Catholic tradition, however, entirely ignores Paul's proposed journey to Spain, and it affirms that Saint James was the first apostle to visit SpainŠ Santiago, Šwho in sculptures and in paintings innumerable is represented as mounted on his white horse, and, with a lance in hand, prancing over the heads of the hapless Moors. That which in-terests us now, however, is not whether Paul, or James, or any other apostle or disciple in particular was the first to preach the gospel in Spain, but, rather, whether " the glorious gospel," which either the one or the other of the apostolic band must have preached, is the Christianity of the Spanish Church of to-day. Does the "word of the Lord have free course" in Spain of to-day ? A few facts taken from a multitude that might be cited will give us the answer to that question. The archbishop of the see of Santiago de Campostela, the capital of Galicia, one of the most important dioceses of all Spain, on one occasion promised to give to a Protestant of that parish a Roman Catholic Bible in ex-change for his Protestant Bible; but after spending a long time in looking for one, he had to confess that he could not find one in the episcopal palaceŠthat he would " have to send for it to Barcelona," all across the peninsula! In the city of Zaragoza, on one occasion, one of the canons of the cathedral of La Virgen del Pilar, now and for many years one of the most popular shrines in Spain, took upon himself the mission of winning back to the church of Mime a class of bright young men, members of our Evangelical Church. All testified to his trained skill as  a controversialist, and to his gentle ways and winning manners both in conversation and in debate. Once and again some VI these young menŠafter he had met them in their own hallŠaccepted the invitation to visit him in his private apartments, where they still fur-ther discussed, among others, the questions of justification by faith, Christ as our only mediator, and prayerŠour young men ever appealing to the Bibles that they carried in their pockets. This rather piqued our good canon, and it forced him, much against his will, to refer to his Bible, which they insisted he should do. And here was his weak point. He knew that he did not know even his own Roman Catholic Bible. Once he confusedly sought a familiar New Testament passage in the Old Testament, among the books of which he floundered painfully until the Protestant boys came to his rescue. That was the end of his mission. But not long after this epi-sode he was elevated to a bishopric, and it was no secret that it was in reward for his active efforts to reclaim the Protestants that infest that district. If the bishops show such ignorance of the Word of God, it is not to be wondered at that the parish or village priest should be found at a still lower level. A missionary was talking with one of these when the question of the worship of images came up. Allusion was made to the second commandment; and when he quoted the words, " Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in the heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them," the honest priest, instead of arguing, as an astuter man would have done, that Roman Catholics do not worship images, nor bow down to them, but only to the being or the spirit that they represent or that they suggest, he frankly admitted that they do worship them, and that their worship was permitted if not taught by the church; and he declared that he could not believe that the words quoted by my friend were to be found in the Bible, and much less in the Roman. Catholic Bible. So a copy of the Bible sanctioned by-his church was produced. He read and reread the fatal words, and could hardly believe his own eyes. At last, with hands clenched and teeth set, he turned on his heel, and with intensest feeling exclaimed : " God made a mistake when he put that in the Bible!" Poor man ! he could not believe,  that his church could be guilty of deliberately suppressing that part of the Decalogue from its liturgies and from its catechisms; he could more easily believe that God had blundered! " And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch." The Roman Catholic Church in Spain is not merely ignorant of the BibleŠof their own Bible for that matterŠand indifferent to its circulation, it is actively and bitterly hos-tile to it. Pages could be filled with accounts of the indignities and abuses that evangelists and colporteurs are continually suffering who are engaged in this work. It is not very long ago, and under a much more liberal government than that of to-day, that the Custom House authorities in the great and liberal city of Barcelona intercepted an invoice of Bibles that had already been-examined and legally passed, and without pretense of lawŠbut because advised so to do by the ecclesiastical authorities, who knew that they could control the civil officers to whom the case might be appealedŠmade a bonfire of them in the open court of the Custom House! The religious press joyously commented on the deed, and boasted with 