164 A_N VOL.;  10, No. 21. ness, if not both ignorance and heresy. It accordingly reins us up, in its own vigorous style, as follows:Š This refers to one of the pope's encyclicals. Now let us tell the American Sentinel that there is no encyclical ad-dressed to the princes and peoples of- the universe. There is one addressed Principibus Populisque Univer-sis, but any school boy who has got as far as hic haec hoc would be able to tell it that this does not, mean the princes and peoples of the universe. If the Amer-ican Sentinel is not able to interpret the title to a mod-ern document written in so simple a language as Latin, how can we expect it to interpret prophecies which have been written in every corrupt dialect from the vulgar Chaldee of Daniel to the Hellenistic Greek of St. John It may be that our knowledge'of Latin is so defective as, not to be able in all things to bear the Monitor's superior criticism. It may be, indeed, that we have not "got as far as Mc haec hoc ;" and it may be, therefore, that we are, indeed, "not able to interpret the title to a modern document written in so simple a language as Latin." But whatever may be our knowledge or lack of knowledge of " so simple a language as Latin," we were not quite so simple as to suppose that our own translation of a Latin passage from the pope would be accepted by Catholics as correct,-- especially when such translation was used as the text for a criticisna of the vital claim of the pope which is but the claim of the papacy. In this matter, therefore, we did not at-tempt any translation of our own; but thought to use one obtained from such an authority in Latin that even Catholics themselves would not question its correctness. And thinking that Cardinal Gibbons was probably well enough acquainted with "so simple a language as Latin" to translate the encyclical, we thought that a translation certified by him could safely be used. Accordingly we waited until a standard Catholic paper had printed the authorized translation from the Cardinal himself. The _Northwestern Chronicle was the first such paper in which we found the authorized translation, and this is the one we used. In the issue of that paper dated July 20, 1894,Špage 5,Šthe Cardinal's au-thorized translation of the encyclical is printed in full with introduction by the editor, and note by the Cardinal. This introduction, note, and the opening words of the encyclical are as follows :Š We present below an exact English translation of the Latin text of the encyclical recently issued by his holiness, Pope Leo XIII, obtained through the cour-tesy of Cardinal Gibbons. It is accompanied by the following note thereon from the cardinal:Š " It is not easy to do justice to all points of this very beautiful, suggestive and far-reaching apostolic message of tlite holy father without reading and re-reading it, as all may do with profit and delight. " The admiration inspired by' the broad and noble Christianity which marks this supreme appeal of the venerable pontiff to unity, charity and Christian peace cannot but be mingled with amazement if we recall the advanced age' of its august author and consider the clearness of style, the simplicity and force by which the message is distinguished. " But it is the lofty thought so admirably expressed by Leo XIII. in this encyclical that will most arrest the attention of the princes and peoples to whom it is addressed. Looking back upon the eventful past of his pontificate as from a height, the holy father seems to embrace all races and all nations in his charity. His appeal to the Greek Catholics and the Protestants may meet with no immediate response, but it will hardly fall upon deaf ears. "Most significant, and to us Americans of peculiar interest, is the holy father's definition of the lines which should mark the respective spheres of the civil authorities of Christian States. In this and in mutual tolerance lies the best hope that the world will some day see the promise realized: Fiet unurn ovile et unus pastor.' J. CARD. GIBBONS." . The encyclical reads as follows:Š APOSTOLIC LETTER. To the princes and peoples of the universe: Leo XIII., pope. Greeting and peace in the Lord." These are the identical words that we copied, and which we used, when we said that the pope "last year addressed the Princes and Peoples of the Universe' and gravely informed us all that WE [that is himself] hold the Ł regency of God on earth.' " The translation is the official one and authorized by Cardinal Gibbons himself; and the Latin address is translated, " To the Princes and Peoples of the Universe." Now as this is not the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL'S translation at all, but the Cardinal's, or at least that of the Cardinal's official translator and authorized by the Cardinal, let us read the Monitor's broadside over again with the application not to the AMERICAN SENTINEL where it does not apply at all, but to Cardinal Gibbons where it really applies. So read it runs thus:Š Now let us tell Cardinal Gibbons that there is no encyclical addressed to the princes and peoples, of the universe. There is one ad-dressed Principibus Populisque Universis, but any school boy who has got as far as hic haec hoc would be able to tell him that this does not mean the princes and peoples of the universe. If Cardinal Gibbons is not able to interpret the title to a modern document written in so simple a language as Latin, etc., etc. That is the true reading of the passage from the Monitor. But is it true that Car-dinal Gibbons is not able to interpret the title of a modern document written in so simple a language as Latin ? Is it true that Cardinal Gibbons has not got as far as hic haec hoc? And is it therefore true that there is no en-cyclical addressed to the princes and peoples of the universe ? These questions and their answers lie between the editor of the Monitor and Cardinal Gibbons. AS VIEWED BY A LUTHERAN EDITOR. From Die Rundschau* (Chicago), April 24. UNDER the caption, "Unjust Laws" we re-cently commented editorially on the prosecu-tion and punishment of Adventists- in Ten-nessee for their violation of the Sunday laws of that State. Those convicted have since been pardoned by the governor and released from imprisonment. But though the Advent-ists rejoice over this turn of events, still they are in no wise satisfied with only this. They demand more,--repeal of the Sunday laws, ob-noxious to them, not only in Tennessee, but everywhere, wherever such exist. .This is what they are agitating for everywhere, with the energy peculiar to them and why they are constantly seeking to obtain the cooperation of all lovers of the religious liberty of our country, wherever they may be, for their ideas and purposes in this respect. They have- good reasons for this agitation on their part. To a much greater extent than we knew until now have they been persecuted for their violating the Sunday laws. [Here follows a brief account of the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, Maryland and Massachusetts.] Such is in short the history of the persecu-tions Adventists suffered in this land of re-ligious liberty. The subject is important enough for calling our readers' attention to it, and to comment thereon thoroughly and in all its bearings. God willing, we will do this in the near future. The rigid Sunday laws of Massachusetts have been made more rigid by a new law. It de-clares among other things that no entertain-ment shall be given on Sunday at which an * Translated by Rev. Oscar Goelz, Gretna, La. admission fee is charged. Any person attend-ing such prohibited entertainment is made liable to a fine of five dollars, and then the law declares further: " Whoever, on the Lord's day, keeps open his shop, warehouse, or work house, or does any manual labor, business or work, except works of necessity and charity, or takes part in any sport, game or play, except a sacred concert, shall be punished by a fine of $50 for each offense, and the owner of any hall in which said law is violated, is liable to a fine of $500." P Our readers will notice the two exemption clauses made prominent by italics. The law prohibits in the first place all work, except works of necessity and charity. This clearly proves this Sunday law to be of a religious character, with the object of effecting the re-habilitation of the Old Testament Sabbath command, with the only difference of putting Sunday in the place of Saturday. For the Jews, too, were permitted to do works of ne-cessity and charity on the Sabbath, and if the State of Massachusetts now grants its citizens the same liberty, then it thereby establishes a new theocracy on the same basis with the Israelitish. However, in the second place, the new law prohibits all Sunday enjoyment, except,  the so-called sacred concerts. Thereby 'the Sunday church-theater is sanctioned by law and is made a good work. The clergy, evidently aback of this law, want their so-called spiritual performance preserved.  intact, and want to compel those people who seek places of amusement on Sunday to patronize the theater established by them instead of the worldly theaters. But Governor Greenhalge, of Massachusetts, leaves no one in doubt as to the sense and spirit in which the new compulsory law is to be made effective. Even before its passage by the legislature he solemnly swore to see to it, that " the Lord's day would be' kept holy," and then added : "When two and a half cen-turies ago Massachusetts knelt on this unin-habited sea-shore, it then heard the thunder of this Sabbath law from Sinai and did write it in its statute book. There it still standeth to-day, and I prophesy, there it will remain for all time." Here we have the official confirmation of what we have written above. It is the Sinaitic Sabbath law, to which the Governor of Massa-chusetts wants to procure obedience. Evi-dently he has gone amiss of his office. For as governor he has neither the duty nor the right to procure obedience to a divine law given to Israel and above this, to mutilate it, by put-ting Sunday in the place-  of Saturday. If he does ,do this anyway, then he is posing as a new Moses and thereby arrogates unto himself a position, the incompatibility of which, with the fundamental laws of the country, ought to be brought to his cognizance by the liberty-loving citizens of the State of Massachusetts without delay. THE SABBATH. [By Charles Foley, in Patriot Phalanx, May B.] I UNDERSTAND J. B. C., in his article of April 25, to contend, in substance, that the fourth commandment is merely a civil labor regulation, a day set apart for rest and recu-peration from toil. I think it is not a civil labor regulation at all, for the reason, that before the ground was cursed and Adam was banished from the garden and told, " In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread," God had " blessed the seventh day and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work." Gen. 2: 3. Thus it' is seen that the seventh day was blessed and distinguished 