SEE .AMERICAN SENT1N L. The Postmaster and the Adventists. A GENTLEMAN in Kansas having read in THE SENTINEL the account of the per-secution of Adventists in Henry Co., Tenn., found himself unable to believe such things possible in the United States in the latter part of the nineteenth century; and, that he might know of a surety con-cerning the facts, he wrote to the post-master at Springville, Tenn., asking if the things which he had read were true. The postmaster' letter has been sent to us, and here it is verbatim, without even a letter added to it, or taken from it, with the exception of the omission of the name of the gentleman to whom the letter was written July 11 1892 MR Sir yours of the 7th Receved I Cannot tell why I am Cold on to answer the ques-tions in your note But I will anser them as Correct-ley as I Can and I am persanely. acquainted with all of the Jentlemen now in Jale or pretended to Be But I doubt very much wheather the Jale doore has Been locked Since they have Been put in there or not But I think not But I dwo no that they was put in Jale for a strict violation of the Sunday law and I no when a pore Boy is prosecuted for a violation of the law for Carryin a pistol or playin Cards they ar put in Jale and locked up and they have to stay untel they ar paid out But I only charge this to the Jalor for lack of his duty ac-cording to law Well I will now give ther names J. H. Dortch W. D. Lowry J. Moon and James Stem they all Live within 2 miles of this post office and dwo ther maling and Receving of male at this place ther church is wethin 2 miles of this place and it is very Demarlizen to the young and Rising people of this Settlment they call them-selves Seven day adventist they pretend to keep Saturday and Work on Sunday at all kinds of farm work plow Role logs hall Cross ties and in fact there bigest days work on Sunday when they no that it is Strictly against the State law to work on Sunday there is a little nest of them in this Settl-ment and have been trying hard to Increase there church for about 10 years and I think they have in that time got in there church about 12 white male members and 1 negro man and Wife and about the Same amount of white ladys and Sum 12 or 15 Childer But there is no other church of the kind in this County nor adJoining Countes there has Been 3 Jentlemen of this Church Indted in this Cort Sum 2 or 3 years ago for working on Sunday they was fined 25 dollars Each, they appeled to the Supreem Corr of the State and the Judgment of the Circuit Court was Conferred But they yaul not pay fine nor Cost and of Corse according to law had to go to Jale But they was walking about over town the most of ther time these fore Jentlemen was tried Bef or Judg Swigart and the Judg Red the law and the Desisions of other Corts all a gainst the Sunday working But Said Jentlemen I will onley fine you one dollar Each and the Cost But they will not pay Either fine or Cost and I learn that them of that Church that is at home is -Still at work on there farms on Sunday Just Shur as Sundy Cums there is Sum of these Jentlemen that is Very Clevor men Out I think Every good Citizen aught to observe the laws of his Cuntry and I think that if a man Violats the laws of his Cuntry wilfully and nonly and Cannot Be made Suffer for it he mite Be Coled an outlaw for whiqh I Supose there is a Remady or at least aught to Bee they ar like the Rest of us only Common talent I Belive I have in all the Information Cold for Respectfully Thos Riggs P M This letter confirms all that has been said in THE SENTINEL concerning the Springville persecutions. The writer of the letter is one of the worst enemies of the Adventists, yet it will be noticed that he has no evil thing to say of them except concerning their faith. Their church, he says, has a very demoralizing influence in the community. The sense in which it is " demoralizing " will be explained by the following dialogue between a Method-ist and an Adventist in that neighborhood shortly before the recent persecution was inaugurated:Š Methodist:Š "You people are doing a great deal of harm in this country." Adventist.Š" Why, how is that? We are quiet, inoffensive people." Methodist.Š"Y Yes, but were it not for your  church we would have regular meetings here at Springville, and all the young people who now go to your meetings would be working members of the Methodist church." Adventist.Š"W Well, show us our error and we will all be Methodists." Methodist.Š" That's just what we're going to do; we're going to prosecute every one of you:" The "great deal of harm," and the " demoralizing " influence consist in teach-ing things contrary to the doctrines of the Methodist, Baptist and Presbyterian churches, and principally in denying that Sunday is the Sabbath. The postmaster at Springville has con-siderably underestimated the membership of the Adventist church in his neighbor-hood. One of the editors of THE SENTI-NEL has spent a number of weeks at Springville and is personally acquainted with twenty-seven male members of the Adventist church there. The number of female members is somewhat larger. It is the most prosperous church in the neighborhood; and the only one having regular weekly services. This fact makes it a thorn in the side of members of other churches. The persecution is de-signed to weaken it and turn the tide toward the other churches. The statement made in the letter that Adventists do their biggest day's work on Sunday is absolutely false. As has been previously stated in THE SENTINEL, they avoid on Sunday all work that could possibly be a real annoyance. Only the more quiet kinds of farm work are done in the Springville neighborhood on Sunday. The postmaster there may not,  know personally just how this is, for none of his immediate neighbors are members of that church and none of the Adventists live in the village. They are all farmers and the postmaster knows of their work only as he hears of it or else goes out of his way to see them at work. C. P. B. Sunday Closing, Who Asks it, and Why? THERE is very much more to this ques-tion of Sunday closing of the World's Fair than most people are aware. Who are making the demands for the closing of the Fair on Sunday ? Why do they make these demands ? It is the churches, and the foundation reason is because Sunday is an institution of the Church. If it would do violence to their convictions to attend on Sunday, can't they stay away ? Or, do they ask a law, fearing that they will be unable to resist the temptation of open gates ? Do they need closed gates so they can keep a Sabbath ? Why not ask for a law compelling them to stay away on Sunday, and leave others to exercise their freedom ? The Jew, Seventh-day Baptist, and Seventh-day Adventist, observe the seventh day of the week; why not close the gates on the seventh day ? The Mo-hammedan keeps Friday ; why not close the gates on Friday? Which is the true Sab-bath, any way ? Who will tell us ? Only a small portion of the people of this Nation keep a Sabbath. Do the Christian people of this land of liberty, desire to resort to force to compel others to do as they do ? Do they think these will attend church service if the gates are closed ? Do they not know that closed gates mean more patronage to the saloon, more liquor drank, more debauchery, more crime ? Do they not know that, if Congress shall take action in the matter, it will be an unwarranted assumption of  power, and class legislation ? And do not they know that such action of Congress; would be but the beginning of a union of religion and the State that would never be checked till almost every institution of the Church would be incorporated into law, and enforced by the civil power ? Are they ready to assume all the conse-quences of such legislation ? Are they ? ŠPublius, in MeintOsh Times. Despotism of the Churolli. [The following extracts are from the speech Of Senator Palmer of Illinois, in the Senate, July 12; the subject under discussion being the sundry civil appropriation bill, and the World's Fair ap-propriation with the Sunday closing proviso. ] THE State of Illinois has never assumed to require the actual observance of any of the Sabbaths, either the Jewish or the Christian Sabbath. The people of the State of Illinois, so far as 1 know their opinions, and they are best expressed in their statutes, treat the observance of the Sabbath as a personal duty to be deter-mined by each individual for himself. The theory upon which our laws rest is that men are responsible to the Supreme Being for their own conduct, and that the State is in no wise responsible for them; that the State has no right to control the personal opinions or conduct of men on any day, subject to this limitation:Š Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of society by labor . . . shall be fined, etc. It has been held in Illinois, and, I think, it has been held in most of the States, that the State has no right to determine that men shall observe the first day of the week in any particular method; but the object and function of the State, as we maintain, is that each citizen shall have the right without disturbance to observe the Sabbath in such manner as seems to him in point of conscience to be his duty and that no person shall disturb him in the exercise of his conscientious right. I know that is the theory which has been enforced by judicial decision. It has been held that the State has no right to prescribe obedience to any mere moral requirement that does not disturb others, leaving each man to determine to dis-charge his own duty to that Infinite Being who rules the universe, regarding each man as his own priest, and to this extent his own king. We have never recognized the authority of the States to prescribe moral duty. We simply understand that the obligation of the State is to protect us, every one of us, in the exercise of our own rights, leaving it to each individual to determine the matter of conscience ac-cording to his own degree of enlighten-ment or according to his own sense of ob-ligation. I venture to say that whatever may be said to the contrary, that is the practical law of every State in the Union. There may be vestiges yet of ancient require-ments, but the courts have modified them, and to-day in New England, where at one time the Sunday was regarded with great reverence and where Sunday laws were enforced with despotic force, it is no longer the case. Illinois is like the other States in that respect. Still in respect to this matter I should hope that the Senate would be satisfied with the rule of the Illinois Legislature that each man should be left undisturbed to serve God in his own way, to keep the Sabbath in his own way, free from dis-turbance. The Senator from Maine says 