370 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. with the exaltation which the Lord gave, which, could come and remain only through her own humility, the Church grew haughty and exalted herself. Not content with the beauty of the Lord, which he had put upon her, she prided herself upon her own beauty; and instead of trusting in him for her beauty, she trusted in her-self. Not content that God alone should be glorified in her, she glorified herself, and lived deliciously. Then, trusting in herself, priding herself upon her own beauty, magnifying her own merit, and satisfied with her own sufficiency,Šthis in itself was to put herself in the place of God. Then it was natural enough that she should seek to draw disciples to her- self rather than to the Lord . Not only this, but having exalted herself, and mag- nified herself, and trusting in herself, it was impossible for her to draw disciples to anybody but herself. Thus came the apos- tasy. And thus, instead of remaining the Church of Christ in truth, manifesting to the world the mystery of God and of god- liness, she became, though still professedly the Church of Christ, only the manifesta-tion to the world of the mystery of self and of selfishness, which is the very mystery of iniquity. THE CHURCH AT ROME. Pre-eminent in both phases of this ca-reer was the church at Rome. She was pre-eminent in faith, insomuch that her faith was "spoken of throughout the whole world." Rom. 1: 8. She was also pre-eminent in apostasy, insomuch that this likewise has been spoken of through-out the whole world, and for nearly eighteen hundred years. As she had been so highly exalted and honored by the Lord, correspondingly low did she fall, and cor-respondingly dishonored did she become, when she exalted herself. As high as was her privilege while abiding in the faith, so correspondingly low was her degrada-tion in her apostasy. As she had been perfect in beauty through the comeliness which the Lord had put upon her, so she became frightful in the ugliness of her own uncomely self-conscious pride of her own accomplishments, which were only evil. POWER SHE MUST HAVE. As she was now trusting in her own merit and her own sufficiency, and seeking to draw disciples to herself, she was left to her own inventions to attract them. She accommodated herself to the ways of the sun-worshiping heathen; she per-verted the right way of the Lord, and spake perverse things. She decked her-self in gold and jewels and costly array. By such means her adherents multiplied greatly. But lo ! just here she encountered a serious difficulty : she found it impossible of herself to hold her converts in subjec-tion to her bidding. The chief est trouble in this respect was in securing conformity to her will in the matter of the observance of Sunday as a holy day, which she had set up as the sign of her authority to com-mand the obedience of men. To accom-plish this she realized the want of a power beyond herself, a power other than her own. The power of God was not open to her in this; nor, in fact, in anything else that she commanded, for none of these things had the Lord required. It is the Church's duty to obey God, not to com-mand men. True, the power of God was still for her, and free to her, but the way to it lay only through sincere repentance, through humbling herself, and confession  of sins, and separating from her heathen customs and from all iniquity. This she' would not do. But power she must have and power she would have, even though it were illegitimate. Having forsaken the heavenly power she now sought for earthly power. Having forsaken the arm of the Lord, she sought the arm of man. Having disconnected- herself from the kingdom of heaven, she would now connect herself with kingdoms of earth. Still trusting in her own beauty, and her own bedecking of silk -and gold and precious stones and pearls, and holding in her hands the proffer of rich gifts to any lover that would re-ceive her pernicious advances and form an alliance with her, she finally succeeded, through Constantine, in gaining imperial favor and forming an adulterous connec-tion with an earthly lord. The now un- holy Church formed an unholy connection with the unholy State. And the very first fruit of it was .an imperial law enforcing her will in Sunday observance; and the next was the definite placing of the impe-rial authority at her disposal with which to compel conformity and to punish ob-stinate heretics. FORMED AN ADULTEROUS UNION. Thus did she who had been espoused as a chaste virgin to Christ; she who had been joined in the bonds of pure and holy marriage to him who is perfect in power, in love, and purity; she who had known the blissful delights of his loveŠthus did she violate her virgin vows, break her marriage ties, and become a bloody, mur-derous harlot, and the very symbol of con-fusion. Accordingly, the next view that is given of her is this : " I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet-colored beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns. And the woman was ar-rayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication : and upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HAR-LOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." Rev. 17: 3-6. THE LORD WOULD HAVE HEALED BABYLON. And though in the course of time she had scattered her pernicious ways to all the heathen, and had indulged her lasciv-ious propensities with every kingdom on earth, even yet the Lord would have healed Babylon. In the Reformation he sent a balm for her, if so be that she might be healed. But she would not. Therefore such as loved the Lord were obliged to forsake her. But lo ! these that had for-saken her to join themselves to the Lord, instead of remaining faithful to him, fol-lowed her evil example, and forsook him and joined themselves also to the king-doms of the earth in illicit connection. Thus it was with every professed Prot-estant church, except the Baptist, that ever had a chance, from the Reformation to the founding of the National Govern-ment of the United States. This Gov-ernment, by utterly prohibiting to itself any connection with the Church or re-ligion, intended to shut off all opportunity for any church to follow here the Romish-Babylonish example of joining itself to the national Government, though even then and ever since it was sorely against the will of some. FOLLOWING THE SAME COURSE. Yet in spite of this national principle of government, and in the face of the warn-ings of the history of eighteen hundred years, the churches of the United States for the last fifty years have been gradually drifting into the course of the original apostasy, and in the last fifteen years' their progress in this way has been most rapid, until its culmination in the present year. . We might here give representative facts showing the progress of this apostasy all the way; but what is the use of it when the final step has been taken the present year before the eyes of all the world. Everybody knows that for several years the professed Protestant churches of the United States have boasted of the great-ness of their numbers, but yet have openly and repeatedly Šby pulpit, platform, and pressŠconfessed their lack of power to maintain the observance of Sunday as the "Christian Sabbath" by their own Adher-ents. But what have they done to recover this loss of power? Did they resolve to insist upon strict Conformity to discipline on the part of these disloyal adherents? No, no; instead of this, one prominent preacher lately expressed the sentiment that has pervaded all upon this subject, when he declared that he himself would go out of the Church, as he stated it, "body, boots, and breeches," before he would discipline a single one of them. Did they resolve to preach the gospel fer-vently in the demonstration of the Spirit and power of God? No; for in this they experienced the same difficulty that was met in the original apostasyŠthey were compelled to confess that there is no "thus saith the Lord" for Sunday observance. There was therefore no authority of God to which they could appeal to arouse the conscience, no word of the Lord through which they could invoke the agency of the divine. Spirit to touch the heart. Did they then act upon this confession of no "thus saith the Lord " for the observance of Sun-day as the Sabbath, and turn about and seek to conform their ways to what the Lord has indeed spoken with his own voice and written with his own finger with re-spect to the day which shall be observed? No; they did not do this, either. What, then, did they do? THEY DID THIS. Resolved, That we give our votes and support to those candidates or political officers who will pledge themselves to vote for the enactment and enforcing of statutes in favor of the civil Sabbath. For several years they offered themselves upon this bid to all takers. But until the present year no opportunity was presented upon which they might act positively and decidedly upon the resolution which they had formed. The World's Fair enterprise, however, when it was taken up by Con- gress, presented. the very chance for which they had been looking. Consequently, at this they acted together as one body in de-manding the Nation's recognition and sup-port of Sunday sacredness, in this way:Š Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other that we will, from this time henceforth, refuse to vote for or support for any office or po-sition of trust any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind for the World's Fair except on conditions named in these resolutions." The grand condition was that the gates should be closed on Sunday, so that the " Lord's day " might not be desecrated. THEY FOUND IT. God has said that he " hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all 