AMERICAN SENTINEL. 761 which those countries would resent, and which would be altogether contrary to the papal code of procedure. *  Nov, however, comes the news from Rome, upon the authority of the Italian journal Roma, that "the pope has demanded that Don Carlos [of Spain] should post-pone the issue of his manifesto to his adherents, at any rate for the present, under pain of his displeasure. This, it is thought, will avert the danger of a possible over-throw of the present Spanish dynasty by the adherents of Don Carlos. But why should the pope make use of the "pain of his displeasure" to secure certain political results in Spain, and refuse to make use of the same to amelio-rate the lot of Protestants in Peru? The reason is evi-dent, but it is one which fails to accord with papal claims. 3t- SOCIAL circles in Kentucky are in a state of violent agitation over the settlement of one of the greatest ques-tions which it could fall to the lot of real "society" to consider. It seems that two Kentucky belles have been designated in a more or less official manner to perform the important act of "christening" the new battleship "Kentucky," whose launching is a prospective event in naval affairs. As it requires only one person to attend to this ceremony, the question arises as to which one of these two shall be accorded the honor. IT is required by a time-honored custom that on the occasion of the launching of a battleship, the vessel shall be "christened" by breaking over her bow a bottle full of a well-known kind of liquid,Šbut not water; and this must be done by a young lady, the selection of whom falls to the secretary of the navy, or to some other offi-cial whom he may. designate. One of the two young ladies in question claims the honor by virtue of the ap-pointment of ex-Secretary of the Navy Herbert, and though the christening is to take place under a new ad-ministration,ŠMr. Herbert having served under ex-Presi-dent Cleveland,Šshe is not disposed to let the honor slip easily out of her hands. It is reported that sh6 had counted on performing an unusually effective piece of christening, as regards the style, having confided to her friends that she meant to break over the "Kentucky's" bow nothing less than a bottle of real Kentucky whiskey, forty years old ! Generally, the christening of a battle-ship is accomplished with the sacrifice of only a bottle of ordinary wine or champagne. * ALTHOUGH it properly belongs to the present admin-istration to select a christener for the new battleship, there seems room for regret, upon grounds of propriety, that the honor should (as it now appears) have fallen to the lot of one who will, perchance, fail to appreciate the value of Kentucky whiskey for christening pur- poses. For there can be no doubt that, for putting an individual in good fighting trim, a bottle of real Kentucky bourbon that is forty years old is far superior to a bottle of ordinary wine. And as it is the business of battleships to fight, the propriety of using whiskey for the christen-ing will at once be apparent. However, it is announced that Secretary Long has officially settled the matter 'in favor of the daughter of Kentucky's governor, and with his decision the warring social factions will, we suppose, have to be content. lo-0 44 The Church Controls Elections in Utah. "The Outlook," November 27. THE elections in Utah demonstrated that a large ele-ment among the Mormons still retains an intense respect for the revelations of the church leaders. That President Wilford Woodruff's demand at the October conference that Mormons should unite in politics was taken as more weighty than the light talk of an old man was shown in the results in Salt Lake City. John Clark, the candid for mayor of the citizens, but a very devout Mormon n rid the undisputed church candidate, was elected by a small majority. The Gentile vote and the Independent vote were divided among three candidatesŠall Gentiles. Mr. Clark was supported by the politicians whose names tire always associated with church politics, and the conclu-sion that the church elected him is well supported. Every Gentile who was on the ticket with him was defeated. Every Gentile who was on the other tickets was seriously "scratched," and every Mormon running received a com-paratively large vote. The same result was seen all over Utah. Ogden's ad-ministration, as well as Salt Lake's, will be in the hands of Mormons, though in each case the Gentiles form the bulk of the population. The City Council in each case, by a majority of Mormons, shows a result of religious voting. The tendency of Mormons to vote for men of their own faith has an important bearing on national affairs. It is not improbable that next year a legislature may be elected in Utah which will be so overwhelmingly Mormon that a United States senator will be chosen who will give his chief allegiance to the church leaders. IT may well be that a merciful Providence alio wed the development of Mormonism in this country to the church-and-state system which we now see virtually es-tablished in Utah, in order that the people inthis country might, by having this object lesson before their eyes, be saved from the fatal folly of setting up a like system which would embrace not one single State merely, but the,  whole nation. - Certain it is that it is high time the peo-ple of this country should take warning from the situa-tion in Utah, and repel the efforts of the religious organ-izations who are working with might and main to compel this government to profess religion. 