APRIL 4, 1895.`7P r.IN1ILiLa_.4., 167 beldng to some organization, and that before the law can show any preference for any form of worship; it must recognize some re-ligious denomination and some denomina-tional creed. This idea is certainly foreign to the spirit of American institutions, as it is also to the spirit of the gospel. Another very pertinent question raised by Judge Parks is as follows: "Has any power but the divine will the right to establish any one,  day as Sabbath ? If the day has been set apart by divine edict, but two or more persons honestly differ as to what day was appointed, can the dispute be settled by legislative enact-ment ? " His honor did not answer his own question in words, but it admits of but one answer. The question as to which day is the. Sabbath is certainly a religious question, and clearly only the Divine Being has any right to say which day he himself appointed, and this he has said in no uncertain language; and it is because of obedience to this command that Seventh-day Adventists are to-day suffering imprisonment in Tennessee. While perhaps not so designed, Judge Parks' remarks are a fearful arraignment of the Sunday law of the State of Tennessee. In his official capacity and under his oath of office, the judge felt that he could not do otherwise than enforce the law, or that which the Supreme Court has said is the law; but his honor has placed himself upon record, un-mistakably, as opposed to such law; and in this lie is not alone. There is a strong senti-ment in the State against such law, and against religious persecution under color of the law. The question is, Will the lawmakers .' of the State of Tennessee vindicate the honor of the State by repealing this iniquitous statute, or will they maintain the law as it stands and thus make it possible for irresponsi-ble parties to oppress honest citizens and drive them from the State by enforcing such unjust law? IS SATURDAY THE SEVENTH DAY? THE Progressive Farmer, of Raleigh, Tenn., publishes in its issue of March 19, a very candid editorial entitled, " The Day of Rest." We extract from it the following paragraph :Š The time-keepers and almanac manufacturers doubt-leSs think they have it down right. But it is possible that some smart Aleck has slipped a cog. Certainly we ought to observe the seventh day as we are com-manded, and if our present Sunday is the first day of the week, we ought to get right. The last sentence states the truth honestly and pointedly, and is deserving of attention. We will start our investigation with the crucifixion. The 56th verse of the 23rd chap-ter of Luke reads thus: " And they returned, and: prepared spices and ointments; and rested the Sabbath day according to the com-mandment." The next verse, the first verse*  of the 24th chapter, says: " Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulcher, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them." From the above it is evident that the "Sab-bath day according to the commandment," in the time of Christ, and as late as the writing of the book of Luke, was the seventh day, or the day preeeding the first 'day of the week. No one Will claim that so long as Jerusalem and the Jewish nation were preserved, there was any chance of. losing the identity of the seventh day or Sabbath. After the destruction of Jerusalem by Titus in A,..D. 70, the Jews were scattered to the four winds, and from that day to this, they have been found in every nation under heaven. 'And nowhere and at no time has there been  during these nineteen centuries any disagree-ment as to which day is the Sabbath or sev-enth day, among all these millions of scattered Jews. The Jews in China, Russia, Italy, France, England, Australia, and America, all keep the same seventh day Since the seventh day has been thus providentially and infallibly preserved, it cannot be possible that the first day has been lost. It is impossible to preserve the seventh day and lose the first day. Hence, since our Saturday is the seventh day of the week, "our present'Sunday is the first day of the week," and every man, woman, and child, who is observing the first day, ought, if they desire like the editor of the Progressive Farmer, to obey God, to cease keeping the first day and commence " to observe the sev-enth day as we are commanded." Let us now view it from another side. Those who keep Sunday, say they do it in honor of the resurrection of Christ, who rose from the dead on the first day of the week. They claim that the practice of keeping the first day originated very early. They also acknowledge that Christian converts from the Jews continued to observe the seventh day, and all who know anything about the history of Christianity know that there was a conflict in the Church as to whether the first day or the seventh day should be observed. Con-stantine contributed to this controversy by issuing his famous edict in 321 A. D., com-manding " that all judges, people of the cities, and artificers rest on the venerable day of the sun." Later the Council of Laodicea anath-ematized those who observed the seventh day. Could it be possible that the day of the week could be lost when there was a severe contro-versy as to which was the proper day to ob-serve ? The impossibility of losing a day is made apparent by asking if anyone remembers an instance where a whole family lost the day of the week ? There are frequent cases where an individual makes this mistake, but invari-ably other members of the family will set him right. But should a whole family lose their reckoning their neighbors would correct them. And if a whole neighborhood should lose the day of the week, the adjoining neighborhoods would convince tlrem of the error. Should a whole State or Province err in their reckoning, other States and Provinces would right them. And should all the people of a nation go to sleep, and thereby lose a day, other nations would convince them of their mistake. And should all the people of all the nations of all the world lose the same day (how absurd !), then the God of the universe, who made the Sabbath for man, who blessed and sanctified it at creation's morn, and who recommended its observance in tones of thunder from Sinai's flaming top, while the earth trembled, and who wrote it with his own finger on tables of stone, who gave the life of his only begotten Son to save man from the penalty of its viola-tion, and it from the burdensome traditions of men,Šwould he not arise in his majesty and announce anew the day of sacred rest ? Is it not a little strange that men are satis-fied that Sunday is the, first day of the week, the day on which Christ rose,Šso satisfied that they will enact laws to preserve it from dese-cration, and put seventh-day observers in prison for not observing it, and yet declare that they are not sure but we have lost a day, and therefore we are not sure that Saturday is the seventh day, and that Sunday is the first day ? Let every one who refuses to observe the seventh day as God commands for fear that time has been lost, stop and think what excuse lie will give when summoned before the judg-ment bar of God. When asked why he did not observe the seventh day as commanded, it  would devolve upon him to prove that the day was lost; and in order to prove that the' day was lost, he would have to prove how it was lost, where it was lost, and when it, was lost. And to prove how, where, and when the day was lost, would be to find the lost day, and when the lost day is thus found there is no lost day. We sincerely hope that the editor of the Progressive Farmer and all who are like minded, will not be deceived by the illogical; impossible, unreasonable and unscientific " lost time " idea. "THE HORRORS OF THE AMERICAN SUNDAY." THE City Press, of London, Eng., for Feb. 14th, reports a discussion in " The Court of Common Council," upon the opening of " The Art Loan Exhibition," on Sundays. The proposition to open prevailed by a vote of 94 to 68. In the course of the discussion references were made to the " American Sunday " which will interest our readers. They show that what some people in America so much prize is not so highly prized by our English neighbors. This is what they said:Š Mr. Deputy Ashby opposed the motion as a matter of conscience, and expressed an earnest hope that neither the Continental nor the American Sunday would be introduced into England. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Lile expressed a hope that the horrors of the American Sunday would never be imported into Eng-land. (Applause.) Yet he saw in the present agita-tion a step in that directionŠ(hear, hear)Šand a step that meant the opening of theaters, music halls, and the rest. As to what went on among the working classes on Sunday he ventured to say that there was more Sabbath-breaking among those living in the West-end of London than among the humble denizens of the East-end. (Applause.) Evidently the reputation of the " American Sunday " can be considerably improved before it reaches a high standard in London. As a matter of fact, however, England has no ground for comparison which is unfavorable to the United States. Neither can boast .of anything more than a " traditional basis." and a " lost sacredness" for Sunday.ŠThe Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, March 28. WOULD NOT OBSERVE THURSDAY OR.  FRIDAY. AN interesting discussion ,of Sunday. and Sunday laws is now in progress in the Martin Mail, of Martin, Tennessee. We publish this week a very valuable contribution to this . dis- cussion from the pen of Hon. William P. Tolley, an ex-senator of Tennessee. Ł One contributor, signing himself " Rex," asks a defender of the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists who signs himself "A Friend," the question, If the law enforced the observ- ance of Thursday or Friday, would you obey it ? to which " A Friend " answers thus:Š Mr. Tolley, in his article [The Sabbath], con-demns our courts for the punishment of Mr. 'Capps and others for Sunday violation of law. . I justified the courts and gave my reason, which was an , open violation, both of the law of the land and the law of God, and supported my argument by reference to Rom. 13, which says, "Be subject to the laws that be.," etc. "Rex" wants to knew if the law said keep Thursday or Friday, would I obey ? I, answer, no; for that would violate the Word of.God. Every religious bigot that' ever beat, ban-ished or burned a brother in the name .of Christianity has tried to defend his cruelty by appealing to the thirteenth chapter of Romans. And at the same time every one of them would deny the application of the text to himself as does " A Friend," in case he were the, victim of a persecuting law. None but a dishonest or superficial reader can fail to see that Paul exhorts men. to ,obe- 