THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 365 Politics and Religion in Iowa. IN some respects the gubernatorial con-test in Iowa, just past, was one of the most remarkable ever held in the State. Never was there so large a vote polled, and rarely has there been so much activ-ity and .earnestness manifested on both sides. Every inch of ground was contested with the doggedness of desperation, for each felt that the battle was a decisive one. It will be remembered that this State has for the past ten years been under a prohibition law. In seventy-five of the ninety-nine counties in the gtate it is con-ceded that the law has suppressed the open saloon, and in over half of the coun-ties of the State, no liquor can be ob-tained, except at the drug stores on a written prescription. The larger river towns together with a few inland cities have defied the law, and on account of popular sentiment (largely among the foreign element) together with the char-acter of the officers, prohibition is not enforced. Des Moines, the largest city of the State, has not one open saloon, though there are "holes in the wall" where those known to the parties control-ling the same can obtain liquor. This is also the case in some other places where there are no open saloons, and Judas like, a certain class have raised the cry, " Why are these permitted to run without rev-enue ?" Because of this and because of the reproach that has been brought upon the cause by disreputable " searches," together with some other reasons, there has within the past few years been de-veloped quite a large anti-prohibition ele-ment who see no way of regulating the sale of intoxicants so effectually as by high license. The Democratic candidate for Gov-ernor boldly took his stand on the side of high license, and waged the war with the courage of his convictions. The Re-publican candidate, though a prohibition-ist in principle, was not so aggressive in promulgating his views on this subject as his opponent, and the future began to look pretty dark for the friends of pro-hibition. There were other really important measures up for consideration but these were almost wholly lost sight of in the fight of prohibition, and it may be said that this was the issue of the campaign. At this juncture the various religious bodies thought it time for them to " have a finger in the pie," the first to take action being the Methodists, who have in this State eight hundred stationed ministers, and 140,000 communicants. In their State Conference a short time before the canvass was on, they denounced, by resolu-tion, the Governor in the most unmeasured terms, one of the resolutions being as follows :Š We believe it monstrous mockery to pray, "Thy kingdom come " and then vote for the devil's  mightiest agencyŠthe licensed saloon. We insist that in the present crisis, our politics and our re-ligion should be " well shaken before using." This was all that was needed to kindle the flame, and immediately nearly every religious body in the State passed similar resolutions and entered the political arena to a greater or less extent, the Methodists taking the lead. The question was raised as to the propriety of such a course the discussion of which was participated in by the entire secular press of the State, of course almost wholly from a partisan standpoint. So largely did the religious element enter into the campaign that one of the transparencies at a torch-light pro-cession bore these words " We have the Methodist ministers, you have the boot-leggers." A reporter remarked to one of the presiding elders at the Methodist Con-ference that he noticed but few changes being made, and inquired the cause, and was told that the principal reason was that they did not want their votes to be lost. Papers that are on ordinary occasions avowed in favor of the principles of the Religious Liberty Association, so far as mixing politics and religion, vigorously urged the opposite; and the editor of one such paper confessed to the writer that he did it because popular sentiment and the success of his party demanded it. The course of the ministry called out most severe criticisms, not only from the oppo-sition but from the friends as well, as the following, from an influential man and Superintendent of one of the leading Methodist Sunday schools of Des Moines, will attest :Š Because of the partisan action of the Methodist ministers in conference assembled, we are led to ask this question: Is it expedient for ministers of the gospel to take an active, aggressive, partisan part in politics ? For the sake of the argument we may grant that they have the right to be poli-ticians. Paul says that all things that are right are not expedient. Thus we may infer that there are some things that as citizens the ministers have a right to do, that are not expedient for them to do. Does active participation in a heated political campaign come under this head ? In other words, does the minister who engages in the work of the politician, directly or indirectly, hamper or hinder his influence as a soul winner ? . . . Would it not be more in keeping with their high calling, to heed the admonition of the Book wherein they are commanded to keep themselves " anspotted from the world ?" Suppose a conference of Catholic priests should, by resolution, intermingle their faith with politics, and ally themselves with one of the political parties as the ministers have done. They would be the first to cry out with vehemence to keep the Church and State separate. In the same conference these same ministers after passing the resolutions which virtually make it a test of fealty to the Methodist Episcopal Church that the mem-bers should belong to the Republican party, re-joice and shout hallelujah, because the Pope is losing his power to direct what the policy of the State shall be. The precedent of "mixing religion and politics" in this way, even to aid a good cause, is a dangerous one. One journal in defending its position remarked : "The mixing of religion and politics will never  lead to any bad effects in Iowa or any-where else, if it never does anything worse than to urge men to vote for purity, honesty and temperance." But all his-tory proves that when this first step is taken, it is but the first of what will surely follow, and the result has always been, and always will be, a detriment both to the Church and to the State. The legitimate sphere of the Church lies out-side the domain of dictating how civil affairs shall be administered. Nothing has ever occurred in this State to so thoroughly awaken the people, to a consideration of the evils of this fast-growing sentiment, of the divine right of religious people to dictate how civil affairs shall be administered, as the course of the religious element in this campaign-; so let it be hoped that from this a lesson may be learned that will be of benefit to the masses in days to come. W. E. CORNELL. Des Moines, Iowa. Church Exemption. AN item of news from Toronto, Ontario, has not received the attention which it deserves; it may prove to be the first step of a very important movement. The Jarvis Street Baptist Church, To-ronto, has passed a vote requesting the municipal authorities to assess the church property just as any other property, and to impose taxes upon it. These taxes will amount to about $1,100 a year. This action is an example of adherence to conviction even when the adherence involves expense. Nor can any one deny that the action is a logical sequence from the doctrine of the entire severance of Church from StateŠa doctrine which the Baptists were the first to proclaim, and on the basis of which Roger Williams founded his immortal little Common-wealth. The key to the situation is found in the fact that exemption from taxation, up to any certain amount, is exactly the same in practice and in principle as a grant of money to the same amount. If it is right for the State to grant money to a denom-inational or religious body, then it is right for the State to exempt such a body from taxation; if not, then not. If my taxes amount to $100, he who gives me a re-ceipted bill or a certificate of exemption gives me the equivalent of $100 in cash. And while the exemption of churches from taxation is erroneous in theory, it is no less harmful in practice. It has all the evils that would attend a grant of money, and it is less honest and above-board. And it all inures to the advan-tage of the Church which is always ask-ing favors of the State, and never asking in vain. Where the Protestant churches gain one dollar by exemption the Roman Catholic gain at least ten; the amount of their church property is out of all propor- 