292 .A10E1E1111 CA.N" gIENUP  Vol,. 10, No. 37. writer of this note saw State Militia marching in the streets of Dayton, almost within the shadow of the courthouse in which the Ad-ventists were sentenced three days later. Such are some of the inconsistencies of the Tennessee Sunday " law " and its enforce-ment. Ł Ł " ZEALOUS IN DETAILS." BY PROF. It. B. TAGGART, A. M. UNDER the heading, " The Christian Sab-bath," the Advance, of Harriman, Tenn., has the following paragraphs:Š We have been giving considerable space lately to the consideration of the Sunday question. There are few public matters of more moment. The Christian sab-bath is the bulwark of American liberty, and the key of our country's prosperity and stability. It is being assailed from front and rear by those who are opposed to Christianity and by those who are over-zealous in details, and to whom a mote appears greater than a beam, and it is high brae the solid, conserva-tive Christianity of the nation spoke out very plainly and vigorously on these matters. The Adventists pose as model people, as Christians, and when they assault the bulwark of their own lib-erty and become marauders in the camp of their pro-tectors, it is not strange that they are taken very sharply to task by church and civil authorities that are alive to the situation. For a time the Dayton Adventists got some notoriety and sympathy (just what they were planning for) be-cause of their alleged persecutions. But to one who closely observes the trend of affairs, there is an awak-ening of the conservative, thinking, substantial people, to the exposure and unstinted condemnation of the Adventists' presumptions, and they will be classed where they belong, as traitors to the cause of libertyŠcivil and religiousŠwhich they would have people be-lieve they are invoking. The fact is such people are the very quintessence of intolerance, and if they could have their way all would have to walk in their narrow groove or go to the rack. They are not subjects of sympathy even in their trials which they have invited for a purpose. We do not now purpose to characterize or discuss the said extract, but merely to select out of it a phrase which here stands as the subject of our present writing. "Over-zealous in details and to whom a mote appears greater than a beam." Such is the description of a class of people, some of whom are now suffering for the violation of what they feel to be an unjust and unwise statute. Nothing can be deemed small which involves the authority or holiness of God. The whole truth of Christianity has often been staked upon what has seemed to the majority to be a small, even an infinitesimal point of the di-vine law. Hence we have had martyrs in the world; for the observance of points such as these, and in opposition to Jewish traditions, Jesus our Lord was necessitated to lay down his life. In spirit and letter he fulfilled every jot and tittle of the law. Every part of this holy law he accounted dearer than his life. He deemed no part of it small, for it ex-pressed the will of the Father which he came to fulfil. The character of God and human redemp-tion were both concerned in its vindication at his hands. He both magnified it and made it honorable; not in one part, nor as a whole sim-ply, but in every particle, and in the spirit of the whole. Here, then, every true child of God finds the type of his obedience.. Paul was a leader, not a type. Said he, " Be ye followers of me, as I am of Christ." Jesus was ever zealous in details and found no motes in the law. To his mind everything was a beam. In Psalm 19, Jesus expresses his high esti-mate of the divine law. He there calls it perfect, sure, right, pure, clean, true, more precious than gold, sweeter than honey. It  converts the soul, makes wise the simple. By it the secret faults of the soil are discerned. Psalm 119 glorifies the entire law in all its parts. Here it shines as in a kaleidoscope in every conceivable variety of form and hue. All is beauty and nothing trivial. Jesus wore this, as did Joseph his coat of many colors. His acts were its promptings. In Psalm 40, he even says, " Yea, thy law is within my heart." So, too, all the Bible characters resembling Jesus reveal this same holy sensitiveness to the claims of God's preceptive revelations. They were faithful in the least. To stumble in one particular of this law is to be, guilty of all. James 2: 10. .We must not ain merely to keep the law in its entirety, but to realize the whole in its details; otherwise our several du-ties would remain vague and intangible. Duty becomes vivid under the specifications of its minuter parts. By its gradual actings sin brings a man to moral ruin. In the hands of Christ the law must recover him to God and holiness. By repentance he 'must attain a righteous character. And what is repentance, unless it be the straight turning about of the soul, the reversal of all its former actings, the renewal and confirmation of every holy prompting formerly unheeded? For every act of violated law the sinner must pay in Christ the penalty of obedience. Soon the curse turns to a blessing, obedience becomes his delight. And it is in the little duties of everyday life that he begins to recover himself until he stands panoplied in entire righteous-ness. Just at this point our so-called Christian civilization breaks down completely. All the reforms set on foot but daub the consciences of men with untempered mortar. They cry, " Peace, peace; when there is no peace." The men of this generation regard Sabbath-keep-ing, when it insists upon the literal seventh day of the commandment, as too trifling to be thought of with seriousness. Mere worldly business may insist upon exactness, but not religion! But as the judgments of God come to be visited upon the people for violated law, they may awake to some consciousness of their actual condition. Let all true Sabbath-keepers endure the taunts of their misguided detractors, live in the clear light of God's approval, and by word and deed commend to the men of to-day the truth as it is in Jesus. The Bible, the law and gospel of Christ, must be transferred to the every-day life of his followers, in order that they may become effective instruments of salvation. Sabbath-keepers have become a spectacle; they live in the eye of the world, and their every-day life is scanned with a studied carefulness. Let them, therefore, live in all good conscience both toward God and man, touching every point of the divine law. To keep Sabbath accurately is well; but to keep every command of God with ',spiritual precision is still 'better. The Sabbath is not well observed *hen other precepts are delib-erately neglected. A true Christian morality is regardful of every requirement. In word the solemn promise of Israel was exact, but they failed in the performance and the cov-enant was broken: " All that the Lord hath commanded we will do." The reward comes to completed duty: " Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life." American Temperance University, Harriman, Tenn. ŁŁŁ No wrung "has a right to perpetuity, even for an hour. HOW A NASHVILLE PAPER REGARDS RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE. [The Cottage Pulpit, Nashville, Tenn., September.] ENFORCING religious dogma by law is no new thing under the sun, but as old almost as the sky over our heads. Practically, it was Cain's method of carrying his point in the dispute with his brother Abel in the first field of religious conflict, that this green earth of ours ever furnished to man. We read in the fourth chapter of Genesis: " And Cain talked with Abel his brother; and it came to pass when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him." In its milder form of manifestation, as we have it operating here in America, the spirit of intolerance or religious persecution ignores the bludgeon, which was probably Cain's in-strument of enforcing his side of the question in dispute upon the acceptance of Abel. The bludgeon, and rack, and stake, and fire, and sword, are, we repeat,ignored by us of America, as yet, and the milder forms of the law of " might makes right" only are resorted to by the strong party, to convince the weak party that they are in error, no matter how much their consciences, and the Bible as it reads to them, may protest that they are in the right and their adversaries, the great majority aforesaid, in error. The milder form of the spirit of religious persecution in this country is now content with the " Blue Laws," which have been fished up out of the statute books of the indi-vidual States, some of them; though how long these same Blue Laws will satiate their appetite for the food on which the spirit that is in them grows and fattens, no one can say. In some localities murmurs of dissatisfaction are beginning to be heard, and demands for heavier fines upon the sabbath (Sunday) breaking Christians are being talked about. The spirit of persecution does not go back-ward. If allowed to stand its motion is for-ward. In the very nature of things, when power is used to coerce the refractory into obedience, the only limit to the exercise of such coercive power once begun in any par-ticular direction is the limit, the extent, or reserve of the force unemployed, until ex-hausted. It follows, therefore, that to look ahead at the effort now being made to " save the Sunday," or first day of the week, in this country, not by force of logic on its side as against the few who are contending for the restoration, and themselves religiously observe, the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, not by furnishing a line of valid proof of its being the day God blessed in the beginning and commanded to be observed as the rest day of his appointment; but, in utter disregard of all such considerations, and because, forsooth, it is the day designated in the Blue-Law codes of the States as the day upon which manual labor must cease, and rest therefrom be observed, because the civil power, backed by the ecclesiastical power, says so!Šthis being in a nutshell the status of the question to which things are settling down, the issue is about to be forced upon us as one between the State and its Sunday law on the one part, and the two or three sects of seventh-day Chris-tians on the other part, with the whole mass of the first-day Christians, Protestant as well as Catholic, backing the State in the unequal contest! One of two things, it is plain to be seen, must be the outcome of this novel state of things. Either the State and its backing will have to yield the field and relegate the Blue Laws to their grave again, granting to those who are now being persecuted and imprisoned 