Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 23, 1889. NUMBER 39. Tir An2eFical2 geRtir2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE Catholic World gives the exact situation in a nutshell. It says: "We are purely and simply Catholic, ,and profess an unreserved alle-giance to the church, which takes precedence of; and gives the rule to, our allegiance to the State." And yet we have acquaintances who became ex-ceedingly angry when in argument they were "cornered" by the statement that no true Cath-olic can be a good American citizen.ŠThe Eye. IT is stated that in Servia a law has been passed requiring all shops and places of business to be closed, not only on Sunday, but on all the holy days of the church as well. All told, the number is ,180. The law is rigidly enforced. A shop keeper who supplied a customer with a little rice on one of the interdicted days, was recently fined 100 franks for his crime. But this is only Sun-day legislation carried to its legitimate conclu-sion. If the State has a right to say that bus-iness shall be suspended on Sunday, it has the same right to say that it shall be suspended on other so-called holy days.Š.Signs of the Times. THOSE Chicago ministers who are grieved be-cause men will drink Sunday, and because the mayor whom they helped to elect will not pre-vent their doing so, might read, with profit the remarks of Elder Waggoner at the convention of the Seventh-day Adventists at Bloomington early this week. Said he:Š "If men can be brought to the observance of Sunday by persuasion, by preaching and writing, that is right, but to enforce it by law is destroy-ing the purpose of evangelical work and making hypocrisy compulsory. When the law of Sunday rest is on the statute books and enforced it will not result in bringing people into the churches but will send them to find recreation and amusement 'elsewhere." In other words, that which some of the short-sighted preachprs demand that Mr. Cregier shall do for them, is something they should do for themselves. They want to leave their pulpits and let him take their, places and do missionary work for them, backed by the cudgels of his po-lice. They will accomplish more if they take Elder Waggoner's, and follow Brother Murphy's, example and try a little moral suasion. St. Paul did not ask Felix to detail a few Roman centu- rions with swords and spears to help him in his work, but he went up and down preaching mightily, and made many converts. He did not sit still and wait for men to come to him to be convinced, but he went after them. He did not depend on militant coercion to make men good and to refrain from an indulgence of appetite.ŠChicago Tribune, Sept. 12, 1889, The Petition and the Inquisition. THE supplement to the March monthly doc-ument of the American Sabbath Union was de-voted to a statement of how the friends of the Sunday might co-operate with the union. Fol-lowing an extract from the constitution, which states that the object of the union is "to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and wor-ship," there was an earnest appeal to every indi-vidual to push the petitions for a Sunday law, making not the least abatement because Congress had adjourned. The following form of petition, was suggested:Š " The undersigned organizations and adult residents of the United States, twenty-one years of age or more, earnestly petition you to pass a bill forbidding in the government's mail and military service and in inter-state commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of necessity and mercy, and such private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week by abstaining from labor and business, as will neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship." We claim that this petition alone furnishes ample proof that the American Sabbath Union contemplates a union of Church and State in the fullest sense, and is providingŠunconsciously it may be, but none the less surelyŠfor the estab-lishment of the Inquisition. Strange as it may seem to some, we find the strongest proof of this in the proposed exemption of those thatobserve another day. The workers for a Sunday law lay a great deal of stress on the fact that they make such an ex-ception. In his speech before the Senate Com-mittee, Mr. Crafts spoke of the exception that is made to the Seventh-day Baptists by the laws of Rhode Island, allowing them to carry on public industries on the first day of the week, and said that " the tendency of Legislatures and executive officers towards those who claim to keep a Satur- day Sabbath is to over-leniency rather than, over-strictness." In the same hearing Mrs. Bateham spoke of the exemption that was asked for in the petition, stating that they would like to exempt Seventh-day keepers from the penalties of the law for which they asked, providing it could be done, but that if such an exemption would work against the general enforcement of the law then they did not 'wish it. These statements show that they  simply regard themselves as making a great con-cession when they do not persecute people who rest upon Saturday. Dr. Bothwell, of Oakland, Cal., stated their feeling very well when he said: " Most of the States make provision for the exer-cise of the peculiar tenets of belief which are enter-tained by the Adventists. They can worship on Sat-urday, and call it the Sabbath, if they choose ; but there let their privileges end. Instead of thankfully making use of concessions granted them, and then going off quietly and attending to their own business, as they ought, they start out making unholy alliances that they may defeat the purposes of their benefac-tors." With these statements compare the following from the first chapter of Dr. Schafi's work on "The Progress of Religious Freedom, as Shown in the History of Toleration Acts." Says he:Š "An edict or act of toleration is a grant of the civil government, which authorizes religious societies dis-senting from the State religion to worship according to the dictates of conscience without liability to per-secution. Such an edict always presupposes a relig-ion established by law and supported by the State, and the right of the State to control public worship. Toler-ation may proceed from necessity, or from prudence, or from indifference, or from liberality and an enlarged view of truth and right. It may be extended or with-drawn by the government; but it is usually the en-tering wedge for religious liberty and legal equality. "There is a wide difference between toleration arid liberty. The one is a concession, the other a right; the one is a matter of expediency, the other a princi-ple; the one is a gift of man, the other a gift of God. " Toleration implies more or less censure or disap-proval. We tolerate or endure what we dislike or cannot prevent. The most despotic governments are tolerant towards subjects who are too numerous or too useful to be killed or exiled. Russia tolerates Romanists, Protestants, Jews, and Mohammedans; Turkey tolerates Christian dogs,' and likes them to prey upon each other; but woe to him in either country who apostatizes from the State religion, or attempts to induce any member of the same to apos-tasy. Toleration is first sought and granted as a favor, then demanded and conceded as a right, and at last spurned as an insult. In a free country no-body wants to be tolerated for his religious opinions or sacred convictions. " Religious liberty is a natural, fundamental, and inalienable right of every man. It is founded on the sacredness of conscience, which is the voice of God in man, and above the reach and control of human authority. There is a law above all human laws. It is written, not on parchment and tables of stone, but on the heart of man by the finger of God. It is that law which commands with the categorical im- perative, and which filled the philosopher Kant with ever-growing reverence and awe. We must obey God more than man.' He and he alone is the Author and Lord of conscience, and no power on earth has a right to interpose itself between them. Every man stands or falls to his own Lord.' Liberty of con- science requires liberty of worship as its manifesta- tion. To grant the former and to deny the latter is to imprison conscience and to promote hypocrisy or infidelity. Religion is in its nature voluntary, and ceases to be religion in proportion as it is forced. God, wants free worshipers, and no others. " Toleration is an intermediate state between reli ' ious persecution and religious liberty. Persecut. 