PHT '.2kIVIRRICAN 'SENTINEL,. 155 give legal -and enforced sanction to the idea 'that the Christian religion and the belief and practice of its principles are only for -temporal advantage, is for the State to put an immense premium upon Hypocrisy: But there is already entirely too 'much of the profession of religion for onlyiwhat can be gained in this world by it politically, financially;  and socially. And for the State to sanction the evil principle;  and prorriote the practice by adopting it as a system and inculcating it upon the minds of the very children as. they grow up, would bring upon the country such a' flood of corruption as it would be impossible for civil society to bear.  Let us not be misiinderstood:. We do net 'deny fbiŁ an instant, but rather assert fo`rover,'that the prineiples- of the Chris-tian religion received .into the heart and carried 'ent in the 'life will make good citizens always: =But it is' Only:because it derives :its sanction from the diVine -source--because it is rooted in the very soul and nourished by the gracious in-fluences' of the Holy Spirit.. This, how- . ever, the State of itself can never secnre. This at once carries us into the realm of conscience,- upon the plane of spiritual, and it can be secured only by spiritual forces, none of which have ever been committed -to the State, but to the Church only: A. T. J. Religiove Amendment to the Con- stitution. SENATOR BLAIR'S proposed amendment is to force into all the public schools the teaching of the principles of Christianity. This arrangement is open to many objec-tions. 1 It is a proposition to have the State undertake a work which, outside of the family, belongs only to the Church. This is the chief characteristic of a union of Church and =State. Civil ,affairs belong to the State; religious affairs belong to God and the Church; ".render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cmsar's'; and unto God the things which are Gods." Matt. 22:: 21. 2. In the matter of the religious train-ing of children, it "puts the State not only in the place of the parent, but above the parent." As' =God holds =the parents responsible for their children, it is evident that they should be allowed to train the children =as they believe God requires, Without any interference of the State. 3. It proposes to use* carnal weapons (force) to propagate religion. Christ says; " Whosoever will, let him take the water of life," 'but the advocates of the ameridnient intend to' compel people tip study religion whether-they desire to or not. 4. The :first amendment to the Consti-tution 'says, ‚` Congress shall 'make no law respecting' an establishment of, religion, Or prohibiting 'the free exercise thereof ;"  but the proposed amendment would change this by compelling Congress and the State Legislatures to make laws for the establishment of the principles of Christianity in all the public schools. 5. The Blair amendment does not define these "principles," which would necessi-tate a succcession of church councils, similar to those convened in the Dark Ages, or the introduction into our civil courts of an endless chain of religious litigation, to settle the disputes constantly arising among the people.Š A. Delos Westcott, in Reedsburg, Wisconsin, Free Press. Ł How Far They Propose to Carry It. A REGULAR contributor to the Christian Statesman, Rev. N. R. Johnston, of Oak-land, California, has an article in that paper, of April 10 and 17, entitled, " Christ's Headship over the Nations," which is worthy of notice, for the reason that he is a representative National Re-former, and it is fair to presume that his views are entirely in harmony with those of his brethren, since, they are published without dissent in,the official, organ of the National Reform Association. ,Referring to the . evils which =prevail in our land, Mr. Johnston says :Š The antidote to these abounding' evils and to 'whatever tends to ruin us as a Nation is to be found in two things :- 1. The general prevalence of pure religion and consequent pure Christian morals. To bring about this desirable end is, under God, the work of the Church of Christ. 2. The voluntary submission of the Nation and Government to Christ Jesus as Lord of nations ; or voluntary obedience to King Jesus. With the first of these " two things" no Christian can find one word of fault. It is most emphatically true. The only an-tidote for evil, in the sense of sin, or wick-edness, into be found in Christianity; but Christianity can operate upon a nation only through individuals. It can elevate a nation morally only by reforming and elevating individuals; and to do.this " is, under God, the work of the Church," but the Church bears no message to nations; the gospel message is to be' preached in all nations, but to individuals, and only individuals Can hear, believe, and obey it, and be reformed and saved by it. The second of Mr. Johnston's " two things " is the central thought of National Reform. Undoubtedly those who urge it suppose that they do it for the honor of Christ, and for the good of the Nation. But its danger is equalled only by its subtlety. Such submission would be only a mockery unless at least a majority of the Nation were indeed Christians, and even then it would be a real submission only on the part of those who, were Chris-tians; and after it was made the Nation would be no more Christian, in the proper sense of the word, than it was,  before; that is, it would 'be Christian.- only so far  as those who composed it were Christian. Indeed while there might be a nation of Christians, there can be no such thing as a Christian nation. To make such a, sub-mission more 'than an empty compliment, a mere profession meaning nothing, force would have to be given to it by making the law of Christ, the divine law as re- vealed in the word of God, the supreme law of the land. But to do that would be to establish a theocracy;`not indeed a true theocracy in which God himself would be the ruler, but a man-made theocracy in which men would rule in the name of God. But in such a theocracy as that the supreme law would be not the law of God in fact, but such a version of that law as those in power might from time to time see fit to impose upon those under their rule. That theocracy would not be one divinely established, and administered by inspired men, as was the theocracy under Moses and Joshua, but it would be a the-ocracy established by men and adminis-tered, not only by uninspired men, but too often by evil and designing men. This would be in effect to put men in the *place of God'. and to cause men to look to their fellows instead of to God to know their duty toward God. It is by this very principle that the Pope rules; in fact the principle of the Papacy, and of Na-tional Reform is the same. The only dif-ference is that the Papacy exalts the Pope, while National Reform would exalt some other man or men in exactly the same way and with the same result; namely, that of placing men in the place of God and causing them to stand in the relation of God to their fellows so far as moral government is concerned. The moral law, the law of God, binds the consciences of men. It follows, there-fore, that to make men the administrators of the divine law is to give them power over the consciences of their fellow-men. The unavoidable conclusion is that Na-tional Reform seeks to endow human Governments with the sovereignty of con-science, a sovereignty which, according to the gospel, belongs only to God. But it may be said, as it has been said before, that National Reform ,would make the divine law as revealed in the Scriptures, the law of the land no farther than to make it the model for human legislation, and that only so far as it might be ap-plicable to civil government. But how far would it be held to be applicable ? This question is one the Government would have to decide, and it would be decided not by any fixed and infallible rule, not by divine wisdom and direction, but by men certain to err even as men have erred before in deciding similar questions. It would just as certainly make men judges of the divine law as it would to declare the whole law of God the supreme rule in civil affairs. We are not, however, left to surmises in this matter. In the article in the 