THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.  149 them as wrongs, as infractions of the rights of others, and as hurtful to the . body politic. Thus not having a cogni-tion - of morality, it is impossible for the State to teach morality. In like manner, the State does not know religion.  It does not know depend-ence on God, obligation, responsibility, duty, love, or obedience to God. These all are personal cognitions and experi-ences. Persons having the may, and frequently do, organize on them as a basis and for their cultivation. The Church is such an organization. But such a society . the State is not. It is based on cognitions and experiences entirely different and for entirely other .purposes. Persons who do not have those cognitions and experiences, and:who deny the possibility of having them, belong to the State. . . . A re--ligiOus character is impossible for a na-tion. The phrase " a Christian nation " is 'absurd. If every man, woman, and child in the State were a Christian, we should then not be  Christian. -nation, but a nation of Christians. Christianity is not a ,national-  characteristic; it does not run in-  the blood. No one is a Christian in virtue .of his birth of a certain race, or of citizenship in a certain State. Christian-ity is a personal and an acquired charac-teriStic, and is not essential to nationality .or to .citizenship.  The State neither,  knows nor recognizes religion when it exists. It is impossible, therefore for the State to teach religion; of those truths and experiences it has no cognitions. Consider again what it is to teach mo-rality. It - is something other than the enumeration and exposition of  moral duties, or than a dissertation on the phi-losophy of. ethics. Persons may be very learned in all this, and yet be utterly wanting in moral- education as the word is used iii the objection of the Catholics. ..Moral education is the awakening of the moral nature to a vivid sense of right and wrong, to a love of right and a hatred of wrong, to a choosing of the right and a rejection of the wrong, and to a conse-quent constant exercise of the will in right volitions. But these results are produced by the impingement of a moral nature already educated on an unawakened moral nature.  But the State has no such edu-cated moral nature. It has no moral nat-ure at all. It does not, it cannot, exact such an educated moral nature as, a quali-fication iirfits servant the school teacher. All that , it asks, or can ask, is power and aptness to impart information with an inoffen.sive outward conduct. For this reason_ the State cannot become the agent of moral education. The same is true of religious edudation. This does not consist in conveying infor-mation concerning God and man, Christ and  :the Bible, sin  and salyation, the Church and holiness.. Mere knowledge of these things is utterly worthless. It im-proves neither the citizen nor the man.  As mere knowledge, stopping with itself, it is not worth teaching at all. Religious education is the awakening of the spirit-ual nature of man so that lie may feel his dependence on God, his obligation to God, his sin against God, and the love and mercy of God toward him in Christ Jesus,. and so that lie may come back to God in Christ Jesus in repentance and faith, love, consecration and obedience. This alone is that religious education which our Catholic fellow-citizens so justly tell us is essential to complete human education, and which produces the manhood and the morality so necessary to good citizenship. This education can be produced, generally speaking, only by the impingement of a spiritually educated nature, on an una-wakened spiritual nature. But the State has no such educated religious nature. It has no religious nature at all. Hence, the State cannot impart the religious edu-cation here spoken of. The best instrument for the awakening and nurture of a spiritual nature is the Bible. But the Bible is a spiritual instru-ment, and can be properly used only by the  spiritually - minded. The carnally- minded and the worldly-minded can teach facts and truths about the Bible, and ex.-pound intellectually some of the contents of the Bible. But to use the book as a means of spiritual awakening and nurture is possible for the spiritually-minded only. The State is utterly void of this spiritual-mindedness, and hence is utterly unfit to use the Bible for religious instruction. We are thus shut in to the conclusion that the State is not competent to give man a complete education. It has not the power, and hence it is not its function to impart moral and spiritual instruction.ÑRev. Owen James, in National Baptist. .ma  T hose who preach to rulers the duty of employing power to propagate the truth, would do well to re-member that falsehood, though no match for truth alone, has often been found more than a match for truth and power together. The, Best Defense of the Public Schools. THE friends of the public-school system have need to be on the alert. Its enemies are active, and will destroy the best scheme of public education ever devised, if not resisted. But we must not only de-fend it against its enemies; we must save it from some of its friends. No small part of the present agitation concerning it is due to that class of its professed friends who are fighting outside of the legitimate lines of defense. For example, a protest has been 'made because the mayor of this city appointed a Roman Catholic as School Commissioner in place of another Roman Catholic. This protest would be legiti-mate, if the new commissioner were op-posed to our public schools and wished to break them down. But there is no ev-idence that this is the fact, nor is it even  alleged. In the absence of any such proof it is manifestly unfair and unjust, and savors of religious proscription to insist that no Roman Catholic shall serve on a public school board. The strong defense of the public school is that it is public, for the benefit of all without distinction of race or religion. There-is no other ground upon which to justify the taxation of peo-ple of all races and religions for its sup-port. Catholics are taxed for it, Catholics patronize it extensively, and Catholics as such should not be excluded from its man-agement. This is an impregnable position for the friends of the public school to take. If they take it and adhere to it they will compel all enemies to surrender.ÑInde-pendent.  a.   Any invasion of the rights of another done of purpose is persecution. Any invasion of the rights of others, by large bodies, is none the less persecu-tion; and when these rights are rights of con-science, it is persecution, and the men who suffer from it feel it as persecution the moment their at-tention, is addressed to it. The moment that a Jew becomes aware that his' taxes are appropriated to a form of worship alien to his faith, and which teaches its falsehood, he is persecuted, and it is only a question of time and humanity whether those who persecute him shall be persuaded to persecute him more. -6 -4- ¥   The Common Schools are Common to All. THE following extract is from the con-curring opinion of Justice Orton in the decision of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. It is the clearest statement of the case of the " common school " that we have seen, and is valuable as well for its sound principles :Ñ I most fully and cordially concur in the decision and in the opinions of Justices Lyon and Cassoday in this case. It is not needful that any other opin-ion should be written, but I thought it proper to state briefly some of the reasons which have induced such concurrence in the decision. The right of every man to worship almighty God according to the dictates of his own conscience shall never be infringed; nor shall any man be compelled to attend, erect or support any place of worship; . . . nor shall any control or interfer-ence with the rights of conscience be permitted or any preference be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of worship.ÑConstitution, Art. 1, Sec. 18. No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification for any offce of public trust, under the State, and no person shall be rendered incom-petent to give evidence in any court of law or equity, in consequence of his opinions on the sub-ject of religion.ÑConstitution, Art.-  I, Sec. 19. The interest of "the school fund," and all other revenues derived from the school lands shall be exclusively applied, etc, to the support and main-tenance of common schools in each school district, etc.ÑArt. X, Sec. 2, subdivision 1. The Legislature shall provide by law for the establishment of district schools which shall be as nearly uniform as praeticable;. and such schools shall be free, and without charge for tuition, to all children between the ages of four, and twenty 