538 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 2. That swords, cannons, guns, powder, lead, prisons, :gold, silver, or bank-notes, cannot make the conscience bend, renew the soul, spiritually illumine the human mind, nor give a new moral sense. That rack, gibbets, wheels, whips, or even the mild punishment of four dollars' fine, -cannot promote piety or benevolence. 3. That all such efforts on the part of the magistrate are prohibited in the institutes of Christianity. I am aware that not a few model both the church -and the state after the "commonwealth of Israel," and would have something like the Jew in civil and ecclesias-tical concerns. I have yet said nothing respecting the -civil magistracy of the Jews, which seems to be the copy after which the "moral associations" would, if they ldared, model their little Sanhedrims and their young St. Giles. With regard to the Jews I will say, there was no office purely civil. Their government was a pure theocracy, -and all their officers were under the immediate appoint. ment of their king, who was none else than their God. Hence, when they sought a king like other nations, the Lord charged them with having rejected himself as their ,king. Civil and religious offices were reposed in the same hands; hence Moses performed offices civil and religious. The seventy elders, selected to assist him in judging and -awarding, took under their cognizance things civil and religious. The Jews cannot become a model to any na-tion in the world, either in their civil government or in -their ecclesiastical; for this plain reason, that no nation -ever stood in the same relation to God, nor received their political institutions in the same manner. I would re-mind those who are so eager to imitate them that the punishment the Jewish rulers inflicted on those who transgressed the letter of the first table of the law, was -only death. The Sabbath-breaker and the blasphemer were only stoned to death. There was no commutation -of the crime; for, if the sins against God are to be pun-ished as such, there is no, temporal privation that can be -considered as such. Let those who are zealous of punish-ing Sabbath-breakers and of executing what they call the law of God, be consistent with themselves and their pre--cedents, and stone to death the Sabbath-breaker and the blasphemer. Since the Jewish religion became obselete, there never was a tribunal on earth appointed of God to take cogni-zance of, or to punish, sins against God. This power God has committed to none on earth; he has no representa-tive on earth. In regard to the Sabbath day and the institutes of religion, I except them entirely from the jurisdiction or -cognizance of the civil magistrates, in any sense what--ever. "THE man who lives for self hasn't much of an object to live for." WHISKEY is liquid anarchy. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. L BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE Holy Spirit is the divinely-appointed representa tive of Christ upon earth. A part of the ministry of the Holy Spirit is to lead the follower of Christ "into all the truth." John 16:13. (R. V.) He who has the Holy Spirit dwelling in him fully,Šhe who has completely surrendered himselfŠbody, soul, and spiritŠto the guidance of the Holy Spirit,Šneed not fear being taught anything but the truth. The Holy Spirit is the "Spirit of truth," and could teach nothing contrary to the truth. But the Holy Spirit is not the only spirit that is in the world, and there is danger of one's surrendering him-self up to a spirit claiming to be the Holy Spirit, but which is in reality a lying spirit. In that case the soul would inevitably be led into error, and at the same time believe it to be the truth. Of this danger God has warned the children of men, even as he warned our first parents in the Garden of Eden of the enemy who would attempt to beguile them away from God. Hence we read: "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God; be-cause many false prophets are gone out into the world." 1 John 4:1. This being so, it is our imperative duty to challenge every spirit that comes to us, even the Holy Spirit. In the Scripture quoted above, we have divine authority for challenging every doctrine that is taught us by any of these spirits. We must try them all. But to do this we must have some standard of truth, and to that standard even the Holy Spirit must con-form. This is not because the Spirit of God could in any way lead us astray, but it is to safeguard us against false spirits and false teachers whom they might use. But whatever that standard is it must be the truth; and it must be so plain that the dullest mind can under-stand it. If this were not so, those only of the keenest intellects would be safe. What this standard is, is told us by the Prophet Isaiah, chap. 8:20: "To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not according to this word it is because there is no light in them." In previous articles we have shown that in the plan of redemption the law of God is above Christ and the gospel. They are both subject to it in the sense that whatever they teach cannot be right unless it is witnessed to by the law. Rom. 3:21. Just so it is with the Holy Spirit. Concerning this law the Psalmist says, "Thy right-eousness is an everlasting righteousness; and thy law is the truth." Psa. 119:142. Any spirit therefore, which, claiming to be the Holy Spirit, shall teach anything contrary to that law, is not to be received as the Holy Spirit. 