234 AMERICAN SENTINEL. for reasons other than the ordinance, shall not be a crim-inal. It goes farther still. This interpretation declares that he who Sabbathizes at a time not designated by the city must do so from pure religious motives and not 'for revenue only.' "Carbone is now condemned because he is not reli-gious enough to be a legal Sabbath keeper. But since the ordinance has not been fully tested no accurate standard of religiousness has been laid down by the city, and that duty is forced upon the jury. It is a delicate duty. "It is in evidence that Carbone has outwardly Sab-bathized according to the law. But twelve men have de-termined that he has not added to this outward observ-ance sufficient pureness of motive, to be entitled to ex-emption under the religious provisions of the ordinance. If it was criminal in Carbone to sell gum on Sunday be-cause he had not religiously complied with the law, how about the otherparties in the criminal act who purchased on Sunday in the ordinance 'secular' way without any pretence of Sabbathizing on the previous day?" It is.hardly necessary to add that all Sunday-closing ordinances are essentially the same in character. Is He a Good Citizen ? THE following conversation occurred near this place a short time ago between two intelligent personsŠone an Infidel and the other a CatholicŠwhich is worthy of more than passing notice:Š Catholic.Š"Old Boozle Jim is most always drunk; he is a poor citizen." Infidel.Š"Yes,John, I would hesitate to call a drunk-ard a good citizen." ' C.Š"By the way, Harry, what do you think of the citizenship of a good Roman Catholic; of course, you know there are some bad Catholics who cannot be taken into account." ./.Š"Well, I think a bad Catholic, that is, in the eyes of the Roman Catholic Church, is a good, or at least a better citizen of the United States than a good Roman Cath-olic." C.Š"What makes you think so, Harry?" have so far failed to see how a man obeying the dictates of a foreign potentate, can be a good citizen of any nation, for that matter." C.Š"But have Catholics not done much to build up the welfare of the United States?" I.Š"A favorite maxim of the Roman Church is, 'The end justifies the means;' if that was not the principle rul-ing in this case, it was probably because these Catholic philanthropists were more liberal in their views." C.Š"But they were in good standing, I assure you." I.Š"John, will you answer me a few questions hon-estly?" C.Š"Certainly, Harry." I.Š"Supposing an electionto be held between two po-litical factions, say in three months hence; the platform of the first party being to the interests of the Catholic  Church, but inimical to the welfare of the United States, whereas the platform of the second party is just the re-verseŠinimical to the Catholic Church, but for the welfare of the nation. Now, the pope hearing how matters stand, issues a 'bull,' causing it to be read in all the American churches, forbidding all loyal members to vote for the party who, on coming into power, would work against the church, and commanding all to vote for the party whose platform is in the interests of the Catholic Church, but inimical to the national welfare; would you obey?" C.Š"Yes; and every good Catholic would obey; for we should by right obey the holy father." I.Š"Yes, John; but a. good citizen seeks the welfare of his nation; but if Catholics do -as you say, they work against the welfare of the nation, and are therefore not good citizens, but traitors. Why, according to your tes-timony, Catholics would betray this nation if it would benefit their church. How can a traitor be a good cit-izen?" C.Š"They are good citizens because they- are subject to the higher powers. The \pope is higher than any nation composed mainly of heretics; and when we get controŠ" (Exits quickly in anger.) IŠ(Calling after) "John, you are a good citizen of Rome, but an alien in the United States." GEO. F. B. UNGER. Calcium, Pa. Sunday and Tradition. "Sabbath Recorder." ONE of the most open avowals of the decay of faith in the sacredness of Sunday, on the part of Baptist leaders, is found in the records of the Baptist Congress held in Detroit, Mich., in 1894. A prominent theme in that gath-ering was this: "Tradition as a Formative Force in Bap-tist Doctrine and Church Life." Five prominent Baptists took part in the discussion of this theme. It goes with-out saying that such a theme must induce a considera-tion of the Sunday question. Rev. Augustine S. Carman said: "It is doubtful whether, if we were left to the scanty indications of the New Testament alone, unaided by the light thrown on the New Testament from subsequent times, we should have been able to arrive at that observ-ance Of the Lord's day, which has been the priceless pos-session of Christendom. At any rate we owe a large debt to tradition for facts which aid us in the interpretation of the scanty intimations of Scripture on this subject." Rev. Levi D. Temple made a full surrender of the Sun-day to tradition. He declared that tradition was the source of the introduction of the Sunday into the Baptist creed. It had been placed in their Standards like th3 "Philadelphia Confession," dating from 1784, withoit biblical support. He averred that the Baptist creed whch claimed that Sunday has taken the place of the Sabrath 