AzzierzoasT.A.r.., R6li flious Libortil fissoGiatioo ,,.,,—1:04T.stisttet TO  .4(  Ł 4,  1.11r.--2,114 .1(M' THE  61.4-rt AND TnE. ceeitC to8iiitS641".4597'  326 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. DEGLRRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as s curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-lighms questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T gt., N. W. WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 Cottron PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICR. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. Longnecker Locates the Crime. THE readers of THE SENTINEL will remember noticing an item entitled, "Intolerance in Illinois," which announced that David Longnecker, a sev-enth day observer of Oakley, Ill., had been ar-rested on complaint of his neighbor, on the follow-ing charge :Š Jacob Tidrow complains that David Long-necker, of the County of Macon and State of Il-linois, on the first day of the week, commonly called. Sunday, to wit : on the 19th day of July, A. D , 1891, was guilty of making a great noise, screaming and talking with a loud voice, whereby the peace of the affiant and his family was then and there disturbed. As stated in the above-mentioned article, the ar-rest was based on Sec. 262 of the Statutes of Il-linois, which provides for a fine of not less than twenty five dollars for disturbing the peace of any private family, " by any noise, rout, or amuse-ment, on the first day of the week, called Sun- day." The complainant failed to prove the charge, he himself admitting, that Mr. Longnecker was heard to speak to his horses, and start and stop them, but not louder than was necessary, nor louder than he would on any other day. Illinois has another statute which forbids com-mon labor on Sunday, but exempts " whomsoever thinks proper to keep another day as the Sabbath." Failing to convict under Sec. 262, Mr. Longnecker was found " guilty in that he had labored on. the Sabbath," and was ordered to pay a fine and costs amounting to $17.80. The decision was based on Sec. 261, not referred to in the indictment, and which contains an exemption clause as quoted. An appeal was taken, and a representative of the National Religious Liberty Association was sent to secure counsel for the defense. After interview-ing the witness and consulting a lawyer he was ad-vised to go and ask the State's Attorney to dismiss the case on the ground that there was no cause of action. Accordingly he called on the State's At-torney, and was referred to the Assistant State's Attorney who had prosecuted the case. He admit-ted that Mr. Longnecker had observed the sev-enth-day Sabbath, for some months before be was arrested, and that there was an exemption favor-ing seventh-day observers, but, argued that Mr. Longnecker had not as yet joined a Seventh-day Adventist Church (there is none in his neighbor-hood), that he was still a member of the United Brethren Church, the same as Mr. Tidrow his pros- ecutor. When his attention was called to the fact that a  man need not be a member of any church to get the benefit of the exemption, the State's Attorney said he would be willing to dismiss the case if the prosecuting witness, Mr. Tidrow, was agreed. This bigoted attempt to convict an honest man of crime in the face of both justice and law needs no comment. When 'Mr. Tidrow was seen he' was -anxious to have the case dismissed, stating that,he was mad when he had Mr. Longnecker arrested, and that Mr. Longnecker's conduct towards him since the trial was such that he desired the case withdrawn. Mr. Tidrow said: "Mr. Longnecker treated me as kindly after the trial as if nothing had occurred, and when my wife was taken ill, Mrs. Longnecker came down and took care of her. I don't want to prosecute him." Conse-quently he signed the following communication and the case was dismissed :Š DECATUR, Ill., Sept. 11, 1891. To Isaac R. Mills, State's Attorney, Macon County ŠDEAR SIR : The case against David Longnecker instituted by myself, -as prosecuting witness, was begun under a misapprehension on my part. I am very sorry that the case is now pending. I do not believe' now that Mr. Long-necker is guilty of any misdemeanor or crime whatever. He is conscientious in what he does. I do not want to appear against him. JACOB TIDROW." Here lies the secret of all these intolerant prose-cutions. When Mr. Tidrow was "mad" as he said, when his heart was hard, Mr. Longnecker, his Christian brother had committed a crime; but when his heart was made tender with a return of good for evil, the crime was transformed into a virtue. Where then lies the crime for which all these Sabbatarians are arrested and imprisoned ? It exists, not in fact but in the hard intolerant heart of their persecutors; a change of heart to conform to the heart of the loving Savior would bring all this demand for rigid Sunday laws and their enforcement to an immediate and permanent end. Heresy I Traitor! Treason ! THE above epithets have invariably been applied to the dissenting minority, by the majority, whose religion was protected and enforced by the State. Thus far in the history of our Republic heresy and treason have not been synonymous. All have been free to teach and practice the religion which their minds and consciences approved. If this belief did not conform with the thought of the majority, the charge of " heresy " was the severest accusation that could be brought against the dissenter. From the following communication received by Elder J. W. Bagby, a Seventh-day Adventist min-ister, from a clergyman of a popular denomination in southern Illinois, in response to a request for the use of his church in which to deliver a series of lec- tures, we see that there are some who are anxiously awaiting the final decision of the King case with the cherished hope that they will thereby be en-abled to add the charge of treason to that of heresy. It is the undisputed right of one denomination to close its house of worship against doctrines which,  it believes to be false, and it is not this action on the part of the congregation that is to be criticised, but the reason for the action, given at the close of the communication. HOWELL CHAPEL, Ill., Aug 5,-1891. To Rev. Bagby et al., concerned: We tender you the house for'a few nights, with the understanding that you preach such things as are held by the leading orthodox churches of the country, namely, the Baptists, Presbyterians, Camp bellites or Christian Order, the Methodists, and any others which may be on the same line ; and such doc-trines as the following: faith, repentance, atone-ment, and if you desire you can, preachon the end of time, with the understanding that you do not preach on the Sunday question. Furthermore, that when the trustees and mem-bers ask you to vacate the house, you will do so at once. Furthermore, that after these services which you are permitted to hold under the above agree ment are closed you do not ask for a regular ap-pointment, or any services at any time till,  the Su-preme Court decides the case now pending, which  came up from Tennessee, concerning the observ-ance of the Sunday law. And if it is decided in your favor, you will not ask for the use of the house till you have given sufficient proof that you are an orthodox church, and that your church does not conflict with the laws of our land, as we are admonished by the Bible to be obedient to the laws of the land..  By this we are to understand that if the United States Supreme.  Court decides that King is not compelled to observe Sunday, then if Mr. Bagby-can'prove that his church is in harmony with the laws on all other religious questions, his request for the use of the church will be considered; but if on the other hand the Court decides that Mr. King must observe Sunday in conformity with the then established State religion touching that point, he need not ask for the use of the church as they can-not harbor a man who preaches that Sunday is not the Sabbath, in the face of a judicial decision that Sunday is the Sabbath, and must be observed by all; for that would be to aid and abet a traitor and give countenance to his treasonable utterances. Are the missionaries of this denomination in Russia instructed to preach only such doctrines as are declared orthodoxy by the laws of the land ? On the contrary they are sent to preach at the peril of their lives, a religion at variance with the laws of the land. To do otherwise would be to cease to act as missionaries. And yet this Amer-ican clergyman avails himself of Russian methods in closing his doors to the doctrines of another sect. A. 0. TAIT. Coercive Sunday-Keeping. EDITOR Tribune.ŠIn your issue of September 29, I noticed a number of resolutions passed by the Rock River Methodist Episcopal Conference favor-ing the enactment and enforcement of rigid Sab-bath laws, with reasons prefaced. Among the reasons are the following:Š "God's blessing ever accompanies its (Sunday's) observance, and his curse follows its violation." Again, "Mammon and pleasure join hands to de-stroy this God-given day. Legislation has lent her aid to the Christian public, but to a great extent her statutes are a dead letter." Following the introductory reasons the Confer-ence resolved : " 1. That we will use all proper efforts to further legislation which proposes a law to uphold the observance of the Sabbath day, and we will earnestly endeavor to enforce the laws already enacted." To the writer these utterances seem out of har-mony with the American policy of entire separa-tion between Church and State. Stripped of rhet-oric and redundancies the demand of the Confer-ence narrows down to this : " We believe that God blesses the strict observance of Sunday as a holy day. Many people do not believe this, and mani-fest their unbelief by seeking pleasure or profit on that day; therefore resolved, that we force them to believe this, or act as if they believed it, by se-curing the enactment and enforcement of laws making it a crime to do otherwise." The writer is not an enemy of the Sabbath. On the contrary he would enjoy seeing it relig-iously cbserved by all; but this reform, if brought about at all, must come through moral suasion, as do all other religious practices, and not by means of an appeal to law, dangerous alike to civil and religious liberty.ŠA. F. Ballinger, in Chicago Tribune, Monday, October 5, 1891. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec_ turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. R. O. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 