270 A_IVIEEticA.N S1NIVINIET.3 VoL. 11, No. 34. washed Ł away what the drought had not killed. But while the papers are telling of this mir- acle wrought by San Isidro in Madrid, and by other bones or images in other places, how many really believe it? Probably a few, a very few, and those among the most ignorant. , And yet the farce goes on; for no one among them all dares to be the first to voice the belief Šthe unbelief Šin almost all their hearts. One of the leading Roman Catholic papers laments in bitter terms the widespread national impiety mixed up in these demonstrations of loyal, catholicity. It says:Š The-horrible, the fearful, that which hurts and dis-heartens, is to see a people that is suffering the ca-lamities that to day weigh upon Spain, forming part in a procession of penitence and of prayer in the same spirit as they would assist at a bull fight; to amuse themselves with the show, to laugh at the in-terruptions and the occurrences, not in the spirit of simple indifference and lack of religious interest, but with ostentatious impiety, the men with their hats on and making coarse fun of everythingŠone's soul revolts at the shameless speeches and the blasphemies that are heard on every hand and at every step. The word of God is first ruled out of the church and home, so that the benighted con-science shall become the slave of the priest; then upon this ignorance and docility is reared an immense fabric of man-made rites and cer-emonies, confessions and penitences, that starve the mind and dwarf the soul. Super-stition is heaped upon fable until the sour re-acts from the very absurdity and impossibility of the old wives' tales and the ridiculous claims of a worldly priesthood; and then nat-urally and inevitably follows the baldest irre-ligion while " following the procession" be-cause " our fathers did so," and because the weakened soul dares not face the sneers of a Churchly infidelity that finds it easier "to take things as they are" than to commence a strug-gle that will not end until death. And does one wish yet to ask, "What need is there for sending evangelical missionaries to Spain?" If the picture that I have drawn is painful it is because that is the character of the facts. I have "not set down aught in malice;" I have rcited the facts only for the purpose of making clear to the reader the conditions.Ł of the country from the religious point of view. No one more quickly than myself would deprecate a censorious or polem-ical spirit in such a matter. It is not ours to sit-in judgment on our fellows; but it is our mission, in all charity and gentleness of spirit, to give to this people the gospel of Christ; if they do not want it, to press it upon them.; if they revile us and persecute us, to revile not again. REV. W. H. GULICK. San Sebastian, Spain. WHY WE OPPOSE SUNDAY LAWS. WE; object to Sunday laws not because they require observance of that particular day, but because of the principle. involved. Sunday lawa are wrong, they work hardship and in-justice, they tend to destroy free heart service to God, thus making hypocrites. For these and similar reasons we oppose and would op-pose all such measures. Disguise their motive as they may by pleas for a rest day for the laboring man, the fact remains that the great majority of those who desire such laws make the demand be-cause they regard Sunday as a sacred day. Therefore the passage of a Sunday law is State interference in religious matters and involves the judicial decision of religious questions. It  follows that by enacting such laws the State usurps a prerogative of God. And not only so, but Sunday laws are unjust to man. There are in every State, and in-deed in almost every neighborhood, three classes, namely, (1) Christians who regard Sunday religiously, (2) Christians who do not regard Sunday, but who do regard the sev-enth day, and (3) non-religious persons who regard all days alike. Sunday laws necessar-ily discriminate between these classes. If, as is sometimes the case, the seventh-day Christians are exempted from the provis-ions of the law, then it is a fact that they are favored above others simply because they-are Christians. They are granted certain privil-eges on account of their religion, and that is contrary to the spirit of American institutions. If they are not exempted and required to obey the law and refrain from Sunday work, they are deprived of one-sixth of their God-given time for conscience' sake. But in any event the non-religious are forced to observe, to some extent, a religious institution in which they have no faith. NOT DEPENDENT UPON MAN. COLONEL INGERSOLL is reported as saying, concerning ,the Sunday question, " We have got to destroy the Sabbath." The Colonel could scarcely have said a more unfortunate thing; nor one that would have better pleased the Sunday-law advocates. A fight for personal liberty is one thing, and a fight against a cherished institution is quite another. A great many men who would quite agree with Mr. Ingersoll were he to insist that personally he has a perfect right to rest, play, or work on Sunday, just as he sees fit, will have no sympathy with- his ex-pressed determination to destroy " the Sab-bath." As a matter of fact, however, aside from the question of what day is the true Sabbath, it is impossible for any man or for any number of men to destroy it. The Sabbath is not dependent upon the will of men, the wicked colonel and the presumptuous Sunday-law advocates to the contrary notwithstanding. Probably those who insist that " Sunday laws are necessary for the preservation of the Sabbath," do not realize that their words are a confession that their so-called sabbath is only- a man-made institution. That which man has instituted he may annul; but God's institutions are not dependent upon the will of men. The Sabbath was made a sign be-tween God and his people (Eze. 20: 20), and so long as there remains upon the earth a single soul, loyal to his Maker, the Sabbath will serve the purpose for which it was insti-tuted; yea, and of the new earth (2 Peter 3: 13), God has declared, that " from one new moon Ł to another, and from one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come up to worship before " him. Isa. 66:23. The Sabbath will survive all the attacks of both presuming and wicked men. The for-mer may blasphemously assume that the Sab-bath is dependent upon them, and the latter may endeavor to destroy it, but the event will prove them equally helpless. The Sabbath lives in the hearts and lives of God's people, and in the facts set forth in the fourth com-mandment, namely, that "in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." It is, therefore, equally foolish to talk of preserving or of destroying it. THE POLITICAL "ATHEIST." IT has ever been the custom of persons who have been fighting to maintain the crumbling theories of Church and State, to call their opponents " atheists." It is done to-day (especially by Sunday-law advocates), and it was done by the enemies of American insti- tutions a century ago. Our good Ł old "fathers"ŠWashington and his co-laborersŠhad to receive the appellation over and over again. Madison, in one of his essays, gives an il- lustration of the common anti-constitutional style of argument then, which sounds very like that of the religio-political reformer of to-day:Š " You are destitute, I perceive," says the anti-republican, of every quality of a good citizen, or rather, a good subject. You have neither the light of faith, nor the spirit of obedience. I denounce you to to the government as an accomplice of atheism and anarchy."  And so saying he (the anti-republiCan) let the argument drop, presumably because he thought that calling American principles "atheism and anarchy," was at once both the strongest argument and severest chastisement -that he could give them. NOT A CHRISTIAN NATION. IT would be difficult to use language in a looser way than by calling this " a Christian nation." In all the nation there is not a sin-gle town, nor a village even, in which the people are all Christians. A single family in which all are Christians is seldom found; and individual. Christians are not abundant. We do not say these things to find fault; we are simply stating the facts in the case, as every person knows who looks at things as they are. Let any person anywhere in the land honestly ask himself the question, and honestly answer it, How many of my immediate neighbors and acquaintances actually show in the works of a godly life that they are real, consistent Christians? In the face of facts as they are, the answer only can be, Very few. How many are really separate from the wprld, and con-formed to the will of Christ? The trouble is that they put upon the term "Christian" a construction so loose that there is scarcely- any discernible distinction between many of those who bear it and those who do not, and then spread the term over the whole mass, and thus they have a " Christian " na-tion. But so long as the term " Christian " means what the word of God meansŠso long as it means strict conformity to the precepts of ChristŠjust so long it will be, that this is not, and cannot be, a Christian nation, except by each individual's becoming a Chris-tian by an abiding, working faith in Christ. DAMAGED BOORS. BOOKS. SEND to Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York, for list of excellent books slightly damaged by handling; selling at half price. Ł Ł Ł  PAPBBB 'WANTED. MRS. M. L. THOMPSON,' 1002 13aauregard Street, Marshall, Tex., would like a few late clean Signs and SENTINELS for Missionary work. 