338 AMERICAN SEN TINEL. We are led to make these reflections by such words as the following from the Union Signal:Š "Christian eitizensŁeverywhere should give real hon-ors to Christ, the King, by seeking to make his laws the laws of society. To that end, let individuals and depu-tations from churches and Christian societies, especially preachers' meetings, call on senators and congressmen while they are at home for the holidays, and urge them to aid these reform movements. . . . Let us be will-ing, a few of us, to go to the next street, or the next town, to enlist our congressman actively on the side of sound morals." To make Christ's laws the laws of society, go and petition the legislature to put new enactments on the statute books! Are not our observations pertinent to the idea here expressed? - Go and compelŠif you canŠthe legislature of the state or nation to enact new statutes or strengthen old ones, in the interests of "sound morals." Go as far as you please in getting the legislative bodies to make Christ's laws the laws of society. Then, when you have all the statutes of this kind that could possibly be en-forced, how much of Christ, how much of righteousness, by virtue of such statutes, will society have? Will it have any more, by virtue of those statutes, than it would in the described condition of total depravity? If society observes every law of man, it is, from the standpoint of that law, supreniely good; and yet at the same time, as we have seen, it may be totally bad. Think of it, you who believe in the efficacy of civil enact-ments to make society goodŠyou who believe the civil power can enact and enforce Christ's laws. Consistency with this idea would force you to pronounce society su-premely good when in reality i.t was totally bad. Can you not see that the idea involves something radically wrong? Of course, society could not become totally bad and still refrain from the violation of just civil laws. But this is not because of any power in human enactments. It is only the regard for justice, Łmercy, and truthŠonly the principle of love, which the Creator has im-planted in the human heart, as a part of Himself, and which no legislative enactments could put into any heartŠit is only this power that restrains society and holds it back from the pit of total corruption; and were this restraining power removed, all the statutes in the world would be powerless to prevent a universal carnival of crime and destruction. Society is bad, and it is get-ting worse, not from any fault of the legislatures, but because there is no power in legislative enactments to keep in men's hearts the love of right which alone can keep society good. All talk of legislation to enforce or preserve morality is worse than useless. Legislation cannot concern itself with morality as such, without becoming at once in-volved in hopeless difficulties. Legislation can enforce respect for rights, and it cannot go too far in this direc-tion; but this is its only province. The invasion of  rights necessitates some outward act of injustice, and with such acts, and such only, legislation can effectively deal. Guide legislation by the necessity of preserving rights, and all is clear and consistent; but attempt to make it satisfy-the demands of morality, and at once justice is obscured and consistency is left behind. Why is it that our friends of the W. C. T. II. cannot see the mistake-in calling for legislation to make Christ's laws the laws of society? However, we know many of them do see and are protesting against it, and it is only justice to this body of Christian workers to believe that many more will see and protest against an idea so potent with mischief to the cause they have enlisted to serve. Totally Illegitimate. IN considering the required obligation to observe Sunday, it will be a help to all concerned to note the origin of Sunday observance and the character of the obligation. The only obligations that can properly rest upon men are from two sources and only two. These are de-fined in the words'of Christ: "Render to Cmsar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things which are God's." There is no obligation, therefore, resting upon anybody except such as originates in one or the other of these two sources. There are obligations which are due to Cmsar. Cmsar is the civilpower, and every Chris-tian, as well as every other man, is commanded by the Lord to'be "subject to the powers that be." There are obligations also which are owed to God alone, and in no way connected with any other power or person. Cmsar and God are distinct authorities: obligations to these are distinct. Obligations to God are religious, and only religious; obligations to Cmsar are civil, and only civil. All things, therefore, that are of obligation upon men, spring from one or the other of these two sources; and all things which come properly from either of these two sources, are of obligation upon all; and nothing else can be. For these two being positively-defined by the Lord himself, as the obligations which come upon men, cover all. Now, if the obligation to observe Sunday, came from the Lord, then it must be observed by all who recognize the Lord. But even then, the obligation would be due only to the Lord; and with it the civil power could not in any sense rightly have anything to do. If the obliga-tion to observe Sunday sprung from the civil power, then it would have to be recognized by all, wherever the-civil power so expresses itself. But, if Sunday observ-ance crept in from a source apart from either of these-authorities, then there can be no obligation upon any man to observe it; because its authority is out of bounds. Now, it is not only recognized, but universally  