652 THE SENTINEL OF LI13ERTN will be to put as wide a, separation between church and state as possible, and the church' will have to rely upon its own resources," yet "with all this the outlook for religion is infinitely brighter than it was under the Spanish regime. Less is to feared from open antagonists than from false friends." THE Christian Advocate (New YOrk)' notes that General Wood's report on Cuban affairs contains 'an argument in favor Of the army canteen. IT is stated that Menelek, Emperor of Abyssinia, has issued an order forbidding the importation of intoxicating liquors into his dominons, and forbid-ding also the use of tobacco by his subjects under heavy penalties. He has , also informed foreign Power's that he expects the support of 'friendly na-tions in saving his people from the influence of in-toxicants and narcotics. We fear he will be disap-pointed. IN a recent letter from the capital to the Chicago Record of this city, William E. Curtis says: " Washington, is rapidly becoming the center of Catholicism in America. The apostolic legation is located here. In addition to the ancient Jesuit. uni-versity, which was established at Georgetown dur-ing colonial days, we have now what is known as..  the Catholic University of Washington, a more ex-tensive and wealthy' institution, whose faculty rep-resents the liberal element in the church. A year ago an ,enormous monastery, of the Order of St, Francis was occupied by several hundred monks, and is now the headquarters of the greatest foreign mis-sionary agency of the Catholic Church, the Francis-Can Brotherhood. Alltheir miSsionary work for the continents Of A,rnerica, Asia, and Africa is directed from here. The Monastery, one of the 'most impo-_sing ecclesiastical edifices in this nation, "and which cost over $1oo,000, is situated a mile or two beyond the Catholic University, near the Soldiers' Home. There is a good deal of mystery about the institution which gives it additional interest. The monks are seldom seen, exeept when they come or go through the little village of Brookland, which,  is their rail-Way station:" Of a magnificent new convent just dedicated in Washington,, Mr. Curtis -says: "It was built by Mrs. Thomas -F. Ryan, wife of a New', York con-tractor and, an associate of Whitney, Elkins, and Widener  in the control of the street railways of New  York. This is an entirely new institution, and has been established for headquarters of the mothers superior of the Order of Perpetual Adoration, which heretofore have been in Brussels, but have been in-duced to come to this country by the 'prospect of extending their usefulness. The order is cloistered and contemplative; the sisters wear white robes-and clOaks of velvet. They are mostly women of wealth and aristocratic connections, and in Eiirope their convents are the retreats for rich society women who wish to seek temporary seclusion from the world. A novitiate is to be opened in this city, and several daughters of rich families, religiously inclined, have already applied for admission. Thus far Mr's. Ryan has paid all the expenses of erecting the convent and bringing the sisterhood to the United States, and as a reward for her generosity her tomb is to be placed under the altar in the chapel." - Mr. Curtis further says that Cardinal Gibbons will soon "dedicate Trinity College, the first Catho-lic institution to provide a higher education"for women. Its curriculum will include all the classics, the sciences, and the humanities which the Catholic Church has sanctioned for culture or scholarship, and its'standard will be, as high as Bryn Mawr or any other university for Women in the world. " The establishment,  of Trinity College is the direct consequence of the refusal of the' Catholc University to admit women to its lectures; and it re-quired a great deal of persuasion and 'a persistent effort to secure a sanction of the holy father for the new institution. This was secured, how-ever, by Mother Julia, superior of the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur, with the aid' of Cardinal Gibbons,,  Archbishop Ireland and, Archbishop Keane. Hav-ing obtained the permission of Rome, Mother Julia purchased a beautiful trait of twenty-seven acres of land adjoining the campus of the Catholic University 'and near the Soldiers' Home, where a handsome build-ing_hasbeen erected and will be ready for occupation on the 1st of November. Mgr. Martinelli will repre-sent the Pope and Cardinal Gibbons will preside 'at the ceremonies." .4 .4 RECENTLY three hundred,  ministers of the Meth-odist Central Conference, in session at Fostoria, Ohio, adopted, with cheers, according to the Columbian, a,  long report on, the state of the nation, which report exulted in the political ,achievements of the admin-istration and stated in part: "We are' the custodians of the Philippines whether we desire it or not. Not for empire, but for 