132 TT4F AMERICAN ENfrerINEL: Whether the Constitution [of the United States] will be set right upon the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in the Government, with-out a; bloody revolution, or not, depends upon the strength and resistance of the forces of antichrist. He- callS opposition to the religion of force antichrist, when the truth is, that the religion of force is antichrist. He further said, Don't think that we are advocating war, but if we are not successful in the Use of other means, as it was with the anti-slavery question after they had agitated, and petitioned, and used the ballot, they drew the sword; so shall we as a last resort, be compelled to use the sword and the bullet. The plea is that this is a Christian Gov-ernment, but that is not true, for there is but one Christian Government, and that is the government of that kingdom that is not of this world. This is a civil and not a religious Government, a Government of all sorts of peopleŠblack and white, Jew and Christian, believer and unbelieverŠone in which the rights of the Jew are secured as well as the rights of the Chris-tian, the unbeliever as well as the believer, and in which they are each and all mem-bers of the same civil body, and equals before the law. It is one of the chief glories of our Gov-ernment that it is one in which religion is free; and it becomes every citizen of the country, whether religious or irreligious, to see that it is kept free, and that there shall be under no form, even the semblance of a union of Church and State. It -will not do to give undue influence and power to any religious denomination, whether Protestant or Catholic. " It is good," said the eminent historian J. L. Motley, in his Dutch Republic, " that the world should not forget, how much wrong has been endured in the sacred name of God. It is good that these crimes should be remembered and freshly pondered." The Roman Catholics, when they con-trolled the religion of the world, let no mode escape them, in which human beings have ever caused their fellow creatures to suffer. Men, women, and children, old and young, nobles and paupers, opulent burghers, hospital patients, lunatics, dead bodies;  all were indiscriminately made to furnish food for the scaffold and the stake. A poor Anabaptist guilty. of no crime but his fellowship with a persecuted sect, had been condemned to death. He had made his escape, closely pursued by an officer across a frozen lake. It was late in the winter, and the ice had become un-sound;Ł it trembled and creaked beneath his foot-steps but he reached the shore in safety. The officer Was not so fortunate, the ice gave way beneath him, and he sank into the lake -uttering a cry for succor— There was none to hear except the fugitive he had been hunting. Dirk Williamzon, Ł for sothe Anabaptist was called, instantly obeying the dictates of a generous nature, returned, crossed the dangerous and quak-ing ice, at the peril of his life, extended iris hand to his enemy and saved him from  certain death. Unfortunately for human nature, it can not be added that the generosity of the action was met by a corresponding heroism. The officer was desirous, it is true, of avoiding the respon-sibility of sacrificing the preserver of his life, but the burgomaster sternly reminded him to remember his oath. He accord-ingly arrested the fugitive who, on the 16th of May following, was burned to death under the most lingering tortures.ŠSee Motley's Dutch Republic. Motley was not a religious historian, and may therefore be credited as free from religious bias. These results follow in the wake of religion that is forced upon men. It grows up slowly and insidiously at first, but eventually gets control of men and governments; and then in the name of Christ, persecutes, oppresses, and murders all who do not bow the knee to it.ŠR. in Gospel Messenger, Primitive Baptist. Establishment of Religious Liberty in Virginia. THE cause for the celebrated memorial of James Madison, which appeared in a late SENTINEL, was the introduction in the Virginia Legislature of a bill making a 'provision for the "teachers of the Chris- tian religion." In a letter to Thomas Jefferson, dated at Richmond, January 9, 1785, Madison gave the following account of the bill :Š A resolution for a legal provision for the "teach-ers of the Christian religion " had early in the ses-sion been proposed by Mr. Henry, and, in spite of all the opposition that could be mustered, carried by forty-seven against thirty-two votes. Many pe-titioners from below the Blue Ridge had prayed for such a law ; and though several from the Presbyte-rian laity beyond it were in a contrary style, the clergy of that sect favored it. The other sects seemed to be passive. The resolution lay some weeks before a bill was brought in, and the bill some weeks before it was -called for; after the passage of the incorporating act [incorporating the Protestant Episcopal Church], it was taken up, and, on the third reading, ordered by a small majority to be printed for consideration. The bill, in its present dress, proposes a tax of blank per cent on all taxable property, for support of teachers of the Christian religion. Each person when he pays his tax, is to name the society to which he dedicates it, and in case of refusal to do so, the tax is to be ap-plied to the maintenance of a school in the county. As the bill stood for some time, the application in such cases was to be made by the Legislature to pious uses. In a committee of the whole it, was determined, by a majority of seven or eight, that the word " Christian " should be exchanged for the word "religious." On the report to the House, the pathetic zeal of the late Governor Harrison gained a like majority for re-instating discrimination. Should the, bill pass into a law in its present form, it may and will be easily eluded. It is chiefly ob-noxious on account of its dishonorable principle and dangerous tendency.ŠWritings of James Mad-ison, volume 1, pages 130, 131. One of the noblest characteristics of our early statesmen and patriots, as Madison said, was their jealous regard for our liberty. The least step toward infringe= ment aroused the protests of Americans everywhere; and as a result of this spirit  Henry's bill providing for the teachers of the Christian religion raised opposition in every part of the State, and such a pro-test went up from the patriots of Virginia that Henry's bill went down forever, and in its stead Jefferson's 'act for establish-ing religious freedom was.  passed, and still remains on the statute books of Vir-ginia an everlasting monument to the lib-erality of Jefferson, Madison, and their co-workers. Jefferson's bill, in which he ever took a just pride, and which will always remain among the first of our early State papers, is as follows:Š AN ACT FOR ESTABLISHING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. Well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free; that all attempts to influence it by tem-poral punishments or burdens, or by civil incapaci-tations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do; that the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them on others, hath established and main-tained false religions over the greatest part of the world, and through all time ; that to compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propaga-tion of opinions which he disbelieves, is sinful and tyrannical; that even the forcing him to support this or that teacher of his own religious persuasion, is depriving him of the comfortable liberty of giving his contributions to the particular pastor whose mor-als he would make his pattern, and whose powers he feels most persuasive to righteousness, and is withdrawing from the ministry those temporal re-wards, which proceeding from an approbation of their personal conduct, are an additional incitement to earnest and unremitting labors for the instruction of mankind; that our civil rights have no depend-ence on our religious opinions, more than our opin-ions in physics or geometry; that, therefore, the proscribing any citizen as unworthy the public con-fidence by laying upon him an incapacity of being called to the offices of trust and emolument, unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages to which in common with his fellow-citizens he has a natural right; that it tends also to corrupt the principles of that very religion it is meant to encourage, by bribing, with a monopoly of worldly honors and emoluments, those who will externally profess and conform to it; that though, indeed, these are criminal who do not withstand such temptation, yet neither are those innocent who lay the bait in their way ; that to suffer the civil magistrate to intrude his powers into the field of opinion and to restrain the profession or propaga-tion of principles, on the supposition of their ill tendency, is a dangerous fallacy, which at once destroys all religious liberty, because he being of course judge of that tendency will make his opin-ions the rule of judgment, and approve or condemn the sentiments of others only as they shall square with or differ from his own; that it is time enough for the rightful purposes of civil government, for its officers to interfere when principles break out into overt actions against peace and good order; and, finally, that truth is great, and will prevail if left to herself, that she is tbe proper and sufficient antagonist to error, and has nothing to fear from the conflict, unless by human interposition disarmed of her natural weapons, free argument and debate, errors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted-freely to contradict them. Be it therefore enacted by the General Assembly, That no man shall be compelled to frequent or sup. 