, / g-- vtv Chatham Jail, in Which William Simpson is Confined. MAY 21, 1896. A.IVICEIRSCAN.  SENTPIN11_41 163 Sabbath; and this imposes an obligation upon all men which the civil " law " can neither strengthen nor counteract. Let the churches and religious societies agi-tate as much as they will by precept and moral suasion, for such reforms as they may think the condition of society demands; ,no one can properly object to that. But it is proper to draw the line at those " reforms " which can-not be based upon the divine text-book of morality, and can only be realized through the operation of a force which has' no power either to convict the soul or to purify the life. WHERE GOD IS. IT is a tendency of human nature to put faith in visible signs and symbols. The presence of the sign is taken as evidence of the presence of the thing symbolized. This is conspicuously true in religion, where superstition so of ten plays a prominent part, and where in real spiritual understanding so many have not grown beyond the stature of babes. A name, a picture, a statue, a cross, or other religious symbol, is made the evidence of the reality of that for which it stands in the spiritual realm. By a mere profession of Christianity, or by the practice of outward ceremonies and forms, men are easily deluded into the belief that they possess genuine piety. It is this sort of "faith" precisely that leads some men in our country to-day to view the National Constitution as a godless document, because it does not contain the name of God or make a formal recognition of his authority. The great trouble with men in this world is their failure to recognize God in the mul-titude of places and events where his presence and power are manifested. God is invisible; and being not seen, his presence and working must be recognized by faith; for " faith "Šnot some external sign or tokenŠis " the evi-dence of things not seen." Heb. 11:1. It is God's right to be recognized by his crea-tures everywhere and in all things, and it is the work of Christianity to point men to him as the Creator and Upholder of all things, and to his goodness and mercy and love in all the the circumstances that surround them. "An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign," said Christ. They were evil and adul-terous because they had not faith, and they sought after a sign for the same reason. God is in nature: in its bright hues, and graceful forms, which delight the eye, or its stupendous and stern aspects, which fill the heart with awe and a sense of human littleness. God is in the hearts of men, even though they may not recognize his presence or acknowledge any of his claims. If they have a love of justice, if they pity the unfortunate, if they have a desire to do good to their fellow-beings, if they have any love of humanity around them, they manifest that God is in them; for " God is love," and there is no source of love and of good but him. God is in every deed that is done for the uplifting of humanity; he is in every word that breathes justice and mercy and liberty to the afflicted and the op-pressed. He is in all that recognizes men as possessing equal rights and entitled naturally to the uninterrupted enjoyment of " life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness;" and he is therefore already in the Constitution of the United States. Would it not be better to teach men that God is everywhere in all his works, and that we are to recognize him in every privilege and blessing that we enjoy, beholding him by faith, than to lead men to put confidence in  mere names, and signs and outward profes-sions, by which true faith is virtually denied, and by which numberless souls have been de-luded to their ruin ? Ł -ŁŁŁ FROM AN IMPRISONED SEVENTH-DAY AD-VENTIST MINISTER. Chatham Jail, Chatham, Ont., May 12, 1896. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I received your letter just upon being locked tip in my cell for the night, and to me it was a welcome visitor. I have been in jail now over a week, and as I recall the many bright experiences of my life, none seem so precious to me as the week just past. I don't feel as though I were de-prived of my liberty, because Christ has made me free from that worst of all bondages, sin. Oh, how glad I am for this assurance! Men may condemn me and keep me locked in a prison cell, but the thought that Jesus does not condemn me fills my heart with joy and gladness. I love and prize the favor of God more than the favor of man. The Lord says, " l'effr )e not the reproach of man, neither be ye afraid of their revilings." With these words of encouragement I can say as did the prophet of old, " God is my salvation, I will trust and not be afraid, for the Lord Jehovah is my strength and my song, he also is become my salvation." They give me to eat a piece of bakers' bread and a basin full of skilly (a sort of old-fash-ioned oatmeal gruel), generally three times a day. Occasionally they give me a little prison soup for dinner. This is served through a hole in the door just large enough for its ad-mittance. I have not been able, as yet, to bear the smell of the skilly, much less eat it, so pass it back. The jailer says there is no use of his making skilly for me if I do not eat it; so for the last four or five days he has given me bread. He says that I will call for skilly yet, but I don't think so. I thank God for the bread, and before eating it I ask him to bless it to my use and nourishment. I am sure that he hears my prayer, for never before did food taste so good to me; and while the other prisoners, who have not been confined as long as I, complain of being weak and hungry, I never felt stronger and more satis-fied than now. For thirteen hours out of every twenty-four I am shut up in a small cell just large enough to contain an iron cot. I am glad that they cannot make a cell small enough to shut out the presence of the Saviour, nor keep a man shut up so long that the Lord will grow weary. As long as I have the assurance that Jesus is with me I cannot be made miserable, but can say with Paul that in whatsoever state I am I will be content. I can see now, why Paul and Silas, even under the most painful suffering, and lying in prison, could sing praises to God; for when God blesses a man, the sufferings inflicted by man are forgotten. I know this by experi-ence. The presence of the Saviour scatters the darkness and gloominess and makes the prison seem like a palace. It makes the bed of iron soft, and my sleep is sweet, and as I arise every morning and dress in the striped garb of the criminal, I am more determined than ever to serve Him even unto death. It may seem strange to some of the readers of the SENTINEL why I should suffer these things rather than keep Sunday. I shall be glad for the privilege of informing any sincere inquirer after Bible truth why I hold to the views that I do. Man has taken away my privilege to preach vocally, but I am thankful that I have still access to pen and ink. Should any desire to inquire further into the reasons of the hope that is within me, I will esteem it a privi-lege to correspond with them. WM. SIMPSON. DANGER IN SUCH APPEALS. [The Christian Register.] THE Congregational-ist, not without good reason, has apprehen-sions as to the wisdom of settling church quar-rels by special legisla-tive acts. It refers es-pecially to a quarrel in the First Church of Lowell, Mass., which has been before the public for some time. The Lowell church, like most of the Con-gregational churches of New England, is formed of a church and a society. The so-ciety holds the property, and makes contracts with the pastor. The church is a religious organization, existing in association with the society. Membership in the society, accord-ing to the laws of the Commonwealth, may be determined by such by-laws as the society may adopt. In the Lowell case there has been a conflict between the church organiza-tion and the society. The resignation of the pastor was first ac-cepted by the society and then by the church. Afterward, however, the church rescinded its action. As the church was unable to secure a sufficient representation in the society to change the result of the society's vote, the quarrel was carried into the legislature, when a law was passed giving members of the Lowell church the right to membership in the society without the formality of a vote by that organ-ization. Without attempting to pass at all upon the merits of the difficulty between the church and the society, we believe that it is a danger-ous precedent to carry church quarrels into 