"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 22, 1900. NUMBER 8 Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. gar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not azdered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fanit. (wintered at the New York Postoffice.) IN religion, the voice of authority is not that of the people, but the voice of God alone. LEGISLATURES and courts exist to protect rights, not to manufacture or annul them. at os IF the national Government or a State government can profess religion, it can with equal propriety join a church. Ot "Civic righteousness "Šrighteousness by lawŠis the righteousness that was boasted by the Scribes and Pharisees. It is a counterfeit. A A THE right of every man to rest from work on Sun-day, implies also his right to labor on that day; for if labor isnot a right on Sunday, it is not a right on any day. A A THE gospel of Christ is not a command, but an Invitation; and if changed to a command by the coer-cion of the civil power, it ceases to be the gospel at all. Add this is why the state cannot be regilious without working against Christianity. A A No PERSON'S conscience is to be interfered with by law, unless it has become so perverted as to lead him to  do violence to the rights of others. And in such a case the civil authority acts not for the purpose of chastis-ing or correcting the conscience, but only to protect the rights that are suffering invasion. A A IF the millions of people who labor on the seventh day do not thereby harm the few thousands who observe that day, how does it appear that these few thousands will harm the millions by doing work on Sunday? THE Sabbath belongs to God, for he calls it "the Sabbath of the Lord," "My holy day," etc. And since we are to render to God that which is his, and to Caesar only that which is Cmsar's, it is plain that Cmsar has no business to command us to keep the Sabbath. A Methodist Bishop Calls for a National Sabbath Law. THE Religious Telescope (Methodist) of Dayton, Ohio, published in a January issue an article by Bishop J. S. Mills, D. D., calling for "A National Sabbath-ob-servance Law," in which the bishop says that such a law "is the only satisfactory prevention of Sabbath desecration known to me." He inquires what hinders such legislation, and proceeds to enumerate several hindrances. "1. The indifference of the massesŠChristians as well as othersŠon this subject. "2. The open opposition of those persons (chiefly foreigners) who have a standing objection to Christian-ity and to all its institutions. "3. The national greed for money is chiefly respon-sible for the Sabbath-breaking of the 3,000,000 of work-men who toil on Sunday as well as the other six days of the week. These toilers would be glad for the privilege of the day of rest, but corporation greed forbids it. 