.AMEIRICA.N Rt..< NIPENRE.... VOL. 8. No. 0. I refer especially to Sunday trains on railways, Sunday steamboats on the river, and excursions to tea gardens and places of public amusement, and especially I refer to the daring efforts which many are often making in the present day to throw open such places as the British Museum, the National Gallery, and the Crystal Palace on Sundays. ŠPage 36. But that which tries the bishop most is the fact that many of his own clergy are taking and advocating these most shame-ful liberties with the old English Sunday. And worse yet they speak most disre-spectfully about its authenticity. To use the bishop's own words : " They proclaim to the world that the observance of the Lord's day rests upon nothing but Church authority, and can not be proved by the word of God.'.' Now, this is surely very unkind. It is all very well for the clergy themselves to know that Sunday has no Bible support, bnt for them to tell the "common people" about it is certainly too bad. The bishop then gives vent to his harrowed feelings:Š That laymen of high position and education, noblemen, philosophers and scientific lecturers, should assist the attempt to break down the old 'English Sunday, is a matter for deep regret. I can only suppose they do it in ignorance. . . . I pity and pray for them. " They know not what they do." But how any clergyman holding office in the Church of England, and reading the fourth commandment every Sunday to his congregation, can lend his aid to movements which must infal-libly prevent the Sabbath being kept holy, if they succeed, is one of the mysteries of the nineteenth century which passes my understanding. I am amazed, pained, troubled, grieved, and astounded. The idea that Sunday has no foundation in the Bible is demolished with one blow. This is how the worthy bishop does it:Š Undoubtedly the day was changed. It was made the first day of the week in memory of our Lord's resurrection, instead of the seventh. But I believe the apostles were divinely inspired to make that change and at the same time wisely directed to make no public decree about it. Page 15. That is all, and is it not' sufficient ? Why not ? Is not the word of a bishop enough? But, unfortunately for clerical-ism, the people now need something more than an "I believe" of a clergyman, and bishops are losing their power. This Bishop Ryle deplores and attributes it to " the morbid love of liberty and letting every one do as he likes." Page 57. Liberty, however, is the gift of God to every man. FRANCIS HOPE. Belfast, Ireland. Why Not? THE Dallas News of the 21st of March last, gives an account of a spicy discus-sion in the Lower House of the Texas legislature, touching a vital point as fol-lows:Š At the conclusion of the prayer, Mr. McLemore offered the following:Š WHEREAS, the prayer which appears in the house journal this morning is an unjust and unwarrantable reflection on cer-tain members, therefore be it Resolved, that the portion of the prayer which reads, "O, God, open the eyes of those who have allowed the love of money to be balanced against virtue that they may see that purity is above rubies and that is their hands is placed the power to save those against whom the false standard of so-ciety has closed the churches and all avenues of reformation,",  be expunged from the journals of this house. Mr. Sebastian moved to table the resolution. The house refused to table by a vote of 39 to 63. Mr. Dills offered a substitute that the entire prayer be expunged from the journals, and here-after the prayers of the chaplain be not printed in the journals. At the end of an hour and ten minutes this mat-ter was disposed of. Mr. Rowell spoke indignantly against being ac-cused of placing money above virtue. It referred to the vote of members against the bill making an appropriation to establish the home for fallen women, and insisted it was out of place for the chaplain to criticise members and their motives in his prayers. Mr. Davis questioned the right of au opponent  of the fallen women's bill to conclude that the prayer was directed specially in his behalf. It might be construed from his reading of it to mean that advocates of the bill were aimed at. The gentleman, anyway, has no right to object to being the special object of prayer. " Almost every member needs to be made the object of special prayer. The real question at issue is whether this body shall instruct the chaplain how he shall invoke the throne of grace. Now, I ask what individual member can feel that he is personated by the chaplain, unless he appreciates that he loves money more than virtue ?" Mr. Fagan, of Lamar, contended that the print-ing of the prayers in the journals is an innovation. It had no precedent in this country. He was opposed to all tendencies toward uniting Church and State and to the jumble of prayers and records, mixing up house action with chaplain criticisms on such action. No one can say it is not a direct thrust at members who opposed the appropriation for the fallen women's home. I am opposed to such attempts of the chaplain to dictate to this house. It seems to me the prayer is capable of no other construction than that these poor, heathen members of the house opposed to the fallen women measure place money above virtue. That is an insult to members. This prayer ought to be stricken out and in future should not be printed in the journals. Mr. Turner.ŠDr. Pennington is here in the house, and since he is attacked it is nothing more than right and just, if he wishes, and he does wish it, that he be given an opportunity to express him-self. He is debarred any explanation unless the house grants him the privilege, and I move he be granted the privilege. Mr. Fields. ŠThe whole affair is unprecedented and I object to it. The Speaker. ŠI have informed the chaplain, when he asked me for permission to explain, that I could recognize no ono but a member, but it is competent for the house to grant him the privilege. Mr. Peck.ŠThe chaplain ought to have the right to explain. When the gentlemen who voted against the fallen women's bill hear the chaplain explain they will be perfectly satisfied. The ten-dency of such resolutions is to muzzle the chaplain. He has made no personal allusion to the motives of any member. He may have used words as members do that he would not use on reflection and there should be forbearance for him as well as for members. Mr. Graham.ŠWhy may he not put his explana-tion upon the journals ? The motion to give the chaplain his turn was adopted. Chaplain Pennington.ŠI have no explanation to make. I simply wish to say that I had no individ-ual member in my mind and meant to cast no reflection, but that I had in my mind the great im-portance of virtue and the salvation of Souls in comparison with the love of money. You will remember in the debate on the bill it was said that the reclamation was the work of the Christian people and preachers and I wished only to say that the false standards of society prevented the preacher from engaging in the work. You know I could not go into those dens under the ideas which govern and control society. On mature reflection I might change my language somewhat. I meant simply that consideration of the cost of the good work might deprive a great many of being reclaimed. I meant to reflect on no mem- ber. They all patriotic, honest and honorable gentlemen, but if I have not the right to pray that members' eyes be opened, then I must have my prayers dictated. I thank you for your attention. [Applause]. Mr. Alston.ŠWhen a chaplain comes here and offers up prayer proposing merely to please the members of this body, we should have no chap- lain. Without prayer and much prayer you are gone and gone forever. There is nothing that transpires here that does not need prayer and more prayer. To-day there are members criticizing the prayer who are steeped in vice and folly and need prayer. There are members who oppose the prayers of the chaplain who would not dare to let in the sunshine upon their daily transgressions. The Speaker.ŠThe gentleman must avoid per-sonal reflections. Mr. Alston.ŠI am not personating any member. Mr. Dill disclaimed any desire to reflect upon the chaplain in this matter or any other. He in- dorsed him as a godly man, and earnest Christian gentleman, but objected to printing prayers in the journals. The previous question closed the debate and the resolution and substitute were both rejected. The chaplain's statement that if he have not the right to pray that members' eyes be opened then his prayers must be dictated, forces from one who has ever given such matters sufficient thought, the  very pertinent inquiry, Why not ? As he is paid by the State to pray for its law-makers, why has not the State the right to dictate, through its representatives asembled, for whom the prayers are to be offeredŠas to how the chaplain shall pray ? True, it divests the petitions of the real essence of prayer, extracting from them every element of virtue, and reduces them to empty utterances of a State-paid functionary, whose hollow deliv-erances of man-pleasing eulogies are of-fered for a stipulated sum and called prayer. But what matters that ? It is the State's prayers. It has paid for them, and certainly the man who accepts the job of offering them for what the State proposes to give, is not the one to object to whatever the State might require him to pray, so long as he holds on to the job and receives the pay. And this illus-trates, not only the injustice of imposing a tax on people to pay for such prayers when they do not believe in them, but also shows the mock that is made of such sacred things. It is a parody upon reli-gion. Chaplain Pennington is simply an employd of the State, as are all State chaplains, It is a principle well under-stood everywhere that the employd is subject to the dictation of the employer as to his work, and it would be an im-peachment of Dr. Pennington's common sense and intelligence to say that he does not understand this as well as anybody. Then, in accepting of this employment and receiving the pay for it, he but ac-cepted of the dictation on the part of hi:: employer with it. Why, then, should not the State dictate his prayers ? Again we ask, why not ? " When a chaplain comes here and offers up prayer, proposing merely to please the members of this body, we should have no chaplain," says Mr. Als-ton, in defense of the chaplain. Mr. Alston has exactly the correct idea of the work of a minister in this respect as regards a minister of Christ and his gos-pel, but not when he is a minister of the State. When he is simply and only a minister of Christ, a freeman indeed, hampered by no State salary and State supervision, he can, and must, if he does his duty, pray without reference to pleas- ing or displeasing anybody save his Master whom he is serving. But when he is a minister of the StateŠhired by it and a beneficiary of itŠwhy, then, what else is to be expected than that he should pray to suit its representatives ? And if he does not, why should they not demand it ? Again the ever present and some-times troublesome interrogatory presents itselfŠWhy not We have no inclination to undertake the unquestionably difficult task of prov- ing that the moral status of some of Mr. Alston's colleagues is not as he represents it, and that therefore his remark to them, " Without prayer and much prayer, you are gone and gone forever," may be strictly true and not bad advice to them, but the question is then, are they and he going to depend on praying by proxy, and it State paid at that,with which there is a remote possibility that the five dollars per prayer has something to do ? Yet that is just what this chaplain system encourages in people. Mr. Fagan sees, in such things as the printing of the chaplain's prayers in the journals, " tendencies toward uniting Church and State " to which he is opposed. It were immeasurably better 