THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 211 dictates or observances, of any of the others.' And as this is true as between Protestants and Catholics, and between Catholics and Jews, and between Protest-ants and Jews, it is equally true as between one class of Protestants and an-other; and therefore the Sunday-keeping people of Tennessee or of any other State, cannot place under ban, or subject to their religious dictates, under penalties of law, a people who choose to observe another day than Sunday. Again we say, this is a question of the deepest interest and of the greatest im-portance to every citizen of the United States., We are glad that, the question is to he brought to the test; we hope the BO/glow ,Liberty Association will do in-deed what the Nashville, dispatch says that it has proposed to do, and we wish the Assodiation complete success in its noble undertaking. The Constitution, the logic, the justice, and the probabilities are all on the side of the Association. Whether the law will be put there also, remains to be seen; for that depends upon how the United States Supreme Court shall decide. A. T. J. ŁŁ  St. James and the Vatican. THE following ,we clip from the San Francisco :=Examiner, of May 30 :Š London, May 30.ŠThe appointment of Judge AmIriano Dingle, Chief Justice ofMalta, as English Ambassador to the, Vatican, is the outcome of the mission of Sir Mintern Simmons to the Vatican, and has reference alone to Malta. There is nothing in the appointment which need alarm those earnest Englishmen who are inclined to take _fire at the opening of diplomatic relations with the Papacy. It is forgotten by many well-ineaning people that the British flag floats over a very con-siderable Roman Catholic population in various partS of the world, and that the crown has taken Control over territory in which, by solemn treaty, all 'the:ieligious rights of Catholics are guaranteed. Such is the position in. Lower Canada, in a sec-. tion of India, in the WeSt Indies and in Malta, and if ever it seems to call for modifibation, the British .Government' of the day must trample arbitrarily upon all its pledges or open negotiations with the papal authorities. Ł The canon law is the civil law of Malta. Her Majesty's government desired a certain concession regarding the validation of, managers, the use of English by the clergy, and the appointment of bish-ops, and all., that is required has practically been obtained. We wish to call attention to the follow-ing:Points 1. Such negotiations between England and the Papacy would once Ł have been .considered. by Englishmen.-  as little less than treason. 2. It would be so considered now were not the Papacy a power, WhiCh England dares not ignore. The fact that England has: taken such a step shows the increased povier and influence of the Papacy in Eu-ropean affairs. 3. The: fact of the negotiations proves that the Roman Catholic Church is not only an ecclesiastical power, but a polit-ical,  power. 4. The second paragraph quoted is the thinnest sort of fallacy.' Because England rules over Roman Catholic subjects, does it follow that she must negotiate with the Vatican and send an ambassador to St. Peter's ? Does she rule over her people as members of different sects, or as British subjects ? If the fact that there are many Roman Catholics in the dominion of Great Britain is reason why the British Government should send an ambassador to the head of that church, ought not.that Government, to be consistent, to open negotiations with other religious denomi-nations ? There are many Wesleyans, and Presbyterians, and Congregationalists, in the British dominions. Why is not an ambassador sent to their General Confer-ences ? The Salvation Army has many thousands o,of British subjects. Why should not an ambassador be kept at the royal palace of General Booth ? 5. The action ought to alarm every true Englishman. The conclusion is unavoid-able; an English ambassador at the Vat-ican is a recognition of the temporal sov-ereignty of the Pope. A proposition to open negotiations from the head of any other sect would be treated with ridicule or silent contempt .by the Court at St. James. But the Roman Catholic is no more entitled to it than is the smallest sect in the dominions of Her Britannic Majesty. As was remarked by a leading London journal a few years ago, Rome is a power which must be taken into account in solving the great questions of the day. Both England and Germany are finding it to be the case more and more. The out-come of Pt all is revealed in the prophetic word.ŠSigns of the Times. Religious Observance. ON Monday night, June 16, the Rev. W. F. Crafts gave a lengthy lecture in Boul-der, Colorado, on " The Civil American Sabbath." He exhibited a chart and ex-plained the physical detriment of continued labor, and enthusiastically spoke of the need and benefits of laws to better enforce the observance of this civil Sabbath. The religious Sabbath would not down, but kept continually coming to the front, all through the lecture. In the beginning of his speech he made the statement that all the States, excepting California, had Sunday laws, and in no State did these laws compel any religious observance. At the close of his lecture, one in the au-dience arose and asked,. if a man observed the seventh day as .a rest day, thus meet-ing all his physical necessities, and then on Sunday pursued his labor of such a nature and in such a place as to disturb no one, on what ground did Sunday laws fine him seventy-five dollars for so labor-ing ? The speaker replied that he did not countenance the few cases of that kind which had occurred, but all Sunday laws should exempt those who kept the, seventh  day. It will be seen at once that this was an evasion of the point in question. What the law should do, and what it did do are very different things. The man was punished, not for disturbing his neigh-bors, for he did not disturb them; not for injuring himself by continuous toil, for he had rested the day before; it is therefore easy to see that the punishment inflicted by these laws was to compel 4  ho religious observance of Sunday. All Sun-day legislation is religious legislation; and it is plain to be seen that any and every Sunday law, in any and every State, is for the sole purpose of enforcing the re-ligious observance of that day. E. R. JONES. Ł -I The Bible and Public Schools. WE have read, with hearty approval; the opinions recently delivered in the Su-preme Court of Wisconsin, in regard to the question of the Bible in the public schools of that State, the full text of which has been published in the Albany Law Journal. This reading only con-firms our opinion of this decision as here-tofore expressed. Mr. Justice Lyon delivered the opinion of the Court; and Messrs. Justices Casso-day and Orton delivered concurring opin-ions. The case before the Court was that of a petition for a mandamus, command-ing the School Board in the city of Edgerton to cause the teachers in one of the public schools of that city to discon-tinue the practice of reading, during school hours, portions of the King James version of the Bible. The petitioners for the mandamus were residents and tax-payers in Edgerton, and presumptively Catholics in their religious faith, although this fact is not stated in these deliverances. They complained of the practice above referred to. This petition brought squarely before the Court the question whether such a practice is consistent with the Constitu-tion of the State of Wisconsin; and this question the Court unanimously answered in the negative. And, that our readers may the better understand the case, we submit in the following order the several points decided: 1. The first point is the construction of Article X, Section 3, of the Constitution of the State, which declares that " the Legislature shall provide by law for the establishment of district schools, which shall be as nearly uniform as practicable, and such schools shall be free and without charge for tuition to all children between the ages of four, and twenty years, and no sectarian instruction shall be allowed therein." The Court held that the read-ing of the King James version of the Bi-ble in public schools of the State during school hours, is " sectarian instruction " within the meaning of this constitutional prohibition, and hence inconsistent there- 