AMERICAN SENTINEL. 629 State and Church at the Capitol. WHAT possible necessity or propriety there could be in grouping Cardinal Gibbons with the President and Admiral Dewey at the public reception to the latter in Washington, we have not seen stated; but it is stated that this is what was done on that occasion. "The grouping of President McKinley, Admiral Dewey, and Cardinal Gibbons, the three highest dignitaries of the State, the Catholic Church, and the navy of the United States, on the stand at the Capitol to-day, made a his-torical, picturesque, and significant scene," is the state-ment given in a dispatch dated at Washington, the 3rd inst. It is made to appear in the dispatch that the cardi-nal came to the scene reluctantly; that in fact he had "twice declined to accept the invitation, pleading a pressure of business." But Catholic dignitaries are not in the habit of declining an honor offered to the Catho-lic Church; and in view of this fact the cardinal's alleged reluctance to appear at the reception becomes at least a matter of doubt. For it was distinctly an honor to the Catholic Church that was tendered by the Government on this occasion. To group together church and state, at a ceremony presided over by the state, is itself an honor to that church which distinctively stands for the principle of church and state union; and especially is this so when the Catholic Church alone is thus represented. The Catholic Church is losing no opportunity to push forward the claim, insidiously yet effectively, that she is the church of the nation; and this is precisely the meaning that by inference is conveyed by such a group-ing of the "three highest dignitaries" as was made on the occasion in question. Back in 1892, the national Supreme Court declared that "this is a Christian nation," as a conclusion ar-rived at after considering the force of certain papal documents, customs and laws, and historical acts made under Catholic auspices. The Catholic Church approved this as good Catholic doctrine, and added that this is a "Catholic Christian" nation. That was one big step in the direction of recognition as the national church. Later, this church secured the privilege of erecting a chapel on the military reservation at West Point. Still later, in the war with Spain, she was taken practically into partnership with the Government in the work 9f managing affairs in the newly-acquired possessions; and now she appears, in the person of Cardinal Gibbons, as of right entitled to stand by the side of the state at a state celebration, as the leading representative of religion. It is stated in this Washington dispatch that "The cardinal's acceptance of the invitation to take part in the ceremony is being used here to-night as a great po-litical card by the wire-pullers for the President. . . . The Administration politicians are claiming that not  only by his presence, but in his remarks to Admiral Dewey and in the benediction, Cardinal Gibbons in-dorsed President McKinley's whole course in the war with Spain." Whether this "great political card" was traded off by the cardinal in exchange for the prestige that would be given his church by grouping him, as the representa-tive of religion, with the President and the admiral, in "a historical, picturesque, and significant scene," we can not say; but certain it is that this trading of influ-ence and power is a cardinal feature of papal policy in advancing the interests of the church; and certain also it is that the interests of that church were materially advanced by the honor accorded the cardinal on this historic occasion. The papacy can be absolutely relied on never to forget a precedent in its favor. Is War Consistent With Christianity?ŠNo. 2. By Jonathan Dymond. OF the injunctions that are contrasted with "eye for eye, and tooth for tooth," the entire scope and purpose is the suppression of the violent passions, and the incul-cation of forbearance, and forgiveness, and benevolence, and love. They forbid not specifically the act, but the spirit of war; and this method of prohibition Christ or-dinarily employed. He did not often condemn the indi-vidual doctrines or customs of the age, however false or however vicious; but he condemned the passions by which only vice could exist, and inculcated the truth which dismissed every error. And this method was un-doubtedly wise. In the gradual alterations of human wickedness, many new species of profligacy might arise which the world had not yet practised. In the gradual vicissi-tudes of human error, many new fallacies might obtain which the world hath not yet held; and how were these errors and these crimes to be opposed but by the in-culcation of principles that were applicable to every crime and to every error?Šprinciples which tell us not always what is wrong, but which tell us what always is right. There are two modes of censure or condemnation; the one is to reprobate evil, and the other to enforce the opposite good; and both these modes were adopted by Christ in relation to war. He not only censured the passions that are necessary to war, but inculcated the affections which are most opposed to them. The con-duct and dispositions upon which he pronounced his solemn benediction, are exceedingly remarkable. They are these, and in this order: poverty of spiritŠmourn-ingŠmeeknessŠdesire of righteousnessŠmercyŠpurity of heartŠpeace-makingŠsufferance of persecution. Now let the reader try whether he can propose eight other qualities, to be retained as the general habit of the mind, which shall be more incongruous with war. 