NOVEMBER 15, 1894. AlV 14,11C .,&.N  359  notice to lead his forces against the enem-ies of righteousness. His pulpit is being turned, occasionally into a battery, from which he pours shot and shell into the ranks of the foe. " Ministers are no longer good little kit-tens, with eyes unopened, mewing about apostolic succession and other trivialities; they are developing into formidable Park-hurstian cats, with backs high up in air, spitting vigorously at the political dogs that surround them and keeping them at bay 'with claws that cut. As a profession we have worn blinders long enough which allow us to look straight ahead, yea, even into eternity, but prevent our noticing what transpires about us. The modern dominie can make the saints com-fortable as heretofore, but anon he can make the sinners squirm. He is prophet as well as preacher, and when he has something to say the newspapers put wings upon his messages and set them flying all over the land. God bless the press of America in their generous en-deavors to help us in reforming our city governments."ŠNew York Sun, Nov. 5, 1894. Canadian Presbyterians on Sunday Observ- ance. TORONTO, Oct. 22.ŠA meeting for the furtherance of Sabbath observance was -held to-day in the Central Presbyterian Church, under the auspices of the To-ronto Presbytery. Papers and addresses dealing with the subject from various points of view were read and delivered by local ministers. This evening the fea-ture of the meeting was an address by Mr. John Charlton, M. P., who took occa-sion to strongly denounce the treatment accorded by the Senate to his Sabbath observance bill, which, he said, had, igno-miniously kicked it out without pretend-ing to consider its merits. The Rev. James Grant, speaking on the same sub-ject, said the Senate should certainly be mended or ended, and it was time they set about doing it.ŠMontreal Witness, Oct. 31, 1894. Cardinal Gibbons on the Basis of Unity. BALTIMORE, Nov. 4.ŠThis is the feast-day of St. Charles Borromeo, and Cardinal Gibbons preached a sermon on Christian unity, based upon the career of that re-former. He said that while it could not ..be de-nied that lamentable abuses crept into the church in the fifteenth and sixteenth cen-turies, a distinction should be made be-tween the infallibility of the church and the personal responsibility of her teaching body. It was to be regretted that Luther and Calvin and the other leaders of the Ref-ormation had not followed the example of St. Charles by fighting iniquity within the church, instead of using their weapons against her. If the municipal organization is badly administered, said the cardinal, the re-formers do not abolish the mayoralty and city council; if there is corruption in the State Government, the reformers do not try to abolish the State Government; if there is maladministration in the General Government, they do not try to abolish the presidency, but rather to turn the ras-cals out. He added :Š Thank God, there is a yearning desire for reunion. I myself have received several letters from influential Protestant ministers expressing the hope of a reunion and inquiring as to the probable basis of a reconcilia- tion The conditions of reunion are easier than are generally imagined Of course there can be no com-promise on faith or morals The doctrine and moral code that Christ has left us must remain unchange-able. But the Church can modify her discipline to suit the circumstances of the ease. The cardinal concluded with a fervent prayer that the day may soon come when all who profess the name of Christ may have one Lord, one faith and one baptism, and be under one shepherd,ŠNew York World, Nov. 5, 1894. Roman Catholic Intolerance. LORD PLUNKETT, the Protestant arch-bishop of Dublin, has put his long-threat-ened purpose into execution, and Madrid now possesses a brand new prelate to im-part to the benighted citizens the blessings of the Reformation. The consecration ceremony appears to have been very quietly arranged, for the general public appear to have been amazed at the news the next morning. Senor Cabrera, the " bishop-elect," is a Spanish apostate who took to tract distributing (for a " consid- Ł eration !") on his conversion to the " pure gospel." . . . Already Cardinal Mon-escillo, archbishop of Toledo and primate of Spain, has published a pastoral letter protesting against the consecration of Cabrera and of a Protestant church in the city of Madrid. . . . The archbishop's example will be followed by the other Spanish bishops, and the subject will be warmly discussed in both houses of Par-liament. It will also be raised at the con-gress to be held this month at Tarragona, at which the papal nuncio, nearly all the Spanish prelates, and over five hundred notable laymen will be present.Š Catholic Times, Philadelphia, Oct. 13. A CRITICAL HARMONY of the GOSPELS. BY JAMES P CADMAN A M One of the best helps to Bible Study ever published. )(  Tuts Boca gives, in the words of the Evangelists them-selves, the gospel narrative. giving every word from each of the four Gospels, and indicating by the figures 1, 2, 3, 4, representing Matthew. Mark, Luke, and John, which of the four, or if more than one how many of them use the worth given, so that the reader has under his eye all the words of the Evangelists on any given subject, without turning from gospel to gospel to find them, and this in a connected narrative. The text used is that of the Revised Version, making the book specially valuable for use in connection with the King James' Version. Long primer type, 380 pages, well bound in cloth, price, - ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond St., New York City. BIBL  S I  Ł 13  Ł L A LARGE AND ritlItIED STOCK. oS,So  Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY Kansas City. Mo, Oakland, Cal. BOOKS FOR THE CHILDREN. WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, Ł - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $1.00 A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictureS and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for - - $1.73 The Good Shepherd The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! This book, which is 8x104 inches and + inch in thickness, tells the stor:, of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value Price, only 50 cents. ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW.  YORK CITY. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid,- .75 Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A.  U PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent, commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. Ł S1.50. Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - 1.25, - ($2) Ss. 