496 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, AUGUST 10, 1899. "WE have a law," was the excuse by which the Pharisees justified themselves in putting Jesus Christ to death. IT is a bad sign when the clergy get more concerned over the sup-pression of crime than over the erad-ication of sin. UNTIL there can be a law passed which will make the devil cease work on Sunday, it will be well not to have laws making idle hands for him to find employment for on that day. THE best people in the State are not those who are willing to con-form their consciences to the deci-sions of legislatures, but those with whom conscience is the dictator of conduct under all circumstances. THAT the Creator did not make man incapable of doing wrong, is conclusive proof that He did not mean that any man should be forced to do right. JESUS CHRIST did not say to his followers, Tarry ye in the halls of legislation, till ye be endowed with power from the State; but "Tarry ye, . . . until ye be endowed with power from on high." "MANKIND," said John Stuart Mill, "could be no more justified in silenc-ing the honest opinion of one per-son, than one person would, had he the power, be justified in silencing the opinion of mankind." A QUIET Sabbath can always be obtained by spending the day in the  company of the Lord of the Sabbath. No worldly labor by others will dis-turb the one who does this. THE Creator stamped man with His own image, yet this did not save man from falling into the gulf of ruin; yet it is now proposed to save the nation by stamping God's name on its Constitution. "THE worst thing that could hap-pen to the churches," says the Herald and Presbyter, "would be a law compelling every one to go to church. The worst thing that could happen for the diffusion of the spirit of Christian Sabbath-keeping, would be the invasion of the realm of purely Christian privilege by the civil law." .9 THIS NUMBER of the SENTINEL is especially valuable for circulation wher-ever there are those who need educating in the principles un- : Ł derlying the right of religious IŁ freedom. Friends of the SENTINEL can do good work for the cause of religious liberty by giving this * number an extended circula-tion. It will not get out of date, but will be just as good it) .4$ for use months hence. Price $1.00 per hundred copies. - THE eminent Methodist, Bishop Philipps Brooks, said that "Every institution in which the doctrine of a particular church is inculcated, ought, for its own sake and the state's sake, to be guarded most jealously from any connection with state support." Does not this con-demn the Sunday laws? .9 SINCE the people create the state, it is radically wrong for the state to act as if it were the creator of the people, and the dispenser of their rights. THE more state religion, the less home religion, is a never-varying rule. STATE law and religious persecu-tion never settled a religious contro-versy. TRUE religion is ever intolerant of false principles, but never intolerant of men. THE sacredness of a right depends not at all upon the number of people that possess it. HUMAN law cannot-be based upon God's law, for the divine law is infi-nitely higher than the level of the laws of men. CIVIL government cannot under-take to compel people to do right without working at cross purposes with the gospel. CHRISTIANITY has invariably proved a blessing to the savage races of the earth, but mere "civilization" has more often than otherwise proved a curse. Ł The white man's vices are copied far more readily than his virtues. .0 THE deep piety and spirituality which may be seen in the religious work of people who derive no aid or support in religion from either the law of the land or popular customŠas for example those who observe the seventh day SabbathŠis proof positive that real piety and spirit-uality are in no way conserved by such "helps," and will in no way suffer among the people if these are wholly withdrawn. The more a per-son leans on the world, the less will he depend on the Lord. A RIGHTEOUS nation cannot be a nation whose righteousness is of the law. For righteousness is not of the law, but of faith. 