364 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Thus on all sides the Methodists are persecuted and proscribed. They dare not gather even for a service of prayer, the minister dare not give public religious advice to' the living, nor private spiritual consolation to 'the dying, and if even a member of the frock calls upon the clergy-man, he does so under police surveillance. This is the true picture of religious lib-erty in Austria, and that, too, in the midst of our glorified nineteenth century civil-ization. It is evident that Austria has not taken one step in advance of that sav-age system of religious and political des-potism which Kossuth so graphically pie:-tured, so eloquently condemned, and so heroically combatted nearly half a cen-tury ago. Austria can never grow in true greatness, nor elevate her people in the elements and principles of useful, vir-tuous and prosperous citizenship, until she rejects the dim light of Roman can-dles, and accepts the clear, open sun-light of God's universal truth and justice. Š Mail and Express. Shall the Pilgrim Papacy Survive? THAT Boston paper, which carries the lengthy title of Our Country and the American Traveler, in its issue of No-vember 10, says editorially, in reference to the closing of the World's Fair on Sun-day:Š In the United States there is no one custom more fixed and distinctive than the almost universal re-gard for the Sabbath. The most industrious peo-ple in the worldŠperhaps the most avariciousŠby common consent suspend their worldly toil, and millions of them resort to the temples of religion and their children to the Sabbath school. It has been so from the settlement of the country and the existence of our Union. One of the principle rea-sons assigned by John Robinson, the pastor of the Pilgrim Fathers, for his little flock resolving to quit Holland, their adopted countryŠwhither they had fled ten years before from EnglandŠfor Amer-ica, was "that they could not bring the Dutch to observe the Lord's day as a Sabbath." One of the chief cares of both the Pilgrim and the Puritan Fathers on their arrival here was the ob-servance of the "sacred rest." In the earliest rec-ords of the Dutch colonists in New York there are decrees of the most stringent character, intending to guard the infant community against the demor-alizing tendencies of Sabbath profanations. There are still earlier records of attention on the part of the English settlers to this subject. Whether they established themselves in New Plymouth, Salem or Cambridge, they alike felt the sanctification of the Lord's day to be an important matter. Seeing then, that this sentiment of reverence for the Sabbath is recognized in every State of the Union, and on our statute books laws embodying this same sentiment have ever had a place, the question is not whether these convictions are well or ill-founded, not whether the Sabbath is or is not a divine institution, but whether the Sabbath, thus entrenched in the affections, usages and laws of the American people, shall not be respected by the di-rectors of the World's Fair. Am'erica invites the world to examine her institutions. One question is, shall she deliberately abolish one of the most fundamental of these, impelled by the greed of gain? It is a great question, and one which ap-peals as directly to patriotic pride as to religious principle. That was a very suggestive admission from John Robinson, that his Pilgrim flock resolved to quit Holland because "they could not bring the Dutch to ob-serve the Lord's day as a Sabbath." By quoting it does Our Country wish to call attention to the fact that a similar escape from the uncomfortable evidence of a similar inability is still open ? Although there are no more worlds to conquer there are still unoccupied lands in plenty where those may go, who, like John Robinson and his fellows, can not bring all with whom they are associated to observe the first day of the week as a Sabbath. But  will those who have the love of their kind in their hearts desire to so separate them-selves from their fellow-men ? What is the natural conclusion to be placed upon these words of John Robinson, especially in the light of the decrees and statutes which we are here told his followers es-tablished ? Is it not that where they were in the minority,Šdid not make the laws, and could not coerce others to con-form to their religious practices,Šthey were not contented ? Does it not show that in their stern pride of opinion they could brook no difference of views in others ? They could tolerate no failure in others to observe the religious forms which they observed ? Consequently, when they could not "bring the Dutch" to think and do as they thought right, and were un-able to compel them, they resolved to quit Holland for a country where there were none to withstand them, and they could set up a theocracy of their own without opposition, or at least with none that they could not overcome. The "de-crees of a stringent character" which were immediately adopted show this to be so. Seeing that this is so, and that these stat-utes and decrees, and others embodying the same sentiment, are now recognized in almost every State of the Union, on their statute books and in their local laws,Šwhat follows ? Does it follow that the question is not whether these statutes and laws " are well or ill-founded, not whether the Sabbath is or is not a divine institution " ? If the Pilgrim and Puritan Fathers stood to this country, and its citi-zens forever, in the place of God, that would follow. If they did not, it would not follow. This Pilgrim and Puritan papacy was really abolished by the Declaration of In-dependence and the Constitution of the United States. Whether it shall survive is then truly a great question and one which appeals " directly to patriotic pride." Much more forcibly does it appeal "06o religious principle " whether the Amer-ican people shall yield religious allegiance to the Pilgrim and Puritan Fathers, or to God. This Boston paper seems sat-isfied that the question is solely one of ancestor worship. Will that suffice to satisfy the mind and conscience of intelli- gent American citizens ? W. H. M. An injustice. [From the Christian Patriot, Morristown, Tenn., Sept. 15, 1891. For comment see last page.] THE Sunday laws are not at all reli-gious. They have two objects : first to secure everyone his right to a weekly day of rest; and, secondly, to prevent the dis-turbance by worldly noise and business of those who rest on Sunday. Even infidels must admit that a weekly rest day is pro-motive of health and intelligence, and that it is just that those who wish to wor-ship should be protected from annoyance. Mr. R. M. King, of west Tennessee, is a Seventh-day Adventist. We regret his errors; but if reason can not convince him of them persecution will not. He is a farmer. He rested on Saturday and ploughed on Sunday. He was arrested and fined under the statute. He paid his fine and ploughed again. He is now pros-ecuted under the common law. The Seventh-day Adventists took his case up. It has gone through the State courts and has just been decided against him by the United States Circuit Court. It is to be appealed to the Supreme Court. We hope  Mr. King will gain his case. For, first, he has complied substantially with the objects of the Sunday laws. He and his household rest one day every week. And his ploughing at a distance from any church is not an annoyance to worship. It is a shame that he should be punished while railroad companies and daily papers rob thousands of a rest day and disturb the Sabbaths of large sections and great cities. The case calls attention to the impor-tance of carefully amending the Sunday laws. They should forbid the employing of men to work on Sunday. No one ex-cept an idiot will work on Sunday unless compelled to do so. The penalty should rest wholly upon the employer. And sec-ondly, those who conscientiously and really observe any other day as a Sabbath should be exempted from the law, pro-vided they do their Sunday work in such a way and at such a place as not to disturb the Sabbath quiet of the first day of the week. The exemption would only apply to those who do rest on Saturday, and it would permit them to employ on Sunday only those who have rested on Saturday. Such a law should have the support of Seventh-day Adventists, Jews and infi-dels. What Kind of a Christian Nation? EVERY thoughtful person, on reading the recent decision of the Supreme Court to the effect that " this is a Christian Na-tion," well knew that the next step would be to raise the controversy as to what kind of a " Christian Nation" this " Chris-tian Nation " is. As sure as like causes produce like effects, and as sure as Con-stantine's adoption of " Christianity " as the religion of the Roman Empire de-manded an official decision as to which of the contending sects were entitled to be called Christian, so sure will the question now have to be settled in this country, what kind of a " Christian Nation " this " Christian Nation " is. The movement to determine this has already begun, and begun by opposing elements. The Christian Statesman is contending for one kind of Christianity, the New York Independent for another. The Christian Statesman, the paper which has so long been working to make this a " Christian Nation " by national law, was the quickest to catch the decision of the Supreme Court and publish it to the world and to rejoice in the accomplish-ment of its long sought purpose. But now, just as was expected, this paper complains editorially, that notwithstand-ing this is a " Christian Nation," made so " by the highest authority in the land," nevertheless it is not a " Christian Na- tion" because Christian Statesman Chris-tianity is not in control of the Govern- ment. Here are its words You certainly believe that Christ is the king and head of this Nation. It has been declared, by the highest authority of the land, to be a Christian Na-tion. Of course it can be a Christian Nation only by virtue of a real relation to Christ as its king. No man or body of men is Christian that is not in subjection to him as Lord. . . . On next Tues-day you will oast the deciding ballot. And in view of the personal character of the great majority of the present rulers, is there not a solemn call made upon you to pause and seriously consider the whole question before you cast another vote ? . . . And is it not a matter for very serious consideration, in determining the question of cast-ing your vote, on next Tuesday, that in neither of the platforms of principles put forth by the two great parties, which ask for your suffrage is the name of God mentioned, or the slightest deliver- 