AMERICAN SENTINEL. 541 From that hour until the following midnight no vehicle of any sort, no horseman, no bicyclist, may enter, not even if the traveler be a physician summoned in haste. Railway service is suspended, and on the bridges leading across the lakes to the towns adjoining, guards are sta-tioned to forbid all ingress except for the purpose of at-tendance upon religious service. No sea-bathing, fish-ing, or boating is allowed. Participation in any open-air game is punishable by a fine of ten dollars, and the same penalty is the consequence of the sale or delivery of any sort of merchandise, milk and newspapers in-cluded. . . . "Given two occupations, each so peculiarly absorb-ing as are its devotions and its music, small wonder that Ocean Grove finds neither time nor need for the usual diversions of popular pleasure resorts. Yet the stranger here cannot but feel some sense of bareness, through the entire absence of all evidence of such things. The sad, gray model of modern Jerusalem, exhibited under a somber wooden canopy before the auditorium entrance, is the only 'show' that the law allows. Not even a hand-organ man, with his gay-jacketed monkey, is permitted to trifle with the temper of the scene. And if it were not for the two water-front 'pavilions' the beach itself would be left in its natural severity to -furnish forth a back-ground worthy of the rest. In the name of harmony, would it had been so!" To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Pletiatiy. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Rana Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. S. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing 0o., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If piper money or coin is sent, register the letter.' AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PIIBLISHED 'WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year - $1.00. it 44 Six months - .50. Three months - Ł A.DDEESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. IMPORTANT TRACTS. Elihu on the Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 42. A brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argu-ment on the Sabbath question. $1.00 per 100. Which Day Do You Keep and Why? B. S. L., No. 48. By G. W. Amadon. A clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not obeying Him. 50 cents per 100. Prom Sabbath to Sunday. B. S. L., No. 95. Among other important testimony concerning the Sabbath question, this tract contains "Father" En-right's $1,000 challenge for Bible proof of the sacred-ness of Sunday. It is unanswerable. 50 cents per 100. Who Changed the Sabbath? B. S. L., No. 107. This is one of the best numbers of the Library, and has been thoroughly revised. It contains the testi-mony of Protestant and Roman Catholic authorities bearing on this great subject, which is now agitating so many minds. The plain testimony of the Script-ures and history is also clearly presented in answer to this important question. $1,50 per 100. The Identical Seventh Day. B. S. L., No. 114. There are three common objections brought against the Bible Sabbath: (1) The round world; (2) lost time; (3) the seventh part of time. These objections are candidly considered and clearly answered in this little tract of sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. New Testament Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 137. The different texts in the New Testament referring to the first day of the week, and thought by many to prove its sacredness, are all examined carefully. "The New Testament Example for the Seventh Day;" "Which Day is the Seventh or Sabbath?" and "The Word Sabbath in the New Testament," all receive consideration. It is fully illustrated, and contains sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. Rome's Arraignment of Sabbath-breakers. B. S. L., No. 150. By "Father" O'Keefe, editor Catholic Mirror, of Baltimore, in reply to seven ser-mons from as many ministers of that city, demand-ing stricter Sunday observance. $1.00 per 100. The Three Sabbaths. A. G. L., No. 58. The Lord's Sabbath, The Jewish Sabbath, The Papal Sabbath. Though the subject is a familiar one, the treatment of it is remarkably terse and refreshing. You will enjoy reading it, and will receive an inspira-tion therefrom. 50 cents per 100. Historical Vacts and Incidents. A. G. L., No. 45. Relative to the Sunday and the Sabbath, illus-trated with photo reproductions from books pub-lished in 1635 and 1636. A history of the Sabbath in a nutshell. $2.00 per 100. Pacific Press Publishing CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. 