Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas ye erson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER 27, 1889. NUMBER 44. An2epicar2 Ser2th2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No, 43, Bohn ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALoNzo T. JONES. After January 1, 1890, this paper will be published at 43 Bond Street, New York City. Our exchanges, ad-rertisers, and correspondents will please make a note of this fact, and send all papers and direct all cor-respondence, to reach us after December 13, to our new address. Txt Times of this city is in favor of teaching the principles of our Constitution and the Decla-ration of Independence in our common schools. It would certainly be a step in the right direction, but would no doubt be bitterly opposed by those Who denounce our Constitution as atheistic, and who contend that governments do not " derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." But the fight against the principles of the Declaration of Independence and 'the Con-stitution as it is, is on, and we may as well meet the issue squarely; and we know of no better way of doing this than by teaeling the rising generation to love our free institutions. THE following item from the New York Chris-tian Advocate contains a thought,  worthy of note := " Twelve hundred St. Petersburg merchants have declared themselves willing to close their places of business on Sunday, with a view of keeping the day as it is understood in the United States and Great Britain. The movement cannot succeed. The Greek Church compels cessation of work in whole or in part on more than seventy man-made holidays. Until this is reformed the people will haveto work on Sun-day." It should be remembered that those Sunday-law advocates who demand that all shall rest on Sunday, insist that such a law does not interfere with religious liberty, froth the fact that it does not forbid the keeping of any other day. But it will readily be seen in the light of this item from the Advocate that it does practically forbid that very thing, from the fact that few can afford to be idle two days in each week. And a law re-quiring all to keep Sunday is in effect a law that they shall not observe another day. But even granting that all could afford it, who has the right, in equity, to impose a burden of this kind upon even a few for conscience' sake? There can be but one answer, namely, that no-body has any such right. The trouble is that the observance or the non-observance of a Sabbath is a matter which lies wholly between each indi-vidiial and his God, and no man.  n or __set of men —has any right to interfere in it. National Reform Success Means Re-ligious Persecution. Tnrs is most strenuously denied by- all Na-tional Reformers, just as we should naturally expect; because if they should claim, or even admit, that the success of their movement would involve persecution, they could not proceed a step farther. As a matter of course, we expect that they will deny that persecution will follow the success of their movement. Doubtless a great majority of them are sincere in this denial, be-cause they have never taken the trouble to look. to the end of their work; and of all people in the world National Reformers seem to be most oblivious to the teachings of history; but their denials amount to nothing in the face of the dec-larations that they have made from the beginning, and are still making. We will quote a few state-ments. Before the first annual meeting of the associa-tion An address to the public in behalf of the cause was prepared by the Rev. T. P. Stevenson, W. W. Spear, D.D., and Win. Getty, Esq., in which the following statement was made:Š " It must be deplored that in a Constitution so universally and so justly admired and loved and studied by the American people, there is nothing to turn the mind of the nation to God, to inculcate rev-erence for the authority of his Son, or respect for-his word." This shows plainly that the design of the Na-tional Reformers is to so modify the Constitution that the government will act as a teacher of re-ligion. In the address of Dr. Johnathan Ed-wards, at the New York convention, in 1873, it was said of the Constitution:Š " We want to put the people into it; the people in full, with their deep and noble reverence for God, the greatest and best, and for his word as the under-lying and paramount law." Again: In the Cincinnati convention, in 1872, Rev. A. D. Mayo, D.D., in an address on relig-ion in public schools, said that "the State should teach the existence, sovereignty, and providence of God, and the duty of all men and nations to obey his laws; the spiritual nature, moral obli-gation, natural rights, and immortal life of man; the binding obligation of the morality of Jesus Christ as the only universal moral law; the ac-ceptance of the New Testament morality as the moral constitution of every civilized State." He further Said that the State is bound to see that the religious morality essential to good citizen-ship is taught. At a convention hold -in Monmouth, Ill., Sep-tember 29, 1884, Rev. M. A. Gault said This movement includes the triumph of every moral reform. Every true reform is simply an effort to get back to some one of the ten commandments. If that law was recognized as the standard of legis-lation, and if public sentiment was educated up to that standard, it would do away with.  lying, stealing,  intemperance, profanity, Sabbath desecration, licen-tiousness, murder, and every evil that now vexes so-ciety.*. These statements show that the proposed re-form contemplates simply the adoption of the Bi-ble as the law of the land. This was plainly de-clared by Dr. Edwards in the New York con-vention. He said :Š " If there be anything in the law of Moses which the coming of Christ and the subsequent overthrow of Judaism did not abrogate, let them be pointed out (and there cannot be many of them), and we are prepared to accept them, and have them re-enacted." We say that with such a Constitution as this, persecution would be inevitable; but as facts are better than arguments, we will give an instance illustrative of the working of such a Constitution in the past. The New York Observer of March 22, 1888, contained the fifth of a series of articles on John Calvin, written by the Rev. James M. Ludlow, D.D. The articles were, as a matter of course, eulogistic of Calvin. The article in the issue re-ferred to was upon the trial of Servetus, and the last days of Calvin. Having mentioned the visit of Servetus to Geneva, and his arrest and trial, the Doctor says:Š " The specific charge against Servetus was that of teaching contrary to the Bible doctrines ; but this was only a specification under the more general charge of attempting to destroy the peace, and, in-deed, the existence, of the Genevan State. The Ge-nevans had adopted the Bible as a part of their con-stitution, and every citizen had sworn to defend it; Servetus was thus the foe to the civil order. It was in no sense an ecclesiastical trial, but one which be-longed to the civil court, by which it was conducted. Calvin was an expert witness on the points raised, not a judge. That the animus was not that of relig-ious rancor is evident from the fact that Calvin him-self was at the same time in fraternal correspondence with acknowledged heretics, like Socinus. But when the heresy was made a lever for the .iverthrow of the republic, it became a different matter, and the Gene-vans would have been unworthy of their political ex-istence if they had not been willing to defend it." The Genevans had a model National Reform government; and the burning of Servetus was a natural result, just as Dr. Ludlow says. And the fact that a man can be found who will apolo-gize for the burning of Servetus, and who will say that it was not an ecclesiastical trial, still' at the same time admitting that it was the result of the Bible being adopted as a part of the consti- tution, is sufficient evidence that-  if the National Reformers should succeed in having the Bible adopted as part of the Constitution, doctors of divinity and influential teachers would not be lacking who would defend. persecution under it. But note that it is denied that the burning of Servetus was persecution, or that his trial was an ecclesiastical trial. It is stated that his heresy was made a lever for the- overthrow of the gov-ernment. But bow could a heresy affect the gov- 