"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World," VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 8, 1894. NUMBER 6.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. - ALONZO T. JONES. EDITOR, - - ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE papacy is posing before the Gov-ernment and people of the United States as the support of society and the stay of civil order. OPPORTUNITIES are sought for and even created on every possible occasion by the dignitaries and prominent men of "the church " to proclaim her as the conserv-ator of public order, and that there can be no assured safety without the " benign offices" of "the church." Ix taking his seat as temporary chair-man of the Catholic Congress at Chicago, September 4, 1893, Morgan J. O'Brien, of the Supreme Court of New York, said:Š That the solution of the present social difficulties is to be found in the Catholic Church, we know; for as has been well said, " That church . . . is recog-nized as the synonym of authority, the foe to lawless-ness, and the champion of law and order." IN the same congress, September 5, Archbishop Watterson, of Columbus, said:Š If society is to be saved from a condition worse in some respects than that of pagan times, it is from the Vatican the saviour must come. . . . Leo XIII. is recalling to the minds of men those great bedrock truths on which the health and life of nations and so-ciety depend. . . . He shows that the papacy is this great social necessity, this universal moral power in the world, the bond of union and the principle of order. THESE are only samples of what may be found in almost every Catholic speech and Catholic paper. Thus she sounds her own trumpet before her, and, in this as in other things, " Protestant " preachers and papers toot their little horns behind her, saying, "That is so." There are many examples of this, and there have been many in recent years. FOR instance, in the Evangelist, of this city, a Presbyterian paper, whose editor speaks of Cardinal Gibbons as " Our Cardinal," February 9, 1888, a Presbyte- rian D. D. of Princeton, described the papacy asŠ The church of all races, ranks and classes, which gives signs of becoming American as well as Roman, and the only church fitted by its hold upon the work-ing masses, to grapple with that labor problem before which our Protestant Christianity stands baffled to-day. And in the North American Review for January, 1894, Bishop Doane, of the "Protestant" Episcopal Church, of Al-bany, in this State, strikes the same key to the following effect:Š The Roman Catholic Church throughout the world is really two or three absolutely distinct and different things. Whatever one may feel about the schism which it is, and the schisms it has caused; or, how-ever deeply one may deplore the novelties with which it has overlaid the old faith (which, like all novelties, being on the top are the things most thought of and most dwelt on by her people), these are not matters for discussion here or now. In spite of these, she is to every intelligent mind an ancient and venerable portion of the Christian Church; and in her discharge of her ecclesiastical and religious duties, is to be pro-tected and respected, teaching other Christians many lessons of devotion, consistency and courage, which we should do well to learn. Beside this, she is a fac-tor in the lives of thousands of people, citizens of our country, who are kept from evil living by her minis-trations and control; and when we consider the fact that the enormous majority of the crowded poor be-long to her communion, that perhaps the most turbu-lent element in our citizenship owes at least a faint and nominal allegiance to her authority, that without the control of her priesthood, we should be powerless to deal, except by brute force, with great masses of the workingmen of America; we must certainly be ready to secure to her every opportunity for doing the legitimate work of a great Christian Church. Over and above thisŠand I say it with no unkindnessŠsince an overwhelming proportion of the inmates of our institutions of reform consist of her people, it seems right to me, provided no money for the support of religious services come from the State funds, that her clergymen should have access to the inmates of these institutions under proper regulations. The Roman Church is also a beneficent institution, with multiplied and manifold orders and agencies of mercy and charity, in the support of which, and in their methods of administration, she is not only to be pro-tected, but greatly admired and imitated by others. And that such papers as the Independ-ent and the Christian at Work, indorse it all, needs not to be proved by quota-tions. Tins claim of the papacy and its admis-sion by Protestants, is worth examination for its own sake, and more in view of the use that is made of it. When viewed in the light of facts of open every day experience, it will be seen to be as void of truth, as perfectly fraudulent, as was ever  any claim that was made by the papacy. Nor do we need to go outside of good Catholic authority for evidence to start with. In the Chicago Catholic Congress, September 6, 1893, Archbishop Ireland said :Š We say this is a glorious church of oursŠas, indeed, she isŠand yet what a fearfully large proportion of those so-called saloons are held by Catholics; and what a fearfully large proportion who lose in them their souls, are children of the church. And the same day in the congress Mr. M. T. Elder read a paper, in which he stated this and more, thus :Š When I see how largely Catholicity is represented among our hoodlum element, I feel in no spread-eagle mood. When I note how few Catholics are engaged in honestly tilling the honest soil, and how many Catholics are engaged in the liquor traffic, I cannot talk buncombe to anybody. AMEN, say we. And yet throughout that whole congress, with the exception of Mr. Elder's paper and one more, there was nothing else than one continuous stream of this same " spread-eagle " stuff and " buncombe " as to " the church " being the "champion of law and order" and "the saviour of society." And all this, too, in face of the patent and conscious fact that " Catholicity " is so " largely represented " among the " hood-lum element" of the nation; and that a " fearfully large proportion " of saloon keepers and those who patronize them are " Catholics " and " children of the church " Šyes, of " this glorious church of ours." THERE is another illustration strictly to the point, and which is fresh in the minds of all the people of the country. Every-body knows that for the greater part of the month of January, 1894, the whole executive authority of the State of Florida, from the governor down, was kept on the alert, and even the authorities of the ad-joining State of GeorgiaŠand all in vain, tooŠto prevent a prize fight, in which one of the principals and a majority of the trainers, etc., were " good " Catholics. And yet not a single official  of the Cath-olic Church said a single word or did a single thing to prevent that fight, when, if any of these claims on behalf of "the church" are true, a single word from any of them could have stopped it. This is not saying that " the church " should 