THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 141 our laws shall conform to this standard." This simply means to make the divine law, or rather that which the courts may hold or the Church decide to be the divine law, the fundamental law of the land. It would then be superior to the Constitution, and human judges would administer the divine law and decree punishment for its infraction! As before stated, the Church and the State would both be governed by the same law; in the Church it would be known as ecclesiastical law, in the State as civil law ; but it would be the same law. This is simply what was done in the Dark Ages, and the evils of a union of Church. and State are inseparable from such a system whether it be called a union of Church and State or only a union of religion arid the State. A skunk by any other name would smell as rank, and it is just as true that the evils of Church and State are not dependent upon the name by which that union may be called. C. P. BOLLMAN. A National Reformer's Plea for Saloon-Keepers. A NOTABLE effort to secure the passage of an ordinance closing saloons on Sunday has -been defeated by our City Council. The Judiciary Committee have reported against its passage, with but one dissent-ing voice, The measure was the pet scheme of Rev. N. R. Johnston, the Pa-cific Coast apostle of National Reform, and it was supported by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and several ministers, who have labored zealously to palm it off as a temperance measure. But the more they talked about it, the more it became evident that it was de-signed to further the Sunday-sacredness dogma rather than temperance reform. Mr. Camron, Of the council, was very outspoken against the passage of all such ordinances, and his remarks called out Mr. Johnston, who took the councilman to task through the columns of the Morning Times. Replying to the remark, " The liquor men have a right to do business, and we have given it to them," Mr. John-ston says :Š But who gave the saloonists the right to sell strong drink to common drinkers ? The divine Lawgiver from whom alone rights are derived, did not. He is a kind, as well as a just Ruler. Conceding the truth of this assertion, it is equally true that the divine Lawgiver never gave Mr. Johnston or his party the right to impose Sunday observance upon any of his fellow-citizens. It is also true that the divine Lawgiver never gave any man the right to change his law in re-spect to the Sabbath-day; but the Govern-ment, recognizes the right of Sunday ad-vocates to believe and act individually as they please in the matter. We do not hear Mr. Johnston censuring the Govern-ment for giving them the right to violate God's law in this respect. He knows  very well that the divine law says "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and no Sunday adherent has ever dared to print it any other way; yet he declines to observe that day, and ad-vocates the substitution of another day in its stead, and also the enforcement of that observance upon others. Should the city, or the State, or general Government un-dertake to abridge his civil right to ig-nore the divine law in this respect, would he admit the validity of his argument in the case under consideration ? This in-quisitorial principle of men assuming to be the executors of the divine law, is the principle which lies back of all religious domineering in civil affairs, from what-ever source. But the crowning argument for this at-tempted Sunday-sacredness boom, under the thin guise of temperance,- is found in the patronizing plea for the saloonists op-portunity to go to church, or to the picnic. In view of the success of the movement, he says The saloonist would have an opportunity to go to church, or to the picnic, or to rest at home, on our rest-day. Poor fellows ! Certainly nobody will ever again censure them for not going to church since one of their worst enemies is ready to plead that they have no oppor-tunity. But how do those other mer-chants and owners of mechanical shops along the same street get to church ? There is no law to compel them to close. However, that logic might be explained in some ingenious way were it not for that incongruous plea in behalf of " sa-loonists " for an opportunity to go to pic-nics. At other times the Sunday-law preachers have complained because picnics are allowed on that day at all. But worst of all seems to be their lack of opportu-nity to " rest at home on our rest-day," and a city ordinance is therefore necessary for their relief. But why all, this beating round the bush to get a start on a Sunday-law cam-paign ? Everybody knows the argument is absurd. The truth is, a great effort is to be made this summer to secure the election of a State Legislature that will enact a Sunday law next winter. Mrs. Bateham is in the State already ; Mr. Crafts is announced for a tour of the State in May; the Prohibition party has just held its State convention, and has in-serted a Sunday-law plank (encased in a " civil " screen) in its platform, and every available agency is being prepared for a vigorous campaign. We may expect all manner of " clash-ing voices " arguments on the part of the Sunday-law speakers and writers, and some people are curious to know how much of a figure will be cut in the cam-paign by the plea of Mr. Johnston for the saloonists' opportunity to go to picnics on that day. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, Cal., April 13, 1890. Follies of the Wise. IT seems from a Washington dispatch printed in the Boston Advertiser, that Mr. Edmunds is still meditating upon his pro-posed national university at Washington, and is even thinking of making the estab-lishment of such an institution a memorial and celebration of the discovery of Amer-ica :Š Senator Edmunds, in speaking about the Chicago World's Fair bill to-day, said that he did not intend to antagonize that measure when it comes up for consideration, but that he did propose to bring for-ward at as early a day as possible his National University bill. He said he intended to have had the measure ma-tured some time ago, but owing to a severe illness from which he had not entirely recovered, he had been unable to give the subject the attention it required. That it would carry with it a large sum of money to be appropriated from the treasury of the United States; and whether it should be a commemoration of the discovery of America by Christopher Colum-bus, was for the Senate to determine. It is very kind of Mr. Edmunds to think of Christopher Columbus, but it would be still kinder of him to think of the Ameri-can people. Leaving out of question the absurdity and impropriety of a national university, the absence of constitutional warrant for the establishment and main-tenance of such an institution by the Gov-ernment, the political squabbles and scan-dals and the educational anomalies which would inevitably result, and the difficulty of organizing a faculty, and, in certain branches of knowledge, of providing in-structors who would not be objectionable to large sections of public opinion; leaving out of sight all these tough questions, there is still one question which should be enough to gravel Mr. Edmunds or any other fine old Federalist - Republican. What right has the Government to tax everybody for the benefit of the few stu-dents who would have the time and the means to resort to a national university ? There are colleges enough and universi-ties enough, and to spare, in the United States already. The only truly national university possible to this country is the primary school. There ' can't be too much of that. There can't be too little of such a national humbug as Mr. Ed-munds proposes. We entreat Mr. Edmunds not to asso-ciate the name of Columbus with a hum-bug.ŠNew York Sun. EDWARD BELLAMY, the author of "Looking Backward," and "The Fool's Paradise," sagely observes that the hardest workers and the chiefest producers are the poorest paid and worst treated. And of the truth of this we seem to find proof in the fact that Mr. Bellamy has made a pile of money and won heaps of admiration out of that book of his, while the compos-itors who set up the type, the men who run the presses, the operatives who made the paper, and others haven't made more than ordinary wages out of it, and are not quite so well treated as Mr. Bellamy is by the admirers of that kind of rubbish.ŠChicago Times. 