384 A.MJIHAMCA.N VoL. 10, No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 5, 1895. Pr' ANT one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE oppose principles, not men; false and evil theories of government, not the organiza-tions that hold and advocate them. THE time to protest against an invasion of our rights is when the principle is attacked upon which they rest, and before actual leg-islation is passed which would take them from us. The world has ever been too slow upon this point. Human nature is prone to wait and delay until action is felt to be an unavoid-able necessity; and by failing to protest when their rights were violated in principle, men have logically forfeited the right to protest when they were invaded by force of law. He who does not protest until he is made actually to suffer from the evil which has invaded his liberty, will find himself placed at great dis-advantage and in a very bad light in the eyes of those to whom he would appeal. Is not the Sunday saloon-closing law a vir-tual support to the evil which the saloon rep-resents? Does it really weaken the saloon's position? If so, why are saloonists in general willing to abide by such a law? Does it not afford them an opportunity to assume more of an appearance of respectability? And is this likely to help toward the saloon's ex-tinction? Let candid, thinking people seri-ously consider whether a law which helps the saloon to appear respectable, and virtually jus-tifies its existence and its work upon all but one day in the week, is not doing more to strengthen than to weaken the power of this foe to humanity. THE following is from an associated press dispatch recently published in the daily pa-pers CITY OF MuxicO, Nov. 3ŠNews comes from Texacapa, a small town inhabited by Indians and masazos (half breeds), confirming the report that ten persons were burned there as heretics by order of the auxiliary town judge. He claims that he was acting according to the will of God, manifested to him in an extraordinary vision, accompanied by certain indications of divine wrath against heretics and people leading immoral lives. The victims of this outburst of papal fanat-icism were first locked in the jail, after whiCh the building was set on fire. IF it is right to enforce " law " simply because it is " law," then Torquemada stands justified before the world, for he only enforced the " law" of Spain. If it is duty to enforce " law" simply be-cause it is " law," then Torquemada not only stands justified before the world, but he must  be awarded the rimed of honor, for he only discharged an unpleasant duty! But it is not duty to enforce " law" simply because it is law. Every man, however hum-ble or however high his station, is bound, first of all, to do justice to his fellow-men; and nothing can free him from this obligation. Any failure to discharge this duty to the law of nature as written in the very nature of man, is either tyranny or cowardice. MORE ARRESTS IN ONTARIO. A LETTER from P. M. Howe, dated Nov. 29, brings news of more arrests of Adventists in the vicinity of Chatham, Ont., for doing work on Sunday. The writer says that on Nov. 28 he was summoned, together with William Simpson, to appear before Justice Watson, of Ridgetown, to answer to the charge of doing worldly labor on the third day of November, " being the Lord's day," by work-ing at carpentering and masonry. Thomas Griffith was also arrested for cutting wood on Nov. 10; and A. 0. Burrill, the Adventist pastor, is under arrest for assisting in the building of the Adventist church. When the Adventists began the erection of their church, the opposition party set fire to their lumber, by which about 3,000 feet of it was destroyed. As the work was however continued, they began to watch the Advent-ists on Sundays, and the above mentioned arrests are the result. No comment is needed to make plain the animus of the pro-ceeding. The justice at Chatham refused to take the cases, and the prosecutors, not discouraged, went to the neighboring village of Ridgetown, where they succeeded in getting them set for trial. All four cases will be tried the same day, Dec. 5. THAT the Sabbath is not designed merely for physical rest is shown by the fact that mere physical rest is not Sabbath-keeping. The prophet thus describes true Sabbath-observance: "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor Ending thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord." To keep the Sabbath is therefore to delight in the Lord; hence only he who de-lights in the Lord keeps the Sabbath. WE hear much said at the present time about the " civic duties of Christians." This is a very misleading phrase. It conveys the idea that that which is civic pertains to that which is Christian; which is not the case. Man as a mere unit of civil society, a mere factor of civil government, is not necessarily a Christian at all. A Christian sustains exactly the same relation to the civil government as does one who is not a Christian; in other words, the profession or non-profession of  Christianity or of any religion does not affect a person's relation to the civil power at all. All persons, whether Christians, atheists, Jews, or pagans, are equally bound to contribute to the support of the civil power which exists for the preservation of their mutual rights. They are equally bound to abide by all just laws. These are their civic duties; and the civic duty of the atheist is the same as that of the Christian. ANOTHER misleading expression is the phrase, " Christian laws." No civil govern-ment on the earth to-day ever enacted any Christian laws. They have laws which are in harmony with the spirit of Christianity; for that spirit leads a person to leave all his fel-lowmen in the full enjoyment of their rights; and many men are in harmony with the spirit of Christianity in this respect. A man may respect the rights of his fellows and give his support to such laws as do not invade those rights, because he wishes his own rights to be respected; while at the same time he ignores the rights of God. God has enacted laws which recognize his rights, or in other words, which define his claims upon the beings he has created; and only those laws are truly Christian; they are the rule of Christian con-duct. Man cannot enact such laws; he can legislate only within the sphere of the rights of man. Within this sphere all persons can unite in legislation, whether they profess a religion or not. And therefore no nation can, in respect to the laws it has enacted, be a Christian nation. ONE of the neatest aids to the study of the books of Daniel and the Revelation, which we have seen, is " The Miniature Prophetic Chart," by Elder Wolcott H. Littlejohn, au-thor of "Life only in Christ, or Immortality not a Birthright, but a Gift from God," and other works This " chart " is in fact an eight-page tract explaining clearly but briefly the prophetic symbols of the two books men-tioned. Single copy, 5 cents; 12 copies, 45 cents. Address: Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York. " FABLES AND ESSAYS," by John Bryan, of Ohio, is a book of 250 pages, published by the Arts and Letters Co., 874 Broadway, this city, and neatly bound in Buckram, with stamped sides and back. It is printed on good paper, is uncut, and contains some good thoughts. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c 25 and under 50 ' " 1 - 60c " 50 and under 100 " " 1 " - 55c " 100 or more it 44 " 50c  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 6s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 