468 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. supported in whole or in part by the government. Therefdre as this government has no financial inter-est in "the Church," it seems altogether more likely that the government will be compelled to yield to "the Church" than that "the Church" will yield to the gov-ernment. Of course where each attends strictly to its own affairs there can be no clash between church and state ; but as "Rome never changes" it is not a sup-posable case that "the Church" will not demand things in Porto Rico that are not in harmony with American principles. If she don't get what she wants "the Church" well knows how to make things very un-comfortable for the civil authorities in such commu- nities as "our new insular possessions." B. Prayer in Political Conventions. (From the Lutheran Witness.) The incongruity of opening political conventions and similar assemblies with prayer is being discussed in the daily press. It has been found, namely, that these prayers are frequently applauded when they chance to suit the tastes of the members of the con-vention. One of our religious exchanges, while ex-pressing itself as being shocked at such occurrences, thinks that such conventions "need divine guidance." "The Witness" agrees that such conventions "need"Šemphasis on needŠdivine guidance, but denies that this divine guidance should be prayed for in the way indicated. Prayer is an outflow of faith ; unbeliev-ers cannot pray. Prayer is an act of worship, and be-lievers must not make pretense of worshipping be-fore the throne of God in company with those of whom they know that these dare not come before Him. Prayer is an act of confession, and those who are not agreed in doctrine should not make a vain show of unity by ignoring, in publc, the differences which keep them apart. Christians should pray in private, and in concert with their brethren, for divine guidance in behalf of the State officers, etc., and should insist that the public "praying" in secular and mixed assem-blies be done away with. A Tale of Two Nations. THE MONARCHY OF THE MASTER, NO. 2. Thus came the King breaking dawn for a new kingdom and a monarchy of a kind hitherto un-known in the world. When his disciples strove as to who should be the greatest, Jesus called them unto him and said, "Ye know that the princes of the Gen-tiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you, but whosoever will be great among you let him be your minister. And whosoever will be chief among you let him be your servant. Even as  the Son of Man came not to, be ministered, unto, but to-minister- and to -give his life a ransom for many This is an utter and entire reversal of all earthly prin-ciples of monarchy. The principle of earthly govern-ments is that all men shall defend and save the king; but in the kingdom and monarchy of Christ it was the king who gave his life in the defense and for the sal-vation of every member of the human family. In an-other place he told the striving disciples, "Be ye not called Rabbi: for one is your master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren . . . . neither be ye called master : for one is your master, even Christ ; but he that is greatest among you shall be your servant." In the kingdom of Christ, royal position is meas-tired by willingness to serve, instead of a willingness to accept service, by a willingness to give up those so-called natural rights, rather than by a willingness to maintain and defend them at all hazards. Peter on one occasion came to Christ saying, "Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me and I forgive him? until seven times seven ?" Jesus said unto him, "I say not unto thee until seven times; but until seventy times seven." Such was the law of the kingdom of God. It should be the law to-day with all who truly live in the kingdom of God. And again he said, "Take heed to yourselves; if thy brother tres-pass against thee rebuke him ; and if he 'repent for-give him ; and if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, 'I repent,' thou shalt forgive him." This was the law of the kingdom of Christ. "Ye have heard that it hath been said," he tells his people, "an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, but I say unto you that ye resist not evil ; but who-soever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain. Give to him that asketh of thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away. Ye have heard that it hath been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute, that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven ; for he rnaketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. For if ye love that which loveth you what reward have you? Do not even the publicans the same ? And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye even more than others ? do not even the publi-cans so ? Be ye therefore perfect even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect." All of this comes well from the Master's lips, from 