AMERICAN SENTINEL. 571 sacred emblem should. without effort, sink into the ground. This is supposed to be where the foundations of the city of Cuzco were laid. For here it disappeared forever; and from this point the two entered on their work of civilization,Šhe teaching the men the arts of agriculture and she teaching her sex to weave and spin. The simple people listened to these messengers from heaven, and the community gradually extended itself along the broad table land, and on the surrounding parts. This was four hundred years previous to its invasion by the Spanish. Cuzco was the holy city. Here was the great temple of the sun, the most magnificent structure in the new world. It surpassed in the costliness of its decorations any in the old world. It was defended by a single wall of great thickness, twelve hundred feet long, on one side. On its north rose a strong fortress. On another side, were two semicircular walls of the same length as the first. The fortress, the walls and the gal-leries were built of stone. No cement was used, but they were adjusted so nicely that it was impossible to put the blade of a knife between them. Many were of vast size, some measuring thirty-eight feet in length, eighteen feet in breadth, and six feet in height. This people of the sun were called Incas. The line descended from father to son through their whole dyn-asty. But the queen was chosen from among the sisters of the Inca; thus preserving the purity of the heaven-born race. The sovereign was immeasurably above his subjects. He was also the head of the priesthood, and presided at all the important religious feasts. He imposed taxes, made laws, appointed judges, raised armies, etc. He was the source from which all flowed. His dress was made of finest wool, richly dyed, and ornamented with gold and precious stones. He wore on his head a many-colored turban with tasseled fringe and feathers. Al-though far above the highest of his people, he took great pains to inspect the condition of the humbler classes. At stated intervals he traveled throughout the country, stopping from time to time to listen to the grievances of his people, or to settle disputes which had been referred to his decision by the regular judges. As his court made its way along the mountain roads, every place was thronged with his people, eager to catch a glimpse of their ruler, and when he raised the curtain, the hills re-sounded with blessings on his head. The historian's descripthin of the Inca and his work in the barbarous countries of South America cannot be improved on. From this work let me give a few more facts concerning the people and their ways. The houses were built round a court, the walls of stone and the roofs of rushes. The interior presented a picture of wealth and beauty. The sides of the walls were studded with gold and silver ornaments. Niches in the walls were filled with plants and animals, wrought of silver or gold. Even the domestic furniture and many utensils were of the same rich material. Baths for the Incas were of  basins of solid gold, SA h silver aqueducts. Gardens were filled with tropical flowers, while by their side were skillful imitations in gold and silver. This magnificent display was only that which each amassed for himself. He owed nothing to inheritance. On the death of an Inca, his palaces were abandoned, with all his possessions, except such as were buried with him. They were closed forever. The new sovereign must provide himself with everything new. The reason for this was the belief that the soul would after a time reanimate the body on earth, and everything must be found just as he had left it. The body of the deceased Inca was em-balmed and taken to the temple of the sun. There, placed on chairs of gold, they sat with their heads in-clined downward, and their hands crossed over their bosoms. The nobility was divided into two orders. The Incas of common descent with their sovereign were alone per-mitted to be priests, and they also filled every station of high trust. The other order was the Curacas or the governors of conquered nations or their descendants. They were usually allowed to continue in their former places, though required to visit the Capital occasionally, and allow their sons to be educated there. Their au-thority was local only. The Incas always retained their own individuality. The empire was divided into four great provinces, each under a governor, who resided for a portion of the year at the Capital. The people at large were divided into bodies of ten. Every tenth man had a supervision of the rest, being required to see that they enjoyed the rights to which they were entitled, to solicit aid from the government when necessary, and also administer justice or punishment. These were still farther divided or set apart into bodies of fifties, of hundreds, five hundreds, and thousands, each with an officer having general supervision of those beneath. Lastly, the whole empire was distributed into sections of ten thousand, with a governor over each from the nobility of Incas. There were also tribunals of justice, and magistrates. Besides the legendary tale of the origin of the Incas, there have been some who have believed them to have been wanderers from ancient tribes mentioned in Bible history. However this may be, we find the mode of government adopted corresponded almost exactly with that which Moses established over the children of Israel in their forty years wanderings. Ex. 18:21, 22, 25, 26. "Moreover, thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, . . . and place such over them to be rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, and rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens; and let them judge the people at all seasons," etc. In their systems of laws and industries, which will be next described, the Peruvians were far in advance of their position under Spanish civilization. LOVE is the best civilizer. 