200 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, No. 25 NEW YORK, JUNE 18, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked-" Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the pest-office. THE Los Angeles Herald thinks that too great a tendency has sprung up of late years to meddle with the rights of the-  individual. Ł IT is said that one of the trustees of the Metropolitan Museum of Art who opposed Sunday opening, would, if he had the power, close even Central Park on Sunday. Ł Ł  THE Supreme Court of Pennsylvania holds that persons who confederate to-gether to induce a saloon-keeper to give them liquor on Sunday, in order that they may get the penalty allowed to informers, are not guilty of conspiracy. Ł -4- WE learn from the China Mail that a bill, entitled " An ordinance to restrict the loading and unloading of cargo on Sunday in certain waters of the Colony," has been read the first time in the Legis-lative Council of Hong-Kong. ONE of the curiosities of Sunday regu-lations in the 'capital city of the Nation is that while drivers of hacks and other vehicles for public hire are not allowed to let their rigs stand upon the streets and avenues Sundays who!n not occupied, and if a vehicle becomes muddy a fine of two dollars is imposed for washing it off, workmen are permitted to go out and do any kind of work they see fit, at least, so says the Washington Post. SOME two weeks eago we copied from the Christian Advocate an item stating that the Grand Jury of Mercer County, New Jersey, had indicted the members of the Salvation Army for making loud noises on drums and tambourines. This the Advocate now says was a mistake. There was no indictment, but only a presentation of certain facts to the Court by the Grand Jury. " The main cause of complaint," says the Advocate, "was the congregating of disorderly persons on the Sidevialks in front of the headquarters, which are in the center of the city, at-tracted there by the public show given by the members of the Army." We would suggest to officers of the town where this annoyance exists that it would lad highly proper to arrest the " disorderly persons "  and thus remove all cause of complaint. We do not approve of Salvation Army methods, but the Army is entitled to the sa m e protection afforded to other people hold-ing public meetings, either religious or otherwise. This is supposed to be a free country, and the law should know no difference between the organ of the Meth-odist or Presbyterian and the bass drum of the Salvation Army corps. e.  REv. J. L. MCCARTNEY, one of the sec-retaries of the American Sabbath Union, reports, through the Christian Statesman, a Sunday excursion from Wheeling to Pittsburg, gotten up by one of the churches of the former city. He says: " It is one of the most flagrant violations of the Sabbath, by a church, that I have ever known." THE Globe, of Erie, Pennsylvania, com-ments thus upon the work in the interests of Sunday law, of Rev. J. L. McCartney, district superintendent of the states of Pennsylvania and the two Virginias, and Rev. Crowe, superintendent of north-west-ern Pennsylvania:Š The "superintendents "Šof what it is not stated, but presumably of the personal liberty of the peopleŠare making a tour of this vicinity, and stopped over night at Cambridge. They have a stereotyped set of resolutions, which are adopted religiously wherever presented, but at Cambridge, which is especially wicked, they indulged in the rarity of the following:Š Resolved, That we heartily commend the action of Station Agent Beatty in stopping the shipping of calves from our sta-tion on the Sabbath as presenting an example of true Christian courage in defense of the right. True Christian courage ! And yet the biggest part of veal Cambridge people eat is butchered on Sunday evening ? Whatever our personal beliefs may be in regard to the Sunday question, we hold that every man should be accorded the utmost liberty in the observ-ance of the day. As well make it compulsory for man, woman and child to light fire crackers on the Fourth of July as to think of enforcing the now obsolete Blue Laws of our forefathers. Times have changed since the days of Salem witchcraft. Re-ligious liberty is fairly dawning. It was " freedom to worship God" that drove the Puritans to Plym-outh rock. It was the same spirit which prevails in the churches to-day which led them to persecute the alleged " witches " of Salem. God never orders a draft for his army; his soldiers must be volun-teers. It is impossible to compel people by law to embrace this or that religion. THE trials of the six young ministers of the Reformed Presbyterian Church ended at Pittsburg, on the 10th inst. The Synod, by a vote of ninety-five to thirty-seven, expelled five of them from the church. The charges against them were scandal, libel, and following divisive courses in declaring in favor of the right of fran-chise. Their names are E. M. Milligan, J. R. J. Milligan, W. H. Reed, W. L. C. Samson, and 0. B. Milligan. The Rev. A. W. McClurkin's appeal was sustained, and R. B. Burnett, a student, also charged with heresy, has not yet been tried. The thirty-seven members of the Synod  who voted against the suspension of the young men presented a paper of dissent from the action of the Synod, and asked that it be spread upon the minutes. The scene during the voting was excit-ing. When the Rev. J. F. Carson's name was called, he said: "I am going to leave the Covenanter Church. I refuse to vote. I will never vote again in this Synod." Elder McAfee spoke for the Fourth Church, New York. It is inferred from what he said that he will go out of the Covenanter Church. Rev. J. L. McEl-hinney said : "I would rather stand with the Lord than the Reformed Presbyterian Church. I vote no." Rev. J. R. Thomp-son said: " The vote of this Synod does not represent the sentiment of the people, and you will hear from them later." Rev. E. M. Smith, of Baltimore, declined to vote, because next Sunday he will ten-der his resignation to his congregation and leave the Covenanter Church. THE Washington Post credits Commis-sioner Douglass with the following re-garding the matter of the District of Co-lumbia having no Sunday laws:Š I think it one of the greatest compliments which can be paid our city when visitors come here and remark that everything is so orderly and quiet on the Sabbath. While we have no Sunday laws to amount to anything, I do not think there is a city on the continent where better order- is maintained, or where the Sabbath is more generally observed. There is a noticeable absence of ball-playing, prize-fighting, and things of this character. It speaks well for our city. And yet the friends of Sunday as a re-ligious day are not happy and demand a Sunday law for the District. " LEFT with a Trust," and "Jottings from the Pacific, No. 3," numbers 7 and 8 of the "Young People's Library," are two excellent books. The books of this series are carefully prepared not merely to amuse but to edify their young readers, and parents need have no hesitancy about placing them in the hands of their chil-dren. The binding of these volumes is the same as of the preceding ones, namely, fine English cloth, embossed in jet and gold. The price is fifty cents per volume. The same books can be had in paper bind-ing for twenty-five cents per volume. Order of the Pacific Press, Oakland, Cali-fornia, or of the same at 43 Bond, Street, New York. After July 1, the price of the cloth-bound books will be sixty cents per volume. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 