ALONZO T. JONNS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, ASSISTANT EDITOR. - EDITORS. any Man Near My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." Vol. 10. No. 24. NEW YORK, JUNE 13, 1895. Price, 3 cents.  American Sentinel. PDI1LISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE COURTS, CONSTITUTIONAL LAW, AND NATURAL RIGHTS. A PROMINENT and somewhat forbidding feature of the several cases under Sunday stat-utes which have occurred in-the various States, is the blind adherence of the courts to prece-dent, and the utter failure of judges to grasp the idea that it is the duty of the magistrate, as a sworn officer, be he a justice of the peace or the chief-justice of the United States, not only to interpret the statute, but to declare the law, to sacredly guard the rights of the citizen, and to support the Constitution, not as others understand it, but as he himself un-derstands it. Of course, we have no means of knowing the private opinion of Judge Janes, of Georgia, in regard to the constitutionality of a statute which sends a man to the chain-gang and to possible death for doing honest labor on his own premises. on Sunday; but we believe that his better nature revolted against the sentence which his mistaken sense of duty led him to impose. He said:Š I am here simply to enforce the laws, and no matter what a man's religious opinions are, if the laws [stat-utes] of the State are that he shall not work on a cer-tain day, and he continues to work on that day, I am bound to enforce the law. I am simply bound to do that; that is my duty; that is my oath. His Honor should remember that any statute which trenches upon inalienable right is not law, and that the LAW under which he acts is the Constitution which he solemnly swore to support when ho ascended the bench; and that instrument provides that "perfect free-dom of religious sentiment shall be, and the same is hereby, secured; and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property, or prohibited from holding any pub-lic office or trust, on account of his religious opinion; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness or justify practices in- consistent with the peace or safety of the people." This supreme law of the State of Georgia is clearly violated by the statute which the judge imagined he was bound to enforce; because this fundamental law guarantees absolute free-dom of conscience, except in " acts of licen-tiousness" or "practices inconsistent with the peace and safety of the people." And that the Sunday work done by Mr. Allison did not come under either of these heads is a matter of record in the case; for, according to the official notes of the court stenographer, the judge himself said to Mr. Allison: " You are not on trial for disturbing anybody;" and his honor plainly stated that the only question before the court was whether or not Mr. Alli-son worked' upon the first day of the week, which the Georgia statutes denominate the Sabbath" and " Lord's day." Thus the only possible civil question involved was ut-terly ignored, and Mr. Allison was tried, not for "acts of licentiousness " nor for "practices inconsistent with the peace or safety of the people," but for offending the religious sensi-bilities of the people by working upon a day which the majority of the people in Georgia regard as the Sabbath. Similar View Entertained in Tennessee. Judge Parks, of Tennessee, took a some-what similar position in the Adventist cases tried before him last March in Rhea County. It would seem probable, from the sentiments expressed by him at that time, that he does not regard the Sunday statute of Tennessee as in harmony with the Constitution, as he un-derstands it, and that had he been upon the Supreme Bench instead of the bench of the Circuit Court, he would not have decided as he did. His excuse was:Š Tlo Supreme Court of this State, whose decision must be taken as final by the lower courts, has passed upon the law [statute] in question, and we cannot rightfully reverse the decision. We say this was Judge Parks' " excuse," because, as one learned in the law, he must certainly know that every government officer, from the lowest to the highest, is sworn to support the Constitution as he understands it and not as others understand it. In his " History of the Formation of the Constitution," George Bancroft states this principle, which had, however, been previ-ously enunciated by!Alexander Hamilton and  others. Of the Constitution of the United States and of the Supreme Court, Mr. Ban-croft says:Š The Constitution retains the means of protecting it-self against the errors of partial or interested judg-ments. In the first place, the force of the judicial opinion of the Supreme Court, in so far as it is irre-versible, reaches only to the particular case in dispute. . . . To the decision of the underlying question of constitutional law, no such finality attaches. To en-dure it must be right.' It is true that this was said of decisions touching the Federal Constitution, but these words are just as true of decisions under the constitution of any State, for this has been a well-established common-law principle for centuries. Sir Edward Coke, England's greatest chief justice, discusses it at.  length, and shows it not only to be imbedded in law, but to be conformable to reason. In a letter written in 1820, Thomas Jeffer-son denominated blind adherence to precedent and to decisions of courts, however high, a " very dangerous doctrine." To his corres-pondent, who had written a book, " The Re-public," Mr. Jefferson said:Š You seem, in pages 84 and 148, to consider the judges as the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions,Ša very dangerous doctrine indeed, and one which would place us under the despotism of an oligarchy. . . . The Constitution has erected no such single tribunal, knowing that, to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and party, its members would become despots.' In his first inaugural address, March 4, 1861, President Lincoln stated the same prin- ciple, thus :Š I do not forget the position assumed by some, that constitutional questions are to be decided by the Su-preme Court; nor do I deny that such decisions must be binding in any case upon the parties to a suit, as to the object of that suit, while they are also entitled to a very high respect and consideration in all parallel cases by all other departments of the government; and while it is obviously possible that such decision may be erroneous in any given case, still the evil effect following it, being limited to that particular case, with the chance that it may be overruled and never become a precedent for other cases, can better be borne than could the evils of a different practice. At the same time the candid citizen must confess that, if the policy of the government upon vital ques tions affecting the whole people is to be irrevocably fixed by the decisions of the Supreme Court, the in-stant they are made, as in ordinary litigation between parties in personal action, the people will have ceased to be their own rulersŠhaving to that extent practi- History of the Formation of the Constitution, Vol. 2, p. 102, 'Jefferson's Correspondence, Vol. 7, p. 177. 