PrHE sEN-rINEt, OF LIB R.TY. 541 the war between Turkey and Greece in 1897, the war between Spain and Cuba, the war between Spain and the United States, the war between the United States and the Filipinos, and the war between Great Britain and the South African Republic. At the present time several wars are going on and more are threat--tined. Great Britian has not yet conquered the Boers; the United States has not yet conquered the Filipinos; Great Britain is fighting in Ashanti, and the situation in China offers all kinds of complica-tions. The nations are spending over a billion dol-lars a year on their armies and wars:" IT was less than two years agoŠJanuary II, 1899Šthat Czar Nicholas issued his famous rescript for the limitation of the evils of militarism, and on the 18th, of May followed the international conference at the Hague. The uppermost thought was disarmament, or if not that an " understanding," to quote, the words of the Czar's circular, " not to in-crease for a fixed period the present effective of the armed military and naval- forces and at the same time not to increase the budgets, pertaining thereto." The conference was in session over two months, and the chief result of the work was the agreement in favor of arbitration with the establishment of a per-manent court of arbitration. Disarmament entirely failed. But since that time more money has been spent in manufacturing instruments of war than at any other a  corresponding period in the world's history. Even in the United States, through whose efforts the arbitration victory was won, the war expenditures have been vastly increased, until now for all pur-poses they amount to almost a million dollars a day. ŠSaturday Evening Post. .4 .4 WHAT must be the attitude of Christians to-ward the Eastern-question as it appears in China?" asks the Sabbath Recorder. Answering its own ques-tion, the Recorder says: " Manifestly this, first, namely: It must be con-considered without any thought of revenge on our part, and, as far as possible, in the light in which it appears to the Chinaman. If we are to prepare the way for any future triumph of Christianity in that vast empire, which embraces almost one-quarter of the inhabitants of the earth, it must be because at this time the Christian nations shall give evidence that Christianity means more than' the greed of  commerce, and far more than the political aspira-tions of the crowned heads of Europe." If the " future triumph of Christianity" in China is dependent upon the " Christian," nations taking a Christian course from Christian motives, surely there is, small hope for any such " triumph." The so-called " Christian nations " are not Christian, and are not governed by Christian principles. China's only hope is in the decidedly non-Christian' jealousy of the " Christian nations." .4 .4 APPLICATION has been made in New York for a charter for an association, the object of which is: " The bringing into closer relationship the people of the United States and the British Empire by a general strengthening of the political, social, and commercial bonds which unite the ;two countries." The granting of the charter is being opposed on the groundsŠ "That the object of the said Transatlantic So-ciety of America is contrary to the Constitution of the United States and the principles of the founda-tion of the Government of the United States. " That if such charter was granted to the Trans-atlantic Society of America it would legalize acts which would otherwise be treasonable." Inasmuch as treason against the United States consists only " in levying war against them or in giving aid and comfort to their enemies," it does not appear that the object of the association seeking this charter is treasonable, but it is clearly un-American. AN ordinance is before the Chicago city coun-cil prohibiting " the playing of a grind-organ before 9 A. M. or after 7 P. M., or on Sunday at any hour." Just what the object of the ordinance is does not ap-pear. It is said to have the approval of the Chicago Federation of Musicians, and 'doubtless also of the dive-keepers. Hand-organ music is poor enough to be sure, but it is all that a good many people in Chicago have. WANTED Agents to solicit subscriptions to THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. We offer special inducements during the next few weeks. Address the publishers for further information if you will devote a portion of your time to soliciting. But please do not take our time unless you are in earnest. We desire energetic workers and not curious inquirers. International' Religious Liberty Association, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago. 