08. A.MDEIFLICA,N SIENT9PIN11-1.41_,. VOL. 10, No. 33. expressman or drayman to receive or convey or deliver goods on Sunday, but quite right for the railroad companies or steamboats to do the same thing. It is quite right for a man to stand upon the street selling cigars, but wrong,for another man, or for anybody else, to sell a pair of shoe-strings either on the-street or in a store. But enough has been given to illustrate not only the absurdity but the immorality of the so-called Sunday laws. Their purpose is de-clared to be to " protect the sanctity of- the sabbath;-" but their effect is the very opposite or would be were there any sanctity attached to the day which they are intended to safe-guard. Their effect is to turn away the minds of the people from the law of God and center it upon the " law " of the State. They in effect say that the law of God is defective; that its prohibitions are too broad and sweep-ing, and that it must be changed in order to meet the conditions of modern society. And instead of leaving it to the individual con-science, a thousand absurd and inconsistent prohibitions are adopted, arbitrarily prohibit-ing one thing and permitting something else, which is neither more necessary nor more moral; hence the conscience is seared as with a hot iron. The individual, instead of asking, " What does the law of God say ?" inquires only, What does the law of the State say? and the conscience is eased in committing sin if the act done is within the statute. Thus men are taught to look not to the law of God as a moral standard, but to the " law " of the State; the result is that their morals are no more perfect than is the " law " by which they are regulated. There has recently been an effort made in this city to enforce the Sunday statutes. This has been carried so far that some dealers have even been afraid to sell soda-water. Only a few weeks ago general notice was served throughout the city that all business must close. The manager of this office was notified to close up, which, however, he refused to do, and has not as yet been molested; but the end is not yet. Bigotry and fanaticism have not yet exhausted themselves; and the Sunday-law crusade has not run its course. Mayor Strong spent a recent Sunday at Asbury Park, N. J., and while there expressed his determination to enforce the " law, and made special mention of the Sunday statute, which he said would be rigidly enforced; hence interesting devel-opments may be expected in New York City erelong. However, these things only serve to illustrate the absurdity and immorality of Sunday legislation. Ł Ł-ŁŁ  WITHOUT EXCUSE. THE Tribune, of Knoxville, Tenn., is pub-lishdd daily, including Sunday; yet, in its issue of August 7, it says:Š These thirty thousand Adventists want the statutory laws which meet the approval of some twenty millions of Christians in this country changed to suit their views, or amended as to give them the privilege of disregarding Sunday while denying the privilege to all who do not believe as they do. The law compels nobody to observe Sunday religiously. It makes it a legal day of rest, and enables the moral and religious element to devote the day to worship or religious ob-servance undisturbed. We suppose that even the Tribune cannot be held responsible' for what it does not know, as it would be.unfair to so hopelessly load down even a newspaper; but there is no reason why it should not have known that Adventists do not ask " the privilege of disregarding Sunday while denying the privilege to all who no not believe as they dd." In a memorial presented to the legislature of Tennessee last April, the Adventists plainly  said: " We do not ask simply for a clause ex-empting us from the penalties of the law, but for the repeal of the law; because to ask simply an exemption wild be to admit the right of the State to legislate upon such ques-tions, and consent that the legislature might properly require of others that which we are not willing it should exact from us." This thing was not done in a corner, and the Tribune ought to have known the facts before trying to state them. The Tribune continues:Š The law provides the largest religious freedom con-sistent with common sense and good government; it cannot undertake to adjust itself to exactly suit the views of the Adventists whose peculiar ideas lead them into deliberate violation of the law. Then why does not the Tribune obey the " law " ? If the "law " is so good and so just, what possible excuse can the publishers of a newspaper have for violating it, as is done in the Tribune office fifty-two weeks every year? Or are we to understand that it is all right to violate the Sunday " law" for gain, but wrong to violate it for conscience' sake? But the Tribune says that " the Adventist is not compelled to labor on Sunday; he is not compelled to observe it in a religious man-ner; it does not force him to observe Saturday as a religious day; he can devote any day in the week he chooses to religious obserKance or worship, and so can anybody else. Sunday is the accepted sabbath of this country, and the law protects it as a day of rest." Again, the Tribune is discussing questions about which it knows nothing. The Advent-ist is compelled by the law of the Sabbath to labor on Sunday, for only by habitually treat-ing it as a common day can he obey the fourth commandment. But in view of the utterances quoted, what possible excuse can the Tribune have for violating the Sunday statute of the State of Tennessee? THE MAN-MADE SABBATH. THE weakness and imperfection of human handiwork are often apparent enough in mun-dane things, but in the man-made sabbath they attain to such surpassing proportidns as to eclipse all else. How, indeed, could it be otherwise, the Sabbath being a thing that is divine ? The man-made sabbath is the Sunday. This institution must be upheld by force, or it will fall to the ground. But force does not commend itself in such a thing to the upright person. Force is for the wicked, not for the good. It cannot be upheld without force, and it cannot be enforced without working hardship to innocent people. But a sabbath that works hardship upon people, works exactly contrary to the divine purpose of the Sabbath, which is to do people good and not to injure them. Human wisdom and discretion must direct the enforcement of the human sabbath, and these qualities, finite in themselves and often coupled with and controlled by a blind zeal, make it inevitable that the enforcement of the man-made sabbath should often be attended by injustice. Along with the poisonous liquor which should not be drunk on any day, the Sunday law is quite liable in many instances to shut away from poor people some- of the necessaries of life. Cases illustrating this have been evolved from the effort now in progress to enforce the Sunday law in this city. And still greater is the hardship which it brings upon those who,in obedience to God's command, observe the seventh day,Šsubject-ing them to persecution and imprisonment, to say nothing of the financial loss which would result to them from Sunday idleness. Contrast with this man-made sabbath, the  divine institution, " the Sabbath of the Lord," that was made by Him who is infinite, who created man and sustains and ministers to him in all the needs of his human nature, even numbering the hairs of his head. At the close of creation, God rested on the,seventh day and blessed that day, that it might be a blessing to mankind. He made it a day of delight to all who observe it, without a single exception. Upon this point he says, " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable, and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words, then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord, and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father; for the mouth of the Lord bath spoken it." Isa. 58: 13, 14. Here is delight in its highest and most elevating form, and this delight God pledges to every observer of his holy day. There is no hard-ship in the Sabbath of the Lord, but only blessing; for it brings each individual into communion with Him who is infinite in good-ness, in wisdom and in power. God's Sabbath was made for man. Mark 2: 27. This the Saviour said when he rebuked the Pharisees who found fault with his dis-ciples because they plucked and ate the grain as they were passing through the fields on the Sabbath day. The Pharisees had made a sab-bath which was against man, by perverting the divine institution to an agreement with their own human ideas, and loading it with man-made restrictions, by which a . person would be compelled to go hungry on the Sabbath if the least work, such, for example, as that done by the disciples, Were involved in the preparation of his food. To keep the Sabbath as they had made it by their traditions, was an intolerable burden, a mere exhibition of a person's powers of endurance. Parallel with this " Jewish Sabbath," and partaking of the same nature, was the Puritan Sunday, with its austere regulations for the deportment of old and young. This was against man, both in the day which it required to be observed, and in the manner of its observance. God has blessed only the seventh day, and only that day can bring the Sabbath blessing to mankind. Man cannot bless a day or- make it holy or cause it to be a blessing and a delight to those who observe it. This can be done only by the power of God. But while the seventh day has been made a day of special blessing and delight by the act of God, and while he has both the power and the wisdom that enable him to deal impar-tially with every person, he does not force, his Sabbath upon any. He sets it before men and invites them to receive it as a blessing from him, but leaves all free to choose whether they will do so or not. It is left for the man-made sabbath to be thrust upon people by force. Having neither the power nor the wisdom nor the Word of God to give it force, its dependence is only human precepts, human example and enactments. And as human precept and example are found insufficient to give it respect and stability among men, the,  highest power of man is invoked in its sup-port, which is the power of law. But human law cannot change the heart, or touch the hidden springs of love and free will which must be called into action in true Sabbath keeping, as set forth in the Word of God. This completes the picture of human folly which is being exhibited before the world by the misguided people who are working to force Sunday keeping upon their fellowmen by law. Sabbath making and Sabbath enforcing are things altogether beyond the finite wisdom 