AMERICAN SENTINEL. 61 ever since (applause). And there is nothing to show that they ever conveyed to others their title, as first ar-rivals, to the country." " Mockery and Sham." The Independent, Jan. V, 1897. Tan scandal caused by. the protest of the Rev. S. D.  Brownjohn against the confirmation of Bishhop Temple as Archbishop of Canterbury was not so much the scandal of his interruption of the ceremony as it was the scandal and sacrilege of the refusal to hear his pro-test. After full public notice "given to all and singular op-posers" of the election of Dr. Temple as Archbishop to come to St. Mary-le-Bow Church on December 22nd to make their objections, Mr. Brownjohn appeared. The royal mandate was read in the presence of eight bishops commissioned by the Crown to confirm the election, citing all opposers, if any, to appear. Mr. Brownjohn arose and said that he desired to protest against the confirma-tion of Dr. Temple's election because of his belief in doc-trines which the protester believed to be absolutely "in-compatible with fidelity to the teaching of the Book of Common Prayer." Thereupon he was told he could not be heard and that it had long ago been decided that the court had no power to entertain such objection. The Archbishop of York concurred, and the opposer was silenced. The cere-mony went on and the august company was told that the new primate was a prudent and discreet man, emi-nent for his knowledge of the Scriptures and in every way suitable to the po;ition. Then the Apparitor-General proceeded slowly down the. aisle, crying:Š "Oyez! Oyez! All ye and sundry who have any ob-jection to the confirmation of the Rt. Rev. Frederick Temple as Archbishop of Canterbury, come forward and ye shall be heard." Thereupon Mr. Brownjohn arose, and again tried to make his protest; but was again silenced, and told by the Archbishop of York that he could not be heard. Then to cap the absurdity of it all, the Vicar-General denounced as contumacious those who had failed to present their objections:Š "I accuse the contumacy of all and singular, the per-sons as aforesaid cited, intimated, publicly called and not appearing, and I pray them to be pronounced con-tumacious." Now if there can be a greater mockery and sham, any greater scandal and sacrilege in a sacred ceremony than the public citation of objectors to whom a hearing is re-fused, we do not know what it is. "RIGHT is indivisible : we obtain it for ourselves only by elaiming it for others."ŠDe Pressense. Fraudulent Petitions to Congress. BY J. J. GARDINER. IN the village of Mannsville, N. Y., on Sunday, Dec. 27, 1896, the pastor of the Baptist Church, at the close of the service, read the petition for the "Christian Amend-ment" to the Constitution, urging its indorsement, stat-ing that if the vote was a majority, the names of the officers of the church would be placed upon it as repre-senting the membership of the church, which consists ac cording to the pastor's statement of one hundred and sixty members. There was not to exceed fifty of the members present, who were thus called upon to express by vote the wishes of the whole church, to our representatives in Congress. But that is not all; when the vote was taken the writer saw only three who voted in favor of it, although there might have been two or three more whom he did not see. So here we have not to exceed a half dozen persons al-lowed to declare for one hundred and sixty (for there was no dissenting vote) that they are all in favor of its passage! Is not this another expression of the doctrine of the priests in the fourth century that it is right to do evil that good may come? Winona, Jefferson Co., N. Y. -I.- I.- Ł {1 A Remarkable Finding. New Haven Register. JUDGE PRYOR'S refusal to incorporate a Hebrew so-ciety upon the ground that its aim and purposes were calculated to infringe the civil law of New York regard-ing Sunday observance, continues to excite attention and ridicule. The petition, which was made to him, set forth the following as the object: "To promote the strict observ-ance of and adherence to such customs, laws, usages and rites of the orthodox Hebrew religion or faith as are not repugnant to, and inconsistent with, the Constitu-tion and laws Łof the United States and the laws of the State of New York, to improve the condition of the or-thodox Hebrew congregations, and to abolish the now existing religious evils. Judge Pryor refused to sanction the petition because the annual meetings of the society were to be held "on each and every second Sunday in January in each year." This he declared to be an infraction of the civil law, and as a Justice of the Supreme Court, he could not officially approve a meditated infraction of the law. He set forth his views in a long and labored opinion which would have done justice to Judge Gaynor, who has proved his capacity to more peculiar things within a given time than any judge New York has ever had. As an illustration of the,  general character of Judge Pry, or's finding, we quote the following paragraph: " Al- 