12 ATPIE AMERICA.N stroyed. The true safety of the State re-sides in adhering to the principle of sep-aration, and therein also lies the true pros- perity of religion. But, as a matter of policy, the State must not yield an iota in the direction desired by ourŁ Catholic friends. For if Catholics may have their share of public money for religious uses, why not the Episcopalians ? Why not the Baptists ? Why not each of the two hundred different sects and factions ? Thus the whole school fund might be frittered away. And then what would become of the infidels, the atheists, the non-church-goers ? In short, what would be left of our free-school system ? Instead of yielding a single step already gained toward the absolute separation of Church and State, it would be infinitely better for both civil government and re- ligion to advance a step onward and tax all church properties. In the plea made by our Catholic friends then that it is "unfair " and " unjust " that they should be taxed to support the public schools, while they tax themselves to maintain their parochial schools, the fallacy is apparent. The parochial schools are for religious purposes. That settles the whole question, for the State has nothing to do with religion, except to protect every one in the free exorcise thereof. If the Catholic Church feels that she cannot preserve her youth in the faith, except by seven days' teaching in the week, she is perfectly free thus to teach. No one can criticise her action in the matter. But she cannot justly in-voke the aid of the State to help her. When the State taxes people for the sup-port of religion then. the Catholic Church may claim her full share. When the State employs religious teachers in her penal institutions then the Catholics in them are justly entitled to ministers of their own. faith. They ought not, in justice, to be compelled to attend Prot-estant services. But when the State does not attempt religious education it would be gross injustice for her to discriminate in favor of Catholic schools, or of those of any other religious body. Every ob-jectionable text book or teacher in the schools should be removed, and the schools put upon an absolutely unsectarian basis. Thus when the State treats all alike there can be no just cry of a lack of fairness toward any.ŠRev. W. W. Boyd (Baptist);  Newark, N. J. Statutory Orthography. NOT only has Mr. Lawler, of Chicago, introduced a bill providing for the adop-tion of ignorant spelling in the printing of public documents, but the House Commit--tee on Printing is actually to give a hear-ing on the proposition. Congress is going into the business of overlooking American citizens with a vengeance. What.  with Blair, Lawler and others like them, we are in a fair way of being brought up by hand, and in a session or two we shall doubtless have bills intro-duced regulating the corned-beef hash of the breakfast table, as to whether it shall be browned or moist; the composition of  our bean soup, the amusements in which we shall indulge and the religious exer- cises in which we shall engage. Bringing up by hand is an ancient rite usually very disagreeable to the brought-up. There was once a young gentleman named Pip, whose sister brought him up by hand, and the result was that the vic-tim became heir to a convict. There are hands and hands, and on the whole we think that the Congressional hand is worse than Pip's sister's. We want none of it, and especially we want the Anglo-Saxon tongue .left to itself, untouched by Lawler or his colleagues.. We want to be periliated to spell in the old, hard way, when spelling must be either right or wrong. We do not want Congre:,-s to make every man his own speller, even if the device should cover up a good deal of legislative ignorance.ŠNew York World. A Blow at Free Institutions. ANOTHER move has been made. upon Congress to secure the passage of what is euphemistically styled the " Sunday-rest bill." Petitions are being cooked up in many portions of the country with the same fat31 facility that has characterized such deceptive devices recently in this city, and a number of them have already reached the capital, which purport to voice public sentiment. This is the most insidious and dangerous attempt yet made to entangle the Government with religion, and should meet the prompt condem-nation of patriotic citizens, be they Chris-tians or the reverse. The fathers of the republic knew very well what they were doing when they framed the Constitution. Their decision upon this matter was the result of the ripest wisdom, based not only upon the bitterest experience the world has ever known, but upon the ex-press words of ChristŠ" Render, there-fore, unto Caesar the things which are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's." They saw stretching out behind them a long line of uninterrupted prec-edents establishing incontestably the fact that the union of Church and State, or the interference of either with the other, was ruinous to both, and that the zealot or the hair-brained politician needed but the frailest foundation upon which to build a calamitous superstructure of inter-ference, so they omitted all reference to religion. The two things are in their nature dis-tinct, and their separation should be rigidly maintained for the good of both. Civil government is instituted for man's convenience on earth, while religion pro-vides for his needs in another sphere of existence. The one is intended to facili-tate man's intercourse with his fellow-men, the other to teach him his relations to the Almighty. The advocates of this innovation say that the better Christian a man is the better citizen he will be. This proves nothing.. On the same plea the Government should regulate a man's food and, his wearing apparel, his domes-tic relations and his business affairs, for all contribute to good or had citizenship. So far as is known at present, the best government is that which insures the greatest freedom of action to the individ-ual, consistent with the rights and com-fort of all, and as the Government of the United States does that it- is the best on the face of the earthŠnay, it is the model to which the oppressed peoples of the world look with hope and hasten to adopt as the shackles are stricken. from them. No single feature of it is so admirable or has been such a power for good as this rigid separation of Church and State, which gives to every citizen the absolute control of his own conscience and the right to worship God as he pleases, and on what-ever day of the week he believes to be the proper one. Considered from a secular standpoint, the mingling of Church and State, of which the Sunday-rest bill would inevitably be the entering wedge, is ob-jectionableŠfirst, because it is an unwar-rantable interference with the liberty of the citizen, and secondly, because in every country and in-  every age where the foun-dation has been laid the church has en-croached upon its privileges until the State has been forced to take steps for its preservation. From a religious point of view, the union of the two in any form is, if pos-sible, still more objectionable. Religion exhibits to-day a more vigorous and healthy growth in the United States than in any other country on the civilized globe, obviously because here it is free as the air we breathe, untrammeled by statutes or the coercive and life-crushing power of civil authority. There is really no comparison between the religious vi-tality of our own people and that of the most advanced nation in Europe. So pal-pable is this that it has compelled acknowl-edgement from the highest ecclesiastical dignitaries, and the most progressive countries are imitating our example by severing as fast as possible the links which bind Church. and State together. Com-petition, so far from being disastrous, has been a healthy stimulus to all sects and denominations, and has given that impetus to free and full discussion of re-ligious subjects, without which nine-tenths of those who clung to the Church in the past did so in name only, without clear ideas of their duties to their Maker, or any sincere inclination to perform them. Nothing could be more detrimental, to the cause of religion than the passage of the Sunday-rest. bill. Many thousands of Christians are opposed to it on purely re-ligious grounds, and millions of sincerely pious men oppose it because of the blow it aims at American institutions,ŠBalli-more America/a, 