.132 - AMCIF2.1LZI C A,N TLTN VoL. 10, No. 17. 5. They do not complain. On the con-trary, the walls of their prisons echo with prayers to God for their persecutors. The SENTINEL has repeatedly said that the publi-cation of these persecutions was not to create sympathy for the persecuted, hut to save the people from ignorantly fighting against God. Our position is summed up in these words of the " Lord of the Sabbath ": " Offenses will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come." 6. Is it falsely ? We are prosecuted for violating the Sabbath by laboring on the first day of the week. Are we guilty ? Is the first day of the week the Sabbath ? Let the Lord answer: " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20 : 9, 10. " When the Sabbath was past, . . . very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the ris-ing of the sun." Mark 16 : 1, 2. And now, is the Sabbath the first day of the week, or the day be-fore the first day of the week ? The seventh-day observers in Tennessee believe the Bible and keep the Sabbath, the seventh day, and labor on the "six working days" (Eze. 46: 1), be-cause of which they are accused of breaking the Lord's Sabbath. Come now, Brother Harney, with the Bible open before you, we ask in all candor, are they accused truthfully or falsely ? 7. The law requiring the three Hebrews to worship the golden image did not forbid them to worship the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob; but only that they worship the image also. It is true that the Sunday law does not forbid seventh-day keepers to worship the Lord of the Sabbath by worshiping him on the seventh day, but only asks that all men worship the government also by obeying the law enforcing the observance of the " holy Sab-bath of America." " Ye cannot serve two masters," says the Lord, and so the Seventh-day Adventist cannot worship God and a gov-ernment in conflict with God. 8. We call it the first day because God calls it the first day. Matt. 28: 1; Mark 16: 1; Luke 23: 56 and 24: 1. 9. Their " rebellion " is of the same char-acter as that of Daniel, the three Hebrews, Peter and John, Paul and Silas, and the Chris-tian martyrs of succeeding centuries. 10. The government has interfered with their way of thinking. Their way of thinking is that they ought not to treat one of God's " six working days" as they treat his holy rest day, but the law says they must treat the " holy Sabbath of America" with the same outward reverence with which they treat the " holy " " Sabbath of the Lord." 11. It is true that Jesus at his trial re-mained silent amid the false accusations of his enemies, but it is also true that he told his followers, "When they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say: for the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say." Luke 12:11, '12. The persecuted Seventh-day Adventists follow this instruction, and in fulfillment of his promise the Lord is giving them on such oc-casions " a mouth and wisdom " which all their adversaries are not able " to gainsay nor resist." Luke 21: 15. 12. This was said of "the Scribes and Pharisees who sit in Moses' seat." But nei-ther Moses Harney nor yet " this American nation" can prove that they are entitled to sit in Moses' seat. God has brought to an end the theocracy of Israel, and all attempts to revive it " until he come, whose right it is," is a, usurpation of the prerogative of God and is anti-Christian. 13. A righteous nation will not enact a law which attempts to compel men to violate God's standard of righteousness. Ps. 119: 172. 14. They do not " imagine " that they should observe another day; they know that they ought, for the Lord plainly commands them to observe another day. 15. The law of King Nebuchadnezzar did not say you must not ,worship your God, but only said you must worship ours. If our cor-respondent is correct, the Baptists, should they get the power in some States, would have the right to immerse all, the people who had not been immersed, and when Methodists and others objected they could quietly reply: "We don't object to your being sprinkled, but you must be immersed also, for that is our bap-tism." 16. Our correspondent suggests that Sev-enth-day Adventists flee to some country where they would not be persecuted. But to what country can they flee? Brother Harney is in favor of driving us out of the " land of the free" because we will not submit the keeping of our consciences to him and other like-minded men; but he knows there is no other earthly country to which we can flee. The oppressed of all other countries have in the past been fleeing to this; therefore an order to leave this country is simply a command to " get off the earth:. But now that Brother Harney advises us to move to another country, we will inform him that we are preparing to go. We have known for a long time that the spirit of persecution would become so bitter in this country that those who refused to " worship the beast (the papacy), and his image (the " land of the free" transformed by a union of Church and State into a persecuting power like. the papacy) and receive his mark" (the Sunday-Sabbath) by obeying the Sunday lawsŠwould have to Move to "a better country that is, an heavenly." Rev. 14: 9-16. These persecutions indicate that that time is not far distant, and we are getting ready to go and trying to get Brother Harney and as many others as we can to get ready too. Those who are ready to meet the Lord when he comes for us as he has promised (John 14: 3) are described as " they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14 : 12. A FEARFUL ARRAIGNMENT. IN 1885, Pope Leo XIII. admonished Cath-olics " to take an active part in all municipal affairs and elections," and " make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life," and " penetrate wherever possible in the ad-ministration of civil affairs," etc. Probably no command of the pope has ever been more faithfully obeyed. Our large cities have been practically controlled by the Roman Catholic Church. The fruits of this control in New York City have recently been exposed to the horror of all good men. It seems that the situation no better in St. Louis. The fol- lowing is an editorial description of Roman Catholic misrule in that city from the Western Watchman, a Roman Catholic paper. It is a terrible arraignment of Roman Catholic mis-rule, but as it is from the pen of an Irish Catholic, it cannot be attributed to racial prej-udice. Let it be read with the recent utter-ance of the pope in mind, that the American Republic should grant to the Catholic Church " the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority : "Š We Don't Care. The legislature of Nebraska has just enacted a law that places in the hands of an A. P. A. commission the power to remove all the Catholics from the public service in the city of Omaha. The law is especially directed against the Irish on the police force of that city. We don't know who those Irish are on the police  force of Omaha; but if they are no better than the Irish on our police force we don't care a rap how soon they go. In Chicago and St. Louis the Democratic tickets were unmercifully beaten on last Tuesday. Those tickets were loaded down with Irish saloon keepers and tough Irish politicians; and we hope they will never be brought to the surface again. If the A. P. A. do nothing but clear the police force of our big cities of Irish uniformed brutes who never go to mass, and keep out of boodle city councils lazy and rascally Irish rumsellers, they will have our blessing, and the blessing of all the decent Catholics in the country. Did anyone ever see such a ticket as was presented to the Democrats of this city on last Tuesday Saloon-keepers until you could not see; sandwiched here and there between a notorious boodler or a ward bummer. Nearly the entire ticket for the lower house was made up. of Catholics in name. Many of them never felt the touch of holy water since they were baptized. The party organization is wholly to blame for such a ticket. The central committee men are bums and they bring bums to the front at nominating conventions. The ticket was the work of the Democratic Central Com-mittee and it was worthy of its originator. We have a word of advice to give our Irish saloon keepers, and that is to keep closely to their beer kegs and never be tempted to run for office again. Ł . . What makes the desire for petty offices so general among a certain class of Irish ? Why are they so . anxious to get into the House of Delegates ? It is be-cause of the opportunities of boodle there are in that body. Our petty Irish politicians are the most dis-honest set of boodlers outside of a State prison. They don't scruple it. One of the cleverest Catholics we ever met, a man who has a brother a priest, was elected to the council years ago through the efforts of friends who really desired to improve the personnel of that body. He turned out the leader of a band of robbers who held up every man, friend or foe, who had a favor to ask of the city, and now holds an office in a corporation created by his dishonesty. We know many Catholics who go to the sacraments who regard boodle as legitimate gain, as honest as catching catfish in the Mississippi River. Leo XIII. calls on all Cath-olics to aid the State by promoting all schemes of pub-lic morality. They can best accomplish this Łby be-coming honest themselves. There is no honesty in our public and political life in the United States. Our great corporations are controlled by robbers. The acts of our national legislature are tainted by dishonesty and corruption. Trade knows'no law but "get there. ' If the Church fails to -impress upon her children the supreme duty of justice, this country will soon become one vast den of thieves. It is evident that the " church" has failed, and yet with this terrible failure before the face and eyes of all men, this same church is arrogantly claiming that there is "no cham-pion -that can save social order outside the Catholic Church." A DANGEROUS DEMAND. THE Christian Statesman publishes, with special commendation, a string of resolutions by a "Sabbath convention" held at Altoona, Pa., in which it is desired that the Constitu-tion of the United States be amended so as, among other things, to acknowledge " Christ as the nation's Sovereign, Lord, and King." This no doubt sounds well to many who do not stop to consider its full import. Christ himself said that his kingdom was not of this world, but too many of his professed followers have been unwilling to take him at his word and have set themselves up, or have been set up by other men, as authoritative interpreters of his will, and as empowered to enforce the same; in consequence of which the blood of innocent thousands, murdered in the name of religion, like Bruno at Rome and Michael Servetus burned at the stake under John Calvin's rule at Geneva, cries out to God and humanity to put an end',  :forever to any legal or constitutional enactments or systems which put it in the power of any man or set of men to punish their fellow-men for differences of religious opinion or practice. The acknowledgment, by each individual, of.  Christ as the individual's teacher and mas-ter, is well and good, but the constitutional statement that he is " the nation's Sovereign, Lord, and King " would at once bring to light the necessity of some earthly representative, vicegerent, vicar, delegate, deputy, or what- 