AMERICAN SENTINEL. 235 "has almost as little justification in the teachings of Christ and the apostles as the itinerancy of the clergy, or the Catholic doctrine of confession and absolution." Doctor A. S Hobart said that if Baptists give up tradition as a source of authority they must give up wor-ship on Sunday, to begin with. Here is a representative sentence from Dr. Hobart: "I tell you, you may stand up in any pulpit in the land and quote the Bible, and it wont make anyimpression at all toward changing the practice of the church, for they would say grandpa did it that way, and it is good enough for us." These men told the truth. Sunday has no ground except tradition. I. lb 4 Let Them Be "Non-Sectarian." THE Roman Catholics, it is said, are calling for more Catholic chaplains in the navy. There are in the navy twenty-four chaplains, and only three of these are Roman Catholics. We believe the proportion is not far different in the army. The Presbyterian Synod in Pennsylvania are peti-tioning Congress for an increase of military chaplains. Do they want an increase of Catholic chaplains? This can hardly be. Yet it would seem that the Catholics can reasonably claim to be favored in this respect, if any in-crease is to be made at all. Is there no preference among other denominations as regards the particular religious source from which such an increase shall be made? Are the Presbyterians willing that the new chaplains shall be all Episcopalians, or Methodists, or Catholics, or Bap-tists? These are questions that should be considered be-fore Congress is asked to increase the number. The Catholics, it is said, in this instance are trying to make capital out of the services rendered by the Cath-olic chaplain on the "Maine" on the occasion of the great disaster in Havana harbor. Other denominations frown on this action, but it rests upon just as good prin-ciple as does the appointment of chaplains by the Gov-ernment at all. We would suggest that if any increase is to be made, as prayed for by the Catholics and the Presbyterians, in order to avoid stirring up denominational strife, such chaplains be chosen as are strictly "nonsectarian" ! The Observance of Easter. A DISCREPANCY IN COMPUTING THE DATE. "Tax observance of Easter dates back to about the year 68, at which time there was much contention among the Eastern and Western churches as to what day the festival should be observed. It was finally ordained at the Council of Nice in the year 325 that it must be ob-served throughout the Christian world on the same day. This decision settled that Easter should be kept upon the Sunday first after the fourteenth day of the first Jewish month, but no general conclusion was arrived at as to  the cycle by which the festival was to be regulated, and some churches adopted one rule and some another. This diversity of usage was put an end to, and the Roman rule making Easter the first Sunday after the fourteenth day of the calendar moon was established in England in 669. After nine centuries a discrepancy in the keeping of Easter was caused by the authorities of the English Church de-clining to adopt the reformation of the Gregorian calen-dar in 1582. The difference was settled in 1752 by the adoption of the rule which makes Easter day always the first Sunday after the full moonwhich appears on or next after the twenty-first day of March. If the full moon happens upon a Sunday, Easter is the Sunday after."ŠApril Ladies' Home Journal. Sunday Crusade in Kansas City, Mo. "Chicago Inter-Ocean." KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 22.ŠThe ministers of Kan-sas City, under the leadership of Dr. W. A. Quayle, of the Independence Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church, have declared war on Sunday baseball and theaters, and prom-ise to have both abolished within a few weeks. The first move was the circulation of a petition to the city council asking for a stringent Sunday ordinance, and this will be followed by bringing every possible influence to bear to-ward the passage of such an ordinance. It is hoped to induce the Civic federation to take the matter up. "We do not want to boss the city, and do not think regulat-ing the government is the mission of the church," said Dr. Quayle to-day. "Sunday theaters and baseball have been abolished in New York, Buffalo, and Indianapolis, among other places, and Easterners are shocked and scandalized when they come out here and find everything open." ROMAN CATHOLICS of Corning, N. Y., are incensed by a decision received from Superintendent of Public Instruc-tion Skinner, prohibiting the Sisters of Mercy in St. Mary's School, which is one of the public schools, from wearing their religious garb during school hours. There can be no reason why a religious garb should be worn by instructors in the public schools. The desire for such a thing can be prompted only by a desire to utilize the pub-lic schools for sectarian purposes. THE Bishop of London recently expressed his mind on the point of the propriety of the term ŁThristian" as applied to nations and countries. He said:Š "There is no Christian country in the world. Because a certain number of persons are Christians, it does not follow that the country deserves the title. England is not a Christian country." There is scarcely anything better calculated to lower Christianity in the eyes of the world than the idea that the nations of earth, with all their quarreling and greedi-ness, and their expenditure of time and money in getting ready to fight each other, are Christian. 