Ł \ \ \\S Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.-1,zomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 1'7, 1889. NUMBER 13. T12e An2eFical2 SeMel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., Naw YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO SW., OAKLAND, CAL. E. S. WAGGONER,  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T.,JONES SOMEONE in Pennsylvania writes thus briefly to us: "You will greatly oblige me if you will keep the SENTINEL 011 the Pacific Coast.ﬂ This person is modest. He doesn't want to control the earth, but only that part of the United States, east of the Rocky Mountains. We cannot oblige him, because there are too many thousands of people east of the mountains who want the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL to come to them. THE Key West (Florida) Democrat says that "what is now agitating the average Key West store keeper, to the exclusion of other matters, is the proposed enforcement of the Sunday law." It adds : " Without being fanatical upon the sub-ject, we would unequivocally say that we are in favor of its enforcement without fear or favor," and says that the sheriff of the county pledges himself to enforce the law, and that the mayor and the marshal are also pledged to it. Thus we see that the Sunday question is coming to the front in all sections. Ł 4* A FRIEND in Chicago writes as follows in a personal letter to the editor of the SENTINEL:Š "There cannot be too much vigilance or too much sounding forth of danger. I am told by a `high-school girl that sixty-five teachers have been removed in this city within a few months, who were Protestants, and that sixty Catholics were among the teachers put in their places. If the Protestants try to manage schools on a religious basis, they will find themselves outwitted as well as outnumbered (in large cities) by the Romanist element. Yours for Americanism and undefiled religion." THE Tombstone (Arizona) Epitaph of March 9 says of the Sunday bill, which we have else-where mentioned :Š "The Sunday-Rest bill has been laid to sleep for two years at least. The vote making the bill the special order for the evening was considered, and the bill passed in the council some days since was taken up in the House this afternoon, and killed by a vote of fourteen to ,nine. There were but few persons in the lobby at the time the bill was de-feated, but the news spread rapidly through the town and was the general topic of conversation. It is generally understood that the Governor would have vetoed the bill had it passed." THE Omaha Daily Bee of March 17 contains an article by Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, on Sunday newspapers and amusements, the closing paragraphs of which are exceedingly pointed, as will be seen from the following reprint of them :Š "I cannot see that setting type in order to pro-vide some intellectual pabulum for a community is more of a desecration of the Sabbath than setting tables and cooking food for the family. To be consistent, those who insist on Sunday being a day of rest, should make it a season of fasting and self-denial for themselves, and of freedom for their wives and servants from all manual labor. The dinner should be cooked on Saturday and served cold on Sunday with primitive simplicity. But the clergy as a class (to say nothing of most of the sons of Adam), are proverbial for their love of good eating, hence we hear very little from the pulpit as to the sin of good dinners on the 'Lord's day. "According to what system of morals is it more sinful for Patrick to set type and read his paper, than for Bridget to cook a turkey and plum pud-ding and read nothing on Sunday?" Is This "the Breath of the Puritan"? THE Western Christian Union is the name of a paper that is published weekly in the city of Oakland. We are thus explicit because, from what we shall quote from it, some might think that it is published in some remote portion of the world, where Christianity has not yet penetrated. Not only is it published in "the Athens of the Pacific Coast," but its editor is the Rev. G. W. Bothwell, D. D., pastor of the Second Congrega-tionalist Church of Oakland. In his issue of March 22 the editor has a diatribe against the Adventists for the work which they did in secur-ing signatures to the petitions against religious legislation by Congress, though we cannot see why he should level all his guns at the Advent-ists, since men of every denomination and pro-fession signed that petition, and worked for it. After saying that if the Blair Sunday-Rest bill should become a law, " it will be the formulated sentiments of nine-tenths of all the evangelical churches of the country," thus admitting that it is wholly a religious bill, he proceeds thus:Š "Against these majorities, constituted as they are, why are our Adventist friends continuously protesting? We are weary of Ishmaelitism in theology and upon questions of public morals. The methods employed in securing many of the 31,000 names of alleged citizens of California, re-cently presented in Congress, were not creditable to any people calling themselves religious. We refer to their practice of button-holing unsuspect-ing citizens in the railroad waiting-rooms, and on the street cornersŠnot a few of whom were wholly unfamiliar with the question, and of inducing them to sign a narrow, sectarian protest, under the spe-cious plea that the Constitution of the United States  was threatened. We had entertained a high opin-ion of this people until we were forced to observe how they secured signatures to their recent peti-tion." Well, we are glad that lie bears testimony to the fact that people were button-holed before they signed the petition against religious legisla-tion. He has been forced to observe the meth-ods employed by those who canvassed for signa-tures. He is sure that they actually got near enough to the men whose names appear on it to button-hole them. And over 31,000Šabout 10,000 moreŠhave been thus approached. Yet Mr. Bothwell is not pleased. Indeed, he feels very much grieved over the course taken. Why? Was it because he thinks the canvassers were too painstaking? No; he is grieved and indignant and angry to think that the canvassers should act-ually button-hole unsuspecting persons, and ask them to sign the petition. Doubtless he would have had them send a postal card to every person a week beforehand, informing them that on such a day they would be pleased to meet them to confer about the propriety of asking Congress not to pass a law enforcing religious observances. Then, no doubt, he would have had a crier pre-cede each canvasser, and announce his mission, so that no "unsuspecting citizens" could possibly be approached. But if he would have had all this precaution taken in securing signatures; if he feels so indig-nant at the thought that men were actually but-ton-holed without previous warning, who can pict-ure what his feelings must be at the thought that of the 14,437,744 alleged petitioners for a national Sunday law, only 407 had any opportunity to be button-holed about it? It has been sometime since we exposed the iniquitous scheme by which the friends of the Blair Sunday bill sought to make Congress believe that public sentiment was overwhelmingly in favor of their measure, there-fore we show it up again in another part of this paper, with a few points that were not previously noticed. Please turn and read that before you read further, and think that a man who has no word of condemnation or apology for such a course, says that it was disreputable to go to men in person and ask them to read the petition and sign it. What is the ground of his objection ? Simply this, that so many bona fide signatures have been obtained to the protest. As what fol-lows will show, he thinks it outrageous that any should dare protest against being ruled by a few self-constituted religious leaders. Passing by more of the same unto guid sort we come to the following, which carries with it far more than the breath of the Puritan ; it is the breath of the Inquisition:Š " Most of the States make provision for the ex-ercise of the peculiar tenets of belief which are en-tertained by the Adventists. They can worship on 