FEBRUARY 14, 1895. A.INYMIELICA.N 51 of the Chartered Company in waging the war :Š Just study my dear, the records here of the mighty deeds we've done, The'hundreds en masse mowed down like grass, to our English loss of one. Then loot, loot, loot, as we stab and shoot, 'mid the shrieks of the naked foe, When murder and greed on the fallen feed, up, up, my stock must go. And the best of the lark, you'll be pleased to mark, is the counter-jumper's cry, A s he clutches his shares, and shrieks his prayers, to the Jingo god on high. With Bible and gun the game is won, at home and over the sea, Now I've turned myself, in the reign of the Guelph, to a Chartered Companie. Nor did the iniquity cease with the carnage. Had that been the end of it, we might dismiss it as due to the heat of hu-man passion, and quite apart from human greed; but after events show that so-called Christian menŠmen standing high in the councils of a "Christian" government, and by that government clothed with plenary authorityŠdeliberately reduced to abject poverty and to virtual slavery a whole people, by robbing them at once of both their lands and their cattle. Elder S. N. Haskell, a missionary writing from Mata- beleland to the Advent Review and Sabbath Herald, says:Š The Chartered Company that conquered the Mata-beles in the late war, claim their cattle as well as their land to pay expenses. The cunning Matabeles, how-ever, have secreted many thousand head in the bush, which from time to time are found and sold by the Chartered Company. And this was done, not by heathen Japanese in the excitement of war and smarting under indignities done to their fellow-soldiers, but done deliberately by "Christian" men, the representatives of a "Christian" government, professedly in the interests of so-called Christian civilization. Truly there is little in a name; and with "Christians" persecuting Christians in America, in Europe, and in Australia, with Greek "Christians" massacring Ro-man Catholic "Christians" in Russia, as was done only a year or two ago; and with "Christian" soldiers of a "Christian" power slaughtering helpless natives in Africa and robbing them of all their liv-ing; we can only stand in silence and con-template the massacre of Chinese by Japanese, and the massacre of Armenians by Turks, and realize that after all it is not the name that makes men Christians indeed, but having Christ formed within; and that without this, to wear the name or to give it to this or to that system that obtains in lands where the gospel is preached, is only to bring reproach upon the name of Christ And to put him to an open shame. Sunday Arrests in New York City. SUNDAY, February 3, forty-seven men were arrested in this city for violation of the Sunday law, their offense being play-ing billiards or being present in a room where such a game was in progress. All the arrests were made in two billiard rooms on Broadway. The games were being conducted in a quiet manner, and it is not charged that the places are in any serŠir disorderly resorts, or that liquor is sold: them contrary to law; the only offen,=  charged being violation of the Sunday The irrests were made on the complaint of a man who refused to give his name, and who merely told the sergeant at the station-house that the Sunday law was  being violated at the two rooms men-tioned. When the forty-seven men were ar-raigned in the police court on Monday, Justice Taintor discharged all but the two proprietors of the two billiard rooms, holding that as the other prisoners had been arrested under the section of the code against disturbing the .peace on Sunday, and there was no evidence to that effect, there was nothing to do but discharge them. The two proprietors were bound over to answer in the special sessions for keeping their rooms open on Sunday, and their attorney declared that he would carry the case into the highest courts if satisfaction was not received in special sessions. The arrests have created quite a sensa-tion, as billiard rooms have not previously been interfered with on Sunday. The World of Tuesday says editorially :Š A Sunday-Law Outrage. A number of persons were arrested on Sunday, in this city, for playing billiards. The arrest was possi-bly, though doubtfully, in accordance with the letter of a puritanical statute, but it was none the less an outrageous invasion of personal liberty. It is not pretended that these people were disturb-ing the peace in any way or that their private indul-gence in a harmless game of skill injures or could possibly injure anybody. It is even doubtful whether their play was in fact a violation of any law. Section 265 of the Penal Code, under which the arrest was made, prohibits "shooting, hunting, fishing, playing, horse-racing, gambling, or other public sports." It is a bad law, an unjust, unequal, oppressive law, a law in restraint of reasonable liberty, but it is very doubt-ful indeed whether it covers the quiet playing of a game of billiards in an orderly billiard hall. Whether it does or not it is a law that ought to be repealed. It is not the business of an American State to prescribe or enforce religious observances or to regulate them in any way except to protect every cit-izen in his right to do as he pleases respecting them. All laws to enforce the Sabbatarian observance of Sunday are violative of the fundamental idea of Amer-ican institutions. They invade that liberty of con-science which lies at the very root of our system. Yet curiously enough in our Penal Code they are grouped together, as if in irony, under the title, "Crimes Against Religious Liberty and Conscience." Again, the same paper remarks :Š It is remarkable but unfortunately not extraordi-nary, that in a city like New York, a police sergeant on the complaint of somebody or anybody, can have fifteen or twenty respectable and orderly citizens dragged through the streets as criminals and law-breakers. Could the Russian police show any greater disregard of the unalienable right every inoffensive person has to freedom from police violence ? The Evening World, of the 4th inst., characterized the action of the police as " disorderly," and says :Š It has long been the custom of billiard-room propri-etors to keep their places open for Sunday players. Yesterday the police raided the establishments run by Maurice Daly, at Broadway and Thirty-first street, and George Slosson, at Broadway and Twenty-second street, at an early hour of the evening, and marched forty-five prisoners, players, spectators and employ&, guarded by about sixty policemen, through the streets to the station-house. They were all bailed out after a brief detention, their bondsmen being Daly and Slosson, the proprietors of the raided rooms. Without reference to the question of Sunday bill-iard-playing, which is prohibited by the Penal Code, it certainly seems to have been quite unnecessary, and by no means in good judgment to have made such a raid. It was well known to the police that the pro-prietors have been in the habit of opening their rooms on Sundays, and a notification to them that it would not be allowed as being against the law would have remedied the evil without any scandalous public ex-hibition. The scene was disgraceful to the city and caused more riotous demonstration in the streets and more disturbance of the peace than would have been occa-sioned by Sunday billiards hi years. The Recorder remarks that " Sunday billiard-playing is not yet a felony under the law," and adds that " it is proba-bly owing to somebody's forgetfulness." .Doubtless there are not wanting those  who will endeavor to have this " defect " in the law corrected, now that attention has been called to it. If " the venerable day of the Sun," honored alike by pagans, papists and misguided Protestants, is not effectually protected by civil law, it will not be the fault of the modern "reformer." New York's reform mayor, who has declared himself in favor of Sunday liquor selling, is credited with saying that he is opposed to Sunday billiards. "The best clubs in the city," says his honor, " veil their pool tables -on Sunday." But the members drink their liquor just the same; for this reason the mayor thinks the saloons ought to be permitted to sell at certain hours, so that rich and poor may be on an equal footing before the law. But to play billiards on Sunday one must be able to own his own table! We are not billiard players, but we can see neither good morals nor good sense in such views, nor yet in such arrests. Billiards can be prohibited on Sunday more than on other days only out of deference to the religious character of the day, and with that the State has of rightabsolutely nothing to do. A Very Suggestive Movement. THE following article from the Sun of this city, January 18, 1895, is self-explan-atory as to the movement and the purpose thereof which it outlines:Š ARMS FOR SCHOOL-BOYS. Forty-seven Governors Agree with Lafayette Post. Military Drill In Schools and Colleges to be Recommended in Messages to Legisla-turesŠA Big Conference Coming. Having got the American flag raised over nearly every public school-house in the country, Lafayette Post, G. A. R., of this city is at work with enthusiasm and determination to build up beneath those flags something which shall sustain them in all stress under all circumstances, and against all opposition. They promise to create this sustaining force through military instruction in the schools. The widespreading increase of this movement started by Lafayette Post, has been little less than amazing. It would be wholly so if the sentiment in-voked were anything else than patriotism. At a lunch given at the Lawyers' Club yesterday for the discussion of certain features of the movement, Post Commander Henry H. Adams displayed letters from the Governors of forty-seven States and Terri-tories expressing not only sympathy with the objects of the movement, but urgently requesting more par-ticulars concerning the means whereby it is proposed to secure military instruction in schools and colleges. In at least half the letters the governors writing had asked for immediate additional data for the purpose of submitting them to the legislative bodies of the various States now in session. The movement is to have a national boom on the 25th of this month, when three important events re-lating to it will take place in this city. At 1 o'clock in the afternoon of that day, the governors of New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, and probably of Massachusetts; six ex-governors, Gen. Miles, and probably ex-President Harrison, will meet in conference in the Hotel New Netherland to consult with a committee of Lafayette Post on the subject. The conference will have the legal advice of Joseph H. Choate and Chauncey M. Depew as to what legislation, national, State and municipal, should be advised to bring about the general instruction it is aimed to se-cure in public schools, State colleges, and universities under State and Federal supervision. At half-past four o'clock the conference will adjourn, and its members will be driven in carriages to the Seventh Regiment Armory, where several battalions of school- children, who are receiving military instruction in our public schools, will be drilled for the purpose of giving to the visitors from other States a demonstra-tion of the degree of excellence in drills public school-children are capable of acquiring. The kind of marching the visitors will see was thus commented on by ex-President Harrison :Š "Iii the Centennial parades in New -York, in April, 