236 VoL. 9, No. 30. enjoining the abandonment of the seventh-day Sab-bath and its observance upon the first day of the week. Leaflet No. 3, published by the Sabbath Observance Department of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, edited by Mrs. J. C. Bateham, who is superintendent of that department, and is also one of the editors of the Christian Statesman, has this :-- Question 6. -If Jesus wished the day changed, why did he not command it ? Answer-A command to celebrate the resurrection could not wisely be made before the resurrection occurred. He (probably ! !) gave his own disciples such direction afterwards, when speaking of things pertaining to the kingdom." Rev. G-80. S. Mott, D. D acting pres-ident of the American Sabbath Union (which was organized and is cooperated in by fourteen of the leading denomina-tions of the United States), speaking in the organ of that association (Pearl of Days Leaflet, No. 3), very aptly describes the predicament they all would be in if they followed the Protestant rule, "the Bible only," in the matter of evidence for Sunday keeping: thus giving up the argu-ment to the Catholic Church. He says:- Our opponents declare, " We are not satisf d with inferences and suppositions: show us where the first day is spoken of as holy, or as being observed instead of the seventh; we must have a direct and positive command of God." We admit there is no such com-mand. But if we are to be limited by such a demand, all of us shall soon find ourselves in a very entangling predicament. Yes, an entangling predicament, indeed, for you all: for if you remained true Prot-estants, following " the Bible only," and continuing to forsake and protest against the traditions and errors of the Catholic Church, until the Reformation was com-plete, loyalty to God's word would lead you to forsake that institution of the Catholic Church and keep the only Sab-bath commanded in the Bible. Does not the Mirror well say that " reason and common sense demand the acceptance of one or the other of these alternatives; either Protestantism and keeping holy of Saturday, or Catholicity and the keeping of Sunday. Compromise is impossible." " Then came to Jesus scribes and Phar-isees, which were of Jerusalem, saying, Why do thy disciples transgress the tradi-tion of the elders ? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread. But he an-swered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition ? . . . Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition. . . . But in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. Matt. 15:1-9. ISAAC MORRISON. Catholic Schools in Nashville. IT has recently been discovered that all of the many Roman Catholic schools in this city have been exempted for more than twenty years from the payment of water taxes, while all the Protestant schools have been required to pay full rates. This is a most astonishing state of affairs, especially in a city which is so thoroughly Protestant as Nashville is. We are glad to see that the Board of Public Works has ordered a change of policy. The true doctrine is that no church ought to ask or receive any favor from the civil government. The church that consents to do so is simply heaping up wrath against the day of wrath. In this same connection we notice the fol- lowing paragraph: "The authorities in Milwaukee, Wis., have decided that a block of twenty business houses, deeded to the Roman Catholic bishop, must pay taxes like business houses of other people. A similar decision compels the Summer-field Methodist Church, now used as a place of business, to pay taxes. All of which is right."-Nashville Christian Ad-vocate. Historic Facts. THE following statistics of the inspired and unchangeable Roman Catholic Church were compiled by Rev. E. Cobham Brewer, LL D., author of the " Historic Note Book: "- Prayers for the dead began in the year A. D. 200. Paul, the first hermit, 251. Sunday adopted by Constantine as the Christian Sabbath, 321. First general council at Nice, in Bi-thynia, 325. Celibacy of the clergy recommended, 325. Saints, martyrs and angels, adoration of, 360. Uhristmas day a religious festival, 375. Bells used in churches, 390. The Nicean creed introduced (except the word " dead " and " communion of saints"), 391. Mary called the mother of God, 431. Sprinkling of ashes in Lent (Felix III.), 487. Canon of Scripture completed, 494. Priests began to wear a distinctive dress, 500. Stone altars enjoined, 506. Extreme unction introduced by Felix IV., 525. Lenten fast extended to forty days (council of Orleans), 547. Prayers addressed to the Virgin Mary, 593. Worship in an unknown tongue (it was in Latin as far back as 547), 600. The title of pope first assumed by Boni-face III., 606. All Saints' day introduced, 625. Holy bread first distributed, 655. Athanasian creed introduced (Athana-sius died 373), 670. Crucifixes used as talismans, 680. Holy water introduced, 682. Kissing the pope's toe introduced, 708. Veneration of images imposed, 788. Rogation days established by Leo III., 801. Assumption festival introduced, 813. Cardinals created, 817. The " Trilioxue " dogma introduced, 830. Baptism of bells introduced, 965. Canonization of saints introduced by John X VI., 933. All Saints' Day appointed, 988. Advent Sunday appointed, 1000. Celibacy of priests made obligatory, 1000. Prayers for souls in purgatory intro-duced, 1000. Indulgences first bestowed by Ponce, bishop of Arles, 1002. Interdicts introduced, 1073. Infallibility of the Roman Church taught, 1076. Excommunication introduced .by Greg-ory VII., 1077. Sale o indulgences sanctioned. Plenary indulgence in this life and in the life to come, authorized by the council of Clermont, 1095. Office of the Virgin Mary appbinted by same, 1095. Transubstantiation made a church dogma, 1215. Auricular confession officially imposed, 1215. Adoration of the host enjoined, 1218. Inquisition established, 1229. Cup withheld from the laity, 1263. Angelus announced by a bell, 1316. Dogma of purgatory officially recog- nized, 1419. Holy oil in chrism first used, 1540. Tradition declared authoritative, 1540. Veneration of relics enjoined by, the council of Trident, 1563. Marriage made a sacrament, 1563. Confirmation, ditto, 1563. Festival of the seven sorrows introduced by Benedict XIII., 1725. Festival of the Sacred Heart introduced, 1732.-Loyal American. Still Maundering of "Divine 'Rule." COMMENTING upon the assassination of President Carnot, the Christian Reformer pitches savagely into its "dearest foe," secular government. Here is a ,sample paragraph:- We have no hesitation in saying that the chief cause of anarchy is secularism in civil .government. The nations of the earth set up governments, but not by God. They establish laws and ordinances regardless of, and sometimes in opposition to, the divine law. Civil governments do not appeal to the consciences of their citizens, and call upon them to obey the law in the name of God. Even laws that are good are en-forced, not because they are the voice of God, but solely because they are the will of the people. There is no partnership between God and civil government to-day, and, as a consequence, we have reared a gen-eration who fear neither God nor government. Is it true that there is no union of the religious and civil in government to-day ? The president of France was assassinated, and France officially pays annually a vast sum for the support of religion. There are many Freethinkers in France, but France is not yet a secular republic. The "partnership between God and civil gov-ernment" remains, for "God" can form a partnership with government at second-hand only, the priests being his proxies. Alexander of Russia died by the bomb of the assassin, and in Russia Church and State are one. The partnership aforesaid is complete. What the Christian Re-former means is, of course, perfectly clear. It means that there is no avowed partner-ship between the Covenanters and civil government. Partnership with Catholic or Greek Christians or non-Presbyterian Protestants' is no defense against the lightnings of divine wrath. Of course there were no riots, no assassinations of rulers, no revolutions in the ages when all believed that kings, as kings, received their credentials directly from the bureau of God's prime minister, signed by the hand of the Supreme. The Reformer is under the necessity of ignoring all history and all current events but such as by the most strained and fanciful interpretation can be forced to adorn its lugubrious tale. The theocratic organ makes all it can of the fact that Carnot was murdered on Sunday while on his way to the theater, after attending a banquet in his honor. He had also gone to Lyons to visit an exposition which was open on Sunday. Could any thing be plainer ? . . . The Christian Reformer sticks remorselessly to its text, concluding its jeremiad in these words :- Is there not a close connection between such an open disregard of the law of the Sabbath, such a pub- 