314 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Congress in conditioning the appropria-tion on a closed Fair was wrong in prin-ciple and mischievous as an example, be-cause the matter of Sunday observance is something with which civil government properly has nothing to do; and that the attempt of the American Sabbath Union to intimidate the managers of the Fair by threats of boycott if it were open on Sun-day, was both un-American and unchris-tian. But he says nothing of the kind, and simply argues for an open Fair as a matter of policy. Š0Š THE question of whether the Fair shall be opened or closed on Sunday is a very small one compared with the principle in-volved. For more than one hundred years it was supposed, as asserted. by George Washington while President, that "this Government is in no sense founded upon the Christian religion; " that in this Nation, State and Church were entirely separate; but now the Supreme Court has decided that this is, and always was, a Christian Nation; and Congress has, in its World's Fair legislation, championed a religious institution, a dogma of the dom-inant part of the Christian Church; and now the great question is not, Shall the Fair be open on. Sunday ? but, Will the people of this Nation tamely accept the dictum of the Supreme Court establishing a national religion, even though it be the religion of a vast majority ? and will they even tacitly admit that Congress has a right to legislate upon religious questions, and in favor of religious institutions and dogmas ? All this is now involved in the question of closing the great Fair on Sun-day; for the managers of that Fair clearly desire Sunday opening. Shall they be permitted to use their own pleasure about it ? or shall they be compelled to close the gates because the churches of the country regard Sunday as sacred and think it sin-ful to visit an Exposition on that day ? If the power of the Government is to be used to coerce the managers of the Colum-bian Exposition in this matter, why may it not be used to coerce every citizen in religious practicesŠor even in opinions ? The compulsory closing of the Fair is only the first step in intolerance. Will the people arouse to the danger ? In the lan-guage of Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in the United States Senate in 1829, concern- ing a proposition to discontinue Sunday mails, it may truly be said of this, " If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Govern-ment will be strongly marked, if not con- trolled, by the same influence. All re-ligious despotism commences by combina-tion and influence; and when the influence begins to operate upon the political insti-tutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the castastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences." Will the people heed the warning ? C. P. B. Ł-Ł-Ł  The Persecuting Spirit. A Seventh-day Adventist colporter, at Pomona, Cal., writes us as follows :Š Although we have no State Sunday law here in California we are by no means free from the spirit of persecution. In my colporter work, a few miles north of this place, a short time since, I met a man, a member of the Presbyterian Church, who told another member of the same church, in my pres-ence that I was " engaged in a very bad work ; " that I was a "regular wolf in sheep's clothing, going from house to house attacking our American  Sabbath, and insulting our Government ;" and that "such work ought to be stopped ;" and that if he had the power he would brand me with a hot iron and give me thirty days to leave the country in; and if I ever came back he would hang me. Conventions to " promote the better observance of the Sabbath " are being held in some parts of this State. This is the same spirit that in Tennes-see puts Christian men in the chain-gang for dissent from the prevailing religion. We may expect to see it manifested more and more under the fostering influence of the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, and the Sunday bills enacted by the Fifty-second Congress. The Abuse of Law. SOME people are never satisfied to use the power of law as it should be usedŠto protect society from the encroachment of the lawless element. They are not satis-fied with liberty to pursue their own bus-iness unmolested; they must needs restrict the liberty of others and seek to use the power of law to enforce their ideas upon others. A striking illustration of this has re- cently come to view in Tennessee where some orthodox church members are re-peatedly prosecuting a minority sect be- cause they refuse to conform their reli-gious practices to suit the ideas of a majority. The press report by an eye witness says :Š At Paris, Tennessee, four Christian men have been lying in jail since June 3, for the "crime" of following their "common vocations on Sunday, by working on the farm, plowing, hoeing," etc. The term of one having expired, the other three, after having lain in jail forty-four days, were Mon-day, July 18, marched through the streets in com-pany with some colored criminals, and put to work shoveling on the common highway. All three were men of families, one fifty-five and another sixty-two years of age. These men are among the best citizens of Tennessee. The prosecuting attorney, when arguing before the court, said It is to be regretted, because of the fact that otherwise [aside from their observing the seventh day as the Sabbath, and working on their farms on Sunday] they are good citizens. It is unfortunate that so many who are enjoying unrestricted freedom themselves should deny to others the same freedom. Sunday-keepers would raise a cry from Maine to California were any attempt made to interfere with their Saturday work and Sunday rest, and yet we see many of them making and enforcing laws against Sabbath-keepers which put them in jails and chain-gangs for carrying out the literal words of the Bible, which are as follow:Š Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work. Some of our jails are now being used to punish American citizens and Christians for conscientiously obeying those words. The Arena of Boston truly says:Š If in any State the Adventists, the Hebrews, or any other people who believe in observing Satur-day instead of Sunday, should happen to predom-inate, and they undertook to throw Christians into dungeons, and after branding them criminals, should send them to the penitentiary for working on Saturday, indignation would blaze forth throughout christendom against the great injus-tice, the wrong against the liberty of the rights of the citizen. The only difference is that poor Mr. King is in the minority; he is the type of those who always have been, and always will be, made to suffer when the Government is strong enough to persecute all who do not accept what is considered truth and right by the majority. Such laws as these should be abolished at once, and the American people should  have such a jealous regard for their lib-erties that it could never be said. that American jails were being used to crush out unpopular beliefs. These unfortu-nate persons may be assured that the sym-pathy of the great body of the American people is with. them, and that their strug-gles against oppression and persecution to-day is only the continuation of the struggle against bigotry and despotism that has been waged so successfully for the past few centuries. True Americans and the Christians everywhere are with the Adventists. The South Chicago Church Bulletin, a Baptist organ, says:Š Let us be careful how we let in the camel's nose of religious legislation, lest the brute crowd his bulky form in and occupy the whole shop. If the law by which these men were legally imprisoned be a righteous law, then may any State, nation or country set up a religious creed, and enforce it; then France treated properly the Huguenots; Rus-sia the Jews; and early New England and Vir-ginia the Baptists and Quakers. Protestant Amer-ica had better be careful how she lays foundations for other men to build upon. Rome has as good a right to build in her way as we have in our way. All true religious institutions are able to stand without the aid of human law, and every attempt to enforce any reli-gious tenet always has, and always will, do ten times as much harm to Christianity as good.ŠTribune-Headlight, Harvey, Ill. True Christianity Never Persecutes. A GENTLEMAN in Nebraska writes thus to us declining to renew his subscription to THE SENTINEL:Š Lincoln, Neb., Sept. 19, 1892. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir: Your card requesting a renewal of my subscription re-ceived. I am exceedingly sorry that I can not continue to subscribe for a paper that stands so manfully for freedom of conscience. But it seems to me that you are pulling down with one hand what you are seeking to build up with the other. If you would also oppose that religion whose prin-ciples are responsible for the state of affairs of which you complain, then you would be consistent. But so long as you support the Christian religion with its terrible doctrines and its debasing super-stitions I can not conscientiously continue my pa-tronage to your paper. With hopes for the intellectual emancipation of the race from the bondage of ignorance and fear, I am very truly yours, We are sorry that the writer of this letter does not distinguish between the Christianity of the Bible and the Chris-tianity of the churches. True Chris-tianity does not persecute. Christ re-buked his disciples when they asked him to call down fire to destroy those who re-fused to receive him. It is only as his professed followers lose his spirit and for-get his teachings that they become intol-erant. Even Paine in his " Rights of Man," recognizes the fact that intolerance does not belong to Christianity, as Christ taught it. He says :Š All religions are, in their nature, mild and be-nign, and united with principles of morality. . . . How is it that they lose their native mild- ness, and become morose and intolerant ? By en-gendering the State with the Church, a sort of mule animal, capable only of destroying, and not of breeding up, is produced, called the Church established by law.. . The Inquisition in Spain does not proceed from the religion originally professed, but from this mule animal engendered between the Church and State. And again, of governments established by force, Paine says :Š Governments thus established last as long as the power to support them lasts; but that they might avail themselves of every engine in their favor, they, united fraud to force, and set up an idol which they called divine right, and which, in imi- 