`THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 603 calion with or derive information from occult intel-ligences or not is not,nne that a city council or a legislature can settle. We believe the best thing is for everybody to let clairvoyants alone. ot AMONG the exhibits which make up the display at the Paris Exposition an impressive but uninten-tional one is that of the dual characterŠthe " Jekyll-and-Hyde " combinationŠin human nature. It is thus described by Mr. Charles-Wagner in the Out-look : " From the gallery where I stand, surrounded by suffering and charity, between the statues of Valen-tine Hauy and Abbe de l'Epee, I look over that al-cohol plain Where clerical and lay distillers enter into rivalry, and a heartbreaking contrast takes posses-sion of me. The same epoch that displays such care in solacing that which, is wretched in life has exer-cised its ingenuity in distilling all these poisons,, in opening the worse fountains of evil; and, through some curious unpremeditated coincidence, the two elements are brought close together, and the devil's stills are placed side by side with the laboratories where steep and simmer the salutary drug's which destroy microbes and restore strength. It would be impossible in this age to declare in a more tragic manner that there are two men, two-natures, in each of us. These two men may be found everywhereŠin the mad competition existing at the same time, and despite itself, with combination; in the conjunc-tion of the serious and the frivolous, of liberty and oppression, of antiseptics and intoxicants. " If the reader permits, I will show him these two men in still other forins. Here, at the head of the bridge of the Trocadero, there is a heavy red, cupola-like structure, in shape a gigantic soup-tureen cover. From holes pierced in the side come out long stems, but not of spoons; these are cannon of -all calibers. The firm of Schneider, of Creusot, among others, -exhibits these enormous guns. A little further on are foUnd the land and sea artillery of all nationsŠa collection of engines of destruction such as the world has never before seen. As we leave the place our imaginations picture scenes of naval battles, bombardments, villages on fire, fleets thundering and wrapped in smoke. Mankind seems to us mere food fOr cannon. Age-of iron and of fire, of violence and blood, " But while you are thus reflecting, there emerges to view from the pleasant shade close by a pretty little house in Louis XVI. style,. as attractive and pleasing as the Sc'hneider tower is threatening and repellent. On the entrance you read; ' Nursery for Infants.' You enter; here: are white cradles, nurses  'busy in-  tending the babies, glasssboxes built with ex-treme care- to shelter in cotton the delicate bodies of those born =too soon; the heat and amount of air are measured; in watching an almost fearful tender-ness is used, as with precious treasures with which no risks must be taken. A moment ago we saw how to destroy at a blow hundreds of lives of strong men in the flower of their age; now we are invited to see that may be done to cherish the least hope of life, the least germ of human existence. What does this mean? What a mad contradiction! And how well might this age, if it understood itself, sum up all the anguish of its divided and tormented self in that sad cry of St. Paul, ` 0, wretched man that I am, who will deliver me?' " FREE till_October 1! Our map of China. There-after, fifteen cents per copy, post-paid. See p. 6o6. BEATING THE AIR. ." Is Sunday for God or for golf? " Was the subject of an impassioned discourse by a San Francisco pas-tor on_ a recent, Sunday. He pronounced a severe philippic against, Sunday desecrators, and particu-larly the young women who play golf. It appears that golf playing is becoming very popular among the leisure-having-young ladies of California, and in their enthusiasm for the game they do not distin-guish between Sunday and other days of the week. Among the denunciatory sentences of the speaker (Rev. A. C. Bane), as reported in the San Francisco ' Examiner, are the following: " If the women are going the same way as the men what will become of the Sabbath? " "When the Sabbath is gone God's hour and God's people are gone." " When the churches are gone the nation is gone." " How fast are the women enlisting with the men in yielding to temptation ! Women at the Sunday golf tourney, at the Sunday theater, at the Sunday ball game, at the Sunday horse race ! Think of that!" " To-day the places of worship are not crowded, but the places of revelry-are." " Think of the unholy spectacle of thirteen young ladies, high up in California society, actually partici-pating in the golf games at Del Monte on Sunday last, and for a prize, a silver cup !" All this denunciation was natural and proper enough from the stand-point of the Rev. Mr. Bane, 