AMERICAN SENTINEL. 235 "We have not as yet taken the irrevocable step. Before it is taken let the voice of the whole people be heard." 0-Ł-Ł111 A Symptom of National Disease. THE New York Press, of the 5th inst. called attention to "The Shame of Senate Elections," under which head-ing it prints the following:Š "Pennsylvania now has a bribery investigation on hand as the result of an all winter's so far futile effort to elect a senator. In Delaware, her next-door neighbor, public opinion has convicted three Democrats of bribe-taking, for votes changed on the last day of that legis-lature's entirely futile effort to elect a senator. Utah also failed to elect a senator, but not to hold a bribery investigation. In California the bribery investigation began almost with the session itself. There is no senator there, but ample evidence of corruption. Montana va-ries the routine. She has elected a senator and declared that he was elected honestly. But she holds in her treas-ury $40,000, in the distribution of which for votes his agents were detected. "Any observer not thoroughly conversant with American conditions would be justified in arguing from this state of facts that virtue has gone out completely from our political life. In only twelve of the thirty States electing each a senator to the Fifty-sixth Con-gress have there been real contests for the post. And in six of these, including last year in Ohio, there have been bribery investigations." The Press then points out that bribery does not figure in elections to the House of Representatives, and affirms that bribery did not influence the vote cast in the last national election; from which it concludes that leg-islative elections are a failure because they no longer represent the people; but that popular elections are still pure. It favors the abolition of the system controlling the election of senators. But what about the investigation which is being made by decree of the New York Legislature into the government of New York City, where it is charged that a "corruption fund" of hundreds of thousands of dollars was levied upon the city's disreputable places for politi-cal uses in the last election? And what about the charges made by the Sun, of this city, and other papers, of a similar state of corruption, only far worse, existing in Chicago? There can be no doubt that these charges are essentially true; and they certainly touch the people themselves. It is impossible but that the "shame of senate elec-tions" should affect the people, even if the people are not directly responsible for it. To become familiar with charges of bribery and Łthe various forms of corruption alleged in connection with senatorial elections, by reason of their frequency, must certainly educate the people themselves in corruption. For the old saying is ever true that vice "seen too oft" is first endured and in the  end embraced. And this education of the people in po-litical vice is proceeding at an alarming rate. On the whole it must be said there are more facts than the Press has here alleged which would justify an observer in the belief that virtue has about gone out "from our political life." Religious Aspect of the Dreyfus Case. IT appears that one effect of the agitation in France over the Dreyfus case, is a reactionary religious impulse which is in the interests of the Catholic Church. French Catholic priests have been prominent on the side of op-position to a revision of the case, and have done their best to give the contest the aspect of a religious contro-versy; in which, of course, all good people would be ex-pected to be on the side of the church. Even Pope Leo, it is said, has felt constrained to withhold his sanction from the course taken by the priests; but that course must nevertheless be taken as expressing the spirit of the church for which they stand. The appeal to religious prejudice is of course an argument against the justice of the cause in behalf of which it' was made. The following statement of the facts relating to this aspect of the case is made by the Chicago Times-Herald, of March 17:Š "It is a notorious fact that the anti-Dreyfusards have made desperate appeals to religious prejudices. This was natural enough, because the religious partisan is sure to be a person of intense passion, and these in-triguing and dubious patriots have counted upon pas-sions of all sorts to help them in their war against justice and reason. "In their attempt to arouse Christians generally they have tried to fan into new life the dying hatred against the Jews. Every champion of Dreyfus has been pictured as a champion of the Jews. Sympathy for the man has been construed broadly as sympathy for the race, and sympathy for the race is held to be a heinous crime which admits of no excuse or palliation. "Such intolerance is completely at variance with the spirit of the age and the principles of a republic. But the logical fallacy of the argument does not prevent its having considerable effect. The method of procedure is, in fact, common to despicable demagogues everywhere, and has been employed many times to obscure real issues and triumph by the confusion. "With this religious persecution has gone a special catering to Roman Catholic reactionaries. They have been flattered with the assurance that the anti-Jewish agitators have had them always in mind when they have been working for a royalist or imperial regime. Thus poor Dreyfus has been made to appear as an obstruc Lion in the way of the church. The fate of the wretched prisoner in exile upon a distant shore has been said to involve the fate of a powerful hierarchy, whose great in-fluence has been turned against him. "It is particularly gratifying, therefore, to learn that the pope withholds his approval from the course that 