382 AivitimbacAN 1 N1 LO VOL. s, 48. and was disturbed.; while the neighbors, who are only fifty feet away from where the work was done, testified that they were not at all disturbed though they are devout Sunday observers. This complain-ing party said he was disturbed conscien-tiously, but, when in the trial, Mr. Mc-Cutchen stated that he kept Saturday as a matter of conscience, the mayor said : " Conscience is not in it at all." When Mr. McCutchen asked the com-plaining witness if he did not know of other Sunday work being done in the city, such as butchering of beeves, selling of groceries, and attending a tan-yard, etc., the mayor said : " You need not answer that." After the testimony was all taken the mayor gave these reverend gentlemen considerable advice as to their belief, and future conduct; stating that since they had been in his city they had proved themselves good citizens and had done a good work and had succeeded in getting good people to follow them, and he had no reason to doubt that they were good conscientious Christian gentlemen, and then said : " I will fine you $50 and costs, or ninety days on the streets." The fines were not paid and the cases were appealed to the Superior Court, to be tried in the January term in the city of Gainesville. There is considerable excitement in Gainesville as the result of this imprison-ment and fining of these people, and many who were opposed to them before are now their friends. Some say it is a clear case of religious persecution, and reminds them of the time of Roger Williams and the persecution of the Quakers and Baptists. Two Thanksgiving Proclamations. WE print side by side two Thanksgiving proclamations, one by the President of the United States, the other by officers of the General Assembly of the United Pres-byterian Church :Š A PROCLAMATION. While the American people should every day remember with praise and thanksgiving the divine goodness and mercy which have followed them since their beginning as a Nation, it is fitting that one day in each year should be especially devoted to the con-templation of the blessings we have received from the hand of God, and to the grate-ful acknowledgment of his loving-kindness. Therefore, I, Grover Cleve-land. President of the United States, do hereby designate and set apart Thursday, the 30th day of the present month of November, as a day of thmksgiving and praise to be kept and observed by all the people of our land. On that day let us forego our ordinary work and employments and assemble in our usual places of worship, where we may re-call all that God has done for us. and where from grate-ful hearts our united tribute of praise and song may reach the Throne of Grace. Let the reunion of kindred and the social meeting of friends lend cheer and enjoyment to the day, and let generous gifts of charity for the relief of the poor and needy prove the sin-cerity, of our thanksgiving. Witness my hand and the seal of the United States, which I have caused to be hereto affixed. Done at the city of Washington on the third day of November, in the.  year of our Lord eighteen hun-  fruits brought forth by the dred and ninety - three, and of sun, and for the precious the Independence of the United things put forth by the moon, States the one hundred and and for the chief things put eighteenth. forth by the ancient moun- By the President: tains, and for the precious GROVER CLEVELAND. things of the lasting hills, and WALTER Q. GRESHAM, for the precious things of the Secretary of State. earth and the fullness thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt in the bush." By order of General Assem- bly, JAS. BRUCE, Moderator. Wm. J. REID, Principal Clerk. It will be observed that one of these proclamations emanates from the civil authority ; the other, from an ecclesiastical authority, yet they alike enjoin religious observance. The officers of the United Presbyterian Church say to their people we " do hereby call upon you to lay aside all secular business on the 30th day of November, 1893, and observe that day as a day of thanksgiving, to assemble in your respective places of worship," etc. The President says, " I, Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, do hereby designate and set apart Thursday, the 30th day of the present month of Novem-ber, as a day of thanksgiving and praise to be kept by all the people of our land. On that day let us forego our ordinary work and employments and assemble in our usual places of worship." In the essential points the intent, and even the language of the two proclama-tions is almost identical. They both en-join acts of religious worship. But by what right does the President of the United States thus exercise ecclesiastical functions ? The American Sabbath Union in Indiana. THE Rev. Mr. Day, Secretary of the Indiana branch of the American Sabbath Union, recently delivered in Monticello, Indiana, a lecture which he boasted had been delivered three thousand times, in the State, to as many as three hundred thousand people. He declared his pur-pose to be to educate the people to a better observance of Sunday and secure the co-operation of all in the, work of its enforce-ment. The abstract theory of Sabbath observ-ance which the speaker presented was excellent. He' properly made the fourth commandment the basis of argument, and said truly,Š" The Sabbath movement is one of the most momentous movements of the day. It is the paramount question before the American people. It is greater than the temperance question. The fourth commandment is just as binding on us as on any generation in any age of time. We cannot set it aside any more than we can the first, or third, or sixth command-ments, neither can we keep it in spirit and not keep it in letter." He immediately attempted to show, however, that the fourth commandment is indefinite as to the day that should be observed, and that the observance of one seventh part of time is all that is required. This was emphasized, and yet it was lamented that all could not agree on the same day, to save "confusion," and the " disorganization of society." This would make God the author of confusion, and lay upon man the duty of rectifying the defect in the commandment and name the day which God had neglected to specify. Ili doing this, the speaker held, the mi-nority should 'yield to the majority, and, as there are forty millions of people in  the United States, to-day, that believe in keeping the " Christian " Sabbath, so all ought to 'harmonize in the observance of that day. How could it -be possible to make language more explicit than it is in the fourth commandment? "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," yet, in the face of this positive and em-phatic declaration, men professing to be guided. by the word of God will stultify themselves by bolstering up, with fabri-cated arguments, doctrines which are entirely unknown to the Bible. When President Jackson vetoed the bill to charter the United States Bank in 1832, he asserted that every public officer had a right to interpret the Constitution as he pleased, and was only sworn to defend it as he understood it. To this Henry Clay made reply as fol-lows:Š No one swears to support it as he understands it, but to support it simply in truth. All Men are bound to obey the laws, . . . but must they obey them as they are, or as they understand them ? Ł . . If the party were bound to obey the Con-stitution, only as he understands it, what would be the consequence ? There would be general disorder and confusion, throughout every branch of admin-istration, from the highest to the lowestŠuniversal nullification. * Still more forcible are the words of Paul, when he says : " We thank God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth." 1 Thess. 2: 13. Men will, however, take more liberties with the words of God than they would dare take with those of men. The fourth commandment, as it is in fact, faces these advocates of Sunday legislation. The position of Seventh-day Adventists was very honestly stated, in that it was said that they are opposed to the legal enforcement of the observance of any day of rest. Mr. Day's vocabulary was ex-hausted, however, when he undertook to answer Adventists on the Sabbath ques-tion. But he truthfully said :Š" The Sabbath is in no sense a Jewish institu-tion. It had its origin many hundred years before a Jew was born. Read Gen. 2: 2, 3, and you will find that it originated with creation itself. However, he imme-diately contradicted himself by asserting that "we have the Christian Sabbath "; that no man can tell which is the right day; that one seventh part of time is all that is required ; that all cannot keep the same day from the fact that the world is round, and those on the opposite side of the globe would be keeping a different day. It did not seem to matter that these arguments were as forcible against first day observance as against the true Sab-bath,Šand that each proposition asserted was more or less in conflict with the others, and in flagrant contradiction to the letter of the fourth commandment. If the Sabbath was in no sense "Jewish," where is the authority for calling it "Christian" ? The commandment speaks of it as the " Sabbath of the Lord thy God."- All such names as " Jewish," " Christian,'3 "American," etc., are hu-man inventions. Mr. Day failed to in- form his audience how it was possible to always know when the first day of the week comes and not know the seventh. He also failed to give any authority for a change. The Bible knows no such change. The only weekly Sabbath known to it is the seventh day or Saturday, and any teaching to the contrary is not the truth. * Life of Henry Clay, p. 157. THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION. To the ministers, elders. and people of the United Pres- byterian Church: In accordance with the action of the thirty-fifth General As-sembly of the United Presby-terian Church, we, the officers of said Assembly, do hereby call upon you to lay aside all secular business on the 30th day of November, 1893, and observe that day as a day of thanksgiving, to assemble in your respective places of wor-ship, and give that united, outward, formal expression of sincere, heartfelt gratitude to the Triune God, through Jesus Christ our Lord, and by the Holy Spirit, which is due to his great name for the innu-merable blessings conferred on us as a Nation, as families and as individuals during the past year. The preservation of our peace with all the nations, and of our shores from the threat-ened invasion of the pesti-lence, the restraint put upon the passions of men, so chat we have been preserved from serious outbreaks, notwith-standing the hundreds of thousands out of employment by reason of the financial troubles which have come upon us. bountiful harvests, and the progress made in so-cial and moral reforms, are all suggestive. Thanks are due and should be gratefully ren-dered "for the precious things of heaven, 'for the dew, and for the deep that coucheth beneath, and for t e precious 