396 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "What does that mean, mama? Will the earth be burned up, and then will Christ make another world for his kingdom?" "0 no." He says he will 'not make a full end.' The end of the world means the end of the age, the end of hu-man affairs as they are run'  o day. You can see that by the gathering up of Christ's subjects from the earth, the wicked alone will be left." "Will they be alive, mama?" "No, Charlie. The prophet says, 'The slain of the Lord at that day shall be from one end of the earth to the other.' The cities will be broken down at the pres-ence of the Lord. Every island and mountain will be removed. The atmospheric heaven will pass away, and total darkness will reign. The birds of the heavens will eat the flesh of the slain and die, and in the midst of si-lence, darkness and chaos, Satan and his angels will be bound for a thousand years." "Where will God's people be, mama?" "They will be in heaven with Christ. Beforethem will be unfolded the whole history of the controversy between good and evil. Judgment will be given unto them, and the saints will judge the world and fallen angels. Things will be reversed when Jesus comes." "But, mama, when will Christ's kingdom be set up on earth?" "At the end of the thousand years. Then `the glory of the Lord will cover the earth as the waters cover the sea,' and 'the meek shall inherit the earth, and delight themselves in the abundance of peace." F. B. Studies in French History Š27. "MEANTIME it was quite hard to tell, for sure, just who had a right to France, whether it was the Dauphin Charles or the infant king of England, who was only a very little babe when his father died. However, he was proclaimed King Henry the Sixth, in Paris." "I imagine that business didn't suit the dauphin very much," said Florence Ray. "No; it was not at all to his taste, but he was of an indolent, lazy disposition, not inclined to anything harder than dancing and having a good time. Of course he was very young at this time (1422), being only twenty years old. Perhaps this may in part have accounted for his indolent, careless way of living. But when we stop to consider the condition of France at this time; that Eng-land had actually conquered a goodly portion of it, and that the infant Henry, of England, had been, proclaimed king, right in the ancient capital and metropolis of the land of the Capets, we are astonished that Charles VII. could have been so reckless as he was,Ševen thinking of going out of the country entirely, and leaving his people to their fate." "He did not seem to inherit much of the blood of Hugh Capet," observed Edna Phillips. Ł "No; he inherited his throne, though indeed it had  become a tottering one, but he did not fall heir to his patriotism or his courage. The English, indeed, claimed the most of the northern part of France, but Charles might have busied himself to good advantage in reliev-ing the terrible necessities of his poor, starving people. But he seemed incapable of doing anything more serious than dancing." "Perhaps he did ndtknow of the bad state of things," said Milly Brown, with characteristic sympathy. "It seems that he could scarcely have been ignorant of the fact that his people were so starved that the poorer classes were very glad to get the dead carcass of a dog to devour. It was at this time that the horrible amuse-ment called the 'Pause Macabre' became quite popular among the wretched people." "It seems so sad, professor, that I do not like to think about it, and it almost seems a pity to learn about those dreadful things. One almost gets tired of the same old story of horrors. Don't you think so?" asked Julia March. "Yes; it seems sad to think about or even to learn about. But of course we must take history as it comes to us. We can neither make it better nor worse. But one thing we may do : we can make such a history of our own lives, Julia, that we shall not fear or blush to have it read." "Will you please tell us a little about that awful play, or something of the kind, you mentioned? I want to know more about it," said Charlie White. "Certainly; I will tell you all you need to know about it. Remember this was in the early part of the fifteenth century. The name, Danse Macabre, signifies the dance of death. It consisted only in wild and aimless dancing and yelling among the graves. It was participated in by hundreds who desired to do something to forget for a while their miserable existence. This wild revel they would keep up till morning, and then, exhausted and wretched, they would slink away, to return again at night." "Didn't these horrors disturb the mind of Charles?" asked Will Palmeter. "Not in the least; nothing of a serious nature ever disturbed him." "I can't see what made them call him The Victorious, if he was so cowardly," said Will. "I think they had no reason for it; but I suppose the title pleased his vanity." "Was this king as eager to get moneyfrom his people so that he could live in luxury as some of the other kings had been?" asked Max Smith. "No; this did not seem to be his disposition He was too indolent to let money matters trouble him. You will believe this the more readily when I tell you that it is related of him that he once needed a pair of shoes, and ordered them delivered. But the shoemaker, being of a more thrifty disposition than Charles, seeing that the money was not forthcoming, refused to leave the shoes. So the king had to get along as well as he could without. 