116 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Of course, rightly speaking, there is,no such thing as a dishonest Christian : for if he is dishonest in anything he simply is not a Christian. But yet every Christian is obliged with sorrow to confess that there are those who bear the name, and make the profession, of being Chris-tians, who are not honestly such. _ They are such only from policy of some phaseŠperhaps indeed that they may not 'be counted presumptuous by the ministers of sixteen churches, when the night of their worldly.,pleas-ures happens to be the same as the prayer-meeting night. But may the Lord save the people from all such religion as that! ' Let all who bear the name of Christian be Christians indeed; then there will not be nearly so many people going to balls on prayer-meeting nights; and then those who do go to balls on prayer-meeting nights will not be denounced as presumptuous by those who .do "not go. God's Word vs. a Colonial Ordinance, AMONG the reasons set forth in a resent communica-tion to the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Hall, Pittsburg, protesting against the opening of the hall for Sunday concerts, we note this:Š " 3rd. As Christians we find abundant authority for our position in the Word of God, but to those who take a different view of Scripture, or decline obedience to its mandates, we respectfully call attention to the fact that the First General Assembly of Pennsylvania, on Decem-ber 7, 1682, in passing the first law in regard to the ob-servance of the `Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday,' declared that `for the ease of creation people shall ab-stain from their usual common toil and labor, that they may better dispose themselves to read the Scriptures of truth at home and frequent meetings of religious wor-ship! Many unsuccessful attempts have been made to repeal or amend this law, but it has remained in force down to the present time. Besides this, it is well settled among Anglo-Saxon nations that neither amusement nor labor should be carried, on on the Lord's Day." So then, those who " take a different view of Scrip-ture," whether they revere the Word of God or not, ought to set that aside in deference to this ancient colonial or-dinance, passed by the "First General Assembly" of Pennsylvania, under the impression that they were legis-lating "for the ease of creation " ! Do the parties who made this protest hold the Scriptures so lightly them-selves? As to the attitude of Anglo-Saxon nations toward the "Lord's Day," if it be not a fact that more amuse-ment is, "carried on" on Stinday than on any other day of the week, both our own observations and the testi-mony of the press are sadly at fault. Another reason given in the protest is that "The concerts are likely to interfere seriously with the attend-ance upon the afternoon sessions of the Church and Sun-day schools." But have not the one class of citizens as much right to hold a concert on Sunday, as the other  class have to hold a Sunday school? Are rights deter-mined under this GoVernment by class distinctions? It is surprising that a cause which appeals so largely to credulity and prejudice as does that of Sunday leg-islation, can make such progress in this country as it does. The Clergy Against the Bible. Now that the political campaign is ended, the preach-ers are finding time between the filling of their respective pulpits and laying plans to get control of the Govern- ment, to discuss the question of the infallibility of the Bible. As the Bible says nothing about political cam- paigning or getting control of the civil power as belong-ing to the work of the Christian ministry, but speaks dis-tinctly to the contrary, it is perhaps not strange that the question of its infallibility should have become a mooted point. Foremost in the ranks of dissenters from this once cardinal principle of orthodoxy, is the Rev. Lyman Abbott, of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn. Dr. Abbott's discourses seem to be in the main a statement of his dis-beliefs in regard to the Scriptures. He does not believe GenesisŠthat has been known ever since he became the successor of Henry Ward Beecher. Not long ago he raised a laugh in his congregation over the idea of the truth of the Book of Jonah; and a little later he announced his disbelief in another portion of the sacred volume. Just what parts of the BibleŠif anyŠhe places out of the realm of fiction, it would be difficult to judge from his discourses. One thing he does believe in, however, and that is a strict Sunday law. In the February Christian End eavorer, we find him saying:Š " I think that experience demonstrates that Sunday rest must be secured not merely by private agreements, but by legislative enactments vigorously enforced." Some of the papers have been drawing comparisons between Dr. Abbott's words concerning the Book of Jonah and the words of Thomas Paine on the same sub-ject, and discover such a similarity of language as to lead to the conelusion that it is a case of teacher and.pupil. The only difference is that in Paine's day infidelity did not presume to speak from the "Christian" pulpit. What has made the question of the Bible's infallibil-ity especially prominent just now, however, is a discus-sion which took place at a meeting of about three hun-dred prominent Methodist ministers at the Methodist Book Concern, New York City, February 15. There the editor of the leading Methodist journal in America, Dr. Buckley, stated that he did not believe in the infallibility of the Bible in the English version. This announcement created considerable disorder, in the midst of which Dr. Buckley maintained his position and demanded that the question be put to vote. This was finally done, with the result that only one vote was obtained for the view'that the Bible, in English, is infallible. 