474 AMERICAN SENTINEL. My Trial and Acquittal. THE readers of the SENTINEL having been made ac-quainted with the event of my arrest for not observing Sunday as the Sabbath, they will be interested to learn the particulars of the trial, which took place the 19th inst. At an early morning hour teams began to pass our home going to Amory, the place of the court, which is five miles away from our place. At about the time for the court to sit, almost the entire membership of the Adventist church of Hatley came into town with their minister to attend his trial. To accommodate the spectators and for the comfort of all, the court was held out in the open air in the shade of some large oaks, where seats were in readiness. The people came to order at the call of the court, and I was called up to hear the charge of having worked on Sunday against the peace and dignity of the State of Mississippi. Though I did not deny having worked on the first day of the week, I plead "Not guilty" of having done anything against the peace and dignity of the State. A jury of six men were then chosen and duly sworn.Ł  Witnesses were then sworn and testified to the fact that I had been out in my own garden and done some-thing with a hoe or some tool on Sunday. Two of my neighbors were then permitted to bear testimony to the integrity and general good character of the Adventist people living at Hatley. One of them, the postmaster spoke so highly of us that the court inquired if he had joined our church. "No, sir," he replied, "I have joined nobody." These men testified that the Adventists were among the best people of the county, and wished that there were more of them in our community. I was then given one hour in which to make my defense. I made no attempt to take advantage of technical points in the case, stated plainly that I observed the seventh day as the Sabbath of the Lord according to the command of God, and did not keep the first day of the week. I rested my whole defense on the ground of my rights to religious liberty as taught in the Word of God, and in the con-stitutions of the United States and the State of Missis-sippi. The following is a brief summary of the points made in the defense:- 1. The Sabbath is a religious institution. It was founded by God at the creation of the world. God de-clares the Sabbath to be a sign between him and his people that they may know him. It is God's "holy day," "the Sabbath of the Lord." It has a place in his eternal and unchangeable law. It was born of heaven, and God promises blessings to those who keep it holy. 2. Sunday is also a religious institution. Its ob-servance originated among the worshipers of the sun, from which it derives its name. It was adopted by the Roman Catholic church and through her power and influence has become almost universal amongChristians. All Sunday-keeping churches regard Sunday observance  as religious, and it was through the influence of these churches that Sunday laws were enacted. 3. Civil government has no right to interfere in matters of religion. Religion is a personal matter and every one must give account of himself to God. God enjoins faithful obedience to civil rulers in all things which pertain to civil authority; but to those who would rule in matters of conscience toward God, he asks, "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? To his own master he standeth or falleth." And in regard to the observance of a day he says to them, "Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." We are to "render unto Cmsar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." 4. The Constitution of the United States recognizes this principle of religious liberty and forbids the enact-ment, of religious laws. This prohibition is found in the First Amendment to the Constitution and reads: "Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This has been regarded by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives as prohibiting the enactment of Sunday laws, because such laws would interfere with the right of the people to choose their own religion. The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution prohibits the States from enacting or enforcing any laws which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States, and a later enactment called the Ku-Klux Act provides for the enforcement of the amendment. 5. The Constitution of the State of Mississippi prohibits any interference with the religious rights and liberties of the people. Article 1, of her Bill of Rights, says: "No preference shall ever be given by law to any religious sect or mode of worship, but the free enjoyment of all religious sentiments and the differ-ent modes of worship shall ever be held sacred." Other States having in their constitutions similar declarations of rights have declared through their courts that the enforcing of Sunday laws, such as is being attempted here in this court, is unconstitutional. For example, in our neighboring State of Tennessee, in the case of T. D. Clement vs. W. D. Dortch, W. L. Carter, a prominent man in the legal profession, rendered the following de-cision: "If the legislature intended arbitrarily to fix a day for people to observe, Sunday as the Sabbath, re-gardless of their religious belief, then the act is directly in conflict with Art. 1, Sec. 3, of the Constitution, and is void, because it is 'human authority interfering with the rights of conscience.' Therefore, as the intention of the legislature was to require the observance of the Sabbath and not to fix arbitrarily a holy day; and as defendant observes what his religion teaches as the Sab-bath, he is not guilty of any violation of the law." 6. Religion to the Christian is dearer than life itself; upon this hangs our eternal interests. From my moth-er's knee I was taught to revere the ten commandments, and her dying charge to me was to be faithful and meet 