130 THE AMERICAN- SENTINEL. engages in gaming, or horse-racing, or exhibits, or fairs, shall be fined not exceeding $100 in each offense." ŠIllinois Statutes, chap. 88, paragraphs 58, 59. Section 189 of the criminal code of Colorado reads thus :Š " Whoever shall be guilty of any noise, rout, or amusement on the first day of the week, called Sunday, whereby the peace of any private family may be dis-turbed, or who shall by a disorderly, immoral conduct interrupt or disturb the meeting, procession, or cere-mony of any religious denomination, on either a week-day or Sunday, such person so offending shall be guilty of misdemeanor, and upon conviction therefor shall be fined any sum not exceeding $50." Section 4,853 of the criminal code of Tennessee says :Š " If any person willfully disturb or disquiet any assemblage of persons met for religious worship, by noise, profane discourse, rude or indecent behavior, or any other act at or near the place of worship, he shall be fined not less than twenty nor more than two hundred dollars, and may also be imprisoned not ex-ceeding six months in the county jail." We do not know of any State that does not have similar provisions. It is very evident, there-fore, that Sunday laws are not needed in order to protect people in their right to rest and worship undisturbed on Sunday. And since, notwith- standing the existence of these statutes, it is claimed that Sunday laws are needed in order to protect the Christian Sabbath, or, as the Blair Sunday-Rest bill says, " to protect the religious observance of the day," it is evident that the de-sire is not to protect those who do keep Sunday, since they have protection already, but to compel others to observe the Sunday religiously against their will. A case in point occurred in this city not long since. At a public meeting, the pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, and others, complained very bitterly that a service had been disturbed on the previous Sunday, by the beating of drums in a circus tent, which had been pitched adjoining his church. He stated that at times it had been almost impossible for the congregation to hear the sermon, because of the outside din. An impas- sioned plea was made for a Sunday law in Cali-fornia, so that congregations might be protected in their worship. The case was put very strongly, so as to excite sympathy, and no doubt many per-sons were moved by it to resolve to do all in their power to secure a Sunday law. Yet the readers of this article will see from the section quoted from the penal code of California, that ample provision already exists for the stopping of all such disturb-ances. The church where this thing happened is not more than two minutes: walk from police headquarters, and it is safe to say to say that in five minutes from the first beat of the drum, the offenders might have been lodged in a cell at the police station. Yet those people endured all the disquiet, rather than avail themtelves of the pro-visions already made. Why was this ?ŠThe only reason that can be given is that if they had dem-onstrated that religious service can be conducted quietly, and that any disturbance to it can be promptly checked, they would deprive themselves of their strongest arguments for the enactment of the Sunday law. We trust that our friends will save these quo-tations that we have made,Łand secure others if they can, and use them whenever it is claimed that Sunday laws are a necessity in order that worship may be conducted undisturbed. The second question concerning the Bible in the schools might be answered briefly, as follows:-1. The position of the SENTINEL is not simply "no Bible in the schools of objected to by the Catholics." We are utterly opposed to the teach-ing of the Bible in public schools, no matter whether desired by Catholics or Protestants, or both. The reason is that the schools established by the State were not established for the purpose of teaching religion, and are not competent to do that work. What will be taught will be simply the empty shell, destitute of all power, for it is claimed that it is not desired to have the Bible in the schools for the purpose of teaching religion, but simply as a reading book. We reply that the Bible is essentially a religious book, and it is nothing less. The history and biography which it contains were written for the sole purpose of showing God's dealings with men. They are practical object lessons in real piety, or else in the results of a failure properly to acknowledge God ; and when the Bible is read or studied with any other object than to arrive at a knowledge of the religion which it inculcates, it is read and studied to no profit. There is no point in the argument that if the Bible is kept out of the schools, all books in which the name of God occurs should likewise be kept out, else some atheist will be disturbed. It is a matter of fact there is no such thing as a real atheist. This was well shown in a convention of so-called atheists in Paris a. few years ago, in which one of the leaders said, in an impassioned address, "I am an atheist, thank God." 2. No one ever heard of a conscientious objec-tion to the teaching of grammar. There is no parallel whatever between the teaching of gram-mar and the teaching of the Bible. There is no difference of opinion concerning grammar, arith-metic, and geography. Those principles are well known and agreed to by all men of all nations and all classes. If the same thing were true in regard to the Bible, there could be no objection to having it taught in the schools. We say that if there were no disagreement as to the doctrines which the Bible teaches,Šif all men who know anything about it were perfectly agreed upon it, as are all educated persons upon the principles of mathematics and language, and if there were no more possibility for a disagreement than there is upon the principles of these studies, there could be no objection to its being taught, because there would be nobody to object in that case. If a per-son did not want to study the Bible, he could re-frain from studying it, just as he can now refrain from the study of the common branches of knowl-edge, if he wishes to remain ignorant. This covers the whole ground. The trouble with those who plead for the Bible in the public schools, is that they do not discriminate between it and the common text-books. As we have before charged, they bring the Bible down to a level of grammar and geography; thus they convict them-selves of the very things they charge us with, namely, of working against true religion and a real knowledge of the Bible. We think anyone can see the justness of our opposition. We are op-posed to the teaching of the Bible in the public schools, because we love the Bible, and we do not want to have people steeled against what influence it has in the world, by having it taught as a thing of no more importance than grammar. E. J. W. Constructive Crime. THE New York Independent of March 14, 1889, presents a piece of news that most excel-lently serves to illustrate how the National Re-form theory of the ten commandments being  made our civil and political code, may be made to work practically. The New York Times, be-ing opposed to Mr. Harrison's administration in general, and to Mr. Wanamaker, the new Post-master-General, in particular, declared that when Mr. Wanamaker took the office as Postmaster-General he broke two of the ten commandments. The two commandments which the Times asserts that Mr. Wanamaker broke are the last two : "Thou shalt not bear false witness ; " and, " Thou shalt not covet." The Times says, however, that it does not suppose that Mr. Wanamaker was conscious of having violated either of them. Yet it asserts, nevertheless, that he did violate them both, and is therefore guilty of both. To sustain its indict-ment of Mr. Wanamaker, the Times testifies that he "contributed to a campaign fund of the Re-publican party that was expended in the most ex-tended scheme for bearing false witness against the majority of the American people, and in par-ticular against the leaders of that majority in pol-itics." That is the way in which, according to the Times, Mr. Wanamaker broke the ninth com-mandment. That he broke the tenth commandment is proved by the Times in this way: " Protection to American industries," says the Times, is a "form of covetousness." Mr. Wanamaker, having worked and contrib-uted for the protection of American industries, is therefore guilty of covetousness. And then the Times, according to its own estimate, having con-victed Mr. Wanamaker of such heinous crimes, gives vent to the doleful prospect before the country by the sore lamentation that "it is plain that we are in the presence of a pervading demor-alization such as the republic has never witnessed before." This proceeding is strictly in the line of the National Reform theory of government. If the ten commandments were the civil code of this country, then the Times could carry a case against Mr. Wanamaker upon that plea. Every action in the life of every man would fall within the purview of judicial investigation and process; be-cause there is nothing that a man may do that does not involve one or more of the ten com-mandments. Such a system of government as is proposed by the National Reform Association and its allies who are working so strenuously for religious legislation, would annihilate every form of civil freedom, to say nothing of religious free-dom. The evils of the old English process of "constructive treason" were not a circumstance compared with the state of affairs which this would create. Is It a Christian Nation? THE Christian Statesman of March 7 presents nearly two columns of selected matter under the heading of "Public Morals." The matter consists of six different items. The first item tells that thirty thousand children of school age in the city of Chicago are said to be addicted to the use of strong drink. The third item quotes from the New York Mail and Express that there " are something like ten million men and women in this country who do not hesitate to get drunk when-ever they feel like it, regardless of laws or any-thing else." The fourth item is from the New York corre-spondent of the Philadelphia Public Ledger, re-lating to the condition of things in the city and State of New York, stating that at Albany there 