AMERICAN SENTINEL. 171 work by atheists and others they do not like is necessa-rily bad and ought to be prohibited. The effect of the bill, of course, was to arouse a -deeper antagonism to religion in the minds of those most in need of its priceless blessings. Here is what one of this class says of it in a letter to the Free Thought Magazine :Š "The following is 'a copy of the present puritanical `Sunday law' of Iowa. There is now a movement on foot to make this law enough worse to be worthy of fourteentb century legislation. Here is the present law:Š " 'Sm. 5040. If any person be found on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, engaged in Tarrying firearms, dancing, hunting, shooting, horse-racing, or in any manner disturbing a worshiping assembly or private family, or in buying or selling prop-erty of any kind, or in any labor except that of neces-sity or charity, he shall be fined not more than five nor less than one dollar, and be imprisoned in the county jail until the fine, with costs of prosecution, shall be paid; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to those who conscientiously observe the sev-enth day as the Sabbath, or to prevent persons travel-ing or families emigrating from pursuing their journey, -or keepers of toll bridges, toll gates, and ferrymen from attending the same.' "You will readily see that, as the law now stands, it can be used to harass, fine, and imprison people who have done no one a wrong and who have disturbed no one. You will see that it recognizes the conscientious scruples of Jews and Adventists, but not of the larger and more intelligent class known as Liberals, Agnostics and Freethinkers. We can therefore say that the law is unjust, puritanical, and partial. But self-appointed meddlers in other people's private affairs are not even satisfied with this outrageous law. On Jan. 25, 1900, Senator Hazelton introduced a bill in the Senate (Sen. File 124), to strike out the phrase, 'except that of neces-sity or charity,' in ithe present law. If the reactionists can pass that bill they will have no trouble in finding a pretext to worry and fine every Freethinker, Agnostic, and Liberal in the State, for it would be almost impos-sible even to live and care for our families and domestic animals without in some way violating this law. It is pretty safe to say that preaching would be about the only occupation not prohibited by this law. The law in its present form has been used by those who 'love their enemies,' to harass and worry those who love their friends and are just to their enemies, to make them see the great beauty of godliness and piety." Sunday Enforcement in South Carolina. IN Spartansburg, S.C., an agitation has been started for the enforcement of the Sunday law, and definite steps to this end are expected to be taken at the March term of court, which is now in progress. The situation is set forth in the following from a Spartansburg Journal, the Free Lance:Š "Again we have been urged to continue to call public  attention to the fact that work is being done on Sunday in the machine shops of our cotton mills. Only last week a mechanic told us that he worked six days in the machine shop and, on Saturday he was told to report for work on the following Sunday morning; that he did not want to work on Sunday, but should he refuse, he would lose his job. He further stated that at one mill in the country the boss machinist had said that at that mill there was Sunday work for the next six months. "These statements are startling and call for serious consideration by our people. Work on Sunday is not only forbidden by the Bible, but it is prohibited by the statute law of South Carolina, and we are derelict of our duty if we wink at these violations of both divine and human laws, simply because the one who forces this work on Sunday is a big corporation. "The Free Lance is a secular and not a religious paper, but as most of the preachers of the county, we are glad to say, are readers of its pages, weŁ  hereby tender to these noble men the use of our columns so that they may enter their solemn protest against this flagrant disregard of the fourth commandment and against the desecration of the day set apart by all civilized and Christian people as a day of rest. Work on Sunday is either right or wrongŠthere can be no middle ground; and this commandment is universal in its application. The observance of the Sabbath is bind-ing alike upon the rich and the poor, the farmer and the merchant, the factory president and the mechanic in the repair shop, and the saving of a little time or of a few dollars should have no place in determining whether an act is right or wrong. . . . "This matter is now up to the Grand Jury and to Solicitor Sease, and the parties in interest want to know what will be done about the matter at the March term of court." The Sunday law of South Carolina, as applying to secular labor, was a very mild affair so far as its penal-ties went, up to the year 1899. It read thus:Š "No tradesman, artificer,workman, laborer, or other person whatsoever, shall do or exercise any worldly labor, business, or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day, (commonly called Sunday), or any part thereof, (work of necessity or charity only excepted); and every person, being of the age of fifteen years or upwards, offending in the premises, shall, for every such offense, forfeit the sum of one dollar." The law was, however, severe upon corporations run-ning railway trains in the State on Sunday, this form of labor being prohibited under a penalty of $500. Last year the legislature amended the law by adding to it the following:Š "That on and after the approval of this Act, in addition to the penalties prescribed against tradesmen, artificers, workmen, and laborers who shall do or exercise any worldly labor, business or work of their ordinary calling upon the Lord's day (commonly called the Sabbath) or Sunday, or any part thereof, any cor-poration, company, firm or person who shall order, require or direct any work to be done in any machine shop or shops on Sunday, except in cases of emergency, 