AMERICAN SENTINEL. government, then the evils in our Government are made and sustained by "Christians." And if the majority of the people of this country are not "Christians," it is treason to Republican institu-tions for these God-in-the-Constitution advocates to ask that laws shall be enacted putting their sectarian god in the Constitution, for that would be ruling by the fiat of tyranny, and not by majority rule.ŠThe Univer-sal Republic. State Religion the Enemy of the Sabbath. [THE rise of state religion, in the countries profess-ing Christianity, began with a repudiation of the au-thority of God, which was repudiated by 'a repaidiation of his Sabbath. Upon this subject we note the following in the Sabbath Recorder:Š] When men began to cast the Sabbath and the law of God aside, they naturally sought for something to take their place; for men must have some standard of authority in matters of religion. Gradually a number of annual or occasional festivals were transferred from the paganism which still held the greater part of the people. The sun-god was !it this time a great favorite in the Roman Empire, and at the opening of the fourth century the Emperor Constantine the Great was a spe-cial devotee of this god, Apollo. Under the law of the empire, the emperor was Pontifex MaximusŠthat is, Great High Priest. As such, it was his duty to appoint all festivals and religious holidays. The day of the sun had already become associated with the resurrection of Christ, and in 321 A. D. the emperor made the first Sun-day law. It was wholly pagan as to its language and spirit, and there was no reference in it to anything Chris-tian, or to the"venerable day of the sun" as being in any way a Christian institution. Neither did the pleas that were put forth in favor of observing Sunday in commemoration of the resurrec-tion of Christ make any claims to Biblical authority. The prominence given to the sun's day by the civil law, and the stigma placed upon the Sabbath as being only Jewish, gave great advantage to the Sunday in the struggle for popularity with the masses who came into the church from among the heathen. The civil law was exalted as the standard of authority for Sunday, and the Sabbath was left without authority as fast as the growth of the pagan influence could destroy it., But a still more powerful change was going on in the development of the idea of the "Catholic Church," whose authority was made to be supreme in matters specifically religious. The idea of Christianity as the universal religion rested upon an important truth. But the embodiment of that truth in a state church was a serious perversion of the truth. Nevertheless the spirit of the time, and the prevalent pagan conception that religion should be controlled by the civil authority, "Dien Et Mon Droit." BY THOMAS ROBERT WILLIAMSON. "GOD and my right," the kings of a land Inscribe these words above their throne, Making proud claim secure to stand Chosen of God to rule, alone. "Dieu et mon droit." His right, the king's, and as he permits Rights may be held by those below. His right divine, enthroned he sits, And all obey, he wills it so. "Dieu et mon droit." Man and his right, the right of each man, Of soul to feel, of mind to know, Of hand to act, this better plan Has come in later days I trow. "Dieu et mon droit." And the phrase fits as well as of old Dieu et mon droit, God and my right, My right divine to have and hold My native, free, God-given birthright. "Dieu et mon droit." My right to work and my right to play, My right to worship as I will; To live my life, my night, my day, Low-born and poor, I cry out still, "Dieu et mon droit." Shall king, or state, or a churchlpresume To rob me of this gift of God? Must my heart quail, my knee assume A slavish pose at man's proud nod? "Dieu et mon droit." God and your right, toiling fellow-man, We'll cry together toward God's throne. We need the same, God's equal plan That makes us brothers and Christ's own. "God and our right. And if oppressed let us lift no sword; Just trust that One7on whomlwe Our right's divine, and God the Lord Is our defense, our hope, our all. "Dieu et mon droit." There's a state, a king, a land of fame; Soon shall I call their freedom mine. Tyrannic force shall sink in flame, And love's sweet bond shall ever join "Dieu et mon droit." Oakland, Cal. -44  WE are told by the orthodox clergy who areagitat_ ing to put "God in the Constitution," that the majority of people in this country are "Christians," and that these demand God in the Constitution in the interest of good government. As the majority rules in our form of 