Nineteenth Century Medimvalism. DISAPPROVING-  of the Coxeyite move-ment does not entail approval of the treat-ment of the Denver contingent of the army which is now lying in jail at Fort Sydney, Neb. According to the dispatches the men have been confined more than a month in a small building, hardly large enough to accommodate one-half their number. Many of the prisoners have no blankets or other covering, and are compelled to sleep on the bare floor, which is overrun with vermin. They are without the most common conveniences generally granted to even the lowest class of criminals in all prisons. The men are guarded by about forty deputy United States marshals, who allow the prisoners no outdoor exercise except an occasional bath in the creek. Two meals a day are given, generally con-sisting of boiled beef, often tainted, bread, and a thin infusion of coffee. To make matters worse an epidemic of typhoid fever has broken out among the prisoners.- The Examiner. Are we living in the latter part of the nineteenth century, or in the Middle Ages, which ? The men who are responsible for such outrages should be put for a long term where the Coxey movement would not trouble them. MR. GEORGE, of Mississippi, has intro-duced into the Senate a joint resolution for an amendment to the Constitution providing that eight hours shall be a legal day's work for persons doing manual labor, and forbidding an employer to allow an employ• to work more than 48 hours a week. But why 48 ? Is there anything sacred and mystical about that number ? There would still have to be a Saturday half holiday. That would reduce the hours of labor to 44 a week. Then there should be a mid-week rest on Wednesday. Hours of labor remaining, 36. But Mon-day should be fishing day, Tuesday hunt-ing day, Thursday speech and convention day, and Friday should be set apart to making the hours of labor still shorter. Then instead of 48 hours a week, 0 hours a week would be a constitutional week's labor. Still, Mr. George could have done better by resolving to abolish hours and labor altogether.- The Sun. SURELY the country in which Romanism gets the most and gives the least is Ire-land. A Dublin paper says that to any one who has much to do with religious work in Ireland it is evident that Rome is not changed in the matter of- persecution. The other day a mother who had placed her children in a convent in the suburbs of Dublin, went to reclaim them, she hav-ing, since their admission, become a Prot-estant. A hostile crowd assembled, and the mother was compelled to go away without her children. It will be like this n America if the Romanists and the half-breed Protestants have their way.--The Denver American. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath; so ealled. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them _here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond Bt., New York City. AtieTusT 28, 1804. AIVICV nitCAN-  IE.INtir'IN 1,63 RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. A monthly publication (with occasional extras) published by the International Religious Liberty Asso-ciation. The following have been issued:- No. 1. Duis PROCESS OF LAW AND THE DIVINE RIGHT OF DISSENT. An interesting and instructive work upon the "Process of Law," "Christianity and the Common Law," " Individual Right of Religious Belief," " The Divine Right of Dissent," etc , in review of Judge Hammond's decision in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price 15 ets. No. 2. RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE IN THE REPUBLIC. A lucid and vivid portrayal of recent persecutions in Tennessee, written by the editor of the Arena. 16 pages. Price 2 ets. No. 3. CHURCH AND STATE. A timely document upon the origin of Church and State union with the arguments and excuses for Sunday laws, laws exempting Church property 'rom taxation, laws against blasphemy, religious tests, etc., Al well considered. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. CO pages. Price 10 cts. No. 4. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday-rest Bill. A thorough catechism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price 25 cts. No. 5. SUNDAY LAWS IN THE UN/TED STATES. Their groundlessness and unconstitutionality exposed. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. 6. THE CAPTIVITY OF THE REPUBLIC. A Report of the Hearing on the Sunday Closing of the World's Fair, before the House Committee on Columbian Exposition, Jan. 10-13, 1893. 128 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 7. APPEAL AND REMONSTRANCE. Resolutions adopted by the General Conferenc of the Seventh-Day Adventists, Feb. 24, 1893, with documentary evidence attached. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. 8. APPEAL FROM THE U. S. SUPREME COURT DECISION MAKING THIS A Ł Ł CHRISTIAN NATION." A PROTEST. A review of the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, de-claring that "this is a Christian nation;" a powerful protest against the union of Church and State involved in this deci-sion; also the subsequent act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and how it was secured. The work contains the text, in full, of this remarkable decision of the U. S. Supreme Court. By A. T. Jones, Editor American Sentinel, New York City. 86 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 9. SHALL RELIGION BE TAUGHT IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS? A lucid exposition of both the unconstitutionality and imprac-ticability of connecting religion with our public school educa-tional system. 12 pages. Price 1 cts. No. 10. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND THE MORMON QUESTION. Is the Prohibition of Polygamy Religious Legislation ? 20 pp. Price 2ji cts. No. 11. THE "CIVIL SABBATH; " OR DISGUISED RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. Sabbath laws shown to be religious and only religious. 12 pages. Price 114 cts. No. 12. THE COLUMBIAN YEAR, ANG THE MEANING OF THE FOUR CENTURIES. An address delivered by Alonzo T. Jones, on Columbus Day, 1892. Revised to date, 44 pages. Price 5 cts. No. 13. THE LIMITS OF CIVIL AUTHORITY, from the stand-point of natural rights and divine obligation. 12 pages. Price cts. No. 1& CHRIST AND THE SABBATH. A study of the spiritual nature of the Sabbath and what Sabbath-keeping really is,. showing the impossibility of its enforcement by civil law. 44 pages. Price 6 cts. No. 15, ROME'S CHALLENGE: WHY Do PROTESTANTS KEEP SUNDAY ? A reprint of a series of articles which appeared recently in the Catholic Mirror, the official organ of the papacy in the United States, in which Protestants are sharply arraigned on account of the absurdity of their position with reference to the Sunday institution; with copious notes, by A. T. Jones, Editor of the American Sentinel. 40 pages. Price 5 cts. No. 16. OUR ANSWER: WHY Do SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS SUFFER IMPRISONMENT RATHER THAN KEEP SUNDAY ? A brief, historical, scriptural presentation of the Sabbath-the sign of loyalty to God-and Sunday-the sign of loyalty to the Roman Catholic Church. " It should be translated into every language, and placed in the hands of every person on the earth."--A. T. Jones, Editor American Sentinel. No. 17. SCRIPTURAL RELATION OF RELIGION AND THE STATE. A scriptural presentation of the principles upon which the proper relation of religion and the Stu: e is based, substantiated by facts of history. 80 pp. Price 10 ets. No. 18. CHRIST AND THE PHARISEES; OR, CHRIST'S FAITH-FULNESS IN SABBATH-KEEPING. A striking parallel between the time of Christ and our day, showing that as Christ was persecuted and even put to death for his faithfulness in keep-ing the Sabbath according to God's idea, so in our day those who keep God's Sabbath-the seventh day-are being and will continue to be persecuted for the sameŁ thing and for the same reasons. 40 pp. Price 5 cts. No. 19. PROTESTANTISM, TRUE AND FALSE. This work, by A. F. Ballenger, after stating clearly the fundamental princi-ples of true Protestantism, shows by incontrovertible evidence that modern Protestantism has tallen away from these princi-ples. 32 pages. Price 4 cents. Annual subscriptions to the Library, 31.00. Liberal discounts on any of the numbers in quantities and to the trade. Order of PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City, Or Oakland, Cal. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentiens of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 51 x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of theIlinisterial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as tile Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy" is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimata end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. pples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library THIS is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence. It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers cars be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued :- No. 1. Looking unto Jesus. ,.2. The Christian's Privilege. The Sure Promises of God. " 4. How to Get Knowledge. " 5. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) " 6. The Elect of God. " 7. How Esther Read Her Bible. " 8. The Thief on the Cross. " 9. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. " 11. Righteousness ; Where Is It to be Found Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents; or 12 copies for $1.00. Single subscriptions are not desir-able, for two reason: (1) The numbers being so small they are liable to be lgst in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the Library will be mailed in quantities at the following-rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4 00 per thousand copies. Always order by the NUMBER. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. (4 3.  