350, .A.1D9CmE8,iCA.10T VoL. 9. No. 44. sive. Hence, by enforcing Sunday observance on our house, the object of Article 14 of the factory law is defeated. The Federal Factory inspector acknowl-edged this in 1886, and ordered that in consequence we be not molested on account of Sunday work. 4. The enforcement of Sunday laws on Seventh-day Adventists is a violation of Article 49 of the Fed-eral Constitution, which says: "Religions liberty and freedom of conscience are inviolable. " No one may be compelled to take part in a religious organization, or in religious instruction, or to under-take a religious act, or suffer the infliction of punish. ment of any sort whatsoever on account of religious views. "The exercise of civil rights may be restricted by no sort, of precepts or conditions of an ecclesiastical nature. "Religious views do not release from the fulfillment of civil duties." It is our natural and inalienable right to serve God according to the dictates of our own consciences. The State cannot give us this right; we have it direct from God, by virtue of being human beings; and the State can only protect us in the exercise of this right. Should we attempt to exercise it in a way to invade our neighbor's rights, then the State must interfere, not because we are exercising our right, but to protect the rights of our neighbor. But while we keep the ten commandments, it cannot be made to appear that we invade the rights of our neighbor. Further, under Article 49, we read : "Religious views do not release from the fulfillment of civil duties." But it being our ncstural right to work, and only a religious but never a civil duty to rest from labor one day every week, it cannot be claimed that it is a duty which we owe to the State to rest on Sunday. Again, under the same article we read: "No one may be subjected to fines [or punishment] of any kind whatsoever because of his religious views." The sole and only reason why I am fined under the Sunday law is because of my re-ligious belief that I must keep Saturday. Z. I appeal from the decision of the police court, not from a motive to resist the civil government, but because I must obey God rather than man. The civil government being ordained of God, is under and not above him. Now, if the State makes laws hindering me from keeping the commandments of God, who is above the State, it thereby elevates itself above God, and we cannot obey it in this presumption. Paul, who was inspired to write, that we should be subject to the powers that be, lived under a heathen government, which commanded men to honor the gods of Rome and forbade as treason the introduction of another god; but he did introduce another God, who overthrew all the gods of Rome. This proves that the command to be subject to the powers that be cannot have reference to religion. In Romans 13: 2-4, we read : " Whosoever there-fore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power ? do that which is good and thou shalt have praise of the same. For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." Thus it is plain that God's order in ordaining the State is for the punish-ment of evil-doers and the praise of them that do well: and when the State pronounces this evil and punishes me for it, the State is acting against God's order, 6. The province of the State is to protect the individ-ual in the exercise of his natural rights ; and not to pro-tect majorities only, and even aid the majority in de-priving the minority of some of their natural rights. One of the natural rights of man is to perform honest labor. When the State obliges me to rest or cease labor on Sunday, it deprives me of this right. If the majority has the right to deprive me of one natural right, it may deprive me of all, and thus reduce me to the condition of slavery. After observing the seventh day in obedience to our consciences instructed by the Bible, we have the same right to work six days as those who keep the first day. If first-day observers have a right to use the State to force us to keep the first day after we have rested the seventh, we have the same right to use the State to force them to rest the seventh day in addition to the first,' We acknowledge the right of the State to pro-tect us in our right to rest; but we protest against the StateŁ forcing us to lay aside our regular work on a day on which our conscience tells us to labor. 7. In forcing Sunday observance on me and Sev-enth-day Adventists whom I represent, the State de-prives us of one-sixth of our income. It is declared that the Sunday law does not hinder our keeping the Sabbath; but it does rob us of one-sixth of our living. What right has the majority to impose a tax of 16% per cent. on the minority for the privilege of exercis-ing, freedom of conscience ? The Constitution grants freedom of conscience to every citizen; hence a law which imposes a tax of 16% per cent. on the minority fox this privilege is openly against the Constitution. As Christians, it is our duty to provide for our fam- ilies. " But if any provide not for his own, and es-pecially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel." 1 Tim. 5: 8. Under the present conditions it is impossible to main-tain a family with but five days work per week ; hence by prohibiting our working on Sunday, the State brings U8 into a condition which the Bible calls heathen ; and so these Sunday laws would force us to deny the faith. The State's attorney argued that the Sunday law prohibited our work in the factory only, and that we could work at home. But here we would be restricted by other Sunday laws ; and very few factory hands have work at home that would be remunerative. Be-cause we keep the Sabbath, it is almost impossible to find work among Sunday-keepers; so we must have factories of our own ; and if we are not allowed to work on Sunday, we are certainly oppressed by the State because of our religion. 8. It is also argued that Sunday laws are civil, not religious, and so cannot interfere with religious lib-erty. But they do interfere with our religious liberty. Wherever such laws are enforced, there is liberty of conscience only for those that accept Sunday and those that are indifferent about the day. But it is our duty to work six days, and Sunday being one of these six work days I must work on it in order to keep the commandment Again, Sunday laws are a violation of Article 49 of the Constitution, which says: " The exercise of civil or political rights cannot be restricted by any kind of regulations or conditions of a religious or ecclesiastical nature." Sunday is a church institution. It was es-tablished by the church, and has ever been promoted by the church. It is to be found only where profess-ing Christians are found. The week is not a natural division of time, but is purely a Bible institution, given by inspiration, and Sunday is to occupy the place of the Sabbath in the week. Only those nations that have the Bible have the week. When the French Revolution rejected the Bible, it rejected the week, and also Sunday as a part of it. Another evidence that Sunday is religious is that its chief promoters are the, ministers. This is true in all parts of the world. Societies formed for the promotion of Sunday observ-ance are organized by ministers and religious people; and with few exceptions, the officers of such societies are ministers. Furthermore, Sunday law advocates do not want a secular Sunday. That is the very thing they don't want. The chief agitators for Sunday laws want a religious day. The religious Part is the essential part. The proceedings of the international congresses for Sunday Rest show this with sufficient plainness. (Conclusion next week.) Ł Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] United Presbyterians Favor Church Taxa- tion. PITTSBURG, Oct. 29.ŠShould church property be exempt from taxation was vigorously discussed and answered in the negative here to-day by the United Pres-byterian Ministers' Association. The Rev. John A. Wilson, D.D., of the United Presbyterian Theological Seminary pre-sented an able paper upon the subject. Incidental to the subject there was con-siderable discussion of the proneness of some ministers to ask reductions in the bills of their grocers, bakers, butchers, tailors, and others with whom they deal, out of respect to the cloth. This practice was bitterly denounced by all who spoke on the subject.ŠNew York Sun, Oct. SO. The Pope's Views on the Union of the East-ern and Western Churches. RoME, Oct. 29.ŠThe text of the pope's speech to the conference held to consider the union of the Eastern and Western churches has just been made public, al-though the speech was delivered on the 24th. After praising all who had helped bring about the conference, he said :Š " We wish that all governments alike had embraced this grand ideal, inasmuch as the work, if achieved, will be for the  interest and benefit of the entire world; but political views and, still more, we regret to say, the unreasonable jealousies of some of the goveinments, which show in what condition the papacy is placed, have prevented these reunions from hav-ing the large and solid results rightly expected from them. " Above all, we must lament the ab-sence of the patriarch of the Armenians. We shall not on this account, however, recede from our purpose, and, even if we can count only within certain limits on political union, nothing will prevent us from solving the grand problem from the religious side while awaiting more pro-pitious times for the rest of the work."ŠNew York Sun, Oct. SO. A Means of Education. IF the tendency to adopt " Romish ceremonial " does not ultimately bring about the reunion of all Christians in one true faith, it will yet have some good effect. Formerly it was a severe task to get prospective converts to understand and accept the ceremonies of the church. The Protestant sects, in adopting them and using them in their churches, are doing a great deal of educational work which formerly came upon the shoulders of the Catholic priests. Protestants, in thus becoming acquainted with Catholic ceremonies, render themselves easy con-verts to the faith.ŠBoston Republic. In America and In Europe. The debate in the Hunga-rian House of Magnates on the bill for extending reli-gious freedom in Hungary commenced on Wednes-day, Oct. 4th. The prin-cipal point of difference is in reference to a clause which has been in force in Cisleithania for the past twenty-six years, . . . permitting people when describing themselves to declare that they belong to no recognized faith, or that they are confessionslos (which is not identical with professing no reli-gion). Cardinal Bishop Schlauch, however, declared the clause to be religious anarchism, and said that it could only promote social revolution, atheism, and irreligion, and pre-pare the way for political anarchism, just as the bill in reference to the Jews permitting, among other things, Christians to be con-verted to Judaism would contribute to undermine the moral basis of the Hungarian people.ŠFrom London Tablet, Roman Catholic, reprinted in Catholic Review of October 28, 1894. The Power of the Saloons. THE churches are bodily against Tam-many, and this is a formidable ,power, but with 9,000 saloons as a reserve at their back the Tammany leaders think they can set the churches, of which there are less than 1,000 in this city, at defiance. Tam-many does not like to believe that the liquor dealers are in open revolt against the blackmailers. "Each one of these saloons," said a Tam-many leader the other day, " absolutely controls not less than six votes. There are 54,000 votes in all we are sure of. The regular organization has in addition not The Catholic Review does not as a rule take part in politics. On the contrary it carefully avoids it. The exception happens when faith, morals, or Catholic rights are in jeopardy. In that case, it speaks out without fear or favor, without partisan bias or prejudice, having no entangling alliance with any party or organization. In this election it is forced in self-defense to say: Vote against the A. P. A. ; against any and every candidate and any and every party that affiliates with, truckles to, secretly encourages or openly fav-ors political proscription for reasons of conscience. Religious liberty is of more worth than tariff taxes or any other minor issue. Vote against the A. P. A. ! ŠCatholic Review, New York, Oct. 28, 1894. 