equal and axactit.w.ice to all Men, of Whatever state or c'eruaion, Religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 8, 1892. NUMBER 48. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NKW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN. W. H. McKEE. THAT the " evangelical " churches of the United States have taken possession of the governmental authority of the-United-States, is plain to every one who will can-didly consider the subject. That they purpose to keep this power and use it, they have plainly and repeatedly declared. Š0Š WE are inquiring what effect this course will have upon the churches, and through them upon the State? So far, we have found that the effect upon the churches has been, stating it briefly, to commit them to open apostasy from the Lord and from his gospel; to make them the chiefest law-breakers in the Nation, even the destroyers of government itself; and to form them into the grandest sys-tem of bribery that this Nation ever sawŠbribery in politics, bribery in business, and bribery in amusements. And all this, that they may be confirmed in their effort to make void the law of the Most High. Š0Š THE churches profess that the course which they have taken is essential to the preservation of the State, and in this the salvation of the Nation. What effect, then, can such a course have, and only have? We have before shown how that it was to help her bear an overweight of worldliness and worldly influences, that she grasped the arm of the State and formed this illicit connection with worldly power. We there pointed out the utter incongruity of seeking deliverance from an evil, by a positive alliance with the chiefest source of that evil; and how the only effect this could have upon the churches would be infinitely to increase  the burden which they already found themselves unable to bear alone. How can that save the Nation ? THE Church of Christ is the divinely-appointed means through which God would call the nations to seek the Lord that they might find him and be delivered from this present evil world : what, then, when these professed churches of Christ themselves seek to the power of this pres-ent evil world, join themselves to it, and put their dependence upon it? How can Oat save the Natioa Š0Š THE Church of Christ is the divinely-appointed agency to " persuade men " to join themselves to the Lord: what, then, when these professed churches of Christ threaten congressmen in order that they themselves may succeed in joining them-selves to the Government? How can that preserve the State or save the Nation ? THE Church of Christ is the divinely-appointed agency to persuade men to send up their petitions to the Lord for help, and for deliverance from every burden and from every evil: what, then, when the professed churches of Christ themselves send up their petitions to men, even though the men be congressmen, and though the petitions be backed up with threats? How can that save the Nation? Š0-- BOTH society and the State are already cursed with the unsatiable demand for office, or position of trust, in return for political service rendered : what, then, when the professed churches of Christ make this the very chosen channel through which they would make successful their aims upon the State? What effect, then, can this have upon society and the State, other than to increase this curse even to ruinous depths? BRIBERY is already become so common as easily to frustrate the will of the peo-ple : what, then, when these churches take the lead " bribing with a monopoly of worldly honors and emoluments," all  whom they can seduce to compliance with their arbitrary will, regardless of the will of the people whether expressed in the supreme law or in the direct voice of the people? What can be the effect of this upon the State, other than to increase in untold ratio the already too general corruption? BY the enactment of wholesome laws, the people have been doing their best to protect themselves from the rule of the tyrannical spirit of the boycott. But how can the people protect themselves from this despotism, when the churches control the law-making power for the general community, and make the boycott in all business relations their chosen means by which to force submission to their will in the local community? What, then, can be the effect of this, other than to so culti-vate the spirit of spying and treachery as to destroy mutual confidence and individ-ual integrity; set every man's hand against his neighbor; and fill the land with deceit and violence? LAWLESSNESS is already so prevalent as almost to threaten the existence of a re-publican form of government : what, then, when the professed churches of Christ at one leap land themselves in the lead in this, by disregarding the supreme law, overriding the Constitution, and taking the governthental authority out of the hands of the people and into their own lawless hands? In this they have accom-plished their long-announced " object" "to change that feature of our funda-mental law " which declares that " gov-ernments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." But how can' this preserve the State? How can this save the Nation? What effect in-deed can it possibly have other than to produce here that condition of lawlessness and confusion, yet of ecclesiastical des-potism, that is always created by attempts of the Church to rule? Š0Š HERE, then, are these churches profes- 