AMERICAN SENTINEL. 47 13001-CS We Can CC)m 'erid. Contains two good stories, the first being of the struggles of a fa-mily, the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and perhaps h e' d tumble out of the ship and det drowned." The second tells of the faithful ef-forts of a boy to sup-port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. Ł The author, Rev. at  Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most c  interesting description at  of the social and Ł gious characteristics of the Hindus. The book c  is illustrated with twelve native drawings. Ł Cloth, 6oc. SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; JOHN OF c LEFT WITH A TRUST c NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA f,)  AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS WYCLIFFE op JACK THE CONQUEROR est of "the reformers be- i) one of intense interest, t The first and longest and is here told in such V story is that of ten-year- taews.3eyt  asto  too theultivate his  old p overty- stricken tr Jack Harold. His fa- opportunities and econ- onaize his time. they and mother were V both dead, and his aunt C would not allow him to go to school. How his C ambition was aroused, Vetc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 6oc. ; THOUGHTS FROM THE o c MOUNT OF BLESSING 0 An exposition of the " Sermon on the Mount. V "It can by no means C be read with profit at ;fpone sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates. " ŠBaptist Un ion. O At Contains 209 pages, 1 18 half-tone engrav-v, ings, is bound in cloth V at 75c, and half-calf at C $5.00. iMAKING HOME 0 An entertaining story of how an unhappy ‚P ip home was made and kept happy, together c at, with the influence it had over other homes. 0 V Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. Th life of  e this great- 0 And Other Stories fore the Reformation" is ert F., ukor'l  Cloth, 6oc. MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES cA  A reproduction of V the principal" speeches and de-bates o f Abraham Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer,"  Lincoln during the  "Thrst:* '1The Tempting Gloves" "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, C years 1854-1861, to- 4)  A postpaid. gether with those of r his political antago-nist, Stephen A. Douglas. A fascin-ating volume of over 550  large pages. Cloth, $1.75. 4")  GOLDEN GRAINS ; - HAPPY 32o pages and 45 beau-tiful stories V for children. Following 2) are some of V the titles: • "Joe Ben- ton's Coale  Yard. "A "This Hand V Nevere Struck Me," 10 "The Burnt 0 An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. A. comprehensive his-tory of that portion of Africa drained by the - Kongo and its tributar-ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. The author, Rev. Hol-m a n Bentley, writes from personal observa-tion, and gives much interesting information concerning this much-talked-of country. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us, the Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-itants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. A book well calculated to show forth the love of Christ, and to draw the reader into. a closer connection with Him. Containf  237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which are three-color half-tones. Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. • LIFE ON THE KONGO A series of V pamphlets, C containing STORY OF REDEMPTION PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%x4% inch-es, 495 Pages, 6 il-lustrations.The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 400. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. 39 Bond Street, New York City. 