38 AMERICAN SENTINEL. or help them, to be good; but "there is none that doeth good, no, not one." They have appealed to the wrong source for rest and righteousness. This cannot be the appeal of Christians, for they are "kept by the power of God"Šnot by the arm of flesh, nor by the power of the State. And Bible Christians are not heard pleading that all temptations or tests be removed from them; but their cry is, "Search me, 0 God, and know my heart; try me, and know my thoughts, and see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting." With the noble-hearted Ł Paul we hear them say triumphantly, "We glory in tribulations also." Temptations and tests have their place in the devel-opment of Christian character, and "God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it." To appeal to man in view of this assurance of our Father's care is to deny him, and make manifest to the world a weak and faith-less generation. Louisville, Ky. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 19. BY C. H. KESLAKE. CHRIST did not begin his ministry until he was bap-tized with the Holy Ghost and with power. From that time, throughout his ministry he was under the immedi-ate control of the Holy Spirit, by it accomplishing all his work. This is plainly to be seen in the life of Christ, so that for the Pharisees to reject Christ was to reject the Holy Spirit. As has been stated, the words and acts of Christ con-flicted with those of the religious teachers of his time. An instance is given in Matthew 15: "Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees which were of Jerusalem, saying, Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread. But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradi-tions?" Showing how they had done this, he continued, "Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition." And again, "In vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Verses 1-9. Thus far we can see clearly that whatever the Phari-sees taught, it made of none effect the comman dments of God; nor could it be otherwise, for against God's com-mandments they put the commandments of men. What the net result of their work was is expressed by Christ in the following terrible denunciation, "Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outwardly, but are within full of dead men's bones, and  of all uncleanness. Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity." Matt. 23:27,28. And all this shows that the teachings of the Pharisees in making void the com-mandments of God could have no other effect than to make one appear outwardly religious, while inwardly they were full of iniquity. It is plain, therefore, that they taught neither the law nor the gospel. Christ's preaching being directly opposite to that of the Pharisees, it must therefore have had an exactly op-posite effectŠit upheld the law of God, teaching the peo-ple, not only that the law should be kept, but also how they should keep it. And as Christ preached under the direct control of the Holy Spirit, it follows that when the gospel is faithfully preached, through the guidance of the Holy Spirit, it will lead sinners to reverence God's law and to keep it. And unlike the teachings of the Phar-isees, it will make so complete a change in the believer that it will cleanse him within and without. But it was Christ's attitude in regard to the Sabbath that particularly aroused the opposition of the Phari-sees, and because of it they began to persecute him and to plan to kill him. It is well to bear in mind that Christ was "Lord of the Sabbath day." Mark 2:28. He it was who made the Sabbath in the first place. Compare John 1:1-3; Mark 2:27. That being so he knew exactly what Sabbath-keeping was, and therefore nothing that he could do on the Sabbath day could by any means be a violation of the Sabbath. And beyond all this, "God was in Christ," "mani-fested in the flesh;" and therefore every act of Christ on the Sabbath day was a manifestation of God's idea of Sabbath-keeping. Christ's preaching of the gospel was accompanied by the working of "miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst" of the people. Acts 2:22. And the most of the miracles recorded were wrought on the Sabbath day. This led the Pharisees to charge Christ with breaking the Sabbath and to deny that he was the Messiah. Thus the Pharisees said, "This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the Sabbath day." John 9:16. From this scripture and others it can be seen that the Sabbath had become the test as to whether Jesus was or was not the Messiah. AMERICAN expansionists have decided that the Filip Ł inos are not capable of governing themselves. It would be interesting to know what the Filipinos would decide concerning the capacity of Americans in this respect, if they could be furnished with statistics of a political campaign and a Tammany administration in New York City. GOVERN yourself before you seek to govern others. 