AMERICAN SENTINEL. 523 that earthly kingdom that God would protect them against their enemies. They now saw that their path was beset with foes and they must either depend wholly on God, as they said they would, or go to the king for protection, thus denying their profession. Ezra says, "We fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us." The church to-day claims the Lord as her glory and strength and that she must, in her controversy with evil, use the "sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God." Notwithstanding this, a large portion of it, asso-ciated in organizations, such as the "National Reform Association," "American Sabbath Union," "Women's National Sabbath Union," etc., are saying in word or action what was said in a speech by W. F. Crafts, in a plea for legislation in behalf of the church, made before a committee of Congress in 1888. He said, "What we ask for, is law;" and why do they ask for law? It is to fur-nish them power to overcome the world; yet all the while they are professing that "This is the victory that over-cometh the world, even our faith." All this they do and are not ashamed. "0, Consistency, thou art a jewel!" If the church would but practice what she preaches, and possess what she professes, the world would see her good works anl be led to glorify our Father which is in heaven. Hastings, Iowa. A Baptist Clergyman on Sunday Laws. IN pleasing contrast with what is usually put forth from the "orthodox" pulpit on the subject of Sunday laws, is the following from a recent discourse by Rev. Dr. Read, pastor of the First Baptist church of Los Angeles, Cal. His reasons for opposing the Sunday crusade cer tainly commend themselves to the candid judgment:Š "First, this movement is contrary to the plain teach-ings of the Bible. In Luke 20:25, our Lord said : 'Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and to God the things which be God's.' This divine law is our warrant for a complete separation of Church and State. Jesus himself would not allow the sword to be used in his defense. "Religious duties should be enforced only by religious motives and moral means. The observance of the Lord's day is a religious duty, and hence should not be enforced by civil penalties. All that the State should be asked to do for Christians in anything pertaining to religion is to afford them protection, in the exercise of their natural and inalienable rights. "And it is self-evident that in this respect all persons have equal rights. The Jew has as good a right to wor-ship on the seventh-day Sabbath as the Christian has to worship on the first day, . . . and any civil statute which imposes any disability upon the Jew or upon any Sabbatarian is obviously wrong. "It is claimed by the advocates of this movement for  Sunday laws that it is wholly as a rest day, and not as a religious day that they ask the State to require the ob- servance of the Lord's day. But I ask these men if they would consent to have the State pass a law requiring all business to be suspended on Wednesday instead of Sun- day? Having conscientiously observed the first day, . . would they be willing to lay aside their business for another day and so forego all the profits, of their business for one sixth part of their secular time? But this is precisely what they propose to compel every con-scientious Jew and Seventh-day Adventist and Seventh-day Baptist to do ! Thus this proposed law interferes not only with religious obligation, but also with one's duty to support his family, by honest toil. When the cit- izen shall rest, how he shall rest or where, is a question with which the State has nothing to do, any more than it has with the ways and times of his activity. If the State may prescribe when the citizen shah rest and how long, on the ground that such rest promotes health and morality, then it should go farther and prescribe what church he shall attend and what forms of religious worship he shall observe ! "Again, this proposed Sunday-closing law is in direct conflict with the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which guarantees religious liberty to all citizens. "And yet again this proposed law is in direct opposi-tion to all our Baptist principles and our splendid history in the past. From the beginning we have been the cham-pions of freedom and we shall be to the end. During the !ast two years in our own beloved land under the Stars and Stripes of our beautiful flag, there have been more than one hundred cases of relentless persecution in Ten-nessee and Maryland. Godly men have been fined, put in prison, and even in the chain-gang with the worst of criminals; all, and only, because they did not observe the first day of the week as their day of rest and wor-ship. "And last, I believe that all such efforts to promote religion and morality are not merely failures, but are worse; they are criminal blunders, inasmuch as they do most certainly exasperate and disgust many citizens who are not Christians, and turn them away from the churches, and from the Bible, and make it very much more difficult to bring them under the influence of our holy religion. Moreover, such a resort to force in efforts to secure the proper observance of the Lord's day is a virtual confes-sion of the inadequacy of moral motives and moral sua-sion. And let it be known that any observance of the Lord's day which is not the free choice of the soul it-self is not pleasing to God and will not receive His bless-ing! "As Christians let us be faithful in testimony for the truth and for duty, and live right lives, and then leave every man with his God and his own conscience; let us ask protection and only protection from the State, ren-dering to Caesar the things which be Cmsar's, and to God the things which be THE Independent (N. Y.), of August 12, gives the fol-lowing item of news from Spain, which contains a lesson in religious liberty:Š "For many years Pastor Fritz Fliedner, son of the famous Kaiserswerth reviver of the order of deaconnesses, has been the leading missionary of Protestantism in 