494 AMERICAN SENTINEL. will find them making long tramps into the country; but that is probably a religious duty, for when they tramp they wave sticks in the air, nobody knows why. They have no sense of dignity, for they may be foUnd walking with women. They even sit down at the same table with women, and the latter are served first. Yet the women are to be pitied, too. On festive occasions they are compelled to appear almost naked before every man who likes to look at them, and then they are dragged around a room to the accompaniment of the most hellish music." Observations. BY CHAS. L. MANNING. THE wretched temporal, mental and moral condition of the populace of Spain and her colonies, which have for centuries been united with the Roman Catholic Church, is incontrovertible proof that that religion does not elevate. WHEN the pope said, "What the papacy has done for other countries, it will do for the United States," he un-wittingly presented the best possible argument against the papacy and its supremacy in this country. THE principles of the United States Constitution or those of common honesty are of no consideration and are brushed aside when they stand in the way of those who are devoted to the self-imposed work of "national holiness" by law. IF the church had sufficient faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and should say unto the mountain of Infidelity, "Be thou removed," it would be removed. THE Sunday "Sabbatarians" content themselves with asserting that "Jesus changed the Sabbath day," but offer no Scriptural proof to support the assertion. The Lord is unchangeableŠ"the same yesterday, to-day, and forever." WITH religious fidelity the Sunday schools gather regularly on the first day of the week, and repeat in unison the commandment which says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." GOD says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord:" the church people claim the first day is the "Christian Sabbath." Jesus Christ, the founder of Chris-tianity and "Lord of. the Sabbath," kept the seventh day "according to the 'commandment," that the "law might be fulfilled." The Christianity that insists upon keeping holy a day not commanded by the "Lord of the Sabbath," must be a different brand of Christianity from that instituted by Christ, for it makes him a liar, by de-nying his teachings. THE Roman Catholics deny that they worship idols but say that instead, they worship the object which the image symbolizes. They, however, fail,to explain why it  would not be just as easy to worship the object in the first place without the aid of the images as beads. A re-ligious principle which requires that something be fash-ioned by the hands of man to keep him reminded of the object of his worship, certainly cannot have much power of spirituality inherent within itself. "Tins is the condemnation, that light is come into the world," . . . "and the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehendeth it not." "EQUAL rights to all"Šthere is no broader liberty under heaven than this. "WAR is hell," and it is hard to comprehend why the churches have any part in the fray, outside of relieving the distress of the combatants. Philadelphia, Pa. A Word for Our Illustrations. EDITOR SENTINEL : The cut on the front page of the SENTINEL for July 28, is very striking, and preaches a telling sermon. One thing I notice is that the clergyman who is using the civil law whip to force people on to the narrow road is himself down in the broad road. Of course, seeking to drive them, he could not very well be anywhere else. In that case it appears to me that he iS as bad off as those in whose midst he is. If they are in the wrong placeŠand undoubtedly they areŠthen so must he be. No oneŠnot even a clergymanŠcan be on both roads at one and the same time. Only those who are world-Hugs, whatever their profession may be, are ever on the broad road. And the fact that anyone is there, even though they are trying to drive others off, is proof that they are still of the world. If it is wrong for the others to be there, it is just as wrong for the clergyman, and if the means that he is using for their conversion(?) is necessary, why would not the same be necessary for him-self? And in that case why does he not lash himself before he lashes the others? The truth is, the place where the minister ought to be (and the minister of Jesus Christ will always be found there) is in the narrow way. There he would not be driving people; he just couldn't. All he could do would be to stand with outstretched arms, pleading with the worldling below to come up into the heavenly places, and show that the only means by which they could be transferred from the one place to the other is by faith, not lawŠnot even by divine law. Jesus says, "Follow me," "The Spirit and the Bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come." Let all ministers do likewise, and not try to drive. It is to be hoped that all such ministers who are urging the civil law method of conversion will see themselves in the picture, and learn that they too are certainly in the wrong place. C. H. K. 