AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE debate in Congress on the Philippine question has reached a stage where the upholders of the doctrine of government by the consent of the governed are openly and violently denounced by their fellow congressmen as traitors. This was the charge hurled at Senator Petti-grew of South Dakato, by a Senator from New Jersey, during a discussion of a resolution introduced by the former bearing on the Philippine policy. It was, say the press dispatches, "the most violent debate of the session so far on the Philippine question." * * A statement made by the New Jersey Senator in connection with his charge of treason against his col-league from South Dakota, is worthy of note. He said that he had opposed the acquisition of the Philippines until the Paris treaty with Spain was made and ratified, and then he had thrown aside his "private views," and acquiesced in the result that had been reached. ' saw the flag attacked, and after that with me it was the country and the flag, right or wrong." (Italics ours.) This senator seems to forget that the United States flag was not always the flag of this country. * * * Back in 1775, the flag of the country was the flag of Great Britain, and when that flag was attacked there were men who were filled with horror. And if this senator, and others of like mind, had been living then, holding the sentiment of "the country and the flag, right or wrong," upon which side in the Revolutionary struggle would they necessarily have stood ? * The revolt against the British flag was not because the flag was not good enough, but because it stood for wrong. The United States flag came into existence solely because the American colonists would not stand for "their country right or wrong." America was then a part of the British Empire. The American colonists revolted against the British government because it was in the wrong, and they would stand only for the right. Only by a repudiation,ontheirpart, of the sentiment "my country right or wrong" did the American flag come into existence; and only upon that ground is such a flag necessary. If that ground is to be abandoned, there is no longer any need of the flag. "Old Glory" with its stars and stripes, came into being as the symbol of the only government on earth that was founded upon just principlesŠthe only government on earth that was in the right. For a government that was in the wrong, no new flag would have been necessary; indeed, no new government would have been established if no one had cared about the right or wrong of the controversy with Great. Britain. The stars and stripes symbolized a new government that arose solely upon the issue of the right versus the wrong in the British policy. But now, in the opinion of American statesmen, it is not necessary to care about the right or wrong of the Government's position; the Government is simply to be sustained, right or wrong. If it is in the wrong, it is to be supported and established in that course; it is to be pushed along on the wrongroad! And such is conceived to be the duty of a statesman! * Where is a nation going to when it is on the wrong road?Što happiness? to prosperity? to peace? Or to disaster? There is a God in the universe who is always and unswervingly for the right, and against everything that is wrong; and in his hands the nations are as "the small dust of the balance." And when a nation is in the wrong, can it prevail against him? Has it come to be wisdom for a government to fight against God? * * * "The country and the flag, right or wrong," is a sentiment consistent only with the idea that there is no God of right and justice in the universe. And even then Šwere the claims of the atheist to be admittedŠit is a sentiment opposed to the lesson of all history, that when a nation gets on the wrong road, it is on the road to its end. The Sword and the Bible. QUITE recently a newspaOr reporter interviewed the author of "In His Steps," or "What would Jesus Do ?" and secured from him an expression of opinion upon the retention of the Philppine Islands by this Government. The gentleman referred to is reported to have said:Š "I am sorry that the sword and the Bible must go hand in hand, so to speak, to Christianize a barbarous people. I wish the Bible could go alone, but it seems impossible. The humanizing influence of Christian teachings make me an advocate of American rule in the Philippines." This is too bad, but the world had a right to expect better things of Mr. Sheldon; but he is not alone in holding and expressing such opinions. Probably a majority of the clergy of this country share, to some extent at least, this view. So important does it seem to them that the Bible shall go to all nations, that go it must even if has to be shot into their homes and hearts by Gatling guns and cannon. But the great trouble is that no nation ever yet received the Bible in any such way. Such methods give an entirely erroneous idea of the Bible and What it teaches. Semi-civilized peoples may possibly accept it perforce; or as being superior in some way to that which they have'previously held; but with it they receive the 