Ttti AMERICAN SENTINEL- 187 Europe or elsewhere. And the representatives of all the principal Protestant denominations in the United States, including the one to which Mr. Trueworthy belongsy have indorsed the efforts of the " Reformers " to create such a union in the Government. Now if Rome is powerless, as history proves it to be, to fully carry out her designs without a Church and State Government, and the Protest-ant churches are laboring to bring about that condition of government under which her ulti-mate ends will be possibleŠwhich party is it that most needs watching? National Reformers are not only endeavoring to open the gates of re-ligious legislation, but they avow a willingness to "join hands" with the Catholic Church in that work whenever the latter will accede to the co-alition. Yes, the Reformers are not only willing to join Rome in such a scheme, but take the in-itiative in the movement, and favor "repeated advances" toward the Papal church for that pur-pose, even in the face of anticipated " rebuffs." And the Catholic leaders understand the situ-ation, evidence of which has been given in the AMERICAN SENTINEL in the past, notably in the case of the priest, who, when asked what his church was going to do in the matter of the Blair bills, replied that it was not doing anything in particular; "the Protestants are coming over to us," he said; " all we have to do is to wait." We see, then, that while Mr. Trueworthy and other vigilantes are watching the "Papal purposes" in this country, the Catholics are also watching Prot-estant progress Romeward, with evident satisfac- tion. So those who have a care to guard the Wee in- stitutions of our country from the scourge of church intolerance, will find it necessary to keep an eye on that professedly Protestant party whose avowed purpose is to make such a change in the Constitution as will open the door for church domination of political affairs. There is no more danger from the evil influences of the " beast " itself than from those of its "image." There is no reason to be any more afraid of out-and-out Roman intolerance than of the same spirit under the guise of Protestantism. W. N. GLENN. .  Rev. J. M. Foster on Religious Leg- islation. THE Midland, arUnited Presbyterian paper, published in Omaha, Nebraska, had an article by Rev. J. M. Foster, some weeks since, on " The Basis of Sabbath Legislation," which contains some thoughts worthy of notice. Mr. Foster takes the position that civil government is not a voluntary association but a divine institution, and that it is clothed with authority and power that transcend all human institutions. Its design, he says, is the suppression of wrong and the promul-gation of good. " Civil government is the keeper of both tables of the law." He is correct in saying that civil government is ordained of God. Says the apostle, "The pow-ers that be are ordained of God." But it is nev-ertheless true, as asserted in the Declaration of Independence, that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed ;" neither is there any conflict between the Scriptures and the Declaration of Independence. God has or-dained that civil government should exist, that is, that it is right and Proper that there should be civil government, but he has not ordained the particular form of government, nor that certain  men or certain families shall rule over their fellow-men. To take any other view of the matter than this is to assert the divine right of kings ; and to assert that right, is simply to place our own country outside of the pale of the ordinance of God. The position that "civil government is the keeper of both tables of the law," will be best ex-amined in the light of the further statement made by Mr. Foster, to wit, " the State is the keeper of the second commandment, and should prohibit idolatry either on the part of the Chinaman or Romanist." Now, if the first position be correct, that the civil government is the keeper of both tables of the law, then the conclusion which Mr. Foster draws from it must also be correct. But passing by all Chinamen as idolaters of the most gross sort, we will apply this rule to the Romanist. Mr. Foster says that the State should prohibit idolatry on the part of the Romanist. But the Romanist denies that he is an idolater. He will admit that he bows to pictures and im-ages, but will stoutly assert that they are simply symbols of the Unseen, to which his worship is in reality directed, and that the image or picture is only for the purpose of assisting his faith. It is true that, as Protestants, we call that idolatry and such it is ; but covetousness is also idolatry (Col., 3 : 5), and is just as truly a transgression of the divine law as are, the more gross forms of idolatry. Shall we then punish covetousness ? But it may be said that the law can only take cognizance of the outward acts, and that while it may punish a man for bowing down before an image it cannot punish him for the thoughts and intents of the heart, because man cannot deter-mine the thoughts of the heart. But if the " State is the keeper of both tables of the law," and is to enforce the law as the law of God, where or how shall we draw the line? Is it not as certain that the man who shows by his every-day life that he is covetous is a violator of the divine law, as it is that the man who prays to a picture of the Virgin Mary is an idolater? It may even be the case, and it is often true, that such an one is in every way a better citizen, a better neighbor, and a bet-ter man, than the one who is covetous. More-over, it is just as easy to demonstrate to the satis-faction of an impartial person that the one Is an idolater as it is to show that the other is an idol-ater. The occasional act of the one shows that he is guilty of violating the second commandment, while the whole life of the other, his every busi-ness transaction, all his dealings with his neigh-bors,Šall these show conclusively that he violates the same commandment. Shall the law lay its hand upon the one and spare the other?ŠCer-tainly not. Properly speaking, the State is not the keeper of either table of the law. There is no part of the law of God which can be enforced as such, by any human Government. It is within the physical power, though not within the proper sphere of the Government, to compel its citizens to refrain from ordinary labor upon Sunday or on any other day of the week that it may see fit, but it is not within the power of any Government to compel its citizens to obey the fourth command-ment. The fourth commandment says, " Remem-ber the Sabbath-day to keep it holy," and simply resting from labor is by no means all that is re-quired in that commandment. According to Isa. 58 :13, true Sabbath keeping is not only to re-frain from labor upon the Sabbath, but to "call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, bon- orable." And this, civil government cannot com-pel; therefore, it is impossible for civil govern-ment to enforce the fourth commandment; neither can civil government enforce any other command-ment as the law of God. Take, for instance, the sixth. The Saviour said that he that hateth his brother is a murderer. A man may manifest all the hatred of which he is capable, and may even express that hatred, and yet the civil law cannot lay hold upon him as a murderer. True, if he makes threats, that is, if he declares his intentions to use violence, the law can place him under bonds to keep the peace. It may be demonstrated as fully as human testimony can demonstrate any-thing, that his heart is full of hatred, and yet no one would say that the civil law ought to touch him. Still, in the sight of God the man is a murderer. The seventh commandment furnishes another il-lustration, which we need not dwell upon, as all are familiar with the teachings of the Saviour on that point. But this is sufficient to show that civil government cannot enforce the law of God. There is another feature of this matter which demands attention, namely, the fact that to at-tempt to enforce the decalogue would be to con-stitute men judges of the divine law. God should be the interpreter of his own law. Human be-ings differ in their interpretations of that law. Of this, the second commandment furnishes an illustration, as already shown. The Protestant says that bowing to an image or picture is idola-try; this the Romanist denies. Now who shall judge between them and decide which is right. If it is the prerogative of civil, government to de-cide this question, then if the judge be a Protest-ant he will decide from a Protestant standpoint, and the Papist would be punished for the use of pictures and images. But suppose the judge himself be a Papist, he would then decide that such worship is not idolatry, and the accused would go free. Thus it appears that that which is idolatry to-day might be held to be perfectly right to-morrow, or that which would be decided to be idolatry in New York might be held to be perfectly innocent in New Jersey ; and yet, in both instances, according to Mr. Foster's logic, the decision is rendered by the duly authorized agent of the Almighty. If it indeed be true that civil government is ordained of God in the sense in which Mr. Foster claims that it is, then the Government of Spain in the days of the Inquisition was just as truly a Government of God as is the Government of En-gland or the Government of the United States to-day. But it cannot be true that Governments are ordained of God in that sense, for if it were true, God would be the minister of sin. " Gov-ernments," says the Declaration of Independence, "derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." And had the maxim always pre-vailed despotic Governments never would have been known. The very idea of Government which Mr. Foster advocates is responsible for the bar-barities and iniquities of all the despotic Govern-ments in the world, and the only wonder is that citizens of the United States could for a moment entertain such a proposition. It only shows, however, that the National Reform theory is at variance with the principles of this Government, and to carry out the National Reform idea would be simply to overthrow republican institutions. C. P. BOLLMAN. IN proportion as the ecclesiastics became co-legislators, heresies became civil crimes, and lia-ble to civil punishments.ŠDean Milman. Ł 