( AMERICAN SENTINEL. 741 A GIFT, NOT A TASK EXACTED. Here is where so many people mistake.: they think that the Sabbath is a hard requirement that God lays on men, and then they-soon get in the way of thinking that God cannot require it of us, since he does not desire his people to be burdened. But salvation is not a thing re-quired of us, but a gift to us ; and the Sabbath is the sign of Christ's saving power : he saves by the power by which he creates. Rest i4 not a burden, it is a pleasure. Noth-ing more absolutely delightful can be imagined than rest in the consciousness of work all done and well done, and this is the privilege of the people of God : "All thy works shall praise thee, 0 Lord, and thy saints shall bless thee. They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power; to make known to the sons of men thy mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of thy kingdom." Ps. 145 :10-12. " One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy mighty acts." Verse 4. 'The Sabbath is the pledge and assurance to us that the power by which the worlds were made has wrought good works for us in Christ, and that these works are all ours if we believe. This is the rest prepared for us from the foundation of the world. b- -111- The Rights of Man. WIDELY differing views are held upon the question of man's rights, nearly all of which seem conclusive, consid-ering the premises from which the argument is drawn. But as these conflicting deductions cannot possibly all be correct, it follows that some radical defect is present, somewhere, either in antecedent propositions or in methods. of drawing conclusions. In dealing with this issue, therefore, the foundation for conclusions should be established in truth, rather than upon some selfish ground. A "right," as defined by Webster, is that which is "conformed to the constitution of man and the will of God, or to justice and equity; not deviating from the true and just; according with truth ,and duty." Man was created in the "image of God," and was therefore constituted by the will of God to render service and honor to his Creator. Rev. 4:11. He was required as his personal duty, to obey God, and follow his ways in all things, that continuing like his Maker, he might re-tain the image in which he was made, and so ever be true and just. This was the original, and eternal "right" conferred upon man in the beginning, as a personal gift, and is still his if he will bat use it. But beyond this per-sonal duty, no right was bestowed giving one creature authority to command another in the way. More than this, no man or set of men were given au-thority to pronounce upon another's moral standing, or to define his rights. Being made like his Creator, man was a son of God, and like the divine Son, was to delight  in doing the divine will, because the law of Jehovah had been seated in his heart to prompt his ways. Ps. 40:6-8. Thus man was made capable of self-control under the guidance of divine suggestion. Like the angels of heaven, he was to be entirely led by this inner consciousness with-out the restraining influence of outward legality. Hom-age to God was not to be that of a servant, but of a son. Obedience was in no sense to be a forced service, but one of love. No higher motive was to be knowuthan a spon-taneous desire to do right and be right, which is the highest point of happiness it is possible to reach. Such-was and is the undoubted right of every man to-day who chooses to assert that right; even though it has been forfeited through evil association. How strange that so few seem to recognize the fact that the sum of human rights is contained in securing the highest joy, and that such joy is to be had only in God, through Jesus Christ. Separating human rights from heavenly joys, many seem to think that while one is from above, the other can be secured only through human legislatures and earthly courts .of law. But civil courts can never restore these lost rights, simply because such gifts are above and beyond human jurisdiction. Its authority falls short in this work for the reason that it has no higher power, morally, than those whose rights it seeks to return. Being destitute of these rights themselves, earthly courts are absolutely without power to confer them on men, however much they might desire to do so. Even though a judge on the bench may have been fortu-nate enough to have acquired such endowment for him-self, he could not possibly share it with another, for the reason that this heavenly gift is a personal allowance sent direct from heaven to the receiver. Whoever, there-fore, undertakes to legislate, or pronounce sentence from an earthly bench, with the view to conferring a religious benefit, so that men may advantageously carry out the will of heaven, puts himself (unwittingly though it be). in the place of God, and assumes the prerogative of di-vinity. The gifted Macaulay saw much truth along this line. When a candidate for parliamentary honors in 1832, he delivered a speech at Leeds, in which he is reported to have said:Š "I am for personal freedom in every part of the globe, Šfreedom to the white, and freedom to the negro. . . . I am for religious liberty in the fullest sense of the word. I detest all disabilities,Ševerything which is galling to the conscience, or which can shock the sincere scruples of any individual. . . We act most in support of reli- gion, and act in a manner most calculated to strengthen the interest of that religion, when we give universal free-dom to religious belief. -We hear it said that a policy which does not give a decided advantage to one sect over another is infidel policy. These words have been echoed and re-echoed in the country. According to this author-ity, justice is infidelity, and mercy is infidelity, and toler-ation is liberalism, and liberalism is only another name-f or infidelity. It is infidelity, it seems, to think worthily 4>f God and justly of his law, and not to encircle with worldly defences that religion of which the weapons are 