THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 7 mere accident. It is very much easier to find arguments for the divine authority of the Gos-pel than for the divine authority of the Koran. But it is just as easy to bribe or rack a Jew into Mohammedanism as into Christianity." Ł A Parallel. THE following is from Froude's picture of Rome in the days of Caesar. The reader will be dull indeed who cannot see in it a striking parallel to very many features of our own na-tion in our own time. All that is wanting to make our country equal to Rome in its darkest days and worst phases, is to closely unite the civil and religious interests of the nation, so as to make the State uphold the church and en-, force her dogmas:Š " With such vividness, with such transparent clearness, the age stands before us of Cato and Pompey, of Cicero and Julius Caesar; the more distinctly because it was an age in so many ways the counterpart of our own, the blossom-ing period of the old civilization, when the in-tellect was trained to the highest point which it could reach, and on the great subjects of hu-man interest, on morals and polities, on poetry and art, even on religion itself and the specula-tive problems of life, men thought as we think, doubted where we doubt, argued as we argue, aspired and struggled after the same objects. It was an age of material progress and material civilization; an ago of civil liberty and intel-lectual culture; an age of pamphlets and epi-grams, of salons and of dinner parties, of sen-atorial majorities and electoral corruption. The highest offices of State were open in theory to the meanest citizen; they were confined, in fact, to those who had the longest purses, or the most ready use of the tongue on popular platforms. Distinctions of birth had been ex-changed for distinctions of wealth. The strug-gles between plebeians and patricians for equal-ity of privilege were over, and a new division had been formed between the party of property and a party who desired a change in the struct-ure of society. The free cultivators were dis-appearing from the soil. Italy was being ab-sorbed into vast estates, held by a few favored families and cultivated by slaves, while the old agricultural population was driven off the land, and was crowded into towns. The rich were extravagant, for life had ceased to have prac-tical interest, except for its material pleasures; the occupation of the higher classes was to ob-tain money without labor, and to spend it in idle enjoyment. Patriotism survived on the lips, but patriotism meant the ascendancy of the party which would maintain the existing order of things, or would overthrow it for a more equal distribution of the good things which alone were valued. Religion, once the foundation of the laws and rule of personal conduct, had subsided into opinion. The edu-cated, in their hearts, disbelieved it. Temples were still built with increasing splendor; the established forms were scrupulously observed. Public men spoke conventionally of Provi-dence; that they might throw on their oppo-nents the odium of impiety; but of genuine belief that life had any serious meaning, there was none remaining beyond the circle of the  silent, patient, ignorant multitude. The whole spiritual atmosphere was saturated with cantŠcant moral, cant political, cant religious; an af-fectation of high principle which had ceased to touch the conduct, and flowed on in an increas-ing volume of insincere and unreal speech. The truest thinkers were those who, like Lu-cretius, spoke frankly out their real convicŁ tions, declared that Providence was a dream; and that man and the world he lived in were material phenomena, generated by natural forces out of cosmic atoms, and into atoms to be again resolved. "Tendencies now in operation may a few generations hence land modern society in sim-ilar conclusions, unless other convictions revive meanwhile and get the mastery of them; of which possibility no more need be said than this, that unless there be such a revival in some shape or other, the forces, whatever they be, which control the forms in which human things adjust themselves, will make an end again, as they made an end before, of what are called free institutions. Popular forms of govern-ment are possible only when individual men can govern their own lives on moral principles, and when duty is of more importance than pleasure, and justice than material expediency." A Christian Nation. THERE is no such thing as a Christian nation on earth. The queen of England is the head of the church, and the Government supports the church. But the recent revelations of in-iquity in high places in London leads us to think it might appropriately be named "the great city which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt." Rev. 11 : 8. Only a very small pro-portion of any nation is truly Christian. The " National Reform Association " says that this is a Christian nation, and therefore we must have a religious amendment of the Constitu-tion that we may properly represent ourselves to the world. They also say that nothing will make us a Christian nation but such an amend-ment. The N. Y. Independent, in January, 1875, thus pointedly exposed their inconsistency:Š "This being a Christian nation, we have a right to acknowledge God in the Constitution; because, as things are now, this is not a Chris-tian nation, and needs such recognition to make it one. " This having always been a Christian nation, we have a right to keep it such; and, therefore, we need this Amendment, since hitherto, with-out it, we have only been a heathen nation. "In other words; we need to make this a Christian nation because we are already such; on the ground that if we do not make it such we are not a Christian nation. "Because the people are substantially all Christians we have a right and have need to make the Constitution Christian, to check our powerful element of unbelievers. " We mean to interfere with no man's rights, but only to get certain rights, now belonging to all, restricted to Christians. "This Religious Amendment is to have no practical effect, its object being to check infi-delity. " It is to interfere with no man's rights, but  only to make the unbeliever concede to Chris-tians the right to rule in their interest, and to give up like claims for himself. "It is meant to have no practical effect; and therefore, will be of great use to us. " We want to recognize God, and Christianity as our national duty to Deity; but intend to give no effect to such recognitionŠpleasing God by judicially voting ourselves pious and do-ing nothing more. " We shall leave all religions in equality be-fore the law, and make Christianity the adopted religion of the nation. " Christianity, being justice, requires us to put -down infidelity by taking advantage of our numbers to secure rights which we do not allow to others. "Justice to Christians is one thing, and to in-fidels another. "We being a Christian people, the Jewish and unbelieving portion of our people are not, of right, part of the people. " And so, having no rights which we, as Christians, are bound to respect, we must adopt this Amendment in our interest. " Passing this act will not make any to be Christians who are not Christians, but it is needed to make this a more Christian nation. "The people are not to be made more Chris-tian by it; but, since the nation cannot he Christian unless the people are, it is meant to make the nation Christian without affecting the people. "That is, the object of this Amendment is to make the nation Christian without making the people Christians. "By putting God in the Constitution he will be recognized by nobody else than those who already recognize him; and, therefore; we need the amendment for a fuller recognition of him. " If we say we believe in God and Christ in the Constitution, it is true of those believing in him and a lie as to the rest; and, as the first class already recognize him, we want this Amendment as a recognition by the latter class, so that our whole people shall recognize him. " Whether we have an acknowledgment of God in the Constitution or not, we are a Chris-tian nation; and, therefore, it is this recognition of God that is to make us a Christian nation." Dn. A. M. MILLIGAN was one of the main spokes in the National Reform wheel. He died not long since, and, in writing of him after-ward, Mr. M. A. Gault, a secretary and one of the chief speakers of the National Reform Party, said:Š "I heard him once remark that he was mainly indebted to his theological professor, Dr. dames R. Wilson, for his inspiration on Na-tional Reform. I can say that I received my inspiration on that subject from Dr. A. Ł M. Mil-ligan." We think that this is just the correct state-ment of the scheme of National Reform inspi-ration. We are satisfied that that is the exact size of the channel along which the stream of National Reform inspiration flows. And we are sure that the religio-political aspirations of ambitious clerics is the highest point to which the source of National Reform inspiration can ever be traced. A. T. J. 