284 Vol,. 11, No. 36. from all classes and conditions of society; they bring them tinder the influence of gospel teaching; they in-struct them in their duty to God and man, and build up the highest type of citizenship. Shall the man who teaches duty to God be forbidden to teach duty to society and the State? A minister is a citizen, and when he took the vows that set him apart to the sa-cred office, he became no less a Citizen. There was nothing in his obligation which bound him to give up his civil rights. He does not cease to pay taxes, nor is he released from military service or jury duty. When the community is aroused over the discussion of questions that involve public morals, he as a public educator may have a duty to perform. Certainly he has a right to be heard when his home and friends are affected. . . We see no reason why any man should be denied a voice in any public matter affect-ing the weal of the State. On the contrary every man has a duty to the State which he should intelligently and faithfully perform. This certainly sounds very plausible, and is objectionable only in so far as it tends to break down the distinction which should be clear in every mind between the spheres of civil things and things religious. In civil things the majority must rule, and their rule must be by force. In religious things each individual must decide for himself, and his decision must be voluntary, not forced. When religion and politics are mixed, force is brought into the domain of voluntary ac-tion, and votes are made to do the work of faith. Of course a clergyman has, like any other person, a civil right to express his mind upon secular questions which concern the welfare of individuals and of society. He may even do this from the pulpit, so far as civil cights are concerned; though the pulpit is certainly not the most appropriate place for secular themes. But let him present these as his own ideas and conclusions, and not as the word of God. This is the important point in the whole subject. The minister of the gos-pel is not sent to preach his own word, but God's word.. Why? Because there is no gos-pel in anything but the word of God. The gospel is " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1:16. What power is that? It is the power of God's word? And what is that power? " By the word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." Psalm 33: 6. It is creative power. God's word created all things in the begin-ning; it creates a new man now when received in faith; and that is how a sinner is saved from sin. He is "born again"Šcreated new in Jesus Christ. This is the mystery of God in the gospel. Then what business has the gospel minister to put his own word in the place of the word of God? Is man's word a foundation for Christian faith? Is there any power in it to save the soul? Can it create a new and per-fect man, as God's word can? The great trouble with most of the preaching of this day touches this very point. It substitutes man's word for God's. The "sermon" presents the ideas, observations and conclusions of the preacher, in the place of the divine truths stated in the SCriptures. This is the reason there is so little power in it against the wick-edness which is so dominant in society. And this is why it is deemed necessary for the preacher to appeal to the civil power and seek for a combination of politics with reli- gion. When the Saviour was on trial before Pilate, the latter asked him, "What is truth?" The Saviour had answered this question a short time before, in these words of his prayer for his disciples: " Sanctify them through thy truth; thy word is truth." John 17: 17. Would that preachers would always keep this text in mind! "Thy word"Šnot man's word Š"is truth." It is the preacher's business  to preach truth. He may feel very sure that his own conclusions are truth, but that is not to the point. No man is infallible. Of no man can it be said, Thy word is truth. This is not impeaching any man's honesty. It is but one way of stating the truth that all men are finite, and that " to err is human." No man's word can constitute the " sure founda-tion" which the-Christian must have to stand upon in the contest with sin. Several prominent preachers have of late been preaching strong "sermons" against "free silver," denouncing as robbery the plan of one of the political parties to bring about " free coinage." This affords an illus-tration of the point under consideration. These men are of course very sure that they are right, and it may be that they are. But again, it may be that they are not right. Multitudes of intelligent people believe that they are not. There is no certainty about it. What they state is merely their own con- clusions, which no one is under obligation to receive as truth. So likewise the preacher may "preach" upon "any public matter affecting the weal of the State," or of the community where he resides, if he chooses to do so; but unless he can read what he would present from the word of. God, he will present merely his own opinionsŠnothing more. If anyone wishes to "preach" in this way, of course it is his privilege to do so. But the preacher is not willing that his political sermon should be viewed in this light. He wants it to be received as gospel truth. He wants the same obligation to at-tach to it which pertains to the word of God. He wants to be able to speak upon secular matters of public interest, with the accredited authority of .a prophet of God. He is not willing to present his political views as merely his own opinions, to be taken for what they are worth. The distinction between man's word and God's word having been largely ob-literated in the public mind by the preaching of .human tradition, speculation and fancy, in the place of Scripture, it is now sought to break down the distinction between the sphere of religion, in which God's word rules, and the sphere of civil things, in which man's word must prevail, as expressed by the major-ity of the people. And never in the history of this nation was sentiment in favor of this intermixture of politics and religion being formed more rapidly than is the case at the present time. And the meaning of it is that Church and State are rapidly seeking to oc-cupy the same spheres of human thought and life, which can be done only by a union of these two powers, contrary to the foundation principles of our American Government. s. ARE THESE THINGS SO ? [Special Cable Dispatch to the Sun.] LONDON, Sept. 5.ŠTurkey, it should be said, is not the only country where barbari-ties, without a shadow of excuse, are being committed. A terrible indictment has been made against the British forces engaged in suppressing the rebellion in Matabeleland. Several private letters from Buluwayo this week describe with an air of verity atrocities which amount to wholesale legalized murder. Nothing worse in general character is reported from Constantinople than this, from English-men engaged with the British detachment in pursuit of natives:Š " When out on patrol a week ago we sud-denly surprised five Kaffirs sitting down watch- ing some goats. They simply jumped up, threw down their shields and assegais, and covered their faces with their hands. One short command was given, and the five men were shot dead. We rode on as if nothing had happened. " Another case is that of a young green doctor sent fresh from home by the Red Cross Society. He was tying up a wounded Mata-bele when a sergeant came by. " doctor,' says he, what are you up to?' "Attending this wounded native,' replies medico. Nonsense,' says the officer. Leave the nigger and come and look after some of my men.' " No,' says the doctor, I must attend to this native first.' " Oh, you must, eh? All right. Bandage away.' And he drew his revolver and blew half the Kaffir's head off." THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND IN PARLIAMENT. IN England, as probably all readers of the SENTINEL know, there is a State ChurchŠthe " Church of England." Other church members are " nonconformists." The latter probably outnumber the adherents of the State Church, but receive no governmental recognition. The State Church receives the attention of Parliament, and being composed of two divisionsŠ"High Church" and "Low Church"Šsometimes gives that body no small amount of work in the settlement of church differences. This is especially noticeable the the present year. Not since the disestablish-ment of the Church in Ireland in 1868, we are told, has there been a session in which the concerns of the Church were more before Parliament than was the case during the sum-mer just past. In England, the State Church system is seen at its best; for the prevailing sentiment of the people is enlightened and liberal. But seen at its best, it presents no features that are not antichristian. The Outlook, of Aug. 29, gives us the following view of its practical workings, as now observed:Š The majority of English church livingsŠrectories, vicarages, and perpetual curaciesŠare private prop-erty, and oftentimes go with the landed estates out of whicli the ecclesiastical parishes are formed. Some English landlords have as many as nine or ten of these livings in their gift. What is meant by " in their gift" is that, when a living becomes vacant, the lord of the manor has the nomination in his hands. He presents to a living, and the new incumbent, having proved himself satisfactory to the bishop of the diocese, is formally admitted. Once admitted, he is in posses-sion for life; and the lord of the manor, or whoever the patron may be, has nothing more to do with the living until the next vacancy occurs. When ecclesi-astical patronage is attached to estates in the posses-sion of Roman Catholics, the owners lose their rights to presentation. It is invested for the time being in one or other of the universities of Oxford :and Cambridge. The great landowners, as a rule, exercise these pe-culiar rights in connection with the Established Church with care and discretion, and usually with satisfac-tion to the bishops. There is seldom a scandal in connection with these presentations. Scandal arises in connection with livings in the gift of needy people, wito, when a living seems likely to become vacant, turn the right to the next presentation into cash. In connection with livings in suoh hands there has long existed a regular trade. There are numerous agencies in London which make a specialty of advowsons, and when these agencies have a living on hand they ad-vertise it, in just the same way as estate agents ad-vertise houses and lands. These advertisements can be seen any day in the columns of the Times or the Standard. The expert advertisement-writers of New York could not produce more attractive advertisements than some of those emanating from the brokers in church 