A COURT ROOM SCENE, APRIL 11, 1895. 115 THE VITAL PRINCIPLE INVOLVED. PROSE who have read the foregoing article will understand something of the reasons why Adventists suffer imprisonment rather than keep SUnday. But a few additional facts on this point will not be out of place. We have already seen that Adventists regard it as a sacred duty to habitually treat Sunday as a secular day, because they understand that the fourth commandment establishes a differ-ence between the Sabbath and the six other days of the week, and requires men to respect that difference. To ignore this distinction between the, Sabbath and the other days of the week would be simply to defeat the object of Afie, diYine law— and to set up a counterfeit, of the memorial which God has ordained to keep in view; the fact that he is the Creator of the heavens-  and the earth, and the sanctifier of his people.' As the Advent-ists view it, phys-ical rest for man is not the primary ObjeCt of the Sab-bath; for it "was Made 'for Man " before the and consequently before man stood in need of rest from wearing toil. Its object was clearly to keep in lively ex-= &Oise man's Joy-any to God as the Creator. The Fourth of July is designed to fan :the: flame, of pa-triotism in the American breast, and is a finite il-lustration of the infinite wisdom and: purpose of God in :creating the Sabbath for man. Viewed from this stand-point, it is plain that the fourth commandment not only enjoins the keeping of the true Sabbath, but likewise for-bids rivals and counterfeits. Every law must show in some way the authority by which it was enacted, and this the Decalogue does only in the fourth commandment. In that precept it is declared that the giver of the law is the Creator of the heavens and the earth. It is this fact that gives the Sabbath its memorial character. The Sabbath com-mandment is in fact the seal of God's law, as it alone designates the Giver of the law, and states the basis of His authority to require obedience. In like manner, the Sunday institution is the seal or mark of a rival power. It was anciently the badge of sun worship, the "wild solar holiday of all pagan times. " It was dedicated to the worship of the sun and to the most abominable and revolting  idolatries. In modern times it is set forth by the Roman Ex. 20: 10, and Ezek. 20: 12. 2  North British Review, Vol. 18, p. 409. Catholic Church as the badge of her author-ity, as will appear from the following quota-tions from standard Roman Catholic author-ities:Š Question.ŠHave you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept? Answer.ŠHad she not such power she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her;Šshe could not have substituted the observ-ance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority.3  Question.ŠHow, prove you that the church bath power to command feasts and holy days ? Answer.ŠBy the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of; and there-fore they fondly contradict themselves, by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts com-manded by the same church. Question.ŠHow prove you that ? Answer.ŠBecause by keeping Sunday, they ac-knowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin.4  Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants See preceding page. is an homage [worship] they pay, in spite of them-selves, to the authority of the [Roman Catholic] church.' Believing the papacy to be antichrist, and holding the Sunday Sabbath to be the badge of its power, it is evident that with Adventists the observance of Sunday would be equivalent to rendering homage to antichrist,Š hence their steadfast refusal to obey Sunday laws, and their willingness to suffer imprisonment, the chain-gang, and even death itself rather than so much as appear to regard Sunday " Doctrinal Catechism " by Rev. Stephen Keenan, Imprim-atur, John Cardinal Mc Closkey; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1876, p. 174. 4 " An Abridgment of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberville; Imprimatur, the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of BostonŁ, Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1833, p. 58. 6  "Plain Talk About the Protestantism of To-day," by Mgr. Segur; Imprimatur. Joannes Josephus Episcopus, Boston; Thomas B. Noonan & Co., Boston, 1868, p. 213. other than a common working day. It is not, as many seem to regard it, simply a matter of a choice of days for physical rest, but is with the Adventists a vital question directly affect-ing their salvation. These facts show most conclusively that Sunday laws do interfere at least with the religious rights of Adventists by requiring of them a service which they cannot conscientiously render. This is in ad-dition to the hardship of being deprived of one-sixth of the time divinely allotted to them for their work. But let not the reader of this imagine for a moment that Seventh-day Adventists render themselves unnecessarily obnoxious to their neighbors by making an unnecessary display of their disregard for Sunday. It is a settled principle with Adventists to do unto others as they would be done by. For this reason they avoid doing on Sunday anything that would be likely to be a real disturbance in the community in which they live; and this they do, whether there is a Sun-day law or not, out of regard for their neigh-bors. They go even farther than required by the Golden Rule, for they do not expect that a like re-gard will be paid to them, or to their feelings upon the Sab-bath. They rec-ognize the fact that they are a minority, a n d they are willing to suffer any in-convenience or loss to which they may be subjected to for this reason, pro-vided it is not a sacrifice o f principle. Seventh - day Adventists are a sober, indus-trious, peace-loving people. They are not found in our courts of jus-tice except as they are haled there for violation of the Sunday laws. Their enemies themselves being witnesses, they are in all other respects model citizens; but upon this point they are unyielding. They will not deny their faith nor prove un-true to their principles and to their God. It is a significant fact that while hun-dreds, yes thousands, of people all over the land are working on Sunday, many of them habitually, very few of them compara-tively are prosecuted; while Seventh-day Ad-ventists are singled out and made the victims of unjust and unequal laws. In Rhea County, Tennessee, hundreds of men are employed on Sunday in various lines of work, but only the Adventists are prosecuted. One man, not an Adventist, was indicted last November, but when his case was called to trial at the recent term of court, the prosecuting witness refused to prosecute the case, and it was promptly thrown out of court, but every Adventist was .Now I am called to answer for my faith before an earthly tribunal; but I say to the court and jury that there is a time coming when there will be a change, and God, and not man, will be the JudgeŠand in that Court questions will be decided not by the statute books of Tennessee, but by the law of God."ŠElder G. W. Colcord. 