OCTOBER 17, 1895. AlVIElbiEt ICAN 325 righteousness among 'men, and so as the break-water of our civilization, the protecting shield for its crimes, if not an attache of its operations. Shall it succeed ? We hope not; but Jesus said, " How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of heaven!" and the. Church is saying, by actions which speak louder than words, " How easily shall they that have riches enter into and rule the Church; " by which we are bound to conclude that the fittest for membership in the Church are the least fit for the kingdom of heaven. Thus the Church, in her dominating ele-ment and general trend, instead of utilizing her enormous power to rear a mighty bulwark against this devilish greed for money which is foreordaining millions to " damnation " by force of industrial circumstances, is power-fully assisting to make that vicious public sentiment in regard to the relative value of righteousness and riches which seems hurrying the nation toward a civic Niagara. How long will the people's faith in the Church and what it should stand for endure the strain ? How long will the accrued merit of generations of evangelical piety endure this prostitution of things spiritual to the end of denominational glory, sectarian ambition, per-sonal aggrandizement, and the greed of gain ? Society is held together at present by the constraining, force of virtues which former generations practiced; but the rich patrimony of Puritan ancestry cannot last forever. When the religion of a people is corrupted, the stream of the civilization is poisoned at its fountain head; and the result of turning the ruling power of the Church over to those whose recognized fitness to exercise it is in proportion to their riches, not their righteous-ness, is necessarily moth and mildew to all that is vital to the Church as a saving institu-tion among men. The clergy, selfishly ambitious members of whom are mainly to blame for this state of things, are the first to feel its cruel oppression and its withering blight. So far has degener-ation gone that the young minister, with however lofty and Christlike ideals he has set out, soon learns that the favoring nod of the plutocrat is the " open sesame " to " good standing " and promotion in the Church; and that the shrug of the shoulders of the afore-said plutocrat, his very praise (whispered in secure secrecy), judiciously faint, will apply to him, through the denominational machin-ery, the ecclesiastical gag and boycott by which, in the smooth usage of the modern inquisitor, God's prophets of righteousness are reduced to silence, or put where their voices will not be heard rebuking sin in high places. Ministers of aggressive gal and evangelical fervor, who fear God and hate wrong, are thus finding in that very ecclesias-tical power that was created to protect them in doing their Master's work, a drawn sword to cut them down. Thus is the Church as a worldly institution arrayed in deadly strife against the Church as a saving force! Of course where, as is sometimes the case, wealth and piety go together, the result is most excellent. But the plutocracy of the local church may, and it frequently does, represent the very worst element in it, as judged by every high moral and spiritual standard; it may be well known to " the world's people" as abominably, corrupt. In count of heads it may number but one or two in a hundred. No matter! The minister of the gospel who values supremely the approval of God, and honestly preaches in fact what the Church stands for in theoryŠjustice, mercy, and truth; however much his ministry may have been honored of God in the building up of the Church; though the people, in the Church and out of it, may love him and ap- prove of his work,Šthat man is marked for ecclesiastical slaughter. The plutocrat in power, whose sins are sure to be rebuked where the gospel is preached in its fullness, will, by the most diabolical machinations (di-rected in secret if that will succeed, openly if it will not) proceed to make that minister's life a literal foretaste of that place to which minis- ters of the gospel are not supposed to go. Before long, therefore, he will resign "on account of his wife's health," or some other reason equally convenient; and when he has gone (crucified by Pharisees as his Master was) one will be gotten to take his place, with whom a winked-at understanding is had from the beginning, that he will sing softly to the plutocratic conscience, while a Church that is dying to all that a Christian Church should stand for, accommodatingly rocks the cradle and joins in the chorus, " Hush my dear, lie still and slumber! " There are many exceptions, to be sure, especially in the villages and rural dis-tricts. But this is the rule. To relate in de-tail all the facts illustrative of it that have come to the writer's personal knowledge would require a volume. Now ministers are but human. They too have stomachs and backs! Put them where they must choose between slow martydom and ministerial mugwumpery, and what will re-sult ? Martyrs there will be, martyrs there are, who with both eyes open walk into the fire for the sake of being true. They suffer shameful abuse (of course secretly adminis-tered), gaunt poverty, sometimes cruel and slanderous misrepresentation by those whose sin they have rebuked, heart-breaking ingrat-itude, and a persecution that is worse than scourge or pillory. This they do for Christ's sake, to keep a clear conscience and to pre-serve their self-respect. The blood of these martyrs is still the seed of the Church. But unless church history is a record of lies, and human nature has become something else, the majority will not be martyrs. No man nat-urally likes to be voted a failure. Therefore make " success" in the ministry synonymous with gathering " a wealthy and fashionable congregation " instead of a congregation of Christians, and need we be surprised if the preaching consults the convenience of the plutocrat rather than the needs of the parish ? Need sensible people be disappointed, under these circumstances, if they hear -sermons which aim at nobody and nothingŠand hit their mark ? Is it any wonder if the preacher " gives it " to the Pharisees who crucified Christ, and then, two thousand years ago, died (their one meritorious act), and, some-how, fails to note the Pharisees of the present day (who by many are still believed to have a weakness for " the uppermost seats in the synagogue") who are doing virtually' the same thing ? When the minister, even the minis-ter of the gospel, knows that if he ignores the unchristian distinctions of caste and class, honestly tries to " reach the masses," puts moral cleanliness and spiritual power above all personal and worldly considerations in the Church (as Christ would do) he is more than likely to pay for the privilege with his ecclesi-astical head, at the beck of a plutocracy whose piety would not sell in any market for fifty cents on the dollar; when he knows that his ministerial brethrenŠsome of themŠwill be among the first to cry, "Crucify him! Crucify him!" that any appeal to the very denomina- tional machinery, that was made for saving the Church from evil domination in just such emergencies will result only in more certainly enshrining wealthy worldliness in the Church, and increasing his own personal sufferings,Šthen is it a cause for open-eyed wonder if the minister falters in the face of such issues, tones down his zeal, loses the martyr spirit,  and joins the ranks of the " wise" and " con-servative " ? Thus are the reins laid on the neck of the downhill steed in the evangelical Church, that is galloping faster and faster along the road of looseness in doctrine and worldliness of life! And what effect has all this on the Church itself ? The evangelical Church is nothing if it is not spirituality. Spirituality is the es-sence of altruism, the soul of philanthropy, the nourishing nerve of all missionary zeal. It is the source of all that noble endeavor and heroic achievement which has given the masses any confidence in the Church. Without spir-itual power, whatever her numbers and organ-izations, the Church is but " a painted ship upon a painted ocean," freighted with no cargo, bound for no port. But spiritual power is an impossibility in the Church that has set its heart of hearts, not upon God, but upon that worldly equipage and favor which, in order to obtain, it must grovel before wrong clad in rich livery, and kiss the feet of the golden calf. The evil of which we, with much sadness and great reluctance, write, so far as it goes, unchurches the Church! It makes money and what money will buy of worldly pomp and furbishings for gratifying the tastes of the devotees of fashion and the worshipers of mammon, her raison d'etre, in-stead of the temporal and eternal good of man. . . . The pulpit under such influ-ences degenerates into a kind of lecture bureau and the house of God into a Sunday social club. . . . " Mene, mene, tekel, uphar-sin " is written on her walls. Finally, what is the effect of all this upon the people, the masses ? Read the answer in the empty pews of the average church; in the meager spiritual returns for the enormous outlay of money and effort; in the widespread skepticism that prevails, especially among men; in the phenomenal success of the Salva-tion Army, which studiously avoids every semblance to a church; in the hiss that greets the mention of church in representative gath-erings of laboring men. . . . The people are not fools! They are not to be caught with chaff! . . . The people are sadly losing faith in the purity, sincerity, and disinterestedness of motive of the Church; and here in the domination of the dollar, is the fundamental reason why. From loss of faith in the Church, it is but a step with most men, to loss of faith in God, in moral government in the world, and then on to all looseness and license. So they go, the great mass of "com-mon people" such as heard Christ gladly, in numbers increasingly large, past the doors of the church to park and pleasure ground, or else stay at home and read the Sunday news-paper. Of course it is very illogical and all wrong; but it is exceedingly human and ex-actly according to what facts and the trend of events would lead one to expect. The writer does not wish to be misunder-stood. He is neither a skeptic nor a cynic. He is an orthodox clergyman who loves the Church, and writes from a heart which is sad at a contemplation of these things. He be-moans the evils herein set forth; he longs to see the Church awake to her danger, and be- hold in the coming social battle of the Titans, the greatness of her opportunity. He prays that she may rise and shake off the grave clothes of mammonism, come into harmony with the Christianity of Christ, bring forth fruit meet for repentance, and be rejuvenated by the cleansing fires of a new Pentecost! To force a man to rest one day in the week, with the idea of benefiting him, is like, trying to make an individual thrive on food 'that he does not relish. 