NOVEMBER 5, 1896. .A.1011EILI(DA,.1'cl SJErkfrirIN1E.L, 3417 seeks to accomplish its purposes through the direct instrumentality of the ballot. " It maintains that the State is as truly sacred as the Church, . . and should recog-nize God as the source of all authority." But the only recognition of God which can be pleasing to him is that which comes through faith in Jesus Christ. " Without faith it is impossible to please him," writes Paul, " for he that corneth to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." Heb. 11: 6. A rec-ognition of God which possesses any saving virtue must be something more than that acknowledgment of him given by the devils, who " believe and tremble." James 2:19. But the State cannot exercise faith, and hence cannot make any proper or acceptable acknowledgment of God. Faith is for the individual only. Through faith we beCome acquainted with God so that we can recognize him as he is. Any other recognition of him could not meet with his approval.Ł The State speaks through its laws. Its recognition of God must therefore be by law. And if by law, it cannot be of faith. The character of State legislation is determined by the composition of its legislature, which in turn depends upon the vote of the people. But voting is not a religious act; it is the exercise of a civil right, which Christians and non-Christians possess and exercise alike. Hence there can be no true recognition of God through the ballot. Faith is given to secure salvation. If the State can exercise faith, it can be saved. But if it cannot exercise faith, it has no business to concern itself with religion. SalVation, however, in the Christian sense, is a mean-ingless word considered apart from the indi-vidual; for Christian salvation means always salvation from sin. But all sin lies at the door of the individual. Sin never will de-mand other than an individual accounting. The Church of God cannot save the individ-ual member of it who is a sinner; much less can he hope for salvation through his con-nection with the state. The scheme of State recognition of God, therefore, is altogether Utopian so far as any Christian purpose is concerned. Its signifi-cance is wholly of an antichristian character. For State recognition of God, by law, means enforced religious observances on the part of those subject to the State, if it means any-thing at all. But enforced observances are not of faith, and " whatsoever is not of faith is sin." s. REFORMING THE THE NATION. [Bible Echo (Melbourne, Australia), Sept. 28, 1896.] ONE of the wildest notions that was ever conceived by man is the idea of reforming the nation without reforming the people compos-ing it. And yet many apparently wise and intelligent men to day seem to entertain this idea. They talk and act as though by some magic stroke of policy, by some act of Parlia-ment or the like, the people may all be made Christians. To deal with the people individ-ually they think too slow a process, and vir-tually a hopeless task. The work must be done by wholesale. The inconsistency of such a theory is thus grotesquely expressed in a modern publication, under the' heading, "Took a Smaller Job:Š " He drank, chewed, an' smoked, an' was likewise profane; He got angry on small provocation; So he gave up the job of reformin' hisself, And went in.for reformin' the nation." RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN STATE SCHOOLS. [From the New:Zealand Baptist, August, 1896.] The position and attitude of Noncon-formists in England when Forster introduced his Education bill in 1870 are being repeated by us to-day, for the question of "religious instruction in schools" finds us confused, divided, and blind to the great issues at stake. Unless we promptly close our ranks and pre-sent a solid front to the clericalism and intolerence involved in the present agitation, the probability is that in a few years we shall find ourselves in the weak position Noncon-formists occupy in the present crisis in Eng-land. The question concerns us as Baptists, more than any other denomination, for we have ever been foremost in the fight for lib-erty of conscience and toleration in matters of religion. Now, I think I shall be able to prove that the proposed innovation,Š the teaching of religion by agents of the State,Šviolates some of our most sacred principles, sapping the foundations of some of the fun-damental truths which lie at the basis of the Nonconformist position. There are two main principles accepted universally by Baptist churches, viz:- 1. Liberty of conscience. 2. The noninterference of the State in matters of religion. In the course of the article we shall see how the proposal affects these principles. The question at issue is not the merit of any proposed text-book, but the acceptance or rejection of broad,Łgenerally-accepted prin-ciples. The question is not " Will it benefit us ?" but " Is it right ?" I shall state my case by a series of propo-sitions, to which no, Baptists can rightly ob-ject. 1. The State has no right- to interfere in matters of religion.ŠIt is because we recog-nize this principle that we oppose the estab-lishment of any sect or church by the State. We demand that religion shall be free and unfettered by any connection with a secular State. It was because of this principle that Baptists in England preferred to go to prison rather than to pay rates in aid of the Estab-lished Church. Whatever may have been obscure to our Baptist " fathers," this prin-ciple has never been lost. They realized, and we realize, that religion is a spiritual thing, and therefore beyond the reach of any secular power; so when the State stoops to patronize or strives to coerce, we reply, "Hands off. This is God's affair, for religion is free, vol-untary, and sacred." Why, our very position as Nonconformists is a protest against State interference. Are we not agreed so far ? Well, do you not see that the teaching of religion by the State in the " day schools" is a direct inter-ference in religious matters ? By so doing, the State presumes to enter into a region forbidden by the spirit of religion and by our own belief. Logically, if we allow the State to day to further the interests of religion, we have no right to complain if the State to-morrow does its utmost to hinder the interests of religion. Once admit the State's right of interference, and we give ourselves away, placing ourselves at the mercy of the State. 2. We have no right to give religious in-struction by enforced taxation.ŠIn the spirit-ual realm there must be no coercion, all must be done of free choice, willingly, gladly. This is one of our reasons against a Church establishment by act of parliament. No church dreams of taxing its members for the advancement of religion by 'act of parliament. We recognize that whatever we do or give is  not a matter of law but of conscience. Now, our schools are maintained by enforced taxa-tion; all having to contribute alike, irrespec- tive of their belief, whether Christian, .Athe- ist, Oriental, etc. Ł so, consistent with our principle, we maintain that you have no right to apply this money to religious instruction, which you must do if you allow religion to be taught in the schools. Further, is Ł it not clear if we allow religion to enter the schools that we give this principle away; for if the State is to establish the school for religious purposes, why not establish the Church for the same end ? If we allow it to establish the one, we have no reason to object if it es-tablish the other. If a religion cannot be maintained without the secular arm, then it is unworthy of maintenance, and the sooner it die an ignominious death the better. Ł 3. Religious instruction can only be given by competent teachers.ŠCompetency here im-plies conversion; so religious teaching can only be given by the religious. For the irre-ligious to undertake this work would be sac-rilege and unholy presumption. We recog-nize this principle in all our churches. We would not dream of letting a non-Christian occupy one of our pulpits; and yet, by this agitation, we purpose handing over to our school teachers (about 60 or 70 per cent. of whom are not Christians) the religious in-struction of our young. Could inconsistency go further ? I deny the right of any section Šlarge or smallŠof the community to make a " conscience " clause. It is an unwarranted and invidious interference with the teacher's religious belief. No State has the right to ask me what I believe. My belief is too sa-cred to be at the mercy of the State. 4. We have no right to compel anyone to receive religious instruction.ŠWhat applies to the teachers applies with equal force to the scholars. Why should an invidious dis-tinction be made between child and child in State schools maintained by every section of the community ? 5. There must be uniformity of belief before there can be uniformity of religious instruction in, the schools. ŠA little consideration will soon make the fairness and honesty of this proposition evident. The State is made up of many bodiesŠreligious and non-religious,Šsome of which are widely divergent in belief and practice. There are Protestants (including Unitarians), R9man Catholics, Theosophists, the China-men, with their Buddhism or Confucianism, etc., etc. All these bodies contribute equally to our State schools. Then what right have we to use this money to enforce the religious belief of a particular body ? Where is the fairness and justice of the proposal ? The comparative worth of the religious belief does not enter into the question at all. Could a Buddhist honestly subscribe to any religious text-book we might frame ? This dishonest compromise of outward uni-formity has broken down in England, and the attitude of the Roman Catholics proves that it will break down here. So keenly sensitive are the Catholics to the impossibility of any compromise, that, rather than be a party to it, they maintain their own schools out of their own pockets. And every other nonconforming body has equal ground for protest. The only other possible supposition. is, that .the creed of each religious sect be taught in turn; but the absurdity of this prevents serious consideration. 6. Is it just to compel non-Christians to pay for the extension of our religious belief, just because we happen to be in the majority'? ŠDo you not see that we are forcing them into an immoral positionŠto support what 