38 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. For What Are the Powers That Be, Ordained? HAVING shown, in another place, that the powers that be are ordained of God, the ques-tion comes up for consideration, For what are these powers ordained? The National Reform theory claims that because the powers u that ought to be" are ordained to God, it follows that those powers would be ordained to min-ister in all things pertaining to God and man. But such an interpretation is just as far from the truth as is the average National Reform interpretation. The powers that be are ordained of God in things that pertain to civil government and in that alone. The magistrate is "the minister of God" solely in things civil and in nothing else. And men are to be subject to the higher pow-ers in things civil, and in nothing else, for those powers have to do with things civil and nothing else. It is admitted by the National Reformers that Romans 13 : 1-10 treats " of civil government and of civil duties:" Now the definition of civil according to Webster is, " Pertaining to a city or State, or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow-citizens or to the State." Civil government, therefore, pertaining solely to the citizen in his relations to his fellow-citizens or to the State, in the very nature of the case can have nothing at all to do with the relations of the citizens to God. And as the National Reform definition of religion is, "Man's personal relation of faith and obedi-ence to God," this is to say that civil govern-ment can, of right, have nothing whatever to do with religion. That these propositions are correct, we have decisive proof in two notable instances. We have shown that the power of Nebu-chadnezzar was ordained of God. Now this same Nebuchadnezzar took upon himself to play the role of the grand National Reformer of his day. It was not enough that he should be ordained of God to rule in the relations of men with their fellow-men or with the State, but he must take it upon himself to rule in men's relations to God. It was not enough that his power was ordained of God in things civil, but he must exercise his power in things religious. It was not enough that he should rule men's bodies, he must rule their con-sciences as well. He would compel men to worship the god that he should choose and as he chose. Accordingly he made a colossal image, and set it up in the plain of Dura, not far from Babylon, and then sent and gathered together "the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the coun-selors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers" to the dedication of the image. Then when all were assembled, he published an edict by a loud-voiced herald, that at a signal sounded by all the musical instruments together, everybody should fall down and worship the great golden image, and this under penalty, upon whoso-ever refused, of being pitched into a fiery furnace. But in the crowd there happened to be three "political atheists "ŠJews they were then calledŠwho-chose to worship God accord- ing to the dictates of their own consciences, and so refused to obey the law. They were called up and asked about it, but they per-sisted in their opposition to National Reform, and said plainly, " Be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." But according to President Seelye's National Reform principle, the State, i. e., Nebuchadnezzar, was both " courageous " and "wise," and therefore did "not falter," and into the burning fiery furnace intensely heated the "political atheists" were thrust. NO POWER OVER CONSCIENCE. Then King Nebuchadnezzar " rose up in haste" and cried to his counselors, " Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire ? They answered and said unto the king, True, 0 King. He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God." Then the king called to the men to come out, and they did so, untouched by the fire. "Then Nebu-chadnezzar spoke, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, who hath sent his angel,,and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God." Thus God not only brought Nebuchadnezzar to the kingdom and ordained him a power over all the kingdoms and nations round about, but he also demon-strated to him that although his power was ordained of God, that power was not ordained inthings pertaining to God. The Lord showed him that although God had given him power over all kingdoms and nations, he had not given him power over the worship, the faith, or the conscience of a single individual in any nation. The Lord not only showed this to Nebu-chadnezzar, but by having it recorded in his word he has shown it to all people to whom that word shall come. And it is one of the most surprising things, that in the end of this nineteenth century, in this land of Bibles and consequent light and liberty, there should arise a set of men who will go about to put in prac-tice in this Government the principles of the heathen Nebuchadnezzar. There might be al-lowed some excuse for a poor, blind heathen doing such a thing twenty-four hundred and sixty-seven years ago; but what shadow of ex-cuse can therd' possibly be for men who will do it now, with the Bible in their hands, and in the face of a miracle of God wrought ex-pressly to show the iniquity of it? Nor is this case of Nebuchadnezzar the only instance in which God has shown to men that although the powers that be are ordained of God, they are ordained only in things per-taining to men, in their relations to their fel-low-men as citizens, and to the State. Under Darius, the Mede, whose power was ordained of God, some envious officials grew so jealous of the prime minister, that they determined to get him out of the way. But in all their searching and spying they utterly failed to  find any fault at all in him. " Then said these men, We shall- not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him con-cerning the law of his God." But there was no State law by which they could interfere with his rights of conscience or his liberty of worship. So like the true National Reform-ers they were, they set to work to "inaugurate a revolution." They pretended to be greatly interested in the honor of the king, and the good of the State. Darius, suspecting nothing, but supposing their representations were made in good faith, fell into the trap, and enacted the law which they had framed. At their so-licitation he established a statute, and signed a decree that nobody should ask any petition of either God or man, save of the king, for thirty days; and that, too, under the dreadful pen-alty of being made food for lions. But Daniel knew that the power of Medo-Persia was not ordained to any such work as that; and when he "knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and, his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a 'day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime." Then those men found Daniel praying, as was a foregone certainty, and rushed to the king with the report. Suddenly the eyes of Darius were opened; he saw that he had been trapped, and took shame to himself that he had al-lowed himself to be so terribly hoodwinked, and immediately began to try to deliver Dan-iel out of their persecuting hands. "And he labored till the going down of the sun to de-liver him," but there was no remedy; the thing was law and the law had to ;take its course, for it could not be changed, and con-sequently to the lions Daniel had to go. But so far as Daniel was concerned the result in this instance was the same as the other, for when Darius hastened to the den in the morn-ing and called out to him, Daniel answered him cheerfully and said, "My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me; forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, 0 king, have I done no hurt." DON'T TRUST THEM.  Now the same evil principle illustrated in this case, is being practiced in the United States to-day. And it is being worked in the same way precisely. Preachers professing great interest in the workingman, or great regard for the safety of the State, will go to the Legislature with a petition, and get some one of their kind to introduce a bill, for the enactment of a rigorous Sunday law, or for the repeal of a protective clause in an already rigorous law, and all this professedly as a " police regulation " or " in the interests of prohibition," or anything else but what it, really is. And by pious pretensions, honeyed phrases, and fair speeches, they conceal their real purpose, succeed in hoodwinking the Legislature, and secure the passage of their innocent appearing bill. But as soon as their will has been made law, their interest in the "workingman," or in "prohibition," etc., sud- 