86 'TI n AMMRICAN motive in demanding a Sunday law ? One would naturally suppose the object of so much labor to be the securing of something not already possessed. Then it must be something not directly asked for. Some of them say, " Half a loaf is better than no bread." What they ask now they ask in the name of physical rest, in the name of a civil holiday, etc., hoping by this means to get some kind of a special Sunday law, a direct legal recognition of the day, and then demand more as sentiment can be worked up among the people. Clearly, the ultimate aim, whatever the present pretense, is a legal religious Sab-bath, rigidly enforced as such. And some of the leading ones in the movement do not hesitate to openly avow such intent.ŠW. N. G. in Signs of the Times. Keep the Schools to Their Own Work. PROTESTANTS are contending, many of them, for a special religious training in the schools, not of a sectarian character, but general, fundamental. I am beginning to doubt if the matter of religion can be safely or consistently, or perhaps justly, placed in the common schools, which belong wholly to the people. I do not see how I can justify my opposi-tion to the principles and conduct of the Catholics in this matter, if I insist upon a course which in another way I myself adopt. Ex-President Woolsey, a great Christian scholar, and among the wisest of men, said : " I question very much whether the formal reading of the Bible in school does so much good as to be justly re-garded as essential." I believe in my whole heart that religious training is of first importance for the development of full rounded character, and for the saving of men's souls. But that is the mission of the Church, not of the State. " Render unto Cmsar the things which are Csar's, and unto God the things which are God's" Multiply churches, multiply Sunday schools, intensify the religious example and training in the family; but keep these common schools of our country to their own work of mingling these children into a oneness of life, a unity of patriotic purpose and love, an intelligent and re-sponsible understanding of the meaning, duties and dignities of American citizen-ship. Fellow-citizens : What we need just now in this RepubliC is a revival of pure Amer-icanism. There is an American life; there is, an American character; there is an American history; there is an AMerican destiny, and these are good enough and glorious enough for any man or woman who walks American soil. Allegiance to any other nation let every one here for-swear. Alliance with foreign nobility let every American daughter contemn. Every other flag of any other fatherland, let them one and all be left behind, as born or adopted citizens of this peerless American Nation. We salute with a rapture of loy-alty the one flag whose stripes' were baptised in the blood of the struggle of a people for its independence, whose stars came forth from the awful darkness of a mighty civil war to shine with an increasing radiance upon a people's commonwealth.Š'Rev. George B. Spalding, D. D., Pastor First Presbyterian Church, Syracuse, New York. 1- Ł How Sunday Laws Conduce to Morality. A LITTLE practical experience is worth a good deal of theory. From the Boston Herald I clip an article bearing the sug-gestive title of, " Tobacco a drug on Sun-day." Were it not for lack of space, I am Sure the readers of THE SENTINEL would be interested in it all. I shall, however, only refer to a few points, and make one or two brief extracts accompanying them with comments. It seems that the " Puritan City," the so called " Hub " of tlie moral and intellectual universe, prohibits by law the sale of to-bacco and cigars on Sunday; also the sale of newspapers on the street, after 10 A. M. The industriously inclined bootblack is also prohibited from shining the soiled shoes of even the pious church-goers. Of course it is argued, as usual, that these laws are in the interests of morality and religion, but where is the evidence for such a claim ? The following conversation is vouched for as having taken place between a news-boy, and a bootblack, the newsboy mean-while secreting his few remaining papers under his coat :Š " We's goin' to be moral, anyhow," chirruped the newsboy as the policeman came up within hearing, "even if we does do widout 'nc-agh to eat. I would-n't break de law, I wouldn't." " Neider would I," chimed in the juvenile shoe-polisher, who had hidden his establishmentŠthe shoeblack's regulation kit. " I am like de minstrels in Stones's, I doesn't black on Sundays." The same article gives an account of the Sunday sale, by the druggists, of gin-cocktails disguised as " Woodbury's An- tidote." - Many continued to sell their tobacco and cigars in spite of the law, though- one clerk testified that on that Sunday morn-ing, although the cigars were there in the case, yet he had refused some fifty would-be purchasers. Many of the men as they slammed the door behind their retreating forms mut-tered a word that sounded so much like the " slam," that it was drowned, as it were, in the echo. One clerk told the reporter that he would not wonder if they soon had a way of disguising cigars. Then comes the following As if prophetic, the echo of the words still rung in the reporter'EL brain when he dropped into Ł a druggist's shop; after taking a short' ride to the South end, and asked for some cigars. The young gentleman back' of the counter handed over a peculiar package that looked as if it Might Contain cough drops or a corn cure. "Twenty-five cents," said the young man sig-nificantly, "or -we can give you something made from a different formula for fifteen cents." The package consisted of a cardboard 4 x 6 in-ches, and so folded as to make an elongated case open at the ends. Around this carefully folded was a dark paper wrapper sealed at the ends with red wax. Upon one of the broad sides of the package was printed the following:Š WONDER RELIEF. AN EFFICIENT ANODYNE To allay restlessness, calm mental and bodily nervousness, and to produce a general state of delightful languor and repose. A palliative for Nervous Cough and paroxysms of Chronic Asthma. An aid to digestion. PRICE. 25 CENTS. At the back was printed: " Indorsed by many eminent physicians." Along the sides appeared the following:Š Ire-CAUTIONŠThis drug is a powerful sedative poison, locally irritant, and SHOULD BE KEPT BEYOND THE REACH OF CHILDREN. An infusion of 20 grains of this drug in a half-pint of water (used for an enema) will prove an efficient antidote for poison-ing bystrychnia. National Dispensatory, 2d Ed. 1880. The scribe broke the sealed ends and drew forth three good cigars. The clerk of the Court Square establishment had spoken like a prophet. These things speak for themselves. How much has been gained to the cause of morality and religion by these Sunday laws ? -Many have sold in spite of the law, and thus, perhaps, taken their first step in conscious willful law breaking. Others have found means of selling under dis-guise, thus adding to their other sin, that of deception. And all who, on account of the law, hair() refused to sell, have simply done so for fear of the law and are there-fore no better morally than those who have Ł sold, only a little more cowardly. The very newsboys and bootblacks are made,. by the law, liars and hypocrites and every would-be. purchaser is morally as guilty as if he had succeeded in making his purchase, to say nothing of the addi-tional guilt of swearing at the discom-fiture of his failure. Where is the gain to the cause of mo-rality ? Where 2 It is a question that those who believe in morality enforced by law ought to answer. G. E. FIFIELD. THAT part of religious history written with the blood of martyrs, shows that from time immemorial legislation for Christ's sake has been the work of the devil's ambassadors. Christ himself did not escape. A religion that -needs the strong arm of the State to support it, should be abandoned in the interest of good Ł government. Morality cannot be legislated into any man or community.ŠChicago Chronicle-Record. UNION of Church and State ? The world has tried- that for centuries, ,and reaped a harvest of persecution and bloodshed. Shall we swing backward to those reigns of terror, and try the experiment over again, as certain bigots propose ? This queStion is coming up for consideration. Let us be prepared to answer it.ŠPro-gre&sive Age. 