398 AN Vol,. 11, No. 40. would not be welcome if he did. So on Sun-day morning of a pleasant day with his family he boards a cable car and starts for the park. A rich man who has just made sure that his clerks are busy at work adding up long col-umns of figures and seeing that no orders are missed or mistakes made, passes him while on his way to church. In class-meeting this pious fraud gets up and thanks God that he is not like that poor Dutchman he had just seen, and immediately declares that there ought to be something done to arrest the encroachments of the Continental Sunday which these foreigners have brought to our shores. Then in an impassioned manner he appealed to the Association to go about the work in hand as did the Master of oldŠmingle with the people, share their sorrows and griefs, and in tenderness lift up the fallen and down-cast, not coerce themŠand if this were done then the twentieth century would witness a wonderful sight, not merely an American sabbath but a Christian Sabbath, dedicated as it should be to the service of God and the uplifting of humanity. Of course the effect of such counter speeches can be easily imagined, and the feeling was plainly manifest. "Phases of the Work That Need Emphasizing," was the title of an address by Rev. A. L. Frisbie, pastor of the First Congregational Church of Des Moines, and who, by the way, has been a reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL Ł for some time past. He showed very clearly that he hal correct ideas of religious liberty, and what compulsory Sabbath laws are liable to lead to. Like Mr. Dadley he believed that the only phase of the question that could be considered from a legal standpoint was the civil one, and yet after all, a man could not have goodness legislated into him; and never would Sunday be observed as it should be unless men did it because they felt that it was a duty they owed to God, for any other than heart worship was hypocrisy; that while there were phases of the work that could possibly be better effected by legislative meas-ures than otherwise, yet it was the duty of the Church to win the people to a religious observance of the day rather than coerce them. There were numerous other papers and ad-dresses on various phases of the question, but they partook so much of the nature of what the readers of the SENTINEL are familiar with that it would hardly be profitable to give them. Resolutions were adopted depre-cating the desecration of the day; protesting against Sunday trains, moving of United States mails, Sunday newspapers, etc. ; asking for the closing of all places of business and the discouragement of all social and recre-ative diversions on Sunday; exalting the first day of the week as a holy day in the hearts of the people as set apart by God for divine worship; and demanding that one day in seven should be secured to all the people as a day of rest under the protection of the civil law. Noticeable Features of the Convention. One noticeable feature of the convention was their lack of unanimity of thought. One man, " led by the Spirit," would make cer-tain statements concerning the sabbath and its preservation as a holy day, and he would be followed by another speaker who would squarely contradict him on many points. It reminded one of the accusers of Christ, of whom it is said, " Their witnesses agreed not together." Another interesting feature was the stress laid upon the distinction between the civil and religious phases of the Sabbath question. One of the speakers was asked privately if the logical result of Sunday laws was not persecution, no matter if only the civil sab-bath was sought to be protected. He replied " No." When asked how he explained the fact that the same Sabbath laws in substance that were on the Iowa statute books existed in many of the Southern States, and yet under the latter, honest, conscientious men were sent to jail and made to work in chain-gangs because they refused to rest on Sunday after having observed the previous day as the Sabbath, replied: " The people down there are not yet out the woods; they need edu-cating; we would never do that in the North." And it might be remarked that right here a fatal error, lies so close to a vital truth, that only those who understand what constitutes true religious liberty can detect it. Still another noticeable feature was the apparent consciousness of the inability of the plan they propose, ever really to succeed in bringing about the desired result. One speaker said that after all, the place to begin the rescue of the Sabbath was in the homes and with the childrenŠthat unless they were taught to reverence the day as God's day, and regard it as unto the Lord, and not unto man, they could not be made to observe it as they should in later years. At no previous convention attended by the writer was there so little said as to why the first day was observed instead of the Sabbath. Sunday was the recognized Sabbath of the nation, and that was enough. Yet whenever appeal was made to the Bible as authority for the observance of Sunday, no Sabbatarian could ask for stronger arguments for his po-sitionŠto a certain point at least. One speaker said, " The fourth commandment is as eternal as G )cl himself; the very nature of the Sabbath indicates that it can never be abrogated; and unless the young people of to-day are e arly taught that the observance of Sunday, rests upon this Sabbath command-ment, there is no hope for the future." NEWS AND NOTES. THE " American Sabbath Union" is con-ducting meetings in various towns and cities in the United States, at which the subject discussed is, " The American Sabbath: Its Relation to Good Citizenship and Christian Progress." Addresses, limited to ten min-utes each, are made by representatives of the various young people's societies, as the Ep-worth League, Christian Endeavor Society, etc. Thus the subject of " Sabbath reform" by law is being kept before the minds of the Christian young people of the country. RECENTLY in the course of his revival effort in New York City, Mr. Moody, the well-known Evangelist, devoted an afternoon meeting to the subject of Sabbath observance. Mr. Moody's meetings have been almost sen-sational in their apparent results thus far, bat the weak spot in his work appeared when he came in touch with the very practical question of keeping the Sabbath. He did not tell his audience which day is the Sab-bath, although he must have known that very many of them were unsettled in their minds upon this important point. The Au-thor of the Sabbath is perfectly specific in his statements concerning which day is the  one to be observed. He says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Is the Cre-ator too definite upon this point ? Is his way of presenting the subject inferior to that dis-covered by Mr. Moody ? Or was Mr. Moody silent on this point because he knew that he was addressing those who observe the first day instead of the seventh, without any scriptural warrant for so doing ? THE Tulare (Cal.) Lally Register, of No-vember 27, reports that a regularly issued order to the California national guard re-quires them to attend church on Sunday evenings, the men being left free to select the church of their preference. The Register suggests that " this is probably an atonement for sending the men out to camp in the frost without tents, overcoats or blankets." If the men can rightfully be obliged to prefer some church, why not oblige them to prefer some one church, and thus secure uniformity and avoid confusion, as should be done in military matters ? The same princi-ple would be followed in the latter course as in the former. THE Alabama Legislature passed a bill December 5, " To prohibit the sale, giving away, or otherwise disposing of spirituous liquors within five miles of the Saginaw M. E. Church, Shelby County." Why should the Legislature of Alabama single out this church for such special " protection"? Have the members of this church more confidence in the civil law to purify the community in which they live than in the power of Chris-tianity which Christ's followers are to possess? Or are they conscience that that power is ab-sent from their own lives ? Christianity rejoices in entering the dark-est spots of earth to illumine them with the light of life. She comes to the most sinful and degraded of human beings just as they are, and does not ask some other power to make them presentable to stand in her pres-ence. As MENTIONED in our last issue, the organ of the " Christian nation" party recently announced a remarkable discovery in con-nection with the President's " Christian" Thanksgiving proclamation. It was that the " settlement of the Venezuelan controversy" announced in the papers a few days later, came as a direct testimonial of divine ap-proval of the President's course. Looking upon this happy occurrence it was moved to exclaim, " Was there ever a more complete or fuller illustration of that golden promise of God's word: Them that honor me I will honor '1 " Probably, from the " Christian nation " standpoint, there never was! But behold! it now transpires that the Venezuelan con-troversy is not settled after all. Venezuela is not represented on the commission of arbi-tration, the country has risen in indignant protest, negotiations are stopped, and the controversy is seemingly as far from an end as ever! We advise the aforesaid exponent of "National Reform" to wait next time until it can be sure that its discoveries will have the support of facts. A " REFORM" which is based on tradition in place of the Word of God, is always a re-form backwards. Such is the reform which now seeks to enforce the observance of Sunday. 