174 THE AMERICA1 breast of all alikeŠChristian, Jew, or in-fidel, believer or unbeliever; for Article X, of the Amendments says :Š The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, and to the people. There is and can be but one limitation to the exercise of these rights, that is the infringement of the rights of another. So long as a man does not infringe upon the rights of another, he has the indis-putable right to the employment of his rights. In this also must be included the right not to exercise these rights if a man shall so choose, else true liberty is gone. These rights are guaranteed by our na-tional Constitution.ŠPublius, in Labor's Tribune. Cause for Alarm. JAMES B. MASON, of Chapel Hill, N. C., who was educated at the State University and Trinity College, and was licensed in. 1869 from the law school of the late Hon. W. H. Battle, Judge of the Supreme Court of North Carolina, gives utterance to the following significant words :Š " Where are the Roger Williamses, the Martin Luthers, and the John Wesleys, and their early coadjutors, the staffs of religious liberty, and where are the Thomas Jeffersons in the affairs of State ? A sad recalling ! We pause ! We reflect much! Here with hope, there with fore-bodings! We cease here to speak of or imagine them ! " From these masterly days we have made rapid strides in civil and religious liberty, and free AmericaŠthe United StatesŠenjoys to-day the admiration of the entire civilized world. This I say, and this I believe. But, withal, have we not reached a point in human events de-manding a pause and reflection ? Is not the insignia of religious bigotry and intol-erance wont to be erected ? Are not leg-islators attempting to do the work of the Church ? Is not the Church attempting to control the affairs properly belonging to both Church and State ? " Sunday Ninety Years Ago. THE following story comes from Mil-ford, Conn., illustrative of the way in which Sunday laws were enforced in that State ninety years ago :Š Deacon Higby, as tithingman of Milford, was accustomed to sit between sunrise and sunset every Sunday in the front gallery of the old Plymouth Church, on the turnpike in that place. From the window he could command a view of the road for several miles east and west, and if any traveler passed on pleasure or business bent he was halted and compelled to stop over until the sun had set. Vice-President Burr arrived at Milford on Sunday morning. Deacon Higby saw the imposing equi-page coming toward the church, and ran out to stop it. The postilions drew up at his word of com-mand, and Mr. Burr asked, " What's the matter?" Deacon Higby told him that he was breaking a law of the State by traveling on Sunday, and that he must put up his horses and wait until sunset. Burr was somewhat astonished at the command, and, after looking at the tall and imposing figure of the tithingman who stood at the horses' heads, he re-marked, as if expecting to settle the question: " But I am Aaron Burr, Vice-President of the United States." The deacon was no respector of persons. With an obeisance, he replied : " It makes no difference if you are Vice-President of the United States. In the name of the God I serve and the country I honor, I forbid you to pass through this place until the sun has set." Burr obeyed the command and had his horses put out, and he and his retinue took dinner in But-ler's tavern, staying until after the sun went down. It will be observed that at the time re-ferred to Sunday was reckoned as begin-ning at sundown on Saturday, and ending at the same time the following evening. This was in accordance with the Bible count of time, now abandoned, however, by Sunday-keepers, possibly on account of the mischief which from the standpoint of Sunday sacredness it makes with the first day meeting, an account of which is given in the twentieth chapter of Acts. Counting from evening to evening, the Troas meeting was held on what we call Saturday night, and the light part of Sun-day was spent by the apostle in walking from Troas to Assos, a distance of nine-teen miles. That is just what he did; but counting from midnight to midnight as is now the custom gives color to the claim either thoughtlessly or dishonestly made, that the meeting at Troas was on what we call Sunday evening, and that the apostle resumed his journey Monday morning. They Are Proud of It. THE Christian Statesman writing of the early part of this century, says :Š Only mail trains were allowed, Congress having authorized Sunday mails in 1810 as a war measure, which became the occasion of a Sabbath-observance revival in 1828-9, when petitions poured into Con-gress from nearly every State, asking that this official attack upon religion and rest should cease. The petitions failed, because the Post master Gen-eral and Congress were partly too shallow and partly too wicked to see the fallacy of a Seventh-day-Baptist argument presented to them, which assumed that for Congress to cancel its order for Sunday mails would be a union of Church and State as if the order itself were not a case of State against Church, and also against the rights of Gov-ernment employes in the matter of rest and con-science. Seventh-day Baptists were undoubtedly responsible for the argument which decided the issue in 1828-9, and we are proud of the honor which our forefathers gained for themselves, and for the truth. The Statesman seems to lack the power to take God and the Sabbath into account in its consideration of Sunday. To read its pages one would think that the funda-mental issue of the hour is the right of Government employes and poor working-men to rest on Sunday. God, and his Sabbath, which the Statesman calls " Sat-urday," and disregards as loftily as though Jehovah, maker of heaven and earth, had "no rights which the Statesman is bound to respect," must not come into mind! It is a serious pity that the " Post-master General and Congress were partly too shallow and partly too wicked to see the fallacy of a Seventh-day Baptist argu-ment " in favor of rendering unto God the things that belong to him ! How wonderfully deep, and how holy, the Statesman is when compared with such a Congress, and such a Post-master General! It overwhelms one to think of it !ŠSabbath Outlook. ~.  Sunday Observances. - WIFEŠI'd like to know what you go to the club for on Sundays. Are the card rooms and billiard rooms open on Sun-day ? HusbandŠOh, no, my dearŠno, indeed. We would n't think of such desecration. Everything is closed but the bar.ŠNew York Weekly, NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY . ASSOCIATION FOUR men have been arrested for operating a merry-go-round, at the foot of West Forty-eighth St., on Sunday May 22, and held for trial. IN the various justice courts of New York City, twenty-eight persons were held, on Monday, May 23, for selling liquor and maintaining open billiard halls the previous day. SOME of the prominent ladies of Cape May, N. ..1`— went on a crusade against the saloons of that place on Sunday, May 22, and secured the arrest of a number of saloon-keepers for " breaking the Sab-bath." THE New Ycrk Sabbath Committee, through its secretary, Rev. W. W. Atterbury, and employing the same detectives who purchased the exhibition of the city's wickedness for Dr. Parkhurst, has under-taken a crusade against the dime museums and theatres which open on Sunday. Arrests have been made of the proprietors of Huber's Dime Museum and the Globe Theater. UPON the favorable report of the District Com-mittee of the House, the Sunday ice bill for the District of Columbia (H. R. 8367), entitled "A bill prohibiting the delivery and sale of ice within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly know as Sunday," has been passed by the House of Representatives. The same bill has been favorably passed upon by the District Committc..) of the Senate, and it now remains only for the Senate to concur with the House in the passage of this bill, and Congress will have fully entered upon its course of religious legislation. IMMEDIATELY following the passage of the Sun-day ice bill by the House of Representatives, the Washington Post records the arrest of a restaurant keeper of Washington on the charge of "selling on Sunday. " A fine of thirty-five dollars was im- posed. An appeal was taken. Thus almost in-stantly do those who desire the enforcement of religious laws take advantage of the slightest vi- dence that they will be upheld, to attempt to revive the colonial Church and State laws which remain on the statute books. THE Sun, of May 25, has the following special dispatch from Norwich, Conn.:Š Thirteen young men, most of whom belong in Norwich, went trout fishing in Volnatown on Sunday, May 1, twelve miles east of this city, in the wilds of eastern Connecticut, and a grand juror of that town, who takes care of the peace of the town, arrested the whole band, charging them with violating an old Blue Law of the State which for-bids fishing on Sunday. He let them come home, but to-day they had to drive twelve miles to Volna-town to appear in court. They paid fines and costs amounting to thirteen dollars each. Gradually the colonial laws in reference to reli-gious observances are being revived. At the pres-ent rate of progress in this respect, it will be but a few years before we shall see a repetition of early colonial days in this regard. CONGRESSMAN HOPKINS, of Illinois, has said to a reporter for the Washington Post that, " Nearly all the people who are sending in petitions to have the World's Fair closed on Sunday, are doing so under a misapprehension. They all seem to think that those who want the Fair opened on Sunday, want the wheels of the whole Exposition to be going round. This is wrong. In the first place, it is not yet decided whether the Fair will be open or not. I am told that the subject has never been brought up by the Board of Directors. In the second place, those Directors who are in favor of keeping it open on Sunday are not in favor of allowing any machinery to be operated. They 