02 'I‚HE,' AMERICAN SPNTINVL. should seek to connect the observance of the first day, with their new religion, especially as the fact of the resurrection of Christ on that day afforded them an excel-lent pretext for so doing. And that is just what they did; and it is significant that the practice of keeping Sunday as a Christian festival originated among Gen-tile ChristiansŠthose who had as pagans worshiped the sun upon that day. Recog-nizing this fact, the North British Review, Vol. 13, p. 409, thus defends the change :Š That very day was the Sunday of their heathen neighbors and respective countrymen; and patriot-ism gladly united with expediency in making it their Lord's day and their Sabbath. . . . The primitive Church, in fact, was shut up to the adop-tion of Sunday, until it became established and supreme, when it was too late to make another alteration; and it was no irreverent or undelightful thing to adopt it, inasmuch as the first day of the week was their own high day at any rate. It can not be claimed that this para-graph was written by an enemy to the first day, for it is a defense of the Sunday institution; and it is evident that had the writer known any better argument for the practice of Sunday-keeping than " expe-diency," or any higher authority for it than the practice and decree of a corrupt and time-serving church, he would never have made such humiliating and damag-ing admissions. And this lack of scrip-tural authority for Sunday-keeping, to-gether with the plea of " expediency " marks it as a child of the Papacy; not that it was begotten by the man of sin, for, as we have seen, it was a heathen festival long before there was such a thing as the Papacy; but that it was early adopted by the mystery of iniquity, and given a place in the Christian Church which rightfully belonged to another day, namely, the seventh, the one specified in the fourth commandment. But what especially marks the Sunday Sabbath as the child of the Roman Church, is the fact that it was a Roman Catholic Council that first decreed that it should be kept instead of the ancient Sabbath. Upon this point Rev. Mr. James, in ad-dressing the University at Oxford, said :Š When the practice of keeping Saturday Sabbaths, which had become so general at the close of this [the third] century, was evidently gaining ground in the Eastern church, a decree was passed in the council held at Laodicea [A. D. 364] "that members of, the church should not rest from work on the Sabbath, like Jews, but should labor on that day, and preferring in honor the Lord's day, then if it be in their power should rest from work as Christians." William Prynne, famous in the history of English Puritanism, also says :Š It is certain that Christ himself, his apostles, and the primitive Christians, for some good space of time, did constantly observe the seventh-day Sab-bath, . . . the evangelists and St. Luke in the Acts ever styling it the Sabbath day, . . . and making mention of its . . . solemnization by the apostles and other Christians, . . . it being still solemnized by many Christians after the apostles' times, even till the Council of Laodicea [A. D. 364], as ecclesiastical writers and the twenty-ninth canon of that council testify, which runs  thus : " Because Christians ought not to Judaize, and to rest in the Sabbath, but to work in that day [which many did refuse at that time to do]. But preferring in honor the Lord's day 1there being then a great controversy among Christians which of these two days . . . should have precedency]; if they desired to rest they should do this as Chris-tians. Wherefore if they shall be found to Judaize, let them be accursed from Christ.'' The seventh-day Sabbath was . solemnized by Christ, the apostles, and primitive Christians, till the Laodicean Council did in a manner quite abolish the observation of it. . . . The Council of La-odicea . . . first settled the observation of the Lord's day, and prohibited . . the keeping of the Jewish Sabbath under an anathema. Of the effects of the decree of this council, John Ley, another old English writer, speaks thus :Š From the apostles' time to the Council of Lao-dicea, which was about the year 364, the holy ob-servation of the Jews' Sabbath continued, as may be proved out of many authors; yea, notwithstand-ing the decree of that council against it. About the year 468 or 469 A. D., Pope Leo issued the following decree :Š WE ORDAIN, according to the true meaning of the Holy Ghost, and of the apostles as thereby di-rected, that on the sacred day [Sunday] wherein our own integrity was restored, all do rest and cease from labor. It was thus that the voluntary custom of a portion of the Church was made uni-versal and enforced upon the whole Church; and thus it was that what Nean-der calls a "transfer of the laws of the Sabbath to Sunday " was made, and a " divine command " for its observance established. So far, then, as giving it the authority of the Church, and by it dis-placing the seventh day, the man of sin, the Papacy, the Roman Catholic Church, while yet, in its nonage, or minority, did change the Sabbath; and to assert this is no greater inaccuracy of language, even, than to say that the " Father of his coun-try," while yet a child ruined his father's cherry tree. At the time of that occurrence he was not the " Father of his country," but his identity never changed; the in-cident was true of the individual and no change of name or title could separate the fact from him. C. P. D. Put None too Strong. THE fourth section of the pronuncia-mento of the Society of Christian En- deavor of Oakland, California, is thus quoted by the Times of that city:Š The largest liberty that we can have is a product of personal restraint along certain lines. The State is an organic community, whose mission is wrought out under the moral Governor of the universe. It is responsible to him in the same sense as is the in-dividual. God established the Sabbath day. The Nation as such, being responsible to him, must rec-ognize that day. License is not liberty. True lib-erty gives us protection and the privilege of work-ing out a moral mission. The Sabbath day is fun-damental to the conditions which are essential to the highest citizenship. To do away with the Sab-bath day does away with a sense of moral re-sponsibility. To do away with moral responsibility does away with any consideration of the rights of others. And when our fellow-men no longer con-sider our rights we are surrounded by barbarism  and anarchy. Remember France and her Revolu tion. Upon this our contentipotary comments-thus pertinently;  and withal pungently :Š Herein is contained an excellent exposition of the' Puritanical spirit that allowed the "largest liberty" to the witches, Quakers, and Baptists of Salem by compelling "personal restraint" by means of the. gibbet, the pillory, and the ducking-stool. The bigots, Ł who, when they landed at Plymouth Rock "first fell upon their knees and then upon the abor-igines," also believed that " the State (as organized by themselves) is an organic community, whose mission is wrought under the moral Governor of the universe." Acting upon this idea they pro-ceeded to the building of a jail in which to imprison all who did not acknowledge their " responsibility " to the particular God worshiped by the jail build-ers. Then these refugees from the persecutions of another sort of bigotry, built a church in which they preached that "God established the Sabbath day." Whereupon those who, searching for the truth, made inquiry, " Which GodŠwhich Sabbath ?" were promptly landed in the jail, exposed in the pillory, ducked in the horse pond, or hanged by the neck. The same spirit prevails in the effort to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, but the power to inflict injury upon those who oppose the "true liberty " which " gives us protection and the priv-ilege of working out a moral mission " and which has never, when opportunity afforded, had "any consideration for the rights of others," is lacking. Their " fellow-men no longer consider their right " to jail, pillory, duck, and hang. They are sur- rounded by the " barbarism " of common sense and; the " anarchy " which emanates from the principle. that every man shall be allowed to worship his own, god, in the way that best pleases him, on the day,-he sees fit to set apart for this purpose. Intolerance and persecution are the nec-essary and legitimate fruit of the assump-tion that political parties and civil gov-ernments are charged with the responsi-bility of enforcing any part of the divine law. The Times has put it in none too strong a light. Prayer and Petitions. MRS. J. C. BATEHAM, National Super-intendent of the Sabbath Observance De-partment of the Woman's Christian Tem- perance Union, sends out the following:Š The week of prayer for Sabbath observance from April 4 to 11, should receive special attention, as it comes about the time the Exposition question is to be settled, and the World's Sabbath Prayer Union of all lands will join with us in putting this as the foremost topic. Make it as much a point to secure the church prayer meetings as the sermons. Get both in every church, if possible, and also introduce our leaflets in the Sabbath schools. Public meet-ings, prayer meetings in the Unions, private prayers, and a large use of literature should also emphasize the week. In line with the same work the Presi- dent of the Indiana Woman's Christian Temperance Union advises the local unions in that State thus :Š The circulation of petitions will be a very impor-tant part of our work, and I hope that every Union in the State will see to the circulation of the peti-tions in regard to the Sunday closing of the Co-lumbian Exposition. Be sure to get the indorse-ment of every public assembly, if possible; and theŁ names of all persons in your locality. As the ques-tion whether the Exposition is to be closed will be decided next April, we have no time to lose. As these good women pray and petition, 