JANUAAY 11, 1894. A.M.1111tO_A..N 18 and one of the most illustrious followers of Jesus Christ, has left on record for us his own view of himself by declaring him-self to be " less than the least of all saints," and "nothing." Eph. 3: 8; 2 Cor. 12: 2. This is the view which every Christian will have of himself when he is living as near to his Lord as was the Apostle Paul. And this is the secret of the realization of equal-ity among them. This is the only way in which it can ever come. When each one sees himself to be the least of all, no one will put himself above any of his fellows, no matter what may be their race, color, or the misfortunes which have dragged them down. Let it be understood, therefore, that nothing that is not done fdr the welfare of those who are its recipients, is prompted by the spirit of Christianity, or should have the sanction of Christian men and women.ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. -4, Ł  Christ and the Sabbath.* THE SABBATH BLESSING. THE Lord blessed the Sabbath, and it became a rest day for man, a day for spiritual rest. The Lord blessed the sev-enth day, sanctified the seventh day, hal-lowed the seventh day. We read in Gen. 12:2 concerning Abram: " And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing." The blessing of God put upon any person or any thing is for the purpose of making that person or that thing a blessing to some one else. That is always so; it is so in Christian experience. The blessing that God gives to us is not exclusively for us, but he designs that, in blessing us, we shall be a blessing to others. Just so when he blessed the seventh day, he designed that the seventh day should be a blessing to others. Wherever Abram went, he was a blessing to the people with whom he was associated. In exactly the same way wherever the Sabbath comes it is a bless-ing to those who know the Sabbath. Those who were acquainted with Abram were blessed because of their acquaintance with him, because God had blessed him to make him a blessing to others. Those who are acquainted with the Sabbath which God has blessed, share in a blessing because God made it a blessing by putting his blessing upon it. But is it not true that man is blessed upon every day of the week ?ŠCertainly. The record says, " And God blessed them." Gen. 1: 28. A blessing was placed upon man at the very beginning, and then God blessed the seventh day. Thus man, already blessed, came to the Sabbath, which had been blessed, and so he enjoyed, and can still enjoy, a double blessing upon the Sabbath. Now let us see in what that blessing consists. The idea of Sabbath is rest. That is the meaning of the term. Turn-ing to the record in Exodus, thirty-third chapter, we find that Moses requested the Lord not to send him and the people up unless he went with them. So the Lord s lys, fourteenth verse, "My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest." Who was it that went with the children of Israel ?Š" And they drank of that spir-itual rock that went with them, and that rock was Christ." Whose presence was it, then, that was to give them rest ?ŠIt was the presence of Christ. With this *From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. w, W. Prescott. agree the words of Christ himself in Matt. 2: 28 : " Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." It does not make any difference when it is, whether it be before the first advent of Christ; or since that time, the presence of Christ gives rest. That is the promise, " I will give you rest." My presence shall go with you and give you rest, and that is the Sabbath idea, rest. It is Christ's presence which gives rest that constitutes the very idea of. Sabbath-keep- ing. It was the presence of Christ in the day that was the special blessing of the day. It is the presence of Christ in the Sabbath that makes it a Sabbath day, a rest day, that is, spiritual rest. When the Saviour invited those to come to him that were weary and heavy laden, and he would give them rest, he did not mean simply physical rest; he meant that they could rest in him. But it is impossible to rest in the Lord unless the Lord rests in us. But go a little further. Not only is it stated that he rested on that day, and blessed that day, and made it a rest day for man, a time for spiritual refreshing, but it is said that he hallowed the day; that is, that he made that day holy. The very thing that made it a Sabbath, hal-lowed it, made it holy. And two or three scriptures very familiar will show this plainly. Refer again to the experience of Moses at the burning bush; when the Lord called to him out of the bush, he said, " Draw not nigh hither; put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground." The day before that time the ground around that bush was not particularly holy ground. It is true that God is everywhere; and it is true, in that general sense, that every-thing is holy as belonging to the Lord, but that particular portion of the earth was no more holy the day before that occurrence than any other particular por-tion, but just as soon as Christ revealed himself thereŠas we have already learned that it was Christ at the burning bushŠthat place became holy because of his presence. So the other event to which attention has been called, in Joshua, the fifth chapter, when the Prince of the host of the Lord appeared to Joshua, he said: "Loose thy shoe from off thy foot; for the place whereon thou standeA is holy." It seems likely that that was a place where Joshua retired for secret prayer. It is more than likely that he had visited this place before, and no such word had come to him, but here was the personal presence of the Prince of the host of the Lord; Christ himself was there, and the presence of Christ made that ground holy, and Joshua was commanded to loose the shoe from off his foot, because it was holy or hallowed ground. Peter says, in speak-ing of the transfiguration, the record of which 'we have in 2 Peter 1: 18, " And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount." The mount of transfiguration was called holy because Christ in his di-vinity was manifested there. We have a very marked illustration of this at the time when the law was rehearsed by Christ on Mount Sinai. Bounds were placed about the mount, and the people could not pass beyond them. That mount pre-vious to that time was not specially dis-tinguished from other mountains in that neighborhood; but when the Lord himself, JeSus Christ, the agent in creation, the agent in redemption, came down there in  person, and proclaimed anew to the world the law of God, by his own voice, his presence there made that mount holy. The mount was bounded off by lines that separated it from the other parts of the surrounding country There was no par- ticular difference between that portion of the country and other portions surround- ing it, except this, that on that particular mount Jesus Christ himself descended in person, and his presence made that mount holy. If any one stepped beyond the boundary, into that mount made holy by the presence of Christ, it was certain death to him. Here was a particular portion of the country entirely separate and distinct from the adjacent country. Men could walk about as usual, but when they came to that boundary, they must stop. That was in a special way God's land. To step over the line was to step upon holy ground. Now, just as the presence of Christ at the burning bush made the ground holy, just as the presence of Christ with Joshua made the ground holy, just as the presence of Christ on Mount Sinai made that ground holy, so the presence of Christ, which constitutes the seventh day a rest day, which makes it a Sabbath, a spiritual rest, makes that day holy. And just as there was a particular portion of the ground made holy in all these other cases; just so there was a particular portion of time made holy. The children of Israel could go about their own pursuits; they could walk about as usual outside of that boundary, but the one who treated that mount, thus marked off, the same as he treated other portions of the surrounding country, forfeited his life. It is none the less true to-day that the presence of Jesus Christ has made holy a particular portion of time, the seventh day, the Sabbath, and so the Scripture says: "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day." Isa. 58: 13. It is none the less true that man may go about as usual, may attend to his usual avocations on six days of the week, but when he comes to that boundary line which marks off the time that Christ has made holy by his own presence in it, if he knowingly steps over that line, and treats that time just as he treats the other time, he does it at the risk of his own life. It is true that " be-cause sentence against an evil work is not speedily executed, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil," but this does not lessen the force of the conclusion. The Lord has indicated his mind in this matter, and he will " give every man according to his ways and ac-cording to the fruit of his doings." It is the presence of Christ that makes holy, and his presence has been put into a particular portion of time in a special manner, and that portion of time has been bounded off, separate and distinct from other portions of time. When the chil-dren of Israel came up to the boundary of Sinai, they knew it. God did not leave them in ignorance of the boundary line between the common and the sacred. God has not left us in ignorance. He has ap-pointed means that we may know whTn we come up to that portion of time which he has made holy by his own presence in it, and by his own blessing upon it. But just as the presence of Christ at Sinai ma le that mount holy, just as his presence in the Sabbath makes that 'holy, just so the presence of Christ in the individual makes him holy. The Sabbath was 4- 