640 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. r r.   f NT1  N  ..... L  .. F 'Tang man hear mg-words; and believe not I judge him norŠamt.-au:6g. ..- - CHICAGO, OCTOBER II, 1900: Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some'friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will tie asked to pay for it. EXAMINE THE LABEL. THE yellow label on your paper indicates the date on which your subscription expires. Please examine it closely, and if it reads 1,1819 you should forward your renewal without delay in order to avoid the loss of any papers. A RECENT Methodist conference in the State of New York passed a resolution in favor of closing the Pan-American Exposition on Sunday. There is sure,  to be a strong effort 'made in this direction in due' season. The agitation of the matter will afford an excellent opportunity to place the truth concerning the principles involved before tens of thousands of interested people. .4 .4 " BISHOP POTTER," it is said, " aided and backed by many others, has opened a campaign against the bribe-taking ofŁ the New York City, police, which is said to cover $5,o00,000 a year." Certainly the 'bishop has Undertaken a large task. If bribe taking should cease in New York, how would the political machines be supported? Why, the political " boss " would have to retire from business, not only in New York, but in a good many other cities also. ' WRITING for the Saturday Evening Post, Leonidas Hubbard, Jr., while commending the teaching of patriotism in the public schools, makes this excel-lent suggestion: " Care must be taken that the right sort of pa-triotism be taught. The young American must not come to believe, that patriotism consists solely in the risking of life to repel invaders. He must be taught that it consists no less in guarding the interests of the state in time of peace. That it consists not so much in physical' courage as in unselfishness and,  honesty." IT is clear that government can not become ,the judge of men's consciences, and that the plea of con-scientious conviction can not be accepted as a final and sufficient defense in all cases of violation of law. What rule, then, can be adopted which will preserve the authority of the state and yet not trench upon the rights of conscience? , The question thus raised is well answered by a clause in the constitution of the State of Maryland: " No person ought by any law to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persua- Ł sion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless under color 'of religion, he shall disturb the good order, peace, or safety of the state, . . . or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights." In this the line is drawn just where it should be, namely, at the equal ,rights of others. Under this provision the courts are not called upon to judge any, man's con-science, but only to judge whether or not his con-science leads him to infringe the equal rights of his fellowmen. That a, man's conscience is just what he says it is no man has either right or occasion to deny. A man's statement of his conscience is an end of controversy; but it does not follow that one has a right to do whatever his conscience tells him is right for him to do. There is a difference be-tween conscience and the rights of conscience. No man, however conscientious, has any right to in-fringe the equal right of another; and at this point civil .government has a right to take cognizance, not of any man's conscience, but of the relation of the act to the, rights of others. The principle briefly stated is this: No man should be either required or forbidden to 'do any act con-trary to conscience, however erroneous that con-science may be, unless the doing or forbearing to do that act trenches on the equal rights of others. This rule would (I) abrogate all civil laws requiring the ob-servance of Sunday or of any other day; and (2) it would leave the courts free, not to judge men's con-seiences, but to protect all men against wrong in the name of conscience. But this is only saying, in other words, that which we have said many times before, namely, that civil governments are instifuted not to create or to " grant " rights, but to guarantee the free and unttammeled exercise of equal, natural, God-given, inalienable rights, and that of these the highest and most sacred is perfect freedom in mat-ters of religious belief and practice. 