THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. 173 Now, Mr. Secretary, for the sake of your own cause, don't give it and yourself away by any more such absurd arguments. But you will ask, How are the railroad men going to keep Sunday? AnswerŠBy refusing to work. Didn't they know when they went into that kind of work that they would be asked to work on Sunday? If a man is anxious to keep Sunday, will he deliberately enter into a contract which requires him to work on that day? Is there any law on the statute books of this country that requires any man to enter into a contract with a railroad company against his will? One would suppose there must be, to hear these would-be reformers talking about securhig the rights of the workingmen. But there is not; and no railroad company can compel any man to work on Sunday if he does not want to work. If the railroad men wanted to keep Sunday they would keep it, and the trains would be obliged to stop for want of men to run them. But in order to get these men to rest they are obliged to pass a law compelling all trains to stop on Sunday; and then, when the trains are stopped, the men still refuse to rest, so they ask for another law to keep the men 'from engaging in some other kind of work, or in games and amusements, on that day. How these railroad Ł men must be clamoring 'for Sunday, when they will not keep it unless they are absolutely obliged to Again, there is a principle involved in this question which seems to be overlooked, namely, the principle of governmental interference with private contracts. If, on the ground of protection to the public health, it is proper to interfere with a private contract by which a man voluntarily ' agrees to work on Sunday, then, on the same ground, and with the same propriety, all night work should be strictly forbidden. From a phys-ical standpoint, a law prohibiting night labor would be ten times more valuable than any kind of a Sunday law. No one thing has so much to do with breaking down young men as night labor and night debauchery. Why not compel people to go to bed at nine o'clock?' t How plausible, and yet how dangerous! That man whose time is not his own, every moment of it, except when needed in the service of his coun-try, is a slave. No one has the right to interfere with any man's time, against his consent, so long as he does not interfere by force with the rights of others. No railroad company forces anyone to work on Sunday. This is an article in their contract to which the laborer voluntarily consents. On the principle that the Government has a right to compel a man to rest, it may also control by law all the voluntary functions of nature. It may command him when to sleep, when and how much to eat, and how much exercise to take. It may regulate and appropriate his property with absolute - authority. A man's time is his property, and if you may tell him how he is to spend his time, you may tell him how he is to spend his other property. The Christian States-man quotes from Mr. Kennan as follows:Š `°The theory upon which the Government of Russia proceeds is that the citizen . . . is incompetent to manage even the affairs of his own household; and that, from the time when he leaves his cradle and begins the struggle of life, down to the time when his weary gray head is finally laid under the sod, he must be guided, directed,Instructed, restrained, repressed, regulated, fenced in, fenced out, braced up, kept down, and made to do generally; what somebody else thinks  is best for him." "Weary of Ishmaelitism in theology and upon questions of public morals," the Russian Government enforces upon all the "laws of Christian morality" as defined on its statute books. In harmony with the public-health argument for Sunday laws, they "prove that po-litical interests are to be placed before the rights of religion," and offer "political necessities and expediences" as a sufficient excuse for the adop-tion and enforcement of a national standard of re-ligion. It is astonishing to hear National Reformers condemn the Government of Russia for carrying out the same principles which they are seeking to establish in our own Government. They seem willing to resort to any artifice whereby their own popularity and influence may be increased. Let us watch the viper while we gather the roses. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The Sunday Law in Massachusetts. A RECENT decision of the Supreme Court in Massachusetts has again revived the Sunday ques-tion in that State. The decision was rendered in a case of the State against a tobacconist for keep-ing his place of business open on Sunday. Prior to A. D. 1887, Massachusetts had quite a strict Sunday law, but that year it was very much modified, and while as it now stands it absolutely forbids the keeping open of some places of busi-ness it allows others to remain open. For instance, one clause permits the sale of drugs and medicines and articles ordered by the prescription of phy-sicians, also mechanical appliances used by phy-sicians or surgeons. Taking advantage of this provision, the druggists resumed their Sunday sale of cigars and sundry other articles. A druggist was arrested and tried for violating the law be-cause he sold tobacco, but the court and jury de-cided that tobacco was a drug and could be sold on Sunday. " The retail cigar dealers being, un-fortunately, mostly Hebrews, therefore unable," as the Boston Post puts it, " to understand the nice-ties of the Yankee conscience, could not see why it was they could not sell cigars as well as the druggist," and one of them determined to test the question, and so sold cigars and tobacco on Sunday. He was promptly arrested, tried, and fined. He took an appeal, but the Supreme Court sustained the decision of the lower courts in his case. While we do not approve the use of tobacco in any form, it is difficult to see why cigars are any worse sold by a Hebrew than by a Christian, so called. Put this is only another illustration of the inher-ent injustice of Sunday laws. It is to be hoped that this will enable the law makers in Massachu-setts to see that it is impossible to regulate Sunday-keeping by law. The Sunday Newspapers Again. IN a recent speech at Ocean Grove, New Jer-sey, on the "Sabbath Question," Col. Elliott F. Shepard charged that the Christian people are responsible for the Sunday papers. In proof of his assertion, he stated that the proprietor and editor of a leading daily in New York City, whom he reproaches for issuing a Sunday paper, justifies himself by saying he did not care to set himself "up as more holy than his best Christian neighbors." This editor was himself a church-going man, but finding that church-members wanted the paper on Sunday, and that by sup-plying it he could increase his profits about $20,- 000 a year, he yielded to the demand ; so there was another great daily added to those which were printing a Sunday edition. From this showing, it may be necessary to have a law pro-hibiting the publication of Sunday papers; but we cannot fail to see the parallel between this and the demand made in the fourth century for laws to prevent the Christian people from attend-ing theaters and shows instead of going to church on Sunday. But we presume if people will not do their duty of their own accord, they will have to be coerced, at least this seems to be the view of the matter taken by National Reformers. A Labor Paper on Sunday Laws. WE would commend the following excellent editorial article from the El Dorado Independent and Workingman's Friend, of May 18, 1889, to those of our readers, if there be any such, who think, as is claimed by Dr. Crafts and others, that Sunday laws are demanded by the workingmen. The Independent says:Š "The Sunday-law question has become a prom-inent matter of discussion, made so by the at-tempt on the part of those claiming to be Chris-tians to violate the spirit and meaning of the Federal Constitution, which, if it means anything, expressly forbids legislation involving a union of Church and State. No matter what the pre-tense, the fact is patent to every candid mind that the first and main object of legislation upon the matter is to enforce religious observances. We believe in calling a spade a spade, at the same time we design no prejudice to the Chris-tian religion. It is the attempt to enforce relig-ion by law that we have to do with. The propo-sition to enforce a Sunday law is nothing less than the manifestation of a deliberate contempt for one of the most sacred constitutional rights of the American people. It is a violation of the principles of American institutions. It is bigotry and intolerance. It is a relic of barbarism. "We regard the constitutional question in-volved in the Sunday-law proposition a test of honesty, and one that stamps as hypocritical all pretensions to Christianity. No one can be hon-est, and no one can be a Christian, who wantonly disregards the sacred principles of civil and relig-ious liberty, and would bind the consciences of men with legal enactments. A religion that re-quires to be enforced by law is in direct con-flict with the entire teachings of Jesus Christ. " But aside from all religious considerations, no constitutional authority exists upon which a law can be made, saying what an individual shall or shall not do on any certain day of the week that does not apply to all days. All laws governing human action are of a general nature, not confined to any one day, but to all days alike. Any law designed to make one day better than another can have no other authority than that derived from ecclesiastical dogma. Again, no one will deny that it is the inviolate right of every individual to rest on any day he chooses. To enforce the observance of any certain one day of the week as a day of rest would annihilate that right. There is no escaping these conclusions. There is no necessity for adding words. The points we have made in this article are common to every thinking mind. The question is with each individual mind to answer for itself, Shall we maintain the principles of civil and religious liberty? or shall we bow the knee to ecclesiastical tyranny ?" 