/94 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. and at 11 o'clock he was taking breakfast. He should have risen early, Brother Gault thinks, and studied the Sunday-school lesson for one hour before breakfast, and then after breakfast sallied forth to Sabbath-school and addressed the school. Then after dinner he should have visited and addressed the Y. M. C. A., and in the evening gone to some church. Instead of this he spent several hours of the afternoon dictating official correspondence; and doubtless a good many besides Brother Gault and myself will not vote for Grover Cleveland." This is a perfect illustration of the spying meddlesomeness that will be obtruded upon the people, and of the forms that will be ex-acted of them, when the National Reformers obtain the power which they are now so zeal-ously seeking. How did Mr. Gault find out that the President was in bed when the church bells were ringing, and that he was at break-fast at 11 o'clock? How does he know that the President "spent several hours in the afternoon dictating official correspondence"? And even though it were all true, what busi-ness is it of Mr. Gault's, or of the National Reform Association, or of all the religionists of Christendom together? Macaulay truly says: "Nothing is more galling to a people not broken in from the birth than a paternal, or, in other words, a meddling Government, a Government which tells them what to read, and say, and eat, and drink, and wear." But this galling thing is just what the National Reformers aim to establish in this land. Tampering with the Constitution. THE editor of the New England Evangelist, after noticing the recent celebration of the centennial anniversary of the completion of the Federal Constitution, proceeds with the following words, which we heartily indorse:Š Speaking of the Constitution brings to mind the insane idea that there was a fatal mistake in its construction, in that there is contained in it no recognition of the Almighty, nor of the Christian religion; and that it is the con-sequent duty of all Christians, and of the church as such, to endeavor to amend that charter of our civil Government by securing therein a proper recognition of both. To this end there exists a national organization of persons whose conceptions of the things of Csar and of God are so imperfect or confused that they imagine that the former must ac-knowledge the latter in his secular afairs, else the divine kingdom may perhaps perish from the earth! Now, for our part, we believe that it was God's will that his name be left out of that Magda Ch,arta of the land of liberty, and that he was on hand to see that it was left out. We appreciate the mistaken zeal with which some are laboring to correct God's mis-takes; but we would say to any such that their efforts would better avail something for the good of mankind in this case, if they would devote themselves to getting the name of God written in the hearts of men, rather than upon the pages of the civil Constitution. The Lord has never told us to seek by such means to promote the glory of his name and kingdom, Of the same nature-as the before-mentioned effort to amend the national, Constitution in the supposed interest of the Christian religiOn, is the endeavor to secure primary or addi-tional legislation to enforce the observance of the Lord's day, or so-called Christian Sab-bath, as a religious institution. Probably many who are active in this endeavor do not advocate it with the purpose of forcing a re-ligious institution upon any, but to make the observance purely a civil one so far as the law is concerned. Nevertheless, it is essentially a church movement, and its supposed benefits are not expected to be social or political, but spiritual. With the establishing of a civil day for rest we have nothing to do, except as citizens of a free country; and it may be con-sidered as a matter of social and political ex-pediency, as in a hundred other things. But as to the church, and the establishing of a day of religious observance, we would dispose of the whole question by saying that if God has ordained any day to be kept, it must be that there is abundant inherent power in the re-ligion itself to maintain it, for God does not call upon the civil authorities to uphold the ordinances of his church. The growth of Christianity would have been small indeed in the early centuries of its era if it had depended upon the enactment of a Lord's day or Sabbath observance by Nero and the Roman Senate. We have no hesita-tion whatever in maintaining that Christian people have no more warrant for endeavoring to secure and enforce the legal observance of a day of Christian worship as such, or as a matter of church interest, than they have to secure and enforce a similar enactment that. people shall be baptized and observe the Lord's Supper. It would be well if those who are zealous in getting the civil power to back up the traditions of men, would look to the end whence they are tending. Rome's Work. OWING to the continued pressure upon him from Rome, Dr. McGlynn has begun to grow resentful, and is telling some things that he knows about Romish affairs. In an inter-view, June 28, he said :Š " The people may know, what I can tell them -on the highest authority : The Roman machine is to-day most anxious to have a minister of the Pope accredited to, and re-ceived by, the Government at Washington. Such minister would be an archbishop and one of the Italian ring, in whose hands it is the Roman policy to keep the power. His presence there could not fail to be a fruitful source of corruption and enslavement for the Catholic Church in this country. The Pope,  is also trying to have diplomatic relations with Queen Victoria, in order, as he is alleged, `to be able to get accurate information about Irish affairs.'" We have not the least doubt that this is the exact truth. Nor have we the least doubt that the Pope, under cover of the Irish ques-tion, will yet succeed in establishing diplo- matic relations with England. Nor have we much doubt that the Papacy will yet have an accredited minister at the capital at Wash-ington. When the Papacy shall have been  recognized as a sovereign power by all the powers of Europe, and thus becomes a per-sonal factor in all the affairs of European States, exceedingly plausible reasons can be produced to show that this Government ought to receive an accredited ambassador from one of the chief sovereign powers of the world. It,might well be counted the height of pre-sumption for the Government of the United States to refuse recognition to a sovereign power that was recognized as such by all the world besides. These arguments would be exceedingly "convincing " to politicians, when backed by the solid Catholic vote of the na-tion. Ł False Reform. IN the November SENTINEL we noticed Na-tional Reform District Secretary W. J. Cole-man's answer to the following question asked at the Lakeside National Reform Conven-tion:Š " Does your movement not appeal more exclusively to the educated classes than to all classes in general?" Doctor McAllister's answer to this question is this :Š "I say that a question like this must begin with the educated classes. When you get a few educated men, they will reach others." What a pity it is that the Saviour did not work according to National Reform methods! What a grand success he would have made in his efforts to convert the Jewish nation if he only had secured first of all the indorse-ment of the high-priest, the rabbis, the doc-tors of the law, the scribes, and the principal Pharisees! When he had gained these, through them and their influence he could have gained others, even the great body of the na-tion, and then if there had been any remain-ing who would not receive him, they could very easily have been compelled to receive him, or else go to some wild, desolate land, and stay there till they died; and thus the whole nation would have been converted, and that would have been then a "Christian na-tion," don't you see? But, alas! alas! he who made man, and who knew what was in the hearts of all men, deliberately began with all classes in general, and tried to reach the common people, even ignorant fishermen, first!  What could ever have been the reason of the Saviour's acting so ? What could ever have induced him to act so openly contrary to the very first principle of all reformŠNational Reform we mean? Well, the secret of the whole matter is, that of all the questions that the Saviour had to bring to the notice of men, not one was "a question like this ;" consequently it was not necessary for him to "begin with the edu-.  cated classes" through whom he would reach others. The Lord Ł Jesus would have every man to believe on him and to confess him, from honest conviction, and not from the influ-ence of the proud, or the powerful. And the fact that there is such a radical difference be-tween the method of Christ and the methods of National Reform demonstrates completely, and at a glance, the proposition that the Na- 