THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 371 between hiS own, soul and his God, and the State has no right to exert its influence to turn him either this way or that. To put it in the most concise form, President Westbrook and those who hold with hiM, object to the Bible in the school because ,they do not believe it; this being the case did they believe the. Bible they would stand shoulder to shoulder with those who demand that it shall be read in our. public .schools. But byassuming this position they virtually demand that the State shall decide,  that. the Bible is not the word of God; but the State has no more right to make such ma decision than it,has, to decide the contrary. To say that the State shall decide that the Bible is not the word of God, that it is, on the contrary, an immoral book unfit to be ,read in pnblic, is to assent that it might properly decide that it is a moral book and. decree :that it shall be read in the. schools.; The only tenable and 'consistent pqsition is to demand that the State shall Jet- the ,question severely alone. C. P. B. Sunday Laws of Europe. AN earnest effort will unquestionably be made this winter to secure a re-enactment of. the Sunday law by our Legislature. Rev. N. R. Johnston of,  this city is one of those most actively engaged in this project of reviving the old penal Sunday legislation, which some years ago was abolished. Mr. Jbhnson sends to an even-ing paper a summary of recent legisla-tion in some European countries on this subject, and seems, to think that we in Cal-ifornia should follow suit., From this summary it appears that in Austria, in order that the printers may have a rest day, it has been decreed that no newspa-pers shall publish a Monday morning issue, and in Germany the Socialists have intro-duced a bill before the Reichstag " forbid-ding all industrial occupations on Sundays and holidays." Despotic governments, in which there is ari established religion, 'may with some consistency enact such arbitrary laws, but in this free country, where the Cpnstitu-tion provides against the establishment of any religion, they are absolutely out of place. Does Mr. Johnston imagine that our people would enact a law like that in Austria forbidding the issue of a Monday morning paper because work on it has been done on Sunday ? Or does he suppose it would be possible here to secure and en-force a law like that which the German Socialist's' ask for, forbidding all industrial occupations on Sundays and holidays ? Mr. Johnston is an intelligent man and he' is well aware that our Constitution, as it stands, does not favor but opposes such legislation as this which, though nominally in the interests of the laboring man, is really in the interests of a religious creed ; and it is for that reason, undoubtedly, that  he has joined the " National Reform So-ciety," as it is called. The avowed object of this Society is so to amend the United States Constitution as substantially to make what is called "Evangelical Christianity " the estab-lished religion. Mr. Johnson is doubtless honest and sincere in his opinions favor-able to such changes, but he will find that the people do not want and will not have them.ŠMorning Times, Oakland, Cal. Sound Advice. IT seems that out in Oregon some barbers have sent up a petition to the Legislature, asking it to compel them to close their shop on Sunday; and upon this the Free-thought, of San Francisco, pointedly com-ments as follows :Š The barbers of Oregon ought to have more sense than they display in the peti-tion for Sunday-closing laws which they are circulating. Some of them desire to close their shops on Sunday, as they have a perfect right to do, and for that reason they ask that those who do not share their wish shall be forced to coincide with them. Here is the petition to the Legislature, cir-culated for signatures in Portland, East Portland, Albina, and Astoria, and which is to be presented all over the State :Š We, the undersigned, being engaged in the busi-ness of barbering in the State of Oregon, and wish-ing to have one day of rest each week, most respect-fully petition your honorable body to enact a law making it unlawful to keep open any barber-shop or to carry on or conduct the business of barbering on Sunday. The Legislature of the State should reply to this petition somewhat as follows :Š Gentlemen of the Barbering Business:ŠYour petition asking that a law be passed making it unlawful to keep open any bar-ber-shop or to carry on or conduct the busi-ness of barbering on Sunday, has been re-ceived. In reply this honorable body would state that it will do nothing of the sort, for the following reasons : First, It does not wn the barber-shops of the State, and therefore has no control over them. Second, This honorable body has no power to declare any business unlawful on one day of the week that is lawful upon other days of the week. Third, It is beyond the scope of this honorable body to provide rest-days for barbers or for those engaged in any busi-ness or calling; but, on the other hand, this honorable body will not interfere if the barbers choose to rest not only one clay of the week but seven. We would respect-fully refer the matter to the gentlemen engaged in the business of barbering. Fourth, This honorable body would re-spectfully suggest that there may be per-sons engaged in the barbering business who would prefer to accommodate their customers by shaving them on the first  day of the week, commonly called Sunday. This is their right, and we cannot inter-fere with it. Fifth, Those of our petitioners who de-sire to rest on Sunday are cordially invited by us, and not only invited but urged to do so. It is clearly within, their right, and we will protect them in it. To this end, it would be advisable for proprietors of barber-shops to carefully lock the doors of their places of business on Saturday night, and to refrain from unlocking them on Sunday morning or at any time through-out the day. It is already provided by law that any person forcing or breaking his way into a barber-shop is liable to ar-rest and punishment for felony. Sixth (and lastly), We should regard such a law as you propose as an imperti-nence and an invasion of individual rights. &s aforesaid, we respectfully decline to pass any such law. It is our function to protect liberty, not to outrage it. Religion in the Schools. A CONFERENCE of the Protestant denom-inations of the State of New York, called to discuss the question of "moral instruction in public schools," and to devise methods for its furtherance, was held in the coun-cil room of the University of New York, on November 17 and 18, with Rev. Howard Crosby in the chair. Delegates to the number of about fifty were present from all parts of the State, representing differ-ent denominations. The Baptists, alone, refused to take part in the Conference, taking occasion, in declining the invita-tion, to express themselves as unalterably opposed to the teaching of religion in the public schools of the State. The Secretary of the Conference in reporting the attitude of the different denominations toward the purpose of the meeting attempted to break the force of this positive expression of opinion from the Baptists by saying that they had evidently misapprehended the purpose of thie Conference, but the clear and succinct statement of their reasons for failing to send delegates, contained in their reply to the call, was sufficient evidence that they understood the ultimate result to which these movements tend even better than those who planned and called the meeting. The views and purposes which the Con-ference was intended to develop may be drawn from the subjects of the addresses upon the programme, which was accurately followed. The following are the topics for discussion :- 1. " The problem before us ;" 2. " How can re-ligious teaching in public schools be secured and rendered effective ?" 3. " Statistics of moral instruc-tion and religious exercises in the public schools of the State;" 4. " What do our Constitution and laws hold as to religious teaching in public schools ?" 5. " What does expediency dictate as to any religious exercises in public schools ?" 6. " How far does expediency dictate that State-sup-ported schools should inculcate the principles of 