AMERICAN SENTINEL. 575 Where there is no power to create a law, there can be no law; there can be no violation, nor trial for any so-called "violation," of any "law" passed by such legis-lative body in usurpation of powers denied to them. Such powers as are denied to the highest legislative body, in the creation of proscribed laws, cannot be passed upon nor interpreted by the Supreme Court, and cannot by right or logic be found in the function of any lesser legislative body or court, for they cannot enact nor enforce anything in contravention to the Constitu-tion of the United States. Since the civil power, therefore, has no right to create religious laws, there can be no civil judgment of religious matters. Hence, there exists only one view of such mat-ters, viz.: their religious aspect. For instance, the Sabbath being purely a religious institution, it can be considered only as a matter of religion, and the civil power having no right to deal with religious questions, cannot create a "civil" Sab-bath, such as we frequently hear so much about; conse-quently, from the very nature of the case, there is not, and indeed cannot be such a thing. Further, the prosecution of anyone for a "violation" of a civil "law" designating any particular day as the "Sabbath," is a violation of that man's sacred and ina-lienable constitutional rights, regardless of whether he be religious or irreligious. Such an action,  is a blow at religious liberty, one of the great pillars of our free Amer-ican Republic, without which the other great pillar of political freedom would not be worth a straw, and the ultimate of such action is to knock these two props from under our beloved country, when the whole fabric of government would fall into a religious despotism or open anarchy. The man who would deny either of these rights to another ought to be prepared to sacrifice the same for himself. He who deliberately persists in such a course of action is, therefore, to all intents and purposes, a traitor and an anarchist, especially if religious motives impel him, although he may not realize it or mean to be so, even remotely. This sounds harsh, but truth cannot be modified to compromise with error, and there is no other just or logical conclusion in the matter. Truth is the property of no man, but belongs to God, for it is written, "Thy Word is truth," and "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God;" and those who, in the blindness of their error, array themselves against the light of palpable truth, are denying the Word of God. For such the only remedy lies in the convicting power of the Holy Spirit. CHAS. L. MANNING. 0, Ł 4 4 THE absorption of the old Nestorian Church into the Greek Church of Russia, is expected to follow from mis-sionary work now being done upon lines peculiar to the Russian CIŁurch. The Nestorians will receive the protec-ti( al of tile Russian government against the Khurds and the Shah of Persia. The Unfolding of Two Principles.Šl. OUTWARD AND INWARD SUBMISSION. THERE is no youth past the age of twelve who has not had an experience by which he may be enabled to comprehend the difference between the two principles that underlie two kinds of government. The govern-ment that is simply outward, that compels an action that is dissented from in the heart, is one with which we have all had more or less to do,Šone in which we our-selves have acted a part of governor or officer as well as subject. For illustration, a child is found playing at some in-nocent game, and an irritable father, who fails to con-sider his own rights or the rights of his child, uses his power to compel the child to cease his play. Burning with rebellion within, the child yields an outward sub-mission, but the seeds of tyranny sown in his rebellion bear fruit in his action toward others; for he in turn compels his younger brothers, or weaker playmates, to submit to his wishes. This kind of control or government is simply the con-trol or government of selfishness, backed by power to compel an outward submission. But there is a more powerful government, and the principle upon which it is based is the principle of love. This is illustrated by the dealings of a loving father with his beloved son. Such a father does not ask his child to cease from that which is innocent, and is invading no right of others. Full of gentle tenderness, full of desire for his son's happiness and highest success, he asks him (for instance) to give up the cigarette habit, reasoning with him of its hurtful-ness, persuading him by his own example, until won in heart, he yields obedience to his father whose govern-ment is based on love. DESIGNED FOR ALL CREATURES. This is the manner of government designed of God for all creatures. In it is a liberty to do good wide as creation, kind as sunshine. The principle of love is the basis of true government, and indeed is proved to be the only substantial basis for government. It is by the prin-ciple of love that all things consist or hold together. Once let this principle die, and speedy disintegration fol-lows. Where love is lacking the family separates, the government declines: for love is the basis of trust, and without trust no commercial or political relation can be 