10 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the good of the town, but playing golf, it seems to me, is sport.' "The reporter asked Grand Juror Dauchy for his de-finitions of the two words at issue. Here they are: `Sport?' Why, you go out and knock balls aroundŠI'm illustrating; that's `sport.' Recreation?' Oh, you lay out in a hammock and smoke your pipe; that's 'recrea-tion.'" As this case illustrates, the Sunday laws are not cal-culated either to enforce justice or uphold the dignity of aw itself. Government Recognition of Papal Claims. THE Indian Appropriation Bill which is now before Congress contains a paragraph which reads:Š "The Secretary of the Interior is authorized and di-rected to sell the lands and properties known as the In-dian School, at Clontarf, Minn., purchased by the Gov-ernment from Archbishop Ireland, the proceeds of such sale to be used for the improvement of Indian schools at the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior." As Archbishop Ireland holds possession of this prop-erty only by virtue of such title as is derived from the pope through his episcopal office, which is no legal title at all, the proposition to purchase this property from "Archbishop Ireland" implies a recognition by the Gov-ernment of papal claims, which are false in fact and con-trary in nature to the principles of free government. In view of this the following remonstrance against it is being circulated for presentation before Congress:Š "A. PETITION AND REMONSTRANCE. "To the Senate of the United States: "We, the subscribers, on behalf of ourselves and all other citizens of the United States who recognize and maintain 'the independent, inalienable, and indefeasible sovereignty of the United States, and who deny the right of any foreign prince, pope, or other potentate whatso-ever to exercise sovereign powers in this country, repre-sent that we have carefully examined the Indian appro-priation bill (H. R. 11,217, 55th Congress, 3rd session; and that we find in the paragraph commencing with line 8 and ending with line 13, on page 50 of said bill, the words 'purchased by the Government from Archbishop Ireland;' which words refer to certain real estate at Clontarf, Minn.  "Your petitioners submit that these words necessarily imply and actually conceal an admission of the 'Riga of Investiture,' which forms an element of the political and religious supremacy claimed by the Roman pontiff since the year 1045; and that, should the Senate concur with the House in the concession of a principle so fatal to human freedom, the foundation of our Republic would be undermined. We submit that the Rev. John Ireland is not in anywise the legal trustee of the real estate of the Catholic Church in Minnesota; that he is not a cor-poration sole under the name and style of 'Archbishop Ireland;' that he assumes the ownership of the fee in such real estate, not by reason of any grant from the local membership of his church, but by reason of his episcopal office, conferred by a foreigner, to wit, the Roman pontiff.  We submit that to allow such a claim by a legal enact-ment would be a repudiation of the principles of the Dec-laration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, and a full recognition of the doctrine of the 'divine right' of the Roman pontiff to superintend the secular affairs of the United States. We submit that this is a dangerous doctrine; that when the minds of men are once erroneously persuaded to admit +he spirit-ual and political supremacy of one man, their opinions are thorns in their sides, never suffering them to take rest until they have brought their speculations into practice; leading them every day forth by the hand into other more dangerous opinions, sometimes entirely con-trary to their first pretended meanings. So that, what will grow out of such errors as go masked under the cloak of divine authority, it is impossible to foresee, till time has brought forth the natural fruits of such unfor-tunate opinions. For which cause it behooves every na-tion to entertain toward such opinions, and toward every practice derived from them, an attitude of fear and jealousy, beyond all apparent causes of fear. We submit that if archbishops are to be recognized as the owners of real estate by virtue of their episcopal office, our Govern-ment would become the patron of a particular sect of Christians, and the archbishops of that sect would be-come the officers of the United States, endowed with estates in land and with titles of nobility; contrary to that provision of our Constitution which declares that 'No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States.' "We, therefore, pray that the word 'archbishop' may be stricken out of said bill; and in support of this prayer we refer to the Memorial and Remonstrance written by James Madison respecting the union of church and state, making the same a part of this remonstrance, basing our opposition to the union of church and state upon the arguments therein set forth by the great histoŁ rian of the Constitution and author of the First Amend-ment." THE policy announced as that to be followed by the Government in dealing with the Filipinos, if the treaty of peace with Spain is ratified by the Senate, contains among its provisions the folio wing:Š "ThirdŠThe United States is to take the Filipinos under its care; to teach them the principles of republi-can institutions; instil into them love for liberty and free institutions." But already the Filipinos have so much love for lib-erty that there is sharp friction between them and the United States authorities, over the question of whether they shall govern themselves, or be governed by a for-eign power some thousands of miles distant across the sea. To teach the Filipinos love for liberty and free gov-ernment by denying to them the liberty of self-govern-ment which they crave, is a procedure resting on a singu-lar sort of logic, to say the least. THE tendency of human nature to religious persecu-tion was shown in the first recorded instance of human crimeŠthe murder of Abel by Cain, "because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous." 