374 T H E AMERICAN SENTINint. the United States all forms of Christianity are equal before the law, and there is no distinction between churchmen and sectaries, or dissenters. All enjoy the full right of self-government, and the protection of the laws of the land.ŠDr. Schaff, in Religious Freedom. . *  A Sound Opinion. ME Atlanta Constitution, of Nov. 22, 1889, gives an account of a divorce case in Texas in-volving the question of religious liberty. The petitioner for the divorce set forth as the ground of his petition that a band of religionists calling themselves "sanctificationists" held, among other things, that it was sinful for a female sauctifica-tionist to live with a husband, that did not believe in the doctrine of sanctification; that his wife had become a sanctificationist; and thus a "de-stroyer had crept into his home and made deso-late all that was once happy." It seems that the case was presented to a jury, and the jury granted a decree of divorce. The wife appealed the case to the Supreme Court. There the decree was promptly set aside. The court gave the following reason for its decision:Š " In view of the constitutional provision securing to all men the right to worship almighty God accord-ing to the dictates of their own conscience,' and asserting that no human authority ought in any case whatever to control or interfere with the rights of conscience in matters of religion,' we do not think that the question as to the doctrines or practices of the sanctificationists ought to have been permitted to enter to any extent into the trial. "It was defendant's right to have any religious belief, or none, as best suited her. If her conduct as a wife was such as to furnish her husband grounds for divorce, the acts themselves would be the only proper subjects to investigate, without any regard to the religious connections which led to them. If her conduct was blameless it was useless to- allege and prove that her religious connections inculcated evil views and practices." That decision is sound. The distinction made between actions and religious profession is clear and eistinet. This is the genuine American doc-trine. We wish all the courts in the country would see this question in as clear a view as did the Texas Supreme Court in this case. THE editor of the New York Journal of Com-merce, a professed Protestant, has gone over to the Catholic view of the public-school question. In a recent editorial he says:Š "If we are asked whether we favor the appropria-tion of the public money to such sectarian schools, we answer with a decided negative. But we do say that if a Romanist is taxed to support a school which is a stench in his nostrils, and the godless character of which is essential to the fairness of the system, then he is justly entitled to a proportion of the fund thus raised for the school, which, by all that he holds sacred, he is compelled to patronize. The common school outgrew its usefulness, and its right to exist at the public expense, at the moment it ceased to give the young committed to it a training in the fear of God." This is strange language. If it does not mean the appropriation of money for sectarian schools it certainly means the destruction of the common-school system, but it does mean the division of the school fund; it can mean nothing short of it. It has been explained many times why the pub-lic schools cannot teach religion, and indeed it would not be necessary for the public schools to teach religion if it were taught in the church, the home, and the Sabbath-school, as it was taught within the memory of men now in the prime of life. The trouble is not in the schools but in the  homes and in the churches. Many have the form of godliness but deny the power thereof, and having itching ears they are heaping to themselves religious teachers after their own lusts, and because their pernicious example, and the wishy-washy teachings of the modern pulpit, react on their own children, they want the State to step in and make them Christians by law. The decline of morals is not confined to our own country, nor is it confined to those govern-ments that exclude religion from the public schools. Germany supports a system of public schools; and in these religious training is made a prominent feature, and yet in that country infidelity is more prevalent than in any other country, with the possible exception of France. Rationalism abounds, and Christianity has de-generated for the most part to the merest form. Even if logic fails to convince the advocates of religious teaching in the public schools that it is not a panacea for infidelity, the strong logic of the naked facts will in time demonstrate so plainly that none can fail to see the point. A. knowledge of Christianity cannot be communicated to the student as can the science of mathematics or a kn2wledge of the languages. THE Lever is the leading third-party prohibi-tion paper in the West, and one of the two lead- ing third-party prohibition papers in the United States, It is one of the leading papers of a party which passes as the repository of the morality, purity, and gentleness that are to regenerate and save this nation. From the-editorial columns of the Lever of October 24, 1889, we have clipped they following, entitled, " How Can Ye Escape?" 'and printed it hereas it was printe d there:Š . "A prominent Member of -a :South Side Methodist Church is such an intense Republican that he abhors-the word anti-saloon.' N few days ago he refused to sign a petition for Sabbath observance, Shades of John Wesley ! Such hatred :for Prohibitionists that he is willing to defend the saloon. Shame on such church members, and what a pity that there are thousands of them. What does the-Bible say of such men? Hear Christ :Š " For they [the politicians] bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them [license laws] on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.' " Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites 1 for ye pay tithe of mint and anise, and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judg-ment, mercy, and faith: These ought ye ,to have done, and not to leave the other undone.' Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat and swal-low a camel!' " Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees [Republicans and Democrats], hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchers [high license saloons] which indeed ap-pear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's [drunkards'] bones, and of all uncleanness.' " Wherefore ye [SiouX City, Jackson, Miss., and Greenville, 0.] be ye witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the proph-ets.' " Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell ? '" We rest perfectly assured that none of the or-gans of either of the political parties mentioned by the Lever have yet descended so low as this extract shows the Lever to be. Whenever any of them do so, it will certainly be time for the rise of a third party; and it will just as certainly be necessary that it shall be a party of _better politi- cal principle's than is the third-partyProhibition party, and its organs will have to show. more re-spect for the Scriptures and for man, to be worthy the respect 'of men, Taxation of Church Property. PRESIDENT GRANT in his message (1875) thus treated this subject: "In connection with-this important question, I would also call your attention to the importance of correcting an evil that, if permitted to continue, will probably lead to great trouble in our land before the close ofthe nineteenth century. It is the acquisition of the vast amount of untaxed church property. In 1850,1 believe, the church property of the United States which paid no tax, municipal or State, amounted to $87,000,000. In 1860 the amount had doubled. In 1870 it was $354,483,587. By 1900, without a check, it is safe to say this property will reach a sum exceeding $3,000,000,-000. So vast a sum, receiving all the protection and benefits of government, without bearing its portion and expenses of the same, will not be looked upon acquiescently by those who have to pay the taxes. In a growing country, where real estate enhances so rapidly with time as in the United States, there is scarcely a limit to, the wealth that may be acquired by corporations, re-ligious or otherwise, if allowed to retain real estate without taxation. The contemplation of so vast a property as here alluded to, without taxation, may lead to sequestration without constitutional authority, and through blood. I would' suggest the taxation of all property equally." President Garfield put on record a similar voice of warning. In Congress, June 22, 1874, he said: " The divorce between Church and State ought to absolute. It ought to be so absolute that no church property anywhere, in any State, or in the nation, should be exempt from equal taxation; for if you exempt the property of any church organization, to that extent, you impose a tax upon the whole community." THE Christian at Work says :-- "The governor of Ceylon, Sir Arthur Gordon, has shocked the sensibilities of many religiousŠor shall we say sectarian ?Špeople of India by approving a measure which gives government money to Bud-dhist priests ; and it is said the matter is to be brought before Parliament. Buddhism is more an ethical system than a religion, and the overwhelming mass of the Cingalese are adherents of the doctrines of Bud-dha. The Protestants number some 30,000, and the Roman Catholics, 250,000. Under the circumstances, it would be best that each body of religionists should support its own priest or clergy. If the people of Ceylon are taxed for the support of any one religion, they should in equity be taxed for the support of all." Would it not be best under any circumstances that "each body of religionists should support its own priest or clergy " ? Would not the evils of a State establishment of religion be even greater with three established churches than with only one?.And if taxing Roman Catholics and Prot-estants for the support of Buddhism is an injus-tice, would it not be equally unjust to tax for church- purposes any who stood aloof from all of the established churches? The trouble is that State establishments of re-ligion are both corrupting and unjust. Be the minority who stand aloof from the established re-ligion or religions ever so small, their rights are just as sacred as are the rights of the majority, and if it is wrong to tax the whole people for the support of a religion held by only four-fifths of them, it is just as wrong to tax them for that pur-pose, even though the majority constitute nine hundred and ninety-nine ten-thousandths of the whole population. 