NOVEMBER 7, 1895. A.MIIEJE1.11C.A.NT 347 ities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wick-edness in high places." Eph. 6: 12. Then with what weapons shall we fight? Shall we use one which has a place in the armory of the ungodly? Shall we attempt to fight the devil with fire? Or shall we make Christ our example, and employ the weapon that he used? Every real and permanent reform must touch the heart, the fountain head of the good or evil that is seen in the life. And therefore there can be no reasonable hope of accom-plishing any such reform without the instru-mentality of that which alone can reach and change the heart,Šthe word of the living God. If the time, the effort, and the means now being expended by hundreds of thousands of Christians in the impossible scheme of con-verting this world and overcoming its confed-eracy of evil by the use of political weapons, were used to proclaim the " living and pow-erful" word. of God, the result would be im-measurably better for the world, for them-selves, and for the cause of Christ. RELIGION IN POLITICS. THE various religious organizations which are working to " elevate" politics in our land by consolidating and directing the Christian vote, are nearly always careful to explain in setting forth their purpose and plans, that they seek no union of Church and State. They seem to think, and doubtless with good reason, that without this disclaimer the nat-ural conclusion of their hearers would be that such a union was directly intended. They do not mean that any person shall vote a's a church member, but only as a Chris-tian'; hence, they say, no union of Church and State can be the result. But what constitutes a union of Church and State? As at present commonly understood, and as defined by the societies and leagues for the promotion of " Christian citizenship," it means a union of the State with some one or more church denominations, to the exclusion of others. But if this be the true definition, then there was no union of Church and State in the Dark Ages; for then Rome was the one supreme church, so far as political interests were concerned, and. it was all the same whether she instructed her adherents to use their political power and influence as Roman Catholics, or merely as Christians. The scheme of Christian citizenship which is being elaborated to-day,, will present similar conditions. The merely " Christian" vote will be directed by these representatives of the churches as a whole, just as if no divisions in the church had taken place. Thus it will be precisely similar to the state of things that prevailed in Rome's palmy days, before these divisions arose. But there was in tliK8 days a complete union of Church and State, as all Protestants will admit. Probably the reason they can see this so plainly while being unable to see that any such union is in prospect now, is that they look upon Rome's union with the State from the standpoint of opposition to the Church as a whole, which Rome then was; while now, they will themselves be the representatives of the universal " Christian" church, and hence in full harmony with it. To be sure, there were a few who stood out against Rome even in her best days, standing upon the Word of God and maintaining their allegiance to him; but this fact did not inval-idate Rome's claim that she was the universal Christian church any more than the fact that  there are now a few who, from the standpoint of God's Word, oppose popular church dogmas and institutions for which State support is sought, invalidates the assumption of the churches to-day to constitute, as a whole, the Christian church. The truth is, that every attempt to manip-ulate the " Christian vote" or any other kind of vote so as to secure political support, and through that the sanction of municipal, State or national law to religious dogmas or institu-tions, is an effort to unite Church and State. And when that purpose is apparent in the work of any religious organization, that or-ganization is really working to unite Church and State, however loudly it may disclaim the fact. WHAT ELSE COULD THEY EXPECT ? IN a sermon in this city on Oct. 27, Rev. F. M. Foster, Reformed Presbyterian, said, as reported in the Sun of the following day:Š The political situation in this city is so corrupt that there is absolutely no hope of purifying it by the bal-lot box. Of the three parties worthy of notice not one of them has sufficient fear of God to stand for the fourth commandment. This witnesses to moral stagnation and death. All the saloon-keeper has to do is to hold on a little longer and he will sweep such anti-Christian, morally nil, forces from the field. It is believed that those who control politics, who make platforms, who name candidates, have already so dis-honored the Sabbath, and the God of the Sabbath, as to make it impossible for them to lead to moral vic-tory; and the Republicans are not a whit behind the Democrats in this respect. Oct. 6, the Lord's day, was spent from before noon to late at night in a great discussion by committees from the Chamber of Commerce, the Good Govern-ment, the German-American Reform Union, and the Republican party, trying to get together on a platform and on candidates. A clearer, more unjustifiable, and reprehensible violation of divine law, as embodied in the fourth commandment, will not be seen when the saloons are thrown wide open on that day. If Tam-many Hall is a law breaker and should be cast out, such party leaders are law-breakers and deserve the same condemnation. The God of heaven affirms, " Without me ye can do nothing." If this be true, and it is, these party leaders, having cast off the law of God, cannot expect his blessing to attend their efforts. They can't lead the people to victory. They have shown that their fear of God compares favorably with Fourteenth Street [Tammany Hall]. It is no worse, but it is questionable if it is any better. The God-fearing Christian should refuse to be marshalled under their banner, as they can hope for nothing but defeat. The platforms adopted by the Fusion, the Good Government, and Tammany Hall parties each pledges more liberal excise laws; and furthermore, that those elected shall use their efforts to have the fourth com-mandment submitted to the desire and will of this metropolisŠcast into the den of lions. With such platform it is believed that a Christian cannot stand for election to office; nor can he vote for those who, with " no fear of God before their eyes," are candi-dates. If he votes, he pledges the man for whom he votes to give a more liberal excise lawŠto open saloons on the Lord's day. If it was ever doubtful as to what the Christian's duty is, this is not that time. As Christ warns judges and rulers to fear and.serve him, and as our Constitution and Government reject him, all parties calling for the casting off of his law, loyalty to Christ requires of the God-fearing citizen that he refuse to participate in the godless affairs of the godless government until it repent and return to God. We maintain that loyalty to Christ requires no less than this. If the government will not own that it is under the law of God, and parties put up that law as the price of votes, it is time for the Christian to step aside lest the vengeance of an offended judge engulf him also. If they will not have our God and his law, they cannot have us, for we stand with Christ. No, the Christian cannot vote under present conditions. What better has Mr. Foster a right to ex-pect? He and all the Sunday preachers have demanded that the government take cogni-zance of religious questions; and now that such a question has been made the football of contending parties, what right has he or any like him to complain? None whatever. SOUND POLITICAL PRINCIPLES. Ix contrast with the platforms of the vari- ous political parties in this State, all of which favor religious legislation, it is worth while to note the following declaration of sound prin-ciples made by the committee on address of the Utah Democratic Convention, which as-sembled at Salt Lake City, Oct. 22, for the purpose of deciding on some plan of action in the matter of the interference of the Mormon Church in the political affairs of the Terri-tory:Š We declare the truth to be, that man may worship his Maker as his conscience dictates; that no State or political party has the right to interfere with this great privilege; that man's first allegiance politically is to his country ; that no church, ecclesiastical body, or spiritual adviser should encroach upon the political rights of the individual; that in a free country no man or body of men can with safety to the State use the name or the power of any religious sect or society to influence or control the elective franchise; that no citizen, by reason of his association with any church, can be absolved from his duty to the State, either in times of war or times of peace, without the consent of the State; that a trust is imposed upon such citizen in a free country to act politically upon his own judg-ment and absolutely free from control or dictation, ecclesiastical or otherwise. Ł . . We therefore, in solemn manner say that we will not be dictated to, interfered with, or hindered in our political duties by those selected to minister to us the consolations of the gospel. From this it appears that in a situation where the people of a State or Territory feel called upon to oppose Church interference in political affairs, it is easy for them to see that such interference is altogether wrong, and that every citizen is bound " to act politically upon his own judgment and absolutely free from control or dictation, ecclesiastical or otherwise." But it seems to be quite a differ-ent matter where the church that is meddling in politics is one to which they themselves belong, or which they favor, or where the in-terference is by a combination of the churches capable of wielding vast political power, and having general respect and favor throughout the land. It is a fact that there is ten times more danger threatening this country from the in-terference of the various Protestant churches or organizations, in political affairs, than from any action that can be taken by the Mormon Church, simply because the former are ten times more numerous and powerful than the latter, and are but little, if any, behind it in their determination to control politics, within the sphere of their influence, in the interests of church dogmas and institutions. Ł-O-Ł  SAVING THE NATION. ONE of the aims of the Christian Citizen-ship League is " to reveal Christ as the Sav-iour of the nation as well as of the individual." The terms of that salvation which Christ brought to mankind, stamp such an idea as utterly preposterous. He himself stated them, and said: "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature; he that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved; but he that believeth not, shall be damned." Mark 16:15, 16. This shows that the securing of salvation through Christ is wholly an individual mat-ter. No one ever heard of an act of faith that was not individual, or of baptism being administered to anything but individuals. It shows also that any movement which aims at securing national sal vation through Christ, proceeds either in total ignorance or total disregard of the teaching of the Word of God. The- idea is contrary to both nvelation and 