612 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898. THE glorification of war tends to make the people of the country love war; and the more people there are who love war, the less prospect is there in that country for the contin-uance of peace. OUT of the turmoil of affairs in France, there has developed a well-defined struggle for supremacy be-tween the civil and the military au-thorities. Shall the civil power in the nation be overthrown, or shall it continue? No graver question could confront the people. There is a Vesuvius rumbling under the French republic. THE seventeenth day of this month was the beginning of the Jewish New Year. Quite a difference this from our calendar; but the week is pre-cisely the same with the Jews as with other people. Yet there are some people seemingly intelligent on other matters who think that because the calendar was changed by Julius Caesar and Pope Gregory, there must have been a change of the week which made people lose track of the seventh-day Sabbath. A PRIZE-FIGHT Which was advertised to take place near Buffalo, recently was stopped by the opposition of clergymen, who are everywhere agreed that prize-fighting is a thing that ought not to be tolerated in this country. But why glorify fighting with guns, as even clergymen do, and denounce fighting with fists? Both are examples of carnal warfare, and clergymen ought to be opposed to carnal warfare in every form. A SPECIAL force of seven hundred election deputies, disconnected wholly from the established forces of the city government, vested with almost au-tocratic powers and armed with clubs and self acting revolvers, are,  to be in charge at the polls on election day in this city, November 8. The regu- lar police force of the city being ade-quate to prevent all disturbancesŠif it is not it should be made soŠit is evident that this high-handed pro-ceeding is a political measure devised by the party in power to intimidate people of the opposing parties. if there is not trouble and bloodshed at the polls on that day, it will be no fault of the arrangements that have been made. And this is politics, in the latest and most advanced stage of its development. A RECENT balloon ascent made near London, Eng., demonstrated that an altitude of 25,000 feet above sea level marks the limit of atmospheric con-ditions which allow of breathing by a human being. The zeronauts reached a height of 27,500 feet, sustaining themselves at this altitude by breath-ing from reservoirs of compressed oxygen. Instruments for obtaining accurate measurements and records of scientific interest were employed, and very valuable results were ob-tained. At the highest altitude, which was still 1,500 feet below the summit of Mount Everest,. in the Himalayas, the temperature was 29° below zero. The setting sun was in-tensely bright, and the sky intensely blue. The temperature at the sur-face of the earth was 90° above zero in the shade. THE London Observer published in a recent issue a confession made by Count Esterhazy, the notorious French army officer, to a correspond- ent of that paper, in which the officer admits being the author of the "bor-dereau" upon the testimony of which Dreyfus was convicted of treason. He is quoted as justifying his course by saying:Š ' "I knew I was committing a forgery, but I also knew that all intelligence departments in all countries in the world were run on precisely the same lines as our own, and that it was im-possible to achieve practical results in any other way. "In the Von Tausch case which made so great a sensation a while ago in Germany, Von Tausch con-fessed, as Henry did, to having com-mitted forgeries, but added that his  crime was nothing compared to the infamies which the Berlin general staff had forced him to commit in-connec-tion with other matters, and there-fore the court attempted to silence him. He ultimately received the min-imum punishment and has since been released, long before his time was up. "It is nearly always necessary to to manufacture material evidence against spies, because otherwise they would never be punished. They never or very rarely leave written evidence of their nefarious work." Such statements as these which are no doubt entirely truthful, help one to form'some conception of the dan-ger to free government which milita- rism, with its despotic regulations and maxims justifying them, em-bodies. SEE what is said of our "Combina-tion" Premium Bible by those who are using it:Š "I give your 'Combination' Bible my commendation and endorsement without one qualifying word. The work is a genuine surprise to me."ŠBishop Scarborough, Trenton, N. J. "I desire to express to you my hearty appreciation of this magnifi-cent work. Fond as I am of the Scriptures, they never seemed so at-tractive to me as in the volume which you have produced."ŠRev. George C. Lorimer, Boston, Mass. "I have examined your Bible from cover to cover and can heartily en-dorse all of the good things others have said about it."ŠRev. Chas. A. Shatto, Jamaica Plains, Mass. " What an inestimable help such a Bible would have been to me in my early ministry. I wish it a wide cir-culation.ŠBishop Foss, Philadelphia. Write for circulars. MAKING. HOME HAPPY. IT may be an old subject, but it is treated in a new and splendid way; and the only real, positive, and prac-tical receipt for Making Home Happy is given in a most attractive, inter-esting, and instructive manner in this new book by Mrs. L. D. Avery-Stuttle. See advertisement on an_ other page of this paper. 