SEPTEMBER 12, 1895. ANT   1-4,14,11CA,N SENIPINIF11-4. 285 THE " WORLD'S " TOLERANCE AND LOGIC. BY EUGENE LELAND. THE Toronto World appears to be the self-constituted champion of the separation of Church and State in the Dominion of Canada, and one would very naturally expect to find it very logical in argument and very liberal to-ward dissenters. Its position is thus stated in its issue of August 7:Š We believe in the absolute separation of Church and State, and we intend to hew to this line, and let the chips fall where they may. Good! But should some of the " chips" hit the World, will it defend itself against them, or will it still maintain the offensive? Let us see. In the same paper, speaking on the Sunday question, it says:Š When Methodist and Presbyterian clergymen com-bine to incorporate a religious enactment in the stat-ute respecting Sunday observance, we oppose them, and will oppose them till the objectionable features are removed. From this and other statements which might be referred to, one might expect to find in the World an everlasting enemy to the enforcement of Sunday laws upon dissenters; but not so. In that paper of August 5, appeared the fol-lowing:Š But whether mon are inclined to worship on a sacred day or not, the law steps in and forbids them from working one day in the week. This is a good law. Further on in the same paper it says:Š , The civil law is therefore right in selecting Sunday as the day of rest, and with a few exceptions, in mak-ing it apply to all alike. Surely this valiant champion of separation of Church and State should be able to hold to a position at least two days together; but pos-sibly the World makes a distinction between the sacred Sabbath of the Christians and the civil rest-day of the government. If that is the case, will the World please to explain why it considers it to be fitting that the govern--fnent should have decided on Sunday " as the day of rest," simply because "a large majority of Christians regard that day as the sabbath" ? If that is not a union of Church and State, will the World please to tell just what would be? Will the World kindly tell us further?  why the government should decide to enforce a weekly day of rest at all, aside from the re-ligious reason? If the World regards Sunday merely as a civil day, why should its observance be made compul-sory? Are people required to close their places of business on a civic holiday, the Queen's birthday, or in the States on the Fourth of July? No, sir, my friend. People are not fined from one dollar to four hundred dollars for engaging in civil labor on other civil hol-idays as they are for doing the same thing on your "civil" Sunday. It is the religious character of the day that determines how the civil law shall operate; and it is a union of Church and State. To show how logically consistent the World is on another point, I quote again from the editorial of August 7:Š So, too, when the clergymen of Ontario go to the government and ask to have their taxes remitted because they are Christians, we oppose them, and we will keep on opposing them. Compare this statement with the one quoted above:Š As a large majority of Christians regard Sunday as the Sabbath, it is fitting that the government should have decided on that day as the day of cessation from work, the rest-day. Why is it not just as " fitting " for the  government to grant exemption from taxation, because the church demands it, as it is to de-cide that Sunday shall be a day of rest because the church demands it? Has not the church as much right to demand the people's money without rendering an equivalent, as it has to demand their time without equivalent? If not, why not? June 28, the World published an editorial on the Sunday question, using some very ex-pressive language concerning those who advo- cate Sunday laws, and at the same time de-fending a man who had been arrested for working on Sunday. But on August 5, the World says of this same man :Š We cannot jeopardize a most wholesome law by permitting the Jews and Seventh-day Adventists to keep their stores open and do business on Sunday. Passing by the intolerance of this statement let us notice the argument. It is the very same that is used by " Methodist and Presby-terian clergymen " against Sunday cars. Here is the argument:Š We cannot jeopardize a most wholesome law by permitting the World to have Sunday ears. Will the World gracefully swallow its own medicine, or will it continue to accuse the " large majority of Christians " of bigotry and intolerance while using the same arguments itself ? Possibly the World claims a monopoly in bigotry and intolerance! It would not do, you know, to jeopardize a most wholesome law by permitting Jews and Seventh-day Ad-ventists to commit the awful crime of engag-ing in quiet, civil employment on a civil day! No, no! . It wouldŠseeŠwhat would it do ? Oh, it would injure their health! That's it! Wonderfully interested in the health of these people, are our valiant civil sabbath re-formers! And in the health of their families! Yes, their families! So much so that if any of them should happen to be detected in doing civil work on a civil Sunday, why, work them in the chain-gang as they did recently in Tennessee. Shut them up in jail as they have one of them shut up in Chatham at the present time, until they and their families have learned that it is injurious to work on Sunday! Yes, quite so! Let the World come out squarely and ac-knowledge that all Sunday laws are religious laws, and oppose them as such, or cease to pose as the champion of "absolute separation of Church and State." " Hew to the line, and let the chips fall where they may." EUGENE LELAND. Toronto, Ont., Sept. 4, 1895. THE POWERS POWERS THAT BE. BY G. D. BALLOU. " THE powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13: 1 So are the marriage and family relationships. But when God ordained the marriage relation he did not ordain that the husband should horsewhip his wife or lock her up in a garret. In other words, God or-dains marriage, but he does not ordain the abuses of that relationship. God ordains the civil power to act in civil matters, but when the civil powers step out of their ordained sphere, God does not ordain the abuses which follow. The husband may not whip his wife because she does not respect his religion. The man who did it would be branded a tyrant. The State may not right-fully punish the man who fails to respect the religion of the majority, unless that want of respect amounts to a disturbance such as would be a civil offense, under the same cir-cumstances, against any other society than the  church. The right of the State to enforce a Sunday law no more exists in the State au-thority than in that of the individual. The individual has no control over the time of his fellow-man. It is none of his business how his fellow employs his time so long as he does not thereby injure his fellows. The authority of the State in such matters is no greater than the authority of the individual. Because the individual authority is simply 0. Now add a thousand, yes, ten thousand, yes, seventy million 0's, and what do you have ? Simply 0. Then where is the right of the State to command a time rest ? Such command is an abuse of civil authorityŠa usurpation. Now while God ordained the civil power, he never ordained the abuse of that .power. His people have ever been justified in trampling such abuses under foot. Refer to Daniel 3. Note the case of the Hebrew worthies. They were not forbidden to worship the God of heaven. They must only fall down and wor-ship the golden image which the king had set up. The outward act only was all that the decree controlled. They might have fallen down in that crowd and prayed to the God of heaven, but to their fellow-men they would have conveyed a false impression, and they saw in it a denial of Jehovah. So they said: " We are not careful to answer thee in this matter. . . . We will not serve thy gods nor worship the golden image which thou bast set up." Dan. 3: 16-18. And when they went into the fiery furnace, one " like the Son of God" went in with them. Thus the king's abuse of civil authority was rebuked. In Daniel 6, is recorded a similar case. A law was framed to entrap Daniel if he should ask any petition of any king, lord or ruler save of Darius, for thirty days. He might have turned his face into the corner and in subdued tones offered up his petition to God, but, no; that would have been surrendering a right which sacredly belonged to him, a right to pray with his face toward Jerusalem, with his windows open, in audible tones. Had he heeded this unrighteous civil law it would have been to surrender his God-given right to . worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. He might for thirty days have prayed silently in secret. But God jus-tified him in openly trampling under foot this abuse of civil power, by sending his angel into the den of lions with Daniel. In the fourth chapter of Acts we have an-other instance. The Jewish Sanhedrim com-manded Peter and John not to speak at all nor teach in the name of the Lord Jesus. Their answer was: "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." Verse 18. In the fifth chapter they are arraigned for not heeding this abuse of authority. In verse 29, the eternal principle of God's superior authority when there is a conflict between " the powers that be " and God, is recognized,Š" We ought to obey God rather than men." And the events which followed show how God again vindicated those who recognized his authority when the civil power had overstepped its bounds and was interfering with matters which belonged to God. Now, candid reader, down here in the last days of the nineteenth century, shall we un-questioningly bow to an abuse of civil author-ity which in principle is in every way parallel with those we have cited ? Shall we give our example on the side of enforcing rest on a religious day contrary to the plain letter of God's Word and the natural rights of man ? God's Word says "the seventh day is the Sab-bath, . . . in it thou shalt not do any work." Cresar says, rest from all your work on Sun- 