.1111111011 hii iii ili Ilil'Ll~~°  1111/1;iflib If Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas Jefferson. YO.LUME 5. NEW YORK, MARCH 13, 1890. NUMBER 11. e litneriean Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINq,COXPANY, Nd. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK, EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. !TONES. WE learn from the London (Ontario) Advertiser that a bill is about to be intro-duced in the Canadian Parliament with this title : " An Act to Secure the Better Observance of the Lord's Day." By the term Lord's Day is meant Sunday. What tottering support that Sunday institution must have, when all the Governments in Europe and North America are so urgently besought to hold it up. REMARKING upon the phrase "secular," Used in. the two Sunday bills pending in Congress forbidding on Sunday all " sec-ular work, labor, or business," a Baptist minister aptly says :Š When it finds difficulty in deciding whether one hundred and fifty men are absent or present, although they can be seen and heard, as in the recent debate concerning the quorum, how is Congress to render decisions concerning the unseen things of the world to come? Theological matters might better be left to the theolo-gians who are so eminently successful in agreeing among themselves. AT the opening of the Woman's Suf. frage Convention, held in Washington, February 18, Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who has been for many years an. able and respected leader in the cause which that convention. represented, said, the part which so many women were taking in the Sunday-law movement, and the effort to "put the name of God in the Constitution," was calling into question what woman's influence might be in government. "I do hope," = said Mrs. Stanton, "that this Association will declare that the Woman's  Suffrage Association is opposed to all union of Church and State." Such a declaration as this, from such a source, should lead the women of the country to give individual thought and study to these questions, and trust the for-mation of their views and opinions upon them, to their own good sense, instructed by the Bible alone. That Representative Decision. WHAT ARE THE RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE ? JUDGE BENNETT'S answer to the question as to what are the rights of conscience is only an assertion of the doctrine of the majority conscience, in support of which he argues thus :Š The plaintiffs and their children must not forget that other people have consciences, and Are pro-tected in those rights of conscience as well as them-selves. Suppose the Board of Education in this school district, and the great body of the patrons of the school, conscientiously believe that the Bible should be read in the public school, as strongly and fully as the plaintiffs believe it should not be ? Whose conscientious scruples must yield ? Without hesitation and without qualifi-cation we say the conscience of the major-ity must give way. Otherwise there is no such thing as rights of conscience. If the majority is to rule in matters of conscience, then the constitutional provisions guard-ing the rights of conscience are "a mere parchment barrier," a tantalizing delusion. It is solely to protect the conscientious convictions of the few, or even the solitary individual, that these provisions are made a part of the Constitution. There is no danger that the majority, "the great body," of the people will infringe or interfere with their own conscientious convictions. "The Constitution did not mean to inquire how many or how few would profess or not profess this or that particular religion. If there be but a single individual in the State who professes a particular faith, he is as much within the sacred protection of the Constitution as if he agreed with the great majority of his fellow-citizens."-9 Cal. p. 514. But not altogether to set up our own view alone in answer to Judge Bennett's question, we present the following words of Hon. Stanley Matthews : " If it be said that the Protestant conscience requires that the Bible be read by and to Protestant children, and that it is a denial of a right of conscience to forbid it, waiving at pres-ent the obvious and conclusive answer that no such right of conscience can require that the State shall provide out of the COMM091 taxes for its gratification, it is enough to say that Catholics then, too, have the same right to have their, children taught religion according to their viewsŠnot out of the Douay Bible if they do not consider that sufficient, butŠby catechism and in the celebration of the mass, if they choose to insist ; that the Jews have the same right to have their religion taught 'in the com-mon schoolsŠnot from the English version of the Old Testament, butŠaccording to the practice of their synagogues; and in-fidels have the same right to have their children taught deism, or pantheism, or positivism. "They have no right to insist upon Protestant practices at the public expense, or in public buildings, or to turn public schools into seminaries for the dissemina-tion of Protestant ideas. They can claim nothing on the score of conscience which they cannot equally concede to all others. It is not a question of majorities or minor-ities; for if the conscience of the majority is to be the standard, then there is no such thing as a right of conscience at all. It is against the predominance and power of majorities that the rights of conscience are protected, and have need to be." It is most likely that the people of the United States think they have the rights of conscience guaranteed to them Š and in fact they have by their ConstitutionŠbut they seem not to realize how easy it is for a court by a few words to sweep away all constitutional guaranties. It is likely that the people of Wisconsin think their rights of conscience are secure; but if Judge Bennett's decision expresses the law in that State they have no rights of conscience 