500 AMERICAN SENTINEL. DON'T forget our special offerŠtwenty-five cents for the SENTINEL from now until January 1, next, to all who are not at present readers of it. Governmental Recognition of God : What Does It Mean ? BY A. G. DANIELLS. WE believe that God is, and that His existence and authority ought to be recognized by every intelligent being in the universe. Nevertheless, we cannot approve of the proposal to make a formal recognition of God in the constitution of any civil government. The whole idea is wrong, and the consequences must be disastrous. In proof of this we submit the following simple, unde-niable facts:Š The recognition of God is an act of faith. Heb. 11:6. A statement of that recognition is a declaration of faith. Matt. 16:15, 16. To incorporate in the constitution of a civil govern-ment a recognition of God, or a declaration of faith, is to insert a religious clause. To insert a religious clause in the constitution is to give the government a religious basis. A religious basis confers power for religious legisla-tion. Power to legislate on matters of religion implies power to execute religious laws, Power to execute religious laws means compulsion in matters of religion. To compel the conscience in religious matters is to in-vade the rights of men. To invade the rights of men is to subvert good government, whose primary object is to protect those rights. Thus it, is proved thatŠ To insert a religious clause or a declaration of re-ligious belief in the constitution of a civil government lays the foundation for the subversion of that govern-ment. It is difficult to see how any one can reasonably deny the correctness of these propositions. They are self-evident. They show that the worst possible conse-quences will follow if the proposal of the churches should carry. THE TRUE RECOGNITION OF GOD. As already stated, we believe that God is worthy of the grateful recognition of every intelligence in the uni-verse. We believe, too, that there are proper lines on which we should seek to express and secure such recogni-tion. But we do not believe that the formal recognition of God in civil and political compacts is the proper means for the expression of such recognition. That is not the kind of recognition God asks. It is  not the kind that will honor Him. Nor is it the kind that will benefit the nation. The recognition that God asks of men is personal faith in Him, and obedience to His just requirements. To recognize God truly means to recognize the sacred rights He has conferred upon men. The only true gov-ernmental recognition of God that can be made is for the government to recognize the teachings of Christ regard-ing the total separation of Church and State, and to frame such laws as will safeguard the rights and liberties of all its citizens. MR. A. F. PURDY, of Fillmore, Nebr., in sending us a club under our special offer, appends the following: "I have been a reader of the SENTINEL for several years, and it is, according to my judgment, one of the best friends this country has." 0, 1. Ł  Christian Unity. WHILE the religious world is busily devising and dis-cussing plans for securing Christian unity, there is a true Christian unity in the world to which all are led who re-ceive and love the truth of God. The Apostle Paul has written that in Jesus ChristŠwho is the embodiment of divine truthŠthere is neither Jew nor Greek, barbarian nor civilized, male nor female. All earthly distinctions of race, class, or condition, are broken down, and nothing is left but "a man in Christ Jesus." And this makes all believers one. This unity, we repeat, exists to-day, as it has always existed since the day when it was first exemplified in the Christian church. Let a man who holds the Christian faithŠthe glorious truth which has brought to him the salvation of GodŠmeet with others of "like precious faith," and whether it be an African, a Turk, a Russian, or one of any other race or class, there is a greeting like that between old friends, though they may never have seen each other before. They are acquainted though they have never met, and all difference of circumstances be-tween them is ignored and lost in the significance of their one common and mighty circumstance of having been created new in Christ Jesus. This mighty truth fills all the horizon of vision in the Christian life, and leaves no room for denominational di-visions. In Christ, there is neither Methodist nor Pres-byterian, Catholic nor Protestant; but the old self with all its connections and titles is gone, and only Christ is left. Let people of all sects find the truth, and they will find Christian unity. They will find the truth when they find Christ, for he is "the way, the truth, and the life." In the same prayer in which the Saviour prayed for the unity of his followers, he said, "Sanctify them through thy truth; Thy Word is truth." By the study of the Word, and faith in it, is Christian unity to be realized. 