208 AMERICAN SENTINEL, NEW YORK, MARCH 30, 1899. WE are sometimes accused of tear-ing down without doing anything to build up. The SENTINEL, however, calls for the preservation of what is already built up,Šthe Constitution and the principles of freedom estab-lished by the founders of the nationŠwhich many are now trying to tear down. We are not tearing down; we are trying to stop the tearing down. THE papers announce the breaking off of an engagement to marry be-tween a "charming young woman" .of wealth living in Missouri and a Hungarian count, because the latter had agents in this country looking up the financial prospects of his fiancé. We hope this example will be followed by American ladies general-ly, notwithstanding it is a violation of all precedent in such matters. WE must have purity in politics to sweep away the corruption that ex-ists in the community, it is said; so the community is called on to go to the primaries and polls and purify politics. But which must we have firstŠpure politics? or a pure com-munity? If we have the pure com-munity we do not need to have it purified by politics; and if we have a corrupt community, how is such a community going to purify politics? From the corrupt community comes corruption in politics; and from the corrupt hearts of men comes the corruption that taints the com-munity. The heart is the fountain head of the whole stream; and from God, through repentance and faith, must come the -purity that is to cleanse the heart. OUTRAGES against Protestant mis-sionaries in Ecuador are being re-ported from that country, and the United States Government is asked  to protect them, they having been sent out by churches in the United States. In Christian missionary work, the foremost consideration must always be that of how the cause of Chris-tianity can be best advanced. Will it be by the protecting arm of the civil government? Of this, in the light of missionary history, there is room for serious doubt. Frequently the best interests of the missionary cause have demanded the sacrifice of the lives of the missionaries. De-pendence upon God is a vital princi-ple of Christianity, and this cannot well be taught in connection with an appeal to the civil power. God sent the missionaries; they went out to represent his government; and to his governmentŠnot to one which did not send themŠthey may properly look for protection. Why should Christian missionary work be put on a different basis now from that on which it was conducted in the days of Christ and the apostles? "THE law of the Sabbath is one thing, and Sabbath laws are an-other," says the Nashville (Tenn.) Christian Advocate. The ancient Sabbath laws, it says, were mostly "only of local and temporary appli-cation." "Nobody, for example, would now think of stoning a man to death for gathering sticks on the Sabbath day." Well, they have thought, in that very State of Tennessee, of putting men in the chain-gang for doing a little work on Sunday, and have not only thought of it, but have actually done it. And anybody who would want to see men put in the chain-gang for working on the "Sabbath" would want to see them stoned to death if that method of punishing people were now in vogue. Because it is only the spirit of hatred which is behind such work, and the spirit of hatred is the spirit of murder. If the Advocate had cited these facts, they would have lent Łemphasis to its statement that "the law of the Sabbath is one thing, and Sabbath laws are another." "THE Sabbath," says a Southern Methodist journal, "on one side, is a religious institution;" and "on the other side, the Sabbath is a civil in-stitution, created and protected by legislative enactment." Is that so? What then was the Sabbath at the time it was instituted by the Creator, before any "civil en-actments" had been thought of? What was the Sabbath "on the other side" then? or had it only one side? Is the Sabbath divine on one side and human on the other? or is it di-vine on both sides? Is it the same all the way through that it is on its face, or is it like a poor piece of cloth which has a surface of fine quality, and an inferior woof underneath? From all that God says about the Sabbath, we must conclude that there is no "shoddy" about it; that it is God's own workmanship all the way through and the same on one side as on the other. The trouble is that men have insti-tuted a different day from God's Sabbath, and this, day has to be propped up and "protected by civil enactments." God's Sabbath is the seventh day; and men have made a sabbath out of the first day and tried to join to it that which belongs to the Lord's day. But there is no connection between them. The first day is not "the other side" of the seventh day, but a separate day al-together. It is a human institution entirely, an imitation merely of God's divine institution. And God's divine institution is a free gift to all, so that no human imitation can be of any possible use whatever. A PRESS dispatch from Rome states that the pope's mind is failing and that he " occasionally lapses into childish talk"Ša condition common to all people at the extreme age the pontiff has now reached. The dis-patch adds that it is believed the pope may live in this condition for some time. His "infallibility," of course, re-mains intact. 