56 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. A GENTLEMAN who has himself done good work in opposing the so-called "National Re-form" movement, writes to know how we stand in regard to the Bible, whether or not we accept its teachings. We have assured him that we most sincerely believe the Bible, and that without any mental reservations or "lib-eral " constructions. It is because we do believe the Bible that we oppose any union of Church and State, which a religious amendment to the Constitution would bring about. We do not want to see its pure doctrines brought down on a level with police regulations, or the offices.  of the church bought and sold, or hypocritical demagogues placed over the interests of the church. Pure and undefiled religion does not find congenial soil in a State church. "THE powers that be are ordained of God," simply because they are existing powers, and God has ordained that men shall be subject to authority. Any government, even though it be very poor, and the ruler a base person, is better than no government at all. The first duty of the individual is to learn to obey. If he learns how to obey in the family and in the State, he can the more readily learn to obey God. There-fore it is that the man who resists authority resists God. But this by no means indicates that men should yield to the power when it makes laws that interfere with his duty to God; for then, instead of teaching its subjects obedi-ence to God, it is teaching disobedience. Obe-dience to God cannot be learned by obedience to the State when the State openly teaches dis-obedience to God. In such a case disobedience (to the State) becomes a virtue. The less can never exceed the greater, therefore the "Higher Power" has the first claim on a man's allegiance. IN our March number we noticed the fact that certain Christians of Tennessee and Arkansas who keep the seventh-day, had been indicted for working on Sunday. We there stated that the indictments in Tennessee were quashed on technical grounds. They were afterward re-vived, however, and both there and in Arkansas these Christians were found guilty of working on Sunday and were fined. The cases were ap-pealed to the Supreme Court of each State respectively, and just as we go to press we learn that both Supreme Courts have sustained the action of the lower Courts. The particulars of the Arkansas cases have not yet been learned; but there are three in Tennessee, who are each sentenced to a fine of $20 and costs, or to an imprisonment of one day for each 25 cents. As these men will not voluntarily aid an iniquitous cause, they will be compelled to lie in jail nearly three months for not keeping Sunday. And this is " Christian " America "If they do these things in a green tree what will they do in the dry ?" If these things are done in the present order of thing what would not be done with a religious amendment to the Con-stitution of the Nation. Results of Churchly Ambition. IN his " History of the Popes," Ranke, in speaking of the fifteenth century, when, as a consequence of the policy of Gregory VII., "the Church " had become supreme, and the State was only its vassal, says:Š " But the orders also had fallen into the ex-treme of worldliness. What intrigues were set on foot among them for securing the higher ap-pointments I what eagerness was displayed at elections to be rid of a rival, or of a voter be-lieved unfavorable ! The latter were sent out of the way as preachers or as inspectors of remote parishes; against the former, they did not scruple to employ the sword, or even the dagger, and many were destroyed by poison. Meanwhile the comforts men seek from religion became mere matter of sale; the mendicant friars, employed at miserably low wages, caught eagerly at all contingent means of making profit." What caused this state of things? We claim that it was the legitimate result of the union of Church and State. It was not because peo-ple in those days were naturally any worse than people are now. Human nature is ever the same; and if the Amendmentists should succeed in their design of making "the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the in-terests of the Church," then the crimes that were committed in the name of Christianity in the time of Alexander VI., will be repeated. It cannot be otherwise when church positions are made the object of political ambition. Am-bition is no respecter of place; it will as readily work ruin in the Church as outside of it. "By that sin fell the angels." A National Reform Axiom. THE Statesman of August 25, 1881, said:Š " The remedial dispensation in the hands of Jesus Christ is adapted to social as well as to individual maladies. To be a complete Saviour, he must be the Saviour of society as well as in-dividual men, for social relations are an insep-erable part of human nature. Unless he saves the family and the commonwealth, he does not save the race." We suppose the party which the Statesman represents will never get rid of the idea that the Government is an entity, something dis-tinct from the people who compose it. If it should give lip that absurdity, it would cease to exist. But if the Government is a person. ality, independent of the people, it logically follows that society is a personality in no wise connected with the people who compose it, and that the family is also a person entirely distinct from the individual members of the family. In the above quotation, the Statesman is consist- ent with its own peculiar absurdity. Now then, allowing its claim for the personality of the family, of society, and of the State, and al-lowing that Jesus Christ is the Saviour of these hypothetical persons, as well as of beings of flesh and blood, we reach the following logi- cal absurdities: (1) The family may be saved and one or more members of it lost; (2) Any given society may be saved, yet any num- ber of men composing it may be lost; or, (3) The commonwealth may be saved, and some of the citizens lost. And this being admitted, as it must be if' the "National Reform " theory be true, we conclude)  (4) That any family, society,  or State may be saved, and at the same time a majority or even all of' the individuals compos-ing that family, society, or State, may be lost! National Reform philosophy has evolved a new axiom, namely, " The whole is distinct from any of its parts.", This is, 'of course, not a self-evident truth, but a self-evident absurdity, and is, therefore, characteristic of National Reform. Truly, the beauty of the "National Reform" theory is the multiplicity of conclusions at which it allows one logically to arrive. The Inevitable Result. THE "National Reform" people disclaim any design to persecute when they shall have se-cured their coveted Religious Amendment. "Persecution" is too harsh a word for their ears. Very well, let us come at the matter gradually. They cannot deny that if some form of religion is incorporated into the laws of the Government, those laws must enforce conformity to that form of religion. Now when some refuse to obey those laws and adopt that religion, what will the makers of the laws do? In harmony with the sentiments which we give most of them the credit of hold- ing at present, they will at first use mild meas-ures to induce the Unwilling to obey. And if these measures do not succeed, what then ? The laws must be enforced, and consequently more stringent measures must be adopted. And if some still refuse obedience, what then? Let Gibbon answer:Š " It is incumbent on the authors of persecu-tion previously to reflect whether they are de-termined to support it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to extinguish; and it soon becomes necessary to chastise the contumacy, as well as the crime, of the offender. The fine which he is unable or unwilling to discharge, exposes his person to the severities of the law; and his contempt of lighter penalties suggests the use and propriety of capital punishment."ŠDecline and Fall, chap. 37, par. 28. A CORRESPONDENT of one of our prominent journals, writing from England, says:Š " I saw recently twenty women standing at a bar, all drinking. .I have seen drunken women clinging to lamp-posts, and one lying drunk at full length in Hyde Park. The half-holiday system which prevails quite generally is proving a curse. To obtain Saturday after-noon for recreation, the working people begin labor at six o'clock, an hour earlier than Amer-icans. So great is the debauch of Saturday and Sunday that few works are started in full till Tuesday morning." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever he uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. Smarm COPY, per year, Ł Ł - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid - Ł - - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cato 712e An2eriew2 Ben1ii2el. °ARLAND, CAL., JULY, 1886. 