THE AIVI_b.RICAN SENTINEL, a the Edmunds amendment proposed in 1876, which is strongly advocated for re-intro-duction in the Fifty-first Congress. It only remains to be seen whether these forces shall be able to find enough Senators and Representatives who are willing to play into their hands to the extent of passing their demands into actual law. From these facts it is seen that there is already formed and in active working order a combination of all the leading religious bodies for the avowed purpose of securing national legislation in the interests of re-ligion, and for the enforcement of religious observances. The United States Senate, sixty years ago this winter, stated an un-deniable truth when it said, "Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are always dangerous." Here, then, is a religious combination which is about as extensive as it would be possible to form in the United States. It is to effect a po-litical purpose, for it is solely to control legislation; and what is worse, though in-evitable, is that it seeks to control legisla-tion in its own interests. It is therefore dangerous, and as dangerous as it is ex-tensive. We ask, therefore, whether there is not a cause for the existence of the AMERICAN SENTINEL ? And is there not need that something shall be said to call the atten-tion of the people to these things, which are so utterly subversive of American principles, and which involve the most sacred rights of men ? We know that a great many people pass it by with the remark that there is no danger, and that there is no need of any special discussion of it; and this is partic-ularly so on the part of those who are most active in the demand for the legislation. We know that these things were said four years ago, when the first number of the SENTINEL was printed; and there was not then one-tenth of the forces in existence in this line that there are now. But the SENTINEL knew then as well as it knows now that there is treachery in it. The SENTINEL told the people so then : it tells them so now. It is true. Incredulity will not escape it : unbelief will not disprove it. We do not impugn the motives of the people who are demanding religious legis-tion. We do not say that all the leaders of the organizations named mean treach-ery, nor that they are designedly doing that which they know to be fraught with danger to the people. We only say that there is danger in it. It matters not what may be the motives or the intentions of those who are engaged in it, the thing is evil in itself, and danger is inherent in it; and when the thing is accomplished and the discovery made that it is only evil and that continually, it will not be a very great comfort to be assured that those who did it were good people and meant well. The AMERICAN SENTINEL knows what it is doirig, and intends to be true to its name in sounding the alarm and giving warning  of the imminent danger that inheres in the demands that are being made and in a measure granted for legislation in the interests of religion. A. T. J. That Sunday-Law Petition. IN every possible place in the country there is now being circulated by the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, and the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union the following petition to Congress "To the House of Representatives of the United States [duplicate to the Sen- ate "] :Š " The undersigned organizations, and adult resi-dents (21 years of age or more) of the United States, hereby petition your Honorable Body to pass a bill, forbidding, in the United States mail and military service, and in interstate commerce, and in the District of Columbia, and in the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of religion and works of real necessity and mercy, and such private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week, by abstaining from labor and business, as will neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship." This petition has been largely signed, and many times more largely indorsed, but we seriously question whether one of those persons has ever taken the precaution to study the petition to know really what it asks for. We propose to look into it a little, to see what that petition embodies. It asks Congress, within its jurisdiction, to forbid all Sunday traffic and work with certain exceptions. What are the excep-tions? First, "except works of religion." Sup-pose then that Congress should pass a bill embodying the very words of the petition so far. Then nobody in the Territories, the District of Columbia, the army, the navy, or in interstate commerce could do any work on Sunday except works of re-ligion. Is that all that would need to be done? Is that the only step that would need to be taken ?ŠNot by any means. The question would at once arise, " What religion is it, whose works only are ex-cepted ?" And the question would have to be answered : There are several kinds of religion, in the country. There is the Christian religion, the Mormon religion, the Chinese religion, the Buddhist religion, the Agnostic religion, and many others of lesser note. Now there are works that would be perfectly consistent with certain of these religions, and in fact a necessary part of these religions, which would not by any means be consistent with the Christian religion. Such works performed by these on Sunday in perfect, conformity with their own religion, would not be considered as being in any sense in harmony with the Christian religion nor according to the Christian idea as to what is proper work on Sunday. The next thing, therefore, to do, and it would have to be done, would be for Con-gress or the Supreme Court to define what religion it is whose works only shall be ex-cepted, and just as soon as that definition  should be set forth, there would be an es-tablished religion in the United States. For wherever a government selects a par-ticular religion, and bestows favor and protection upon that religion above all others, and at the expense of all others, there is an established religion, and such would be the first and inevitable result if the request of that petition were enacted into law. This is indisputable, because if the phrase "works of religion" be left unde-fined by the government, and everybody left, each for himself, to decide what works of religion are proper for Sunday, then the law would be of no effect what-ever. Besides it is not the right principle of government that the subject shall inter-pret the law in his own case. The govern-ment must interpret its own laws and define its own terms, used in the laws. The government, therefore, having en-acted a law in which is found the phrase "works of religion" must define the mean-ing of the phrase. It must declare what religion is meant; it must define what are the works of that religion; and the mo-ment that is done there is an established religion. And it is needless to say to any well informed person that an established religion is an unmitigated evil in any form whatever. Are all those who have signed or indorsed that petition ready for this thing for which they have asked ? Again, in excepting, with works of "real necessity and mercy," only "works of re-ligion," it is shown to be wholly in the in-terests of religion that the demand is made. It is clearly religious legislation that is demanded, and they do propose virtually to compel men to religious observances. Of course it does not say in so many words that the people shall do works of religion, but it does say they shall not do any-thing but that. And, further, if they are willing to go so far at the very first step, having once secured this, how long will it be before they will take the next step and actually demand that the people shall do works of religion on that day which they have got the national Legislature to set apart for that special purpose ? Secondly, it proposes to "except" "pri-vate works by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week." Whoever, therefore, will come within this exception must "religiously and regularly observe another day of the week by abstaining from labor and busi-ness," Therefore this petition does ask that whoever does not want to keep Sun-day shall be compelled to religiously ob-serve another day. In other words, the petitioners propose to have Congress enact a law which shall enforce the religious ob-servance of another day than Sunday upon those who do not choose to keep Sunday. But when they propose to compel all who do not keep Sunday, to religiously observe another day, that plainly proves that it is also the religious observance of Sunday which they ask shall be enforced 