2 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. tarAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postofflee.) America's Right to the Philippines. THE United States Government has acquired posses-sion of the Philippine Islands by conquest and purchase from Spain, and now considers that it has a right to do with them as it sees fit. It obtained this rightŠif such it isŠfrom Spain. But what right had Spain in the islands? Spain's rights in the Philippines were only those of the robber and free-booter. Spain took what she possessed in the islands by force, just as any highwayman takes money and other valuables from the defenseless traveler. In the courts, this style of procedure is not considered as conferring any right of possession upon the highwayman. But where the robbery is a national act, it is different. Does the United States Government mean to indorse the acts of Spain by which that nation got possession of the Philippines? Whether it means it or not, that is just what is actually done by the United States in assuming possession of the Philippines as it has now done. There are human beings in the PhilippinesŠeight millions of them. These people are the natural and rightful owners of the islands. These are the people who must be dealt with in securing any just title to a single foot of land in the Philippine group. The United States Government drove Spain out of Cuba, because, as it says, Spain was a robber and op-pressor of the Cuban people, who by her cruelty and in-justice had forfeited all right to the island. If Spain had a right to the po-session of Cuba, the United States had no right to deprive her of it. Spain had no right in CubaŠthat is true; but she had exactly as much right in Cuba as she had in the Philippines; and now the United States claims possession of the Philippines by virtue of the very thing which, in the case of Cuba, it points to as nullifying all claim to possession. This is not quite consistent to say the least. The United States might as well be a robber itself as to take away the spoils of a robber and hold them as its own. The right of possession still remains in the one from whom the robber took them, which in this case is the Philippine people. The United States cannot afford to expand by justifying and perpetuating a robbery. Justifying "Expansion" by the Constitution. ADVOCATES of "expansion" justify this policy upon the ground that the national Constitution gives Con gress the power "to dispose of and make all needful:rules and regulations respecting the territory or other prop-erty belonging to the United States." The Philippines, they declare, are merely territorial property, and as such, can be ruled and regulated under this constitutional pro-vision as Congress sees fit. But the Constitution does not authorize Congress to dispose of property acquired unjustly, nor:does any such power rightfully inhere in any nation or individual. This Philippine question, however, is more than a mere ques-tion of the disposal of a certain amount of land. The chief consideration in the transaction, from the stand-point of justice, is not the disposal of the land, but the disposal of the people upon the land. Are those people to be considered as the property of the United States, of which Congress can dispose as it sees fit? That is just what is assumed in the course which has been pursued towards them by the nations without. Every form of government which does not recognize the rights and liberties of the people, as set forth in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, assumes that the people who are gov-erned are the property of the governing power. The government of the czar, for example, assumes the right to dispose of the people under it, and does dispose of them, as it sees fit. That is, the assumption upon which every despotism is built. A government must either as-sume just this, or it must recognize the rights of the peo-ple, which is a recognition of their right to govern them-selves. There is no middle ground. Not to recognize bheir rights is itself an assumption of the right to treat them as having no rights, and that is to treat them as property. And when the United States Government denies to the Philippine people tfie right to govern themselves, taking control over them as it does over their land, ignoring their will in the matter entirely, it thereby pro-claims that it regards the people themselves as its prop-erty, in common with the land on which they live. Such treatment of the Filipinos cannot be harmonized with any other conception than that they are property, to be controlled and disposed of as one would do with any property in live animals. But this is the baSis upon which the institution of negro slavery rested in the United States. It cost this nation several billions of dollars and the lives of hundreds of thousands of its best citizens, to learn that the image of GodŠfor all men are in his image Šcannot be held and treated as the property of the United States or of any part of it. That lesson should have been well-learned. And if at that fearful sacrifice it was not learned so as to be remembered, and the princi-ples of truth and justice it emphasized are now to be re- 