AMERICAN SENTINEL. 339 terances on this occasion worthy of note as showing the drift of papal teaching upon this important topic, are the following: "Patriotism is never so potent as when it is identified with religion." "The crisis for democracy will come when comes the crisis for religion." "The ene-mies of religion are the enemies of country and democ-racy." What religion? it might be well to query in reply. " There be lords many and gods many," and there are religions many, and the archbishop's religion is one of them. But there is only one gospelŠone revelation of God to mankind through Jesus Christ. And this cannot be identified with "patriotism;" but mere religion can be so identified, and we may not uncharitably infer that Archbishop Ireland hopes to see his own religion so iden-tified. But what a state of things will exist in this erst-while "land of the free," when to be irreligious, or to fail to conform to the prevailing religion, will be counted unpatriotic, and subject the nonconformist to the charge of being an enemy "of country and of democracy" ! The " Trust " Evil Illustrated. THE spectacle of the thousands of employes of gar-ment manufacturers on strike in New York City, while their wives and children starve in their cheerless homes, affords, among other things, an illustration of the work-ings of the "labor trust." There is truth in the remark made by ex-Senator Edmunds: "They may talk about our honest men with wives and families to support who are willing to work for one and two dollars a day, but they can't get it,Šwhy? Because their union, or their trust, won't allow them. The standard is set for them, and if they don't wait and starve their families until they reach that standard they can't get work any-where." Sad, indeed, is the condition to which industry has beenreduced by the selfishness of man toward his fellows. The "labor trust" represents a desperate effort by the workingmen to interpose an effectual resistance to the relentless power which from some higher stratum of society is steadily forcing them and those dependent on their earnings, beneath the surface of a respectable exist-ence. In reply to ex-Senator Edmunds a New York journal says:Š "If he will go over to the East Side of New York, look into Walhalla Hall, or make a trip through the teeming tenements, he will gain some idea of a standard of wages and the standard of living which has resulted from free competition in labor. He will find tailors, to the number of tens of thousands, reinforcing their labor unions and saying to each other. 'We will starve if need be, we and our wives and our babies, but we will not re-turn again to the practice of bidding against each other for work at starvation wages.' If he will look into the conditions which have caused the tailors' strike, he will find them bred of exactly the procedure which he would substitute for that of organized labor. One family, either out of the union or indifferent to its rules, agrees  to work for a certain contractor for less than the union rates. Presently that contractor underbids his fellows. They investigate, discover the cause, and meet the unfair competition by cutting down the pay of their workers. The process is repeated until the wages become barely sufficient to support the workers, nor does it always stop there, for there are not infrequently some who will work for less than a living wage, supplementing it by vicious or dishonest practices. In every badly organized trade this process goes on." Nevertheless the " labor trust," at its best, is an evil, however necessary it may seem to be. Man was not de-signed by his Creator to maintain his existence by means of the trust. To do this is to destroy his own individu-ality. God would have men learn the great truth that "man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." He would have men learn to put their dependence upon Him as the author and preserver of life, rather than upon a human organization. Many remedies are proposed for this deplorable con-dition of affairs, but the Christian student knows that the only effective remedy is righteousness. And therefore the counsel of God's word to those who experience the evils of this situation is, "Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord." See Jas. 5 :1-7. Christ is coming the second time, in "power and great glory," to set up righteousness in the earth, by destroying sin and sinners out of it. This is the true hope for the toil-ing, groaning myriads of old earth to-day. " Not by Might Nor by Power." THE Lord does not carry on his work in the earth by might or by power. That is, he does not work by those agencies which appear most mighty and powerful in the the eyes of men. " Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zech. 4 :6. In this day we see religious organizations grasping for power. We see the church associationsŠthe Society of Christian Endeavor, the Epworth League, etc., holding conventions and discussing, among other things, what they can do to control elections and put good men into public office. Their hopes in this regard are based upon the millions enrolled in their membership. But what will all this might and power avail in the work of the Lord? Suppose they should get complete control of the Govern-mentŠwhat good would it do them or the cause which they profess to represent? What is the use of might and power when the Lord does not work by that means? Have they forgotten the record of the experience of the prophet Elijah at Mount Horeb? 1 Kings 19:9-13. The prophet was told to " Go forth, and stand upon the mount before the Lord. And behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the wind. And after the wind was an earth-quake; but the Lord was not in the earthquake. And 