294 Pit AVIRRICAN SRNTINTRL. even more significant than they. Its re-sult is fraught with even greater peril, as it marks the culmination of added cen-turies of error, and also because, that, amid the greater opportunities to know and do the right, the wrong has been de-liberately chosen. As an amendment to Mr. Quay's amend-ment Mr. Gray, of Delaware, offered the followingŠit was accepted by Mr. Quay and reads thus :Š And it is hereby declared that all appropriations herein made for, or pertaining to, the World's Co-lumbian Exposition are made under the condition that the said Exposition shall not be open to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; and if the said appropriations be accepted by the corporation of the State of Illinois, known as the World's Columbian Exposition upon that condition, it shall be, and it is hereby made, the duty of the World's Columbian Commission, created by the act of Congress of April 25, 1890, to make such rules or modification of the rules of said corporation as shall require the closing of the Exposition on the said first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday. This was adopted by the Senate, on July 14; and by the House, on July 19; and re-c9ived the signature of the President of the United States on August 5. It is now the law. This is the first finished enactment of re-ligion by the Congress of the United States in the history of the Government. Its im-portance as a historical event can not be over-stated. Its significance as to the leg-islative future of this country can not be put into language too vivid or too intense. The centuries have waited to see this day. The Spirit of all evil has bided his time to this hour. Here and now he begins an onset upon the principles of justice and equity, for which this Nation and Govern-ment has heretofore stood, such as human-ity has never yet met in all its bitter expe-riences. He is about to come to the con-flict himself, in great wrath, knowing that his time is not long. THE DEVELOPMENT OF LEGISLATION UNIT-ING RELIGION AND STATE. The first attempt to develop a State re-ligion was made through educational chan-nels. It was consistent. The success of that measure would have established a State religion, and would have provided for the education of the young in that religion. The passage of the National. Sunday law and the Sunday law for the District of Columbia was necessarily dependent upon the success of the constitutional amend-ment, which would have reversed existing constitutional principles, and made their adoption technically possible. The failure to establish a religion left no basis upon which to legislate for a re-ligion. The enactment of religious stat-utes must therefore be held in abeyance until a basis should be made, or found, in the supreme law of the land, by which they might be justified. Justice Brewer both found and made this basis, in the de-cision of the Supreme Court in the case of the Rector of the Church Of the Holy Trinity, etc. vs. the United States, deliv-ered February 29, 1892. He decided that the national religion was not only estab-lished, but had always existed. No better apparent foundation than this could possibly be made. Had the previous attempt succeeded, its validity, its terms, and its form, would have been subject to the interpretation of the Supreme Court. Here, however, the necessary dictum issued, first hand, from the Supreme Court itself. Whether congressmen consciously  recognized this fact or not it is neverthe-less true that they were waiting, and did wait, for this before they acted. When this decision had been made they acted forthwith, and acted consistently there-with. They accepted it as a decree for a national religion, and proceeded in due manner and form to develop that religion on legislative lines. Of the congressional discussion of the legislative measure in which that was done, by conditioning Government appro-priations on Sunday observance, the New York Christian Advocate says :Š Every utterance upon this subject was in har-mony with a late decision of the United States Su-preme Court whereby it is to be forever regarded as a settled principle that this is a Christian nation. The chaplain, himself, of the Senate, said, in an article in the New York Inde- pendent, in reference to this same occa-sion :Š During this debate you might have imagined yourself in a general council, or assembly, or synod, or conference. The chaplain was more right than he dared to say. It was no imagination. He characterized the occasion correctly. The Supreme Court had established a religion, and the chaplain had just witnessed the first legislative council of that religion held in the Senate chamber of the United States. The first enactment of the General Coun-cil of the national religion at Washington was to enforce Sunday observance. The second was passed seven days later, and consisted of a law for the District of Co-lumbia, which reads :Š That it shall not be lawful for any person or per-sons to curse, swear, or make use of any profane language, . . . under a penalty of not exceeding twenty dollars for each and every offense. Already the "general council, or assem-bly, or synod, or conference," has touched two points of the many which, as repre-senting a religion, it is now bound to legis-latively consider. It has provided against the desecration of Sunday at the World's Fair, and forbidden profanity in the Dis-trict of Columbia. A sufficient foundation has been laid. There is no higher authority than a decree of the Supreme Court. Until such a foun-dation had been placed, either by the Su-preme Court, or by a constitutional amendment,Šsubjected to the revision, criticism and interpretation of the Su-preme Court,Šsuch legislation upon re-ligion could not have been logically had. The constitutional amendment would have involved a long course of procedure. But now the result sought has been gained without recourse to legislatures or peo-ple. The fatal work has been done speed-ily, and without the knowledge of the people. Now, the remaining religious bills referred to the different congressional committees, and not yet reported, may be consistently passed at any time. The national Sunday bill may be re-introduced and adopted. New and more vigorous measures, such as have not yet been framed or conceived, may be offered and passed in their regular course. The way is now fully open. The necessary logical line of action which must have been taken had been fol-lowed in the progress of this matter. It makes no difference whether the origi-nators of these measures, or whether con-gressmen in general, or whether the Su-preme Court itself realized these facts or not, they are none the less facts,Šand part of the inexorable march of history and history-making. The decision of the Supreme Court, as voiced by Justice Brewer, has established a national religion; the first decree, under this establishment, is the conditioning of governmental appropriations, for the World's Fair, upon the assurance that re-spect shall be paid, at that time and place, to the especial and distinctive sign, or pub-lic evidence, of the acceptance of that re-ligion, which the Supreme Court has affirmed to be the national religion. The Supreme Court has established a religion. Congress has legislated in ac-cordance with that established religion. W. H. M. The Change of the Sabbath, and its Relation to Sunday Legislation. THE friends of the Sunday Sabbath are fast becoming the friends of Sunday laws and their enforcement. With such we are compelled to join issue, for they are wrong in both respects. Sunday is not the Sab-bath of the Bible ; and Sabbath laws, whether the Sabbath legislated upon be true or false, are .out of place in a civil government, for such governments can of right have nothing whatever to do with the enforcement of religious rites, or in determining what are one's duties to God or how he should perform them. Many are not aware of the origin of the Sunday Sabbath, or how or by what means it came to take the place of the seventh-day SabbathŠthe Sabbath of the Bible. But if they will study the history of the first four centuries of the Christian era, they will learn how this, together with other errors and corruptions, came in by the workings of that " mystery of iniquity," and that " man of sin" foretold by Paul. From an alleged desire to have "nothing in common with the Jews," the Bible Sab-bath was cast aside, and a day which had come to be regarded as a church festival in honor of the resurrection, as others were, likewise, of the betrayal and cruci-fixion, was afterward allowed to take the place of the seventh-day Sabbath, the only weekly Sabbath God ever made or gave to man. Although the elements which finally culminated in this were early at work, even in Paul's day, the substitution, or the putting of the Sunday in the place of the Bible Sabbath, did not take place until the Church had become so corrupted and so lost to the simplicity of the gospel as to ally itself to worldly power. This alliance took Ave in the fourth century, under the reign of Constantine. This is attested by the best historians, such as Neander, Schaff, Draper, etc. Draper says : "It was the aim of Constantine to make theology a branch of politics; it was the hope of every bishop in the empire to make pol-itics a branch of theology." And speaking further of the condition of things under the reign of Constantine, he says : " The unavoidable consequences were a union between the Church and. State." See his " Intellectual Development of Europe," chapters 9 and 10. Under Constantine, Christianity, through an advantage taken by the church bishops of his edict of Milan, was recognized as the religion of the empire°, and the first day of the week was made the national weekly rest-day. It is asked by some if a government has no right to establish a weekly rest-day, why God established a weekly rest-day for the Jewish nation, and incorporated it into their national law. The answer is 