tog Amcip4IntOAN  Vor.. 9, No. i4.  Saw skirting around the church over which he held charge the fear of annihilation, he straightway said, ' If Spiritualism does not prove a future existence, there is no proof of it in the world.' That is what we Mean to-day, that in the light of a living testimony, the spiritual manifestation is the light of the resurred-tiori. Nothing that dies can be resurrected again, and in Spiritualism there is no resurrection, because there is no death. The body which dies changes its essential c'Onditiond, and science declares that atoms reappear. In the' change called death the resurrection is already accomplished. " To-day you celebrate not that which has been built upon the rare spiritual manifestations at the sepulchre and tomb of Jesus, but that which has been demonstrated in your own lives and hearts, and from the door of every sepulchre, from the tomb of every buried casket, from the heart pangs of every one who has mourned, Spiritualism rolls away the stone of sorrow and the shadow of death and says : Never, for one instant of time, not for the slightest thousand-millionth part of a moment has the spirit that you loved been dead, but when dust was shaken off and became dust, when the body, by slow degrees, tor-tured by pain, was cast aside, and before there was time to say, `My beloved one is gone,' that loved one was away, alive, arisen, freed from the dust, the shackles shaken off, and trying to make you know it. " Spiritualism has kindled the lights of religion and the sermons of to-day are all pervaded with somewhat of this light which has given them a new tongue of eloquence, which has given them a greater certainty of immortality and it makes more plain the victory over death. If there is a death, all that is meant in that word is the human stateŠdead in darkness, in striv-ing, in passion, in corruption of earthliness.. The glorious inheritance of life is not to be denied or taken away from any soul in the kingdom of God's creation." Certainly, the time has come, or if not is very near at hand, for the coalition of apostate Protestantism, Roman Catholi-cism, and Spiritualism. The delusions of Spiritualism are absolutely necessary to the maintenance of the system of religious error which Romanism has built up and from which Protestantism, now so-called, does not dissent. The very next act in the drama of false religion will be the open acceptance of these false lights which Spiritualism has kindled on the shores of eternity, and by which those, who accept and follow the traditions of men and the deceits of the evil one, rather than the pure word of God, will be drawn to eternal shipwreck. The statements of this speaker as to the dependence of the popular reli-gionists of the day upon Spiritualism are founded in fact. It is true also that the time for the acknowledgment of the alli-ance is at hand. It has long been tacitly realized. The doctrine of natural immor-tality, the adoration of canonized saints and martyrs, and Spiritualism, are inter-dependent, without the first the other two must necessarily fall, and they all three mutually support one another. They are natural allies. They are necessary each to the other. The exponents of this great and fatal delusion see themselves that the hour is at hand when the union of all its advocates is to take place for the last great deception. W. H. M. Ł Strange Infallibility. IN the Catholic Mirror of October 21, 1893, the following statement appeared :Š The ripplings of Cardinal Gibbons' influence cross the threshold of the Vatican. Leo, the mighty in-spirer of men, is inspired and encouraged by his lieu-tenants, from whom he often asks: " Watchman, what of the night ?" The historic incident of the Knights of Labor, whose condemnation Cardinal Gib-bons averted by personal interview with Leo, was one of the preparations to the encyclical on the " Condi-tion of Labor." But Cardinal Gibbons is an Amer-ican; let him be judged from America. Look at it : " Cardinal Gibbons' influ-ence crossed the threshold of the Vatican," and " averted " what otherwise would have been " condemnation," turning the threatened anathema into a blessing. But suppose the cardinal had remained  at home and Leo had carried out his in-tentions according to his own " judg-ment," then what ? then the encyclical would have contained the opposite of what it did centain by reason of the cardinal's " personal interview with Leo." As it is, it is infallibly true. But what made it what it is? Oh ! the cardinal's " personal interview." Question : Can two things, directly opposite to each other, both be infallibly true ? If not, whose "judgment " was the infallible guide in this case ?ŠPlainly the cardinal's. In his book, "The Faith of Our Fathers," the cardinal says, page 155: " The Roman pontiff is called the head of the whole church, that is, the visible head. Now the church, which is the body of Christ, is infallible. . . . But how can you suppose an infallible body with a fallible head ? How can an erring head conduct a body in the unerring ways of truth and justice ?" On page 154, he says:Š The council acknowledges them to be the supreme and infallible arbiters of faith. Again, page 148 :Š The pope, as succssor of St. Peter, Prince of the Apostles, by virtue of the promises of Jesus Christ, is preserved from error of judgment when he promul-gates to the church a decision on faith or morals. In the case referred to in the Mirror, the " supreme " " infallible " " head of the whole church," was "preserved from error of judgment " by the " personal in-terview " of Cardinal Gibbons. Now, since the " judgment " of the cardinal was that which was contained in the encyclical and not the " judgment " of the pope, who, in this case, was the " infallible " " head ? " And if the cardinal was the "infallible guide" in this matter, why may he not be in other matters ? How long before the cardinal will become the pope of Rome ? Truly, " Leo, the mighty inspirer of men, is inspired by his lieuten-ants "Šnot by the Lord. E. R. WILLIAMS. Joseph and Christ. THE history of Joseph illustrates that of Christ. Joseph's brothers envied and hated and sold him into slavery, because he was more worthy and their father loved him better than them; for the same rea-sons the Jews hated and delivered Christ to death. JoSeph's steadfast uprightness in his humiliation was the means of his exaltation; so with our Saviour. " We behold Jesus . . . because of the suf-fering of death crowned with glory and honor." Heb. 2 : 9, R. V. Joseph became " lord of all Egypt." " The Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath," enthroned in the midst of the Decalogue. As the Egyp-tians were obliged to submit to the author-ity of Joseph, so all who come to Christ must accept the entire law of God, from which he is inseparable. Said the psalm-ist of Christ, " Thy law is within my 'heart," they must come submitting their wills to the will of God, which is his law. " I delight to do thy will, 0 my God; yea thy law is within my heart." Ps. 40 :8, 9. Joseph had made provision during the seven years of plenty so that he had an abundance with which to preserve life during the years of famine, not alone for the Egyptians, but for all the world, for all countries came into Egypt to Joseph to buy corn. " To Joseph was especially given power that he might save his father's house." Gen. 45. Christ is " the Saviour of all men, specially of those who believe."  1 Tim. 4 : 10. Jesus made abundant pro-vision for the salvation of all who would come to him. The Sabbath as a reminder of creation, assures us that he who is its Lord, having creative power, he who gave himself for us and to us, while possessing this power, is well able to .sanctify and save us. Eze. 20 : 12. Joseph's brothers were very dear to him; their lives were the reward of his days and years of bitter trial. He freely, fully forgave them, gave them the best of the land of Egypt and nourished them all the days of their lives. The subjects of his grace are as much dearer to the heart of our precious Saviour as his sufferings for them exceeded Joseph's. They repre-sent the reward of his mediatorial work, his labor of love, and are valued by him in the light of eternal salvation. He " forgives all their sins " " cleanses them from all unrighteousness " and "it is his good plea-sure to give them the kingdom."  Joseph was honored, obeyed and loved by his brethren. Thus it is with Jesus and will be forever increasingly so, in as much greater degree as the infinite ex-ceeds the finite. The people could procure food of no one but Joseph; Christ alone has the bread of eternal life which is him-self : " The bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." John 6. Joseph, lord of Egypt, dealing out bread to the people fitly rep-resents Christ, Lord of the Sabbath, doing the same. For bread the Egyptians gave all they had, first their property, then themselves. Christ is "the pearl of great price," and he who would possess it must give all for it. Joseph bought for Pharaoh all the lands and people of Egypt. Christ will redeem the earth unto God, saved from all the effects of the curse and peopled with the holy, happy, immortal nations of the saved. Rev. 21. To Joseph was given Pharaoh's ring. " This signet-ring was used for signing public documents and its impression was more valid than the sign-manual of the king."ŠJamieson. The Sabbath, as seal of the law of God, is the sign of Christ's authority. The Sabbath is the sign of creative power, as we have learned from the Bible; God alone has this power. Since Christ is Lord of the Sabbath, he has all the power represented by the Sab-bath, and therefore is God. He -who would abolish or change the creation Sabbath day, robs our Saviour of the great proof of his divinity. Well may the ques-tion come home to us : " Will a man rob God ? " Is not robbing God as heinous a crime now as it ever was ? He has pro-nounced the judgment, " Ye are cursed t with a curse for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation." Mal. 3: 9. ." The Sabbath was made for man." Mark 2 : 27. Did Christ conclude, Where-fore man is lord of the Sabbath ? "Know-ing what was in man " he neither com-mitted himself nor his precious Sabbath to man. " The,Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." He who presumes to touch any of its divine appointments is meddling with that which Christ has reserved wholly to himself and he betrays an irreverence or carelessness most aston-ishing and deplorable. He commits a sin like that of Nadab and Abihu who disre-garded the order of the Lord, putting no difference between the common and the holy, and God destroyed them. The Lord did not take the first day of the week of which to make his Sabbath. Sunday was 