354 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Until spling opened up I did not have much work to do at home, so did but very little on Sunday; but during the last two months I have had plenty of work, and I did not feel that I could afford to lose one sixth of my time; and more, I could not conscientiously observe Sunday and act the hypocrite, professing by my actions to keep a day that I did not believe in. So I went qui-etly to work on Sunday, never doing anything that could possibly be considered offensive. "Two of my neighbors talked with me on the ques-tion, urging that I should keep Sunday because the laws of the State required it. One, who is a witness against me, said while talking to me, that he did not know but what I was right, but we must keep the laws of the State. "A warrant was sworn out by one of my neighbors, the charge stating that 'The said J. T. Eaton did on the 14th day of May commit the offense of pursuing his or-dinary business on the Sabbath day.' "The warrant. was issued the 24th day of May, and I was arrested the same date and taken before the justice of the peace about 3 o'clock, P. M. He asked me to stand trial at 6 P. M. the same evening, but I replied that I was not ready for trial; so the justice set the case for 6 o'clock, P. M., the following day, and asked me to give bond. He suggested I get one of my brethreil,to go on my bond; so the bailiff started down town with me in a buggy to hunt up the brother to sign the bond. On our way down town the bailiff suddenly stopped and jumped out of his buggy, asking me to hold his horse while he went and made an arrest. He soon came back with a man under arrest and asked me to get out of the buggy and stay around until he took the fellow to jail. He said he was not afraid of my going away. "He then told me to take my bond and go by myself and hunt up the brother to go on the bond and come back to the justice's office. I had to go nearly a mile to find the brother where he was at work. "My trial came off the next day. The witnesses swore that on the Sabbath, May the 14th, they saw me hoeing in my corn patch. When questioned on the wit-ness stand they said that I was a peaceful citizen, etc., and that neither their rest nor that of their families was disturbed; also that they would not have known that I was at work if they had not seen me. "When asked why they issued the warrant, the pros-ecuting witness said he thought it was his duty to en-force the law. "I was bound over to appear before the Superior Court of Floyd County the 17th day of July. Many of the people here are standing for me and religious liberty, but the Sunday law is being agitated, and nearly every business is stopped in the city on Sunday." Mr. Eaton adds that he is willing, if need be, to go to the chain-gang "for His sake," and that of the truth to which he holds. 4' A RECENT Christian Endeavor convention was held on the island of Jamaica, in a court-house, where seven-ty-five years ago a number of Baptist ministers were tried and found guilty of preaching to slaves without license. A Clergyman Arrested for Hoeing Weeds on Sunday. Ha,tley, Miss., May 28, 1899. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I am forty-eight years of age, am the youngest son of a numerous.  family. The history of my ancestors extends back through many generations, one line of which reaches to the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers, who, fleeing from religious persecu-tion, landed on the bleak shores of New England in 1620. Yesterday, for the first time in my life and for the first time in the history of my family, so far as my knowledge extends, was one arrested and led away under the escort of an officer charged with a misdemeanor. I have met in our family reunions' where our ancestral history has been talked over, and it has been a source of many con-gratulations that we could present so clean a record as law-abiding citizens. But to-day I stand before the world under bonds as a criminal awaiting trial. On the nineteenth day of July next, I am to appear before the court at Amory, Mississippi, to answer for my conduct on the fourteenth day of May. And what is the crime for which I am to suffer this reproach and perhaps to suffer further indignities after the case is tried? You may ask if I have been engaged in some evil plots against the rights of my fellowmen? I can answer, with a clear conscience before GOd in the language of the Apostle Paul, " We have wronged no man, we have cor-rupted no man, we have defrauded no man." If I had, I should have no complaint to offer if I should suffer the extreme penalty of the law. The act with which I am charged and for which I suffer these indignities, is that on that fourteenth day of May, after having rested the day before, which was the Sabbath, I took a few mo-ments' exercise in my own garden in the early morning hour, using a hoe with which to extricate a few obnox-ious weeds from among some choice plants, the seeds of which had been presented to me by an esteemed friend. After this refreshing exercise I went back into my house, wrote some letters, then attended services in the Baptist church, and preached in my own church at night. I am a minister of the Seventh-day Adventist church and be-lieve and teach that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath; that the Sabbath never was changed from the seventh to the first day of the week by divine authority. A little over a year ago I organized the first Seventh-day Adventist church in this State, here at Hatley, with eleven members. Since then our membership has in-creased to twenty-nine. Some have not been well pleased to witness the interest taken in-  the truths which we teach, and not having scriptures with which to oppose them, have sought to stir up a spirit of persecution against us. We had thought, however, that so long as we conducted ourselves as good citizens we were account-able alone to God for our religious faith, and that Seventh-day Adventists had the same right to the exer- 