348 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sabbath Union, and Rev. T. P. Stevenson, of the National Reform As-sociation, did good service as Christian lobbyists." The bishops of the Church in the fourth century sent up petitions to the Govern-ment praying that Sunday shows and like performances be transferred to other days, that the "faithful" might not be lured away from church services. The bishops of the Protestant churches have here in the last few years been sending up their petitions, not to God, but to Congress for the same purpose and for the same rea-son. The New York Independent of Oc-tober 20, giving its reasons for holding that the World's Fair should be closed in the afternoon as well as in the forenoon of Sunday, says But is the afternoon free? True, there are no preaching services; but what about the Sunday-schools ? They are just as legitimate, just as im-portant, as the service which the sermon constitutes. God is worshiped as acceptably, the truth is pre-sented as faithfully, souls are influenced as effect-ively, as in the morning Expositions are just as attractive to those who sit in the classes as to those who sit in the pews. These churches have likewise under-taken to carry their measures through by political threats and intimidation and ex-pressions of determination to control elec-tions. In their petitions to Congress for the . Sunday closing of the World's Fair theyŠ Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves And each other that we will from this time hence-forth refuse to vote for or support for any office or position of trust any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind to the World's Fair except on conditions named in these resolutions. And Joseph Cook in the Union Signal already referred to, says:Š In Boston, the first question asked a stranger is, " Have you ever written a book ? " in New York, " How much are you worth ?" in Chicago, "How much do you expect to be worth ? " in Washing-ton, " Do you hope to be re-elected " The Amer-ican people have convinced Congress that this lat-ter question is of great and growing importance in connection with votes on Sunday closing. And in this fight for religious legisla-tion and the establishment and enforce-ment of the Sunday Sabbath by law these churches openly advocate the use of such political methods as are known by the term wire-pulling, as the following from the Examiner, a Baptist paper of New York City, shows:Š The present is no time for jubilation, but is, and we beg pardon for the phrase, a time for wire-pull-ing and hard fighting. One of these political wire:pulling methods is the use of money in carrying desired measures. That this resort is not altogether unthought of by these Protest-ant religio-political church managers in their determination to exalt and enforce the papal Sabbath, the further words of Joseph Cook in the Union Signal indi- cate :Š In view of the vigor with which the right of petition is exercised by the opponents of Sunday closing, we believe that it should continue to be ~ercised vigorously by the friends of Sunday ob-servance, especially if there should prove to be the slightest danger of a reversal of the action of Con-gress. We urge alertness at all points of the com-pass, for our opponents are not likely to sleep, and portions of the press of the country favor them from obvious mercenary motives. So does the immense wealth behind the saloon. But there is more wealth behind the churches and the respectable portion of society than behind all the opponents. From this it would appear that Mr. Cook, whom the Signal styles " the world-wide advocate of righteousness," has al-ready advertised that the churches are  ready to go into the bribing business if necessary to compass their ends, for that is what the controlling of political parties and legislation by money is generally understood to mean. Did Romanism ever do more ? Were ever more worldly measures employed by her in seeking to gain control of and to dominate this or any other nation ? Are not these " Romish methods" over again? And might not Mr. Martin well have said that Protestant churches are bending every effort to dominate the United States and using methods which are aimed at the disruption of the country ? And might he not have laid a good share of the re-sponsibility in this at the door of his own Methodist Episcopal Church? Most of those in these churches who are carrying on this movement doubtless little realize what they are really doing and what they have already accomplished in their adop-tion of the ideas and methods of the Pa-pacy in defense of an institution of the Papacy. But they will perhaps wake up to the fact some day that in this they have simply been playing into the hands of Rome, but not, we fear, until it is too late to make amends and recover the once prized and much lauded boon of American liberty and freedom in matters of con- science. The following, we believe, sets forth the matter in its true light:Š God's word has given warning of the impending danger; let this be unheeded, and the Protestant world will learn what the purposes of Rome really are, only when it is too late to escape the snare. She is silently growing into power. Her doctrines are exerting their influence in legislative halls, in the churches; and in the hearts of men. She is piling up her lofty and massive structures, in the secret recesses of which her former persecutions will be repeated. Stealthily and unsuspectedly she is strengthening her forces to further her own ends when the time shall come for her to strike. All that she desires is vantage ground, and this is already being given her. We shall soon see and shall feel what the purpose of the Roman element is. Whoever shall believe and obey the Word of God will hereby incur reproach and persecution. ŠGreat Controversy, p. 581. W. A. COLCORD. Christ's Kingdom Kingdom Not of This World.* AN immense army could be mustered to-day to defend Christianity against any attack that heathenism might dare Łto make against it as a religion. Not only those who profess personal faith in the Nazarene and yield willing obedience to his laws, but hundreds and thousands of those who lay no claim to membership in his kingdom, would rally to the standard of the cross and would march willingly to the conflict for the faith they respect. To some it might seem an easier and more acceptable method .of winning heaven's favor and of securing eternal life, than by repentance and faith. A call to arms would please their fancy. On the other hand, there are many who have such pro-found regard for the Bible and its prom-ises that they would be moved to its de-fense by the highest motives of which they are capable. As the Saviour de-clared that a, myriad of angels waited to come to his rescue, so myriads of men are equally willing to take up the sword in his behalf. The authorized uplifting of Peter's sword would be answered by as brave responses as ever echoed to the na-tion's call. But we have learned long ago, at least we ought to have learned, that his king-dom is not of this world, and that there- *For editorial comment see last page. fore his servants are not asked to fight for him. And, as in many other cases his declaration looks further and means more than the surface interpretation indicates. It is not established by the same methods; it is not ruled by the same principles; it is not secured by the same safeguards; it is not extended by the same tactics; and it does not offer the same immunities and privileges. On all these points, and on others, it is a. something by itself. We know there is nothing startling or taking in this statement; but its decided signifi-cance is in its application. General prin-ciples are often tame in their statement, but wonderfully awakening in their appli-cation to details. The purpose of earthly governments is the protection of the person and rights of the citizen. This protection looks no further than the end of this earthly life. At the grave civil law turns back from its ministry of good. It pledged itself to go no further, and it can go no further. The kingdom of Christ has its supreme signif-icance with respect to the life beyond this, and it affects this life only that it may promote that. Largely, but only in-directly, does the civil law affect religious interests; while religion only incidentally, though powerfully, shapes the citizen life. In the application of these principles to questions of policy in our affairs of State, no Christian ought to shrink from the conclusions which are reached. It allows no union of Church and State. The sup-port of the ministry, the building of churches, the filling of ecclesiastical offices and the enforcement of discipline, are matters with which the State has no more to do than has the masonic order. As citizens, the people may demand its protection in their management of these affairs, but only because these are rights which belong to them in their social re-lations. The State may educate, or pro-vide for the co-operation of the people in educating the children; but it has no right to assume or direct the simplest lessons of religious faith, no matter though it be done under a covering that threatens no harm. To do so is to attempt to cover the eternal with what can never be more than temporal and carnal. It is no more violation as the general principle for churches to undertake to administer the functions of civil governments, than for the State to assume direction of spiritual matters. Even the enactment of Sunday laws by the civil powers must be defended only on the ground that man and beast are entitled, by a law of physical endurance, to regular rest, just as we protect them from contagion or oppression. People must be left free from enactments com-pelling them to attend religious service and engage in ceremonies of worship. Bodies of Christian people may or may not embody their desire for Sunday protection, and address them to proper authorities, but they have right to their demand only on the ground that the pres-ervation of health and of good order re-quire it. We do not think Heaven is particularly solicitous about getting God named in the Constitution, though such recognition might do good ; but we are quite sure Heaven yearns for the enthronement of God in the heart of every subject of the Constitution; but it must be willingly, not by force. The unanimous and em- phatic call by all good citizens for tem-perance laws and their enforcement is 