128 AMERICAN SENTINEL. FIGHTING AGAINST GOD Religious Liberty Library which PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE ulllfreelot teof co. g  ience. tian  which PICTURE, 4 7 FINE HALF-TONE ILLUSTRATIONS 7 4 The pages shown below are reduced facsimiles Of pages 6 and 7 of this tract AGAINST GOD. the title of a sixteen-page tract just issued as No. 41 of the principles of Wilt thou rally thy legions to battle. And march on the City of Light, Whence angels excelling in power Were hurled to the regions of night? Wilt thou compass the city eternal, Its towers and battlements rage, And train thy batteries brazen On the throne of the Ancient of Days? CAN NATIONS CONTEND WITH GOD ? "AT his wrath the earth shall trenible, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation." 5  For a nation to compel a subject to disobey the laws of a foreign nation, when it knows it is, powerless .to protect him in so doing, is but to murder its citizen in cold blood, and merit international contempt. Will the government attempt to protect its citizens against the wrath of an offended God ? Will it declare war' on the King of kings ? 'Can it marshal its, hosts and hurl its serried columns against the Eternal City ? " WE OUGHT TO OBEY GOD RATHER' THAN MEN."' " WHEN they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people; he suffered no man to do them wrong: . . . saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." 7  If God had intended that his children should submit to governments in matters of conscience, he would hot have protected Daniel in the lions' den, the three Hebrews in the fiery furnace, nor have delivered Peter and John, Paul and Silas; from their prison cells, where they were placed for disobeying human enactments. GOD AND THE POWERS THAT BE. "RENDER therefore unto Cmsar the things that are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." God has ordained that governments should exist among men. To these governments he has commanded his people .to render tribute, honor, and respect. He has commanded them to be obedient to every ordinance of man, not for fear of punishment, but for the Lord's sake. So long as a govern-ment enforces ordinances of men, Šsuch laws only as are , necessary for the protection of men in the enjoyment of their equal, natural rights,Š they will not come in conflict with the Christian. oJer. 10 :10. 'Acts 0:29. /1 Chron. 16 : 20-22. a Matt. : 21. Something Neat New and Novel Price 3c each Usual discounts in quantities Printed on highly-finished paper Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the Most prejudiced or indifferent reader Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo, Oakland, Cal. OF course you would like to have maps, as well as the history, of the Egptian Empire while Joseph and Israel Were in Egypt. But you cannot have this without getting a copy of the new book, entitled "The Empires of the Bible." It is plain enough, then, that you must have a copy of that book. Get it and you will have this and hundreds of other interesting and valuable things about the nations of Bible times. And the price is only $1.50; 410 pages, and.21 maps. 