112 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 17, 1898. -JT is estimated upon good author-ity that there is $1,000,000,000 rep-resented in untaxed church property in this country. IT is a strange definition of the word "justice" which the French gov-ernment is trying to set up, through the proceedings of the trial of M. Zola. That government has some-thing yet to learn from the French Revolution. IN the Equity Court, Washington, D. C., February 3, a decision was ren-dered by Judge Hagner, which de-clares it to be unconstitutional for Congress to appropriate money for sectarian institutions. We have sent for a copy of the decision, and expect to speak further of it later. THE sentiments expressed in the letter of ex-minister De Lome, in which he characterized the President as a "low politician," and the Ameri-can people as "rabble," are only nat-urally to be expected from an official of that most Catholic nation, Spain, in reference to a Protestant President and a Protestant nation. Let no one be surprised that Rome does not speak flatteringly of Protestants. THE terrible nature of the struggle that has been going on in Cuba can be appreciated only in the light of the -fact that more people have perished in the three years of the war for Cu-ban independence than perished in the five years of the great war that devastated the Union. No less than 400,000 people, it is said, have per-ished from starvation alone. And yet the claim has been persistently made by Spain, and recognized offi-cially here, that there has been no war in Cuba at all! A. VERY interesting and impor-tant trial is that now being eon-ducted at Lattimer, Pa., in Which the  sheriff and his deputies who shot and killed a number of unarmed miners who were on strike, at that place, some months, ago, appear as defend-ants. And the most interesting and significant thing that has thus far occurred in connection with it, is the fact that the presiding judge actually allowed the deputies, who are charged with murder, to be three days at lib-erty without bail. Such an occur-rence must go far to strengthen the charge that wealth and poverty do not stand on an equality in this coun-try before the law. A MEETING of the "Evangelical Alliance" of St. Johns, New Bruns-wick, was held recently to consider measures for securing a more general observance of Sunday. The Method-ist, Baptist, and Presbyterian de-nominations were conspicuously rep-resented. A committee was appointed to secure additional Sunday legisla-tion. The Alliance will hold meetings once a month. IN an impassioned speech before Congress in behalf of Cuba, recently, Senator Mason, of Illinois, made -Is indictment of the nation in general and of his party in particular, the truthfulness of which must be ad-mitted. It discredits this country as the alleged home of liberty:Š "We lived in the shadow of the law of compensation for a hundred years. We set our flag in the sky and said : ' This is the land of the free and the home of the brave.' And at the same time we were selling women and chil-dren to the highest and best bidder for cash. The law of compensation went into operation, and we did not have materials enough, at the end of the war, to make headboards for our soldiers' graves. The bankers and keepers of bucket-shops are wiring me.  to-day to consider the price of wheat and pork in my own state. I say to you that, with the picture of starving women and children in Cuba, I have no heart to look at the price of pork in Illinois. [Applause.] They tell us that war is hell. In Cuba it is worse than hell. Dante with all his word painting has never described anything so horrible. And this is  the war the Republican party prom-ised to stop." Church Lotteries Sustained: A DECISION recently given by Jus-tice Neu, of the First Civil District Court, in this city, affirms that an, article put up and dispospd of at a church lottery, is the property oft the winner, and cannot Łbe confiscated by-the State for violation of the law' against lotteries. Holy Trinity Church, of E'ast New York, was in need of funds;, so it was decided to hold a fair and bazaar-after the usual fashion and raise the. money. Between the pastor; the. ladies, and the Y. M. C. A., the neces-sary arrangements were completed;. and the fair was inaugurated. This was in last December. The enterprise was a "grand suc-cess"; but one thing turned,  out un-fortunately. A fine tapestry rug, with a picture painted' on it repre-senting a love scene, was raffled oft,. and was won by a saloon. keeper: He might make use of the tapestry to,  ornament his saloon, so the church,  people realized, and of course this would never do. So the saloon keeper was approach-ed by one Mr. Miller, and aŁ bargain made whereby the former parted with his tapestry for the sum ofia5. Rut not long afterward the- saloon keeper learned that his tapestry, by virtue of the painting upon it, was valued at $75; and then, as it is reported, he used "some powerful language," and going to Mr. Miller he offered the $5 and demanded the return of the,  tapestry. Mr. Miller declined; and now the decision of Justice Neu, into whose hands the matter came, awards the tapestry to the saloon keeper, who will display his trophy where he sees fit. This is much to the disappoint-ment of the church people; but they may console themselves with the re-flection that the point of the rightful claim of the State to the possession of the article for violation of the anti-gambling law, which was raised by one of the attorneys, and would have been a heavy blow to church lotter-ies, was not sustainedby the court. 