II Ł . . . . I. ,t Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion; religious- or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MAY. 14, 1891. NUMBER 20. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOOTATIC EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc BEE. THE religious teaching of the children must be left in the hands of parents, friends, Christians. Were the State to undertake to teach religion, in this coun-try, as the majority are Christians, she would teach Christianity. Then the State would have to require every teacher to be an active and earnest Christian. If this were not dOne, there would be many schools in charge of persons having no interest in religion, and no power to awaken interestŁ in it. But who would go so far toward the union of Church and State, as to have the latter sit in judg-ment on the religious character of a large number of its servants ? Surely the result of such inquisition and patronage would, in the end, be evil to all concerned. Let us have no State religion in our public schools; there is a better and safer way;ŠRev. T. D. Peake. BEFORE there is any Chicago Fair open, the demand is made that' it close on the Sabbath. As there' are two days recog-nized as the day of religious rest, each by good Christian bodies, which is to have the preference ? The seventh-day people have as many rights as the first-day, and the Government has just as much right to protect the conscientious scruples of the one as the other. As a matter of his-tory and of fact the seventh-day folks have the best of the argument, though the great mass of indifferent people are not particular Which day is kept, so that there is a darkept. In all other countries there is no harm taken by keeping such an ex- hibit open on Sunday. On the continent of Europe, Sunday is election day. In Ireland, at present, Sunday is the day of campaign speeches, and priests think it no evil, after their clerical duties, to do a bit of work on -the stump.ŠSan Francisco Alta. The Original Parens Patrice in its Prac-tical Workings. THE principles of sovereignty and pater-nalism announced for the United States Government by the Supreme Court in the decision which was discussed last week, are of more consequence to the American people at this time than appears in the mere enunciation of the principles; though in that, as we have seen, there is accom-plished, as far as the Court can go, ,a total revolution in the principles of government which were established by the makers of the American Union. This can be more clearly illustrated by following the lead suggested by the Court. 'It will be re-membered that the Court cited Rome as one of the authorities for the position which was taken in the decision; and by a brief examination of the Roman govern-mental system, in its principle and in its workings, in connection with certain claims and movements which are becoming quite popular in this country, the full meaning of that decision can be more clearly dis-cerned. In the Roman system the government was supreme, absolute, paternal, and di-vine. " The idea of the State was the highest idea of ethics; and within that was included all actual realization- of the highest good; hence the development, of all other goods pertaining to humanity was made dependent on this."--Neander. Man with all that he had was subordinated to the State; he must have no higher aim than to be a servant of the State; he must seek no higher good than that which the State could bestow. " The first principles of their law was the paramount right of the State over the citizen. Whether as head of a family, or as proprietor, he had  no natural rights of his own; his privileges were created by the law as well as defined by it. The State, in the plenitude of her power, delegated a portion of her own irresponsibility to the citizen, who satisfied the conditions she required, in order to become the parent of her children; but at the same time she demanded of him the sacrifice of his free agency to her own rude idea of political expediency,"ŠMeri-vale. It is very evident that in such a system there was no place for individuality. The individual was a part of the State. There was no such thing as the rights of the,.. people. The right of the State only was to be considered and that was to be con-sidered absolute. " The more distinguished a Roman became, the less, was he a free man. The -omnipotence of the law, the despotism of the rule drove him into a narrow circle of thought and action, and his credit and influence depended on the sad austerity of his life. The whole duty of man, with the humblest and greatest of the Romans, was to keep his house in order, and be the obedient servant of the State."ŠMommsen. Thus every Roman citizen was a subject and every Roman subject was a slave. It would be difficult to conceive of a system of government whose principles were more radically opposed to those of the United States, than were these. As the State was paternal the Emperor was father of the people; and as such he gave to the people land, he fed" them, he gave them money, in short he dealt with them as a father with his children. But even before there was an emperor this principle was the principle of the govern-ment. The only change from the times before the emperors, to the times of the emperors, was that in the imperial au-thority there was merged in one man that which before pertained to the government composed of the senate, consulate, and tribunate. In the days of Tiberius Gracchus, B. C. 133, the public lands were leased by the government to capitalists. And. although 