AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 Modern Samaritans. "They did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem." Luke 9:53. THERE are two gospels; there have always been two; the one is the gospel of love,Šsuch an one Christ preached; the other is the gospel of forceŠof hate. Once when the blessed Master was on earthŠan ill-treated Guest among his brethrenŠhe journeyed.  with his disciples toward Jerusalem. Evidently he intended to go up to this famous city of the Jews to meeting. So he sent some of his disciples on ahead to prepare him a place. These messengers stopped at a little village of the Samaritans, and informed the people that Jesus was coming, and they would better prepare for him. But the sensitive villagers mistrusted from all ap-pearance that the great Healer was originally intending to go to JerusalemŠthe city of the hated JewsŠand that he intended to worship there. They had been brought up from childhood to believe that this was an altogether wrong procedure. They did not think God would hear a man if he worshiped in Jerusalem. So they made the fearful mistake of their lives,Šthey refused to entertain the Majesty of heaven. Suppose he did determine to go to Jerusalem. What then? Ought they to refuse the courtesies due a stranger because he differed from them in religious belhf? Why be angry about it? Would this course be at all apt to convince himŠsupposing him to be in errorŠof the mis-take he was making? Had he not a perfect right to go over to Jerusalem to worship if he chose? It is quite evident that the National Reformer is not a product of the nineteenth century alone. "No sir," they reasoned, "we will not entertain anybody in our houses who sympathizes with those fellows over in Jeru-salem. Of course it is customary for travelers to expect entertainment, and we Eastern people always have prided ourselves on our hospitality; but this thing we cannot endure. Neither this man nor his company be-lieve as we do. We can't very well force them to; but this we can do: we can boycott themŠevery one of them Šand we will. We will refuse even to let them enter our city." "0," you say, "I couldn't have donethat! think what those Samaritans lostŠthe wonderful privilege of enter- taining as an honored Guest, the Son of the Infinite." Yes; they lost a great deal. So does every one who does essentially the same thing. There are a good many ways in which we may act to-day as those Samaritans did almost nineteen hundred years ago. Deacon A says to Elder B (Deacon A is Elder B's right hand man in church matters), "I heard to-day that John Blank is quite sick and needs help. But I think it's well to remember that the apostle said we were to do good, 'especially to them that are of the household of faith,' and so I thought I wouldn't trouble myself about him. He attends that little church on the corner. I've seen him working in his shop before now all day on Sun-day, and I don't consider that he belongs 'to the house-hold of faith.' So I let him alone entirely. Am I not right, elder?" "Let's see," says Elder B. "That's the fellow who keeps the little store over in Green's Alley? He belongs to that poor little sect who make it a point to dishonor the Lord's day. Yes, you are right, Brother A; we better let them alone entirely. If we aid them in any way, we are only encouraging them in their evil. They don't worship as we do, nor where we do, nor when we do. They keep the old Jewish Sabbath. I suppose if they were near Jerusalem, they'd go there to worshipŠand we don't believe in worshiping over in Jerusalem. No, we will none of them. Of course we must have a little sport about themŠthey're so strangeŠa queer set. Some of them called on my wife the other day, but she didn't go to the door; we didn't care to receive them." Ah, Brother B; that's the way the Samaritans felt when Christ was going to call on them. They wouldn't "go to the door," either. They lost a great deal. Per-haps you lost something also. The Samaritans were for-getful to entertain strangers,Šso were you. They al-lowed the preconceived notions and prejudices of their unregenerate heart to cause them to turn from their door the Saviour of the world. You have allowed the same reasons to influence you in your treatment of the purchase of his bloodŠthe priceless souls for whom he died. Are you not both guilty? (Concluded next week.) MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 14. "ALECK, Paul must have experienced some strange emotions as he turned away from the walls of Damascus in the darkness and journeyed back to Jerusalem. What a complete change of purpose had taken place; for he returned to the place of the martyrdom of Stephen and the death of Christ, no longer a mad persecutor, but a subdued brother and fervent disciple. But then, Aleck, 