146 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. honor to ,other- days which he has never approved? Have they reasons for this which it is certain the Creator will accept? "Sundays Excepted." A SPEAKER at the "Christian Citizenship" meeting in Washington, February 28, contended that the words "Sundays excepted" in that clause of the Constitution which relates to the signing of bills by the President, were sufficient to demonstrate that Sunday observance is Constitutional and therefore not un-American. These words of the Constitution, however, afford no basis whatever for an enforced olservance of Sunday. The most that can be deduced from them is an acknowl-edgment of the President's right to rest on Sunday from his official work. He is granted a certain length of time in which to consider bills passed by Congress before affixing his signature thereto, and in order to avail him-self of the full limit, he would be obliged to do such work on Sunday were that day not designated as an exception. Were the words "Sundays excepted" left out, the pro-vision would simply amount to the statement that the President has nine days in which to consider the said bills, unless he should be a man devoid of religious scru-ples, which would be rarely if ever the case. But the framers of the Constitution designed that, the President should have ten daysŠnot nine daysŠin any case, and accordingly made this allowance for conscientious scru-ples against Sunday work. No one claims that mere Sunday observance, in obe-dience to the dictates of conscience, is unconstitutional or un-American. Neither also is it Constitutional; for what is Constitutional is established in the supreme law of the land. It is simply outside the sphere of the Con-stitution; and that instrument does not undertake to regulate it in any way. If the President wishes to exam_ ine bills on Sunday, there is nothing in the Constitution to prevent him; and he is equally free to observe that day as the Sabbath if he believes that he ought to do so. But compulsory Sunday observance is another thing altogether. That is not sanctioned by the Constitution in any way. That can be secured only by religious legis-lation, which is forbidden so far as the provisions of the Constitution extend, and is totally un-American and un-Christian. The Spirit of It. THE spirit of the traffic represented by the saloon is strikingly shown in the following words reported as having been spoken by an official of the Ohio Liquor League, at a recent meeting of that body:Š " It will appear from these facts, gentlemen, that the success of our business is dependent largely upon the cre-ation of appetite for drink. Men who drink liquor, like others, will die, and if there is no new appetite created,  our counters will be empty,ias will be our coffers. Our children will go hungry, or we must change our business Ł to that of some other more remunerative. "The open field for the Creation of this appetite is among the boys. After men havegrown and their habits are formed, they rarely ever change in this regard. It will be needful, therefore, that missionary work be done among the boys,, and. I make the suggestion, gentlemen, that nickels expended in treats to the boys now, will return in dollars to your tills after the appetite has been formed. Above all things, create appetite." The Union Signal, of January 28, prints the above, and adds : " Such a statement seems absolutely fiendish; and yet, whether spoken or unspoken, the fact remains that the traffic exists only by recruits from among the boys. ' Wanted, a hundred thousand boys,' must be the constant motto of this infamous business, that a few maygrow rich and their children live in luxury while their patrons go down to the lowest depths of degradation and poverty." Yet the Union Signal favors a Sunday-closing law, by which this hideous Moloch would have legal authority for the propagation of his awful work; for it cannot be denied that a Sunday-closing law means legal sanction _ of the saloon on other days of the week. How can Chris-tians advocate any compromise with this evil? How can Christianity compromise with anything that is "fiend-ish"? Why should there be a Sunday law for the liquor traffic, any more than a Sunday law for murder? Sabbath Observance Convention at Lancaster, Pa. THE annual convention of the " Lancaster County Sabbath Association," was held February 4, at Lancas-ter, Pa. The session was devoted to a general discussion of topics relating to Sunday observance, and a number of resolutions on the subject werepresented and passed in the usual manner. The points embodied in the resolutions were that,- 1. The Sabbath is an institution of divine origin, of universal and perpetual obligation, declared both in nature and revelation; and has been transferred by divine authority from the seventh to the first day of the week. 2. Beyond all doubt the Lord's day is fast becoming secularized in the entire country. 3. The Republic can be perpetuated only upon the eternal principles of the gospel, and by heeding the com-mand to keep holy the Sabbath day. 4. The Sabbath was given for spiritual development as well as bodily rest, and the Sunday newspaper does not conduce to spiritual development and should there-. fore be shunned. 5. There should be no Sunday traffic and excursions to deprive workingmen of Sunday rest. 6. The Mayor of Lancaster ought to issue a procla-mation stopping all Sunday business and the crying of 