52 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. their lives, that it is required ef them to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath-day. Now, shall these Christians, professing the name of Christ, obey the mandates of self-righteous men who pre-sume to say, This day shalt thou keep ' ? or shall they obey the `voice' within their own souls ? " The advocates of this bill say, Obey this law which we have made,' and think by this means to build up a Christian Nation. Will any forced observance of moral law be accepted of God, or accounted unto the doer for righteousness ? The temple was built of free-will offerings only. Can we raise up a Nation of Christians by simply com-pelling an outward semblance of religion ? " We might say there is nothing to prevent any-one from keeping the seventh day if they want to do so, but we must remember that their pecuniary circumstances may not be such as to permit them to observe both days as days of rest. "Again, one might suppose that the clause, 'to the disturbance of others,' so limited the operation of the law as to render it less harmful; but when we remember the bitter persecutions of Friends for acts in themselves quiet and peaceable, we cannot doubt that very many religious fanatics will be very easily disturbed by any observance of a day not strictly in accord with their views. "In regard to the other point, it would at first seem as though we would all unite on a willing-ness to have the principles of the Christian re-ligion taught in the public schools; but who is to decide precisely what constitutes the essentials of the Christian religion or its principles ? "The highest civil tribunal is the Supreme Court. Can that body decide the question so as to satisfy the Catholic and Protestant, or even the various sects among the latter ? An attempt to unite the Church and State has always proved dis-astrous. Turn back the pages of history, and we shall find that the bloodiest wars that have stained our annals were waged in support of religious be-lief'. Recall what the early Friends suffered, com-paratively a short time ago, in order to maintain liberty of conscience.' The spirit of intolerance is only sleeping. Would we, as Friends, be satis-fied to have any body of men decide what our children should be taught as the Christian re-ligion' ? Many of the warmest advocates of these measures utter the most severe denunciations of all religions not in harmony with theinown, show-ing a spirit that would crucify the Christ within their brother's soul; while professing to follow his. voice, speaking in their own. Woe unto you, hypocrites!' "It was through the influence of a Friend that liberty of conscience was secured by our Constitu-tion, and they have always stood foremost in the fight when it has been assailed, and we take this means of calling everyone to the duty of the hour, reminding one and all that eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.' " While using every effort to prevent the taking of this step in the wrong direction, we would not be understood as denouncing, personally, the author of the measure, or the signers of the peti-tions, or 'their motives; but even great and good men make very grave mistakes, and it is the duty of each one of us to guard with exceeding care this priceless gift of God unto the children of men, both from the attack of enemies and the harmful abuse of overzealous friends. "No one could be more desirous than we to s-e the day when Christ shall rule the world, but this proposed step-  is a retrograde movement, and when one of its supporters would say, The Government has the right to command the consciences of men,' it is full time to call a halt. "This is the first step. The second would be to secure the erasure of the word " principles; " and the next, the insertion of the name of that re-ligion holding the balance of power. "Ah, friends, it would be impossible to fully com-prehend the danger until we are caught within its toils. " May our Father in Heaven guide and pro- tect us." F. M. R. Pennsylvania Sunday Law. THE following petition to the Pennsylvania Legislature has been widely circulated by the Philadelphia "Sabbath Association," and kin-dred organizations:Š "The undersigned, citizens of Pennsylvania, re-spectfully represent that great advantages have ac-crued to the public and private interests of the people of this State, from the operation of the laws upon our statute-books in relation to the observance of the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, and they therefore pray your honorable body that no act be passed that will in any way impair the efficiency of the laws which now secure to the toiler his needed weekly rest." In order that all may know the "efficiency" of the Pennsylvania Sunday law, we give it here-with. It was enacted April 22, 1794, and is as follows :Š "If any person shall do or perform any worldly employment or business whatsoever on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday (works of necessity and charity only excepted), shall use or practice any unlawful game, hunting, shooting, sport or diversion whatsoever, on the same day, and be con-victed thereof, every such person so offending shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay four dollars, to be levied by distress; or in case he or she shall refuse or neglect to pay the said sum, or goods or chattels cannot -be found whereof to levy the same by distress, he or she shall suffer six days' imprison-ment in the house of correction of the proper county: "Provided always, That nothing herein con-tained shall be construed to prohibit the dressing of victuals in private families, bake-houses, lodging-houses, inns, and other houses of entertainment for the use of sojourners, travelers, or strangers, or to hinder watermen from landing their passengers, or ferrymen from carrying over the water travelers, or persons removing with their families on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, nor the delivery of milk, or the necessaries of life, before nine of the clock in the forenoon, nor after five of the clock in the afternoon of the same clay. "Provided always, That every such prosecution shall be commenced within seventy-two hours-after the offense shall be committed." That is the law entire. The following, from "Sergeant and Rawle's Reports," vol. 3, page 47, states the bearing which the law has upon those who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. Let the reader reconcile it, if he can, with the statement so commonly made that Sunday laws are solely in the interest of public health, that the workingman may obtain needed physical rest :Š "A conviction for doing worldly business on the Sabbath under the act of the 22d of April, 1794, is good if it follows the form prescribed in the law, though it does not state the time when or the place where the work was done, or the nature of it. "The proper mode of proceeding for this offense is by conviction, not by gui tam action. Persons professing the Jewish religion, and others who keep the seventh day as their Sabbath, are liable to the penalty imposed by the law for this offense." Accepting the statement that Sunday laws are solely for the benefit of the workingman, that he may recruit his wasted physical energies, can any-body tell us why the workingman who observes the seventh day as the Sabbath should require twice as much rest as his fellow-laborers who do not observe the seventh day ? But read the following, on the same subject, from " Penns'ylvania State Deports," by Barr, pp. 312, 313:Š " The first section of the act of the 22d of April, 1794, prohibiting the performance of any worldly employment or business on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday, works of necessity or charity only excepted, is not in conflict with the 3d section of the 9th article of the constitution of Pennsyl-vania, and is constitutional. "Members of a society or sect, who conscien-tiously observe and keep the seventh day of the week as the Christian Sabbath, are, upon convic-tion for violating the first day of the week, or Sun-day, by working or performing any worldly em- ployment, amenable to the penalties inflicted by the act of the Assembly. "The first section of the act of the 22d of April, 1794, only selects and sets apart the first day of the week, or Sunday, as a day of legalized rest, and enforces the observance thereof by legal sanctions, and is, essentially, but a civil regulation made for the government of a man as a member of society." It no doubt satisfies the consciences of National Reformers and their allies, to call the law only a civil regulation made for the government of man as a member of society. By that form of words they can persuade themselves, if they care to, that it is not religious legislation, and then they can drive ahead, and indulge in all the persecution for conscience's sake that they please. It is worthy of note that the Christian Statesman some time ago warned the people that efforts would be made this winter to repeal or modify this law, and urged them to resist any such attempt. This it did with the full knowledge that cruel persecution had al-ready been carried on under it. People who think, and who care to look closely, can see be-neath the mask of National Reform the features of the Papacy. Who Is Sufficient for These Things? IT appears to be a popular thing in some quar-ters to demand that Christianity be taught in public schools. It seems that the Christian min-istry, Sunday-schools, and home training, and the-ological seminaries, have all made more or less of a failure in their work,Šhave to a certain extent missed their calling, or something of the sort,Šand some other kind of machinery must be rigged up, so that the great work of the gospel will not be a failure all around. That was a brill-iant thought of Senator Blair's. It is hardly original, however, with him; somebody else, it is likely, furnished the raw material, so to speak, and the Senator spent his genius upon it, and the result was the Educational Amend-ment Bill. It has occurred to the writer that the instruct-ors in the "free public schools" sought to be "established," will have to possess certain qualifi-cations which the average public school-master or school-mistress does not now have. If a person sets up to teach anatomy, and physiology, and geology, and other branches, he must have some knowl-edge of them. The more practical the knowledge, the better the instruction. Will the coming public teacher be a graduate in theology ? If so, where will he earn his diploma? "The principles of the Christian religion" are the principal doctrines of Christianity,Šfaith, repentance, baptism, resurrection, etc. See Heb. 6: 1, 2. The churches and theological schools differ, some of them essentially, on all these great themes of the gospel, and there would be danger of spreading theological confusion all through our schools; the poor children would hardly know what to believe, and until some understanding could be had, would probably believe nothing. This would, under the circumstances, be a wise decision. One teaching the five points of Calvinism, and an-other free grace and conditional salvation, and another adult baptism, and another infant sprink-ling, and still another telling that no water at all is necessaryŠone teaching the tenets of the in- fallible church, and that divine honors are due to the Virgin Mary, and another teaching that such instruction is all superstitionŠwould make bad work. The various churches would have to get together and agree to teach those things only which are common to all. This might be done, 