MI:RICAN SENTINEL- 233 the head first, they must have the exceeding desirableness of contact with civilization pounded into them with good big cannon balls before they appreciate it fully. Thus, they are taught to buy clothing and other things of which they were not previously aware that they were in any need. It often happens, too, that civilized nations get to quarreling over the question of which of them is entitled to the glory and plunder involved in the exten-sion of "a sphere of influence" over territory occupied by persons unfamiliar with dynamite cartridges and Maxim guns; and this competition can never be settled, once it arises, without at least a show of force. Thus is "trade" indefinitely extended, and Manchester and Liv-erpool and London wax exceeding rich in consequence. It is an old story. The merchants sent the English army to India, and landed the French troops in Madagascar. IN exchange for the " protection " thus afforded, and the opportunity given him of gratifying his instincts of accumulation, the professional trader is willing to dis-burse a certain percentage of his profits for the support of an idle and vicious aristocracy; and an army and navy, as already indicated, are as essential to the prose-cution of his activities abroad as the police are at home. IT needs no very deep penetration to discover many evidences that the ascendancy of the money power in human affairs which so strongly marks the present phase of history, threatens seriously to undermine the path of democracy, and to stifle the passion for individ-ual freedom. Men to whom the heaping up of riches is the chief, if not the sole aim of life, are not likely to spend much time or thought on the deeper problems of politics. What thdy mainly desire is to be let alone. Besides this, they have no particular interest in affairs of State, except when they are after '`protection." The British free trader really demands this of his rulers just as the Amer-ican manufacturer claims it at the hands of the Federal Government. The only difference is in the form of pro-tection that is demanded. The Englishman says, "Send out the ships and the soldiers, that I may be protected while I am selling my goods against the clubs and assegais of those savage fellows, and that they may be compelled to purchase of me." The American says, "Put a tariff on such goods as I make, so that my fellow-citizens may be compelled to buy from me at my own price, or go without." BUT, after he has gotten his protection, the average trader ceases to concern himself seriously about the pub-lic administration. Liberty, equality, fraternity, econ-omy, cleanliness in office, possess but little-Interest for him., These matters, indeed, are rather bores than other-wise. He grudges every moment, he gives Ł to them, every cent he is called upon to spend on them. Hence arises  the " boss " in the United States, and hence are main-tained the aristocracies of Europe. These take the trouble of political matters off of the money-gatherers' hands. They rob him, and he knows it; but he "charges up to profit and loss" what they take from him, and counts on getting it all back with less trouble and more agreeably than if he stood up aŁnd fought about it. They encroach on his personal liberty and personal standing in many directions, and he does not complain, so long as he is allowed full play for his bump of acquisitive-ness, and even aided in its development. It is a serious situation that is here feebly described. Humanity seems in danger of betrayal in the house of its former friends. If the men who are gifted with the faculty of "getting along" in the world of their own ability shall, in the mass, reach the conclusion that they can get along better under tyranny than under democracy, and sink so low as to act on that conclusion, "it will be freedom herself proclaiming that freedom is a chimera, it will. be  liberty ringing her own knell all over the globe." "Ill fares that land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates, and men decay." OF a verity, this age of ours is organization- and convention-mad. Nothing can be done without a con-vention. If a man wants to spell differently from nearly everybody else, he hunts up a lot of spirits worse than himself in this regard, and straightway we have a "spelling-reform convention." If somebody makes up his mind to endeavor to be a Christian, he puts forth a public announcement of the fact, and we wake up in the morning to find a "Christian Endeavor Convention" in session. When the exceeding wickedness of Sunday base-ball suddenly dawns on a hitherto placid mind, a " Law and Order League" meets and organizes without more ado. A young fellow is shocked at the information that some of his acquaintances are not as good as they should be, let us say, and a " White Ribbon League" is born instanter of his teeming brain. A parent is per-haps smitten with the consciousness of neglected duty towards her children, and the only way she can think of to atone for her default is to start a "movement" for " a Congress of Mothers " at Washington city. After some earnest soul reaches the settled conviction that strings are preferable to buttons for fastening one's shoes, or vice versa, beyond a doubt we shall read a stirring call for all who believe in strings, or all who believe in buttons, as the case may be, to assemble in mass-meeting, and organize, and advocate an amend-ment to the Federal Constitution to meet the exigencies of the "reform." THE latest and most amusing manifestation of the convention madness (mania con veniensis, in the language of alienism) is the proposition for a mass-meeting of "good people," in order to form a "Good Citizenship League," with branches all over the country, and witha 