198 AMERICAN SENTINEL.' of the people in a village can be brought, lay any means whateverŠsuch as those just namedŠto say that they are Roman Catholics, the church in the village, although built_exclusively by and for a Protestant congregation, and always aided by grants from the London Missionary Society, can be_ taken for Roman Catholic worship, and the Protestants expelled. This has been done, and the priests are hoping by this clever contrivance that num-bers of our Protestant churches will pass into their hands. And from what has been said as to the means used to terrorize the people, it will be easily seep how easy it is to get the majority of the people in a villageŠnumbers of whom never attended any place of worshipŠto profess themselves to be Roman Catholics. In some villages the priest has gone from house to house with two books to write down the people's names, telling them that all written as Roman Catholics in the one will be perfectly safe, while those in the other will be exposed to all sorts of danger and suspicion. Are any words needed to explain what effect such a proceeding must have upon a large number of weak and still very igno-rant people? The result has been that in large villages where, until quite lately, there has never been a single Roman Catholic, the whole congregation has been forced to say that they have ' quite voluntarily given up Protestantism.' "Things are even worse in the Southern province of Betsileo than here in Imerina. Such influences have been brought to bear by the Resident there and the priests that almost all the native officers and governors have been obliged to become Catholics, while a few have made a compromise by joining the Norwegian Lutheran Mis-sion, which is not so obnoxious to the authorities as that of the English Protestants. Another severe blow at the London Missionary Society there is the summary order given to almost all the Hova evangelists and teachers (as well as many who have nothing to do with this prov-ince) to immediately leave the work, which many of them have been engaged in for years, and to come up here to Imerina. After only a very few days' notice, from three to five, they were obliged to sell all their property and houses, at considerable loss, and leave their people. None of the NorwegianŁor Roman Catholic teachers, how-ever, have,  been disturbed. One English missionary has been twice turned out of his house on the excuse that it was either required for government service, or that the owner dared not let it to an English missionary. Reli-gious liberty is at present unknown in the Be'tsileo prov-ince Did space permit, every one of the statements given above could be abundantly substantiated by detailed facts and written proofs. . . "It may be said, in conclusion, that some French commandants have tried loyally to act uprightly and impartially in religious matters, but many others, as already stated, have willingly or unwillingly be-come the tools of the Jesuits in their strenuous at-tempts to terrorize the Protestants into becoming Ro-man ists." And what Rome is in Madagascar, she is in principle, and at heart, in these United.  States. THE Pope continues to feel a deep interest, as he says, in all the people of America, Protestant and Catholic alike. At an audience given March 22, in which he re-ceived and expres'sed himself as much pleased with the  worship of one hundred sailors of the U. S. cruiser San Francisco, he said:Š "I am pleased to grant an audience to American sailors, as a testimonial of my paternal esteem and- affec-tion for the whole American people, who are always dear to my-heart and for whom I have never ceased and never shall cease to pray God, who by providential signs does now manifest and in the future will manifest His good will to America even as does His vicar. Continue your voyage. Treasure as a happy souvenir of it this au-dience. May God guard you amid the storms of the ocean." 4  Prohibition vs. Sunday Closing. RECENTLY a vote on the question of prohibiting liquor saloons was taken in the city of Oakland, Cal.. the result being that prohibition was defeated by quite a decisive majority. An analysis of the vote, however, de-velops the interesting fact that prohibition would have won the day had it received the support of the vote in favor of Sunday closing. Upon this point an Oakland journal comments as follows :Š " In this election it has been demonstrated again, as it was in previous movements, that Sunday closing of saloons is not a temperance issue. The advocates of Sunday closing persistently claimed before the election that had the issue been for Sunday closing it could be carried; and now they are equally sure that it could have been carried, while the true temperance issue of closing saloons all the time was defeated. Thus they virtually concede that it was the Sunday-closing element that defeated the true temperance proposition. A com-mittee of ladies canvassed the city before the election, and reported that over 5,000 voters were pledged to vote in favor of the proposition to close all the time; but the count of votes after the election shows that at least 1,300 of them either voted against closing or did not vote on that proposition at all. " The campaign was carried on quite enthusiastically. yet with a stultifying reluctance expressed by every prominent speaker in the sentiment, `This fight was forced upon us.' They all admitted that they were pre-pared fora Sunday-closing campaign, and were chagrined at being obliged to contend for closing up the evil places all the time. From first to last they held up the dire results of the open saloon, yet were unsparing in their censure of the men whom they charged with having forced them to contend for its entire abolition. Bad as the saloon was represented to be, these professed temper-ance advocates emphasized their regret that the issue had not been one of compromise with the evil thing by allowing it to operate six days in the week. Thus they stultified their otherwise able efforts from beginning to end. "The Tribune, which gave liberal support to the temperance cause, sums up the situation in a very logical manner, from which we take the following :Š " 'The fight was by no means an equal one. The liquor dealers are a strong and active body of men and have been organized for years. They have studied the art of politics and are familiar with all its methods. . . 