140 A-10'1.1bATUICA_INT Von. 10, No. 18. tion to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." This all lacketh not perspicuity. It says just the very contrary to what Cardinal Gib-bons has propounded as the right position on this question, to what Ireland, Wash. Hesing, and many other papal orators and writers have palmed off as Catholic doctrine and practice, have been trying to make the American people believe. Excuse the harsh expression but it is in harmony with the facts. These men have either made these " liberal " utterances on their part in opposition to their better convictions, knowing themselves to be saying an untruth, or they have made them in good faith, not knowing themselves what their chief, since hoary times has taught and wished and done. In either case they have been strewing sand into the eyes of their fellow-citizens of a different faith. For their pope and his " church " does not approve of the separation of Church and State; he does not consider this status the ideal; he does not wish nor does he want it to remain so. His ideal is not the liberty of the church in the State, but the control of the church over the State. He does not demand equal privileges for his sect, but exclusive privileges. What he means by " the constitutions of States and legislation " are " to be modeled in the principles of the true church," whereof he spoke in the year 1885, is according to his present declaration of the year 1895 nothing else but this: The American Catholics should do all in their power to cause such a union of. Church and State in these United States, whereby the Romish Church would enjoy " the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." The Roman hierarchy in this country is con-sequently to endeavor by all means at her dis-posal to make of, these United States a Catho-lic country, in which the authorities and the nation are to bow in humble obeisance before the pope and acknowledge him as the visible vicar of Christ on earth. And therefore the latest papal encyclical deserves general and serious consideration. So far the passage adduced and commented on by us has been almost generally overlooked by the daily press, or, at the very best, done away with by a few sarcastic remarks. Still other papers, even outspoken anti-Catholic ones, make no mention whatever of it, or try to silence it altogether. But they do not con-sider that here we have a papal utterance before us, that may become of vast conse-quence to our country. Woe be to our nation should the seed strewn by the pope fall on fruitful soil and bring forth fruit! Then the liberty we now enjoy would be totally and forever destroyed. It is therefore in our opinion high time for all who truly have at heart the welfare of their country to seriously consider the Romish question and examine and weigh it in all of its parts. We ourselves intend prying into this important matter yet more deeply. WE commend Governor Turney on his action in pardoning the Seventh-day Advent-ists who have been serving sentences in the Rhea County jail for Sabbath breaking, and recommend his example to our County Court should further occasion arise.ŠDayton ( Tenn.,) Republican, April 19. Ł Allo. GOVERNOR TURNEY did a good act the other day when he pardoned the five Seventh-day Adventists, including the Principal of the closed academy and his first assistant, who were imprisoned at Dayton jail for doing what they believe to be. right.ŠSouthern En-terprise, Deer Lodge, Tenn., April 18. A PETITION For the Relief of the Persecuted Under the Sunday Law. ( Concluded.) [Under the above head ex-Senator Win. P. Tolley, of Tennessee, has petitioned for the repeal of the Ten-nessee Sunday law. The following are selected para-graphs from the able document ] IT is easy enough for the man who believes it morally wrong to work on Sunday to "rest" on that day. It is quite as easy for him to insist on his neighbor " resting ' at the same time, and even for him to compel his neighbor to "rest" by the enforcement of this,law, all on account of his religious belief on. the sub-ject. But how is it with the other, two reli-gious classes described in this paper ? Sev-enth-day observers are required by their con-sciences to refrain from work on the seventh day of the week, commonly called Saturday, and to work on the other six. But this law compels them to also cease from work on the first day of the week, thus robbing them of one-sixth of their time. And yet there is no exemption lodged anywhere in our civil code from their full share with the others in all the burdens of government, the payment of taxes, military duty, working the public highways, etc. The man who believes in neither day as a Sabbath or holy day is equally oppressed with the seventh-day believer, under this law. He is robbed of one-seventh of his time, or compelled to refrain from work out of deference to a religious institution in which he does not believe. It is as much a matter of conscience with him as with those who believe in that institution. Can there be any legal justice in this discrimination as between sects or classes? Is the Sundatorian so much better citizen than those of the other two classes as that he must be thus favored by the law? It may be safely said for the latter they have no superiors in the State for peace and order and prompt-itude in discharging all the obligations of citi-zenship. The law of absurdities is that one absurdity necessarily leads to another. The absurdity of assuming that the adult citizen is not capa-ble of deciding when he is tired and how much rest he requires, and that the State must de-termine this strictly private and individual matter for him, could but lead to the equal absurdity of assuming that one' man's rest de-pends upon others resting at the same time, and that therefore there must be a uniform day of rest for all fixed by law. That one man's rest necessarily depends upon others resting at the same, time he does presupposes a sort of Siamese-twin connection between them, an inter-communication between their muscu-lar and nervous systems, everybody knows does not exist. No reason less absurd than this can be assigned for any sort of dependence of one man's rest upon another's, physical rest purely being the thing under consideration. It is absolutely inconceivable how a man's rest can at any time depend upon another resting at the same time. If this assumption is true of the first day of the week, then it must be equally true, if not more so, of rest at night. The latter is evidently the time fixed by nature for rest to man and beast. There is nothing in all nature suggesting any day in the seven as a day of rest. It were far more reasonable for the State to prescribe that all its citizens should take so many hours of rest every night, all resting the same number of hours at the same time, than to prescribe any one of the seven days as a rest period for all. The reductio ad absurdum of all this is that the State's right of control would not stop short of regulating the most delicate family affairs between husband and wife look- ing to the number and healthfulness of mem-bers of succeeding generations. The apprehension of some that the merchant or tradesman or other person who believes in Sunday holiness would be put at a disadvantage in the competition of his particular line of business if others were not-  required by law to close their places of business on the day his conscience requires him to so close, in no wise militates against the repeal of the law. It is not the business of the State to regulate com-petition between business competitors. Nor can it interpose to save any man from the consequences in such competition of his reli-gious opinions. It can only put all men on the same footing before the law and give them an equal chance in the race of life. This equality for the believer in Sunday holiness would not necessarily be disturbed by the ab-sence of a law compelling others to close on his day. It would only leave the matter of conscience free and untrammeled by law as the Constitution certainly intended it should be. This closing on Sunday would be altogether voluntary and out of deference to his con-science, while the closing by the others is in-voluntary and under legal compulsion. Be-sides, the factitious advantage that now enables him to compel his neighbor against his will to close on Sunday, certainly could be relied on to stand him in good stead in the compe-tition between them. If there is only a rea-sonable degree of sincerity and fidelity in all the pretense of Sunday holiness displayed on all hands, from which it seems a large major-ity of the people believe in it, he can safely rely upon that circumstance to give him his due share of public favor and patronage. Having closed his business on the day the public seem to hold in high favor, his com-petitors refusing to do so, he would certainly merit their preference, and thus he would be left by the repeal of the law to stand on the only ground which he has any right to ask the State to assure to him, his merits alone. But the proper conclusion to the whole matter in its civil or secular view is that no civil law or civil institution should be al-lowed to contravene the religious liberties or freedom of conscience of a single citizen. To deny such rights to an exceptional one, if such a ease could be, is but to assure their denial to others, and the final destruction of religious liberty to all. Surely our civilization has at-tained a higher development than that there should be any necessary conflict between its institutions and the enjoyment of full re-ligious liberty by every citizen. If it has not we have not so much to boast of in that par-ticular after all, certainly nothing to boast of over the pagan civilization of Greece and Rome. If it has not, then our fathers were mistaken in their conception of it when they gave us theŁfull measure of religious liberty set forth in the clause of our Constitution quoted early in this paper. To deny religious liberty full and untram-meled in this matter, as it is in most others, is a confession on the part of the believers in Sunday holiness that there is no religious vi-tality in it, no Bible authority for it. Other-wise they would be willing for it to stand upon its merits as all other religious contro-versy must stand. They would not require a civil law to sustain it, and that under a plea so manifestly intellectually dishonest as the plea that the Sunday law is only designed to sustain a civil institution. Repeal the law and leave the question of which day is. the Sabbath, or whether any is, to the realm of ecclesiastical disputation where it certainly belongs, and not to that of civil legislation or adjudication. The responsibility of adopting the civil plea for the Sunday law must have been shared 