162 AlMLISIBLICA.N lb<2.Nrr 1 NEMA., Vol,. 10, No. 21. these antichristian methods, for this is im-possible, since Pope Leo X. " infallibly " con-demned Luther's proposition that " to burn heretics is contrary to the will of the Holy Ghost," thus "infallibly" sanctioning the prac-tice of burning heretics. Again, Pope Pius IX., the immediate predecessor of the present pope, as late as 1851, "infallibly-" condemned the proposition, " The church has not the power of availing herself of force or any direct or indirect temporal power." No; the papacy has not disavowed and can-not disavow the methods used in the Middle Ages to secure the " unity of the faith," without destroying the doctrine ©f " infallibil-ity" which it has " infallibly " proclaimed. Why is it then that Leo XIII. now speaks to the English people with " the deep tones of sympathetic feeling " instead of with the deep-toned roar of Spanish cannon ? Since it cannot be because of a change in the papacy it must be because of a change in circumstances. Here lies the truth. When the Spanish Armada attempted the destruc-tion of Protestantism in England, the papacy controlled the greater part of western Europe. Spain was a great naval power, while England was much inferior in naval resources, with only about four million peo-ple. To-day the papacy is shorn of its tem-poral power, Spain though still Roman Cath-olic has lost its naval prestige, while England is the strongest naval power in the world. That Rome would do the same now as she did in the sixteenth century is also made evi-dent by present papal practices in Catholic countries. In Roman Catholic South AmerIca Protestant missionaries are persecuted. And when the Methodist ministers of Chicago pe-titioned Satolli a few months ago to petition the pope to secure religious liberty for Protes-tant missionaries in that country, Satolli coolly replied by sending them a copy of the pope's letter calling the governments and people of the world back into the Roman Catholic Church, thus in reality saying, "You can have religious freedom in Catholic South America only by joining the Catholic Church." Again, Protestant missionaries have been mobbed and driven from the Caroline Islands by Roman Catholics; and only a few weeks ago, Roman Catholic Spain peremptorily de-nied the request of the Government of the United States that American missionaries be allowed to return to the Caroline Islands. And almost simultaneously with the pope's letter to England, he sent one to Hungary commending the organization of a distinct Roman Catholic-political party with the object of securing the repeal of liberal 'measures recently passed in that country, placing all religious denominations on an equal footing before the law. But the pope, acting in that country in accordance with his recent encyc-lical to America, demands "in addition to liberty, the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." For these and other reasons that might be cited, the English people ought not to be deceived by this letter which the New York Sun's Rome correspondent, himself a Roman Catholic, says is written. " with delicate tact, in the most flattering tone," and " drawn at long sight" with " infinite ecclesistical ambition."  It is the papal policy to 'use force when in power, and flattery when seeking power; and it is- astonishing that so many Protestants are so credulous and short sighted as not to see in the flattery and the " deep-toned sympathy " of the pope, a deep-laid plot "-drawn at long sight," to regain the supremacy of the world. 4  This expression is used by the New York Sun's Roman Catholic correspondent, writing from Rome in that paper of May 5, in praise of the pope's letter to the English people. And it is only a false charity that would silence the cry of warning because the plottings of the pope for the world's supremacy are carried on with " delicate tact," instead of defiant temerity; with the " flattering tone," instead of the " Invincible Armada." May God save the Protestants of England and the world from being deceived by this siren song and flattering tone of the pope into com-promising with Rome. And may the same God save Roman Catholics themselves from the tyranny which will follow the triumph of their own system. To this end we labor and pray. Ł 1- Ł CIVIL LAW AND THE RIGHTS OF CON- SCIENCE. THE following letter from the editor of the American Monthly Microscopical Journal will be read with interest by all. Mr. Smiley's position is unique; he insists upon obedience to laws which he confesses are unjust. But his candid tone leaves no doubt of his entire sincerity; hence his views are entitled to re-spectful consideration :Š Washington, D. C., May 6, 1895. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: I have read carefully your issue of April 11, upon the Sunday question and freedom' of conscience. Your people ought not to overlook, as they do, that human laws are to be obeyed whether right or wrong by the people who choose to live under them. Society is dependent for its maintenance on the execution of the will of the majority as ex-pressed in laws. When those laws come into serious conflict with the views of certain citizens, as in the case of the Seventh-day Adventists ' and others, the liberty of conscience cannot rightfully be set up as a justification for breaking the laws. Your, only resort is to submit under protest or go away from a society which tolerates such oppressive laws and establish or find one that is not so. Take the Mormon doctrine of polygamy as parallel. Many Mormons hold as con-scientiously to plural marriages as you do to Saturday rest. But their religious views, however conscientious, cannot be set up as a defense for violating law (just or unjust is not the question at all). For my Own,  part I consider all Sabbath laws (Saturday or Sunday) as infringements of personal liberty and would gladly vote to abolish all such laws ; but while they exist they must be respected. To defy them is anarchy. Elder Colcord is an anarchist to the extent of defying one human law, and he can have no word to utter against' the thief who says and does steal conscien-tiously. Many now believe that property laws are contrary to God's laWs and could as conscientiously defy them as did the Adventists defy the Sunday law. I would join them in seeking to undo wicked laws of which we have hundreds, but So long as these infa-mous laws stand, Elder Colcord and the rest do wrong in violating them. He will not say that two wrongs make one right. If our nation is so foolish as to adhere to wicked laws, and it doubtless will to many of them, you and I owe it to humanity to go away, as did our forefathers, to a new land and establish an asylum for the oppressed of all peoples. America once was. To-day it is not. It is more cruel than France in its religious oppressions and is going to be worse than it is now after a few years. I hope you will submit these views to the calm and careful consideration of your readers, and cease to put your people forward as justified in violating (bad) laws. Yours truly, CHAS. W. SMILEY, Editor. Mr. Smiley's first proposition is more in keeping With the theory-of law and govern-ment that prevailed in Rome under the Caesars than with the principles of the Declaration of Independence. According to Mominsen. " the whole duty of man, with the humblest and greatest of Romans, was to keep his house in order, and be the obedient servant of the State." But the American theory of government makes the State the servant of the people, created by them for the conservation of their rights. The Declaration of Independence sets forth as a self-evident truth the proposition that all men are by their Creator endowed " with certain unalienable rights ;" and that " to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." Nor was this  conception of government and of human rights original with the framers of the Declaration of Independence. As quoted in this paper last week, Blackstone had, eleven years previous to the signing of the Declaration, published to the world a very similar statement of the same principle, in these words:Š Those rights whiclaiod and nature have established, and are therefore called natural rights, such as life and liberty, need not the aid of human laws to be more ef-fectually invested in every man than they are; neither do they receive any additional strength when declared by the municipal laws to be inviolable. An inalienable right cannot be destroyed or alienated by any law. It may be invaded by despotic power, its exercise may be denied, but it is none the less a right; and this has been recognized as pre8minently true of rights of conscience. January 19, 1829, the Senate of the United States adopted a report by the committee on post offices and post roads, in which this truth is set forth in the following stirring words:Š What other nations call religious toleration we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment cannot deprive any portion of citizens, how-ever small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them, Ł About a year later, March 5, 1830, the National House of Representatives concurred in a similar report from the House Committee on post offices and post roads, in tivhich occurs this passage:Š The framers of the Constitution recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above hirman legislation, and his rights of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms. It is this consciousness which in defiance of human laws, has sustained so many martyrs, in tortures and in flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to huinan enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn principle which nothing can eradicate. The bigot, in the pride of his authority, may lose sight of it; but strip him of his power, prescribe a faith to him which his conscience rejects, threaten him in turn with the dungeon and the fagot, and the spirit which God has implanted in him rises up in rebellion and-defies you. Observe that the Constitution did not create this right, but merely recognized it; therefore it exists wherever man exists, whether recog-nized or not by anybody. Constitutional law may deny it, statutory law may override it, as it does in Tennessee. but it is none the less a right, and he who through fear of consequences fails to assert this right and to exercise it, is disloyal alike to true manhood and to God who claims his highest allegiance. Thomas Jefferson, than whom no man ever better understood the principles of free gov- Ł ernment, said religion of every man must be left to the con-viction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. It is unalienable, because the opinions of men, depending only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other men. It is unalien-able, also, because what is here 'a right towards men is a duty towards the Creator. It is the duty of every man to render to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes to be acceptable to him, This duty is precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. Before any man can be considered as a member of civil soci-ety, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe. But even were the rights in question merely constitutional rights instead- of being as they are, both constitutional and natural rights, any invasion of them would still be a nullity, and the individual might still violate any law made in contravention of them without be-coming thereby an anarchist. Hon. James Brice, M. P., from Aberdeen, author of "The 