410 Ł AMERICAN SENTINEL_ maker dropped into his chair again, his face covered with tears, and sobbed himself back into slumber, grievously moaning, "my last pair of guilded shoesŠmy last pair of guilded shoes!" The genius of commerce was not the zeitgeist. AND as trade was no part of men's thoughts, to fight for it would have been considered quite as reprehensible as to live for it and work for it. Hence, wars, in order that they might be commended to the general approval, were always prosecuted under the guise and in the name of religion. There can be no doubt that the first crusade, at least, was quite sincerely organized through the influ-ence of a religious feeling. But it was by no means so with the last. One must read "The Laws of Civilization and Decay," a most remarkable work, which has lately and deservedly passed into a second edition, in order to fully appreciate the sordid and mercenary motives by which that great expedition was governed, and the as-tounding*atrocities to which it was driven by its control-ing impulse of greed and covetousness. There were good, honest, straightforward men who left their homes and families, many of them forever, upon that fateful occa-sion; but they were few, comparatively, in numbers, and too poor to act alone; so they did the dirty work of the rest, and died at it. * * Tax Crusaders had revealed to the new Europe which had arisen on the ruins of Rome's great Empire, the won-drous possibilities of the East. Here was seen an enor-mous extent of territory, exhibiting a wealth and luxury and magnificence beyond the dreams of mail-clad war-riors, plodding peasant, and petty village merchant?, While Europe had been busy sacking castles and settling the details of long theological creeds, Asia had for centu-ries chiefly concerned herself with making things as com-fortable and enjoyable as possiblein the present life. The most orthodox believers were impressed with the impor-tance of this course when they saw it going on before their very eyes. Legends were many of a grandeur transcendant, almost ineffable, in regions beyond their seas. A glimpse they got into a wondrous charming new world; but Saracen obstinacy prevented more than a glimpse. IT was maddening. The dwellers in the far-off Fairy Land might be weaker than those who thus blocked the way. Perhaps their vast treasures of gold and silver and precious stones and gorgeous raiment might be easily taken from them by threats; or a very slight degree of violence might prove all that was neces-sary. Or they might be so savage and simple-minded that a few trinkets would purchase from them a quantity of things that had a real substantial value. Anyway, they must be gotten at, somehow or other. Of course,  they were pagans. And, therefore, it was not only a right, but it was a Christian duty, if their hard-headed-ness rendered such a step necessary, to employ any force whatever, in order to dispossess them of those worldly blessings which it was not thinkable that they should have done anything to deserve at the hands of Provi-dence. THEY cannot be reached from the East? Very well, then; we must try the West? By this time, the idea of the rotundity of the earth was, if notgenerally accredited, and though even under the ban of the Infallible Church, by no means universally rejected. Obviously, if it were true, one could get to the East by the simple process of sailing westwaad. It was a tempting idea.' By this means, the rude and implacable Saracen, who now asser-ted his unholy claims to land which he had conquered, would be outflanked, and approached from the rear. And between him and the adventurers would lie exposed a Paradise of richness and glory, such as the eye of Western man had never seen, nor his mind conceived. BUT the zeitgeist was still largely religious, and only in part commercial. The last Crusade was entered upon under an express contract between its financial promoter, party of the first part, and its commanding officer, party of the second part, that a great act of spoliation and outrage should be perpetrated before any attempt was made to invade the soil of Palestine; nevertheless, like all of its predecessors it was commissioned in the name of the Father, and Son, and Spirit, and sent forth to do the will of Deity in the work of murder and rapine. And, just so, when it was finally determined to try the experi-ment of penetrating the eastern arena by a western route, it was deemed necessary to insist that no worldly motive lay at the bottom of the movementŠthat Christi-anity, and not avarice was the cause of it all. * * * WHEN we thus contemplate the early expeditions to this hemisphere as the direct result of the Crusades; when we understand that, like the last crusade itself, they oc-curred -atŁ a time when men's minds were in a transition stateŠwhen the replacement of the zeitgeist of religion by the zeitgeist of acquisition was just about commencing Šthen we have at once the key to those expressions in the " commissions," etc., which are sometimes relied upon as evidences that "this is a Christian nation." They were just as inevitable, under the circumstances, in such instruments, as the similar language in the papal "Bulls" whereby the faithful were exhorted to go forth and expel the infidel from the blessed land of Palestine, the cradle of the Christian Church. * How far were the men of that time sincere in the use 