AMERICAN SENTINEL. 35 these governments in harmony with " the:plan of the holy Author of our religion" It is antichristian. also, in that it is in violation of the vital principle of the government of the Creator and the essential happiness of the worshiping creature. And it is perfectly proper for the Christians of to-day. to point 'Out to them and to all, that such a Course is antichristia.n both doctrinally and constitutionally, even though it be unintentionally; Therefore as the vital principle of the goVernment of God and the happiness of worshiping creatures is the perfect liberty of the individual, exercised freely upon his ownchoice ; in order to publish a paper in the interests of true religious liberty, it must be published in the in-terests of religious libertyŠCHRISTIAN. And as the provisions of the American constitutions separating religion and government, are expressive of the principle announced by Jesus Christ for governments, and are thus in harmony with the plan of the holy Author of our religion," the AMERICAN SENTINEL in being published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian, is published also in the interests of religious liberty--CONSTITUTIONAL, because constitutional religious liberty is Christian . --10-110- 410- -4-4- "IP religion is in itself inviolable, it is so no longer when it has ended in a true political society, a corpora-tion which is owner of a portion 'of the soil. As such, it falls under the power of the State, . . and its inde- pendence decreases in proportion to its political import-ance, except, the government of society should quickly pass into its hands. That which is political in its consti-tution naturally subjects it to thefluctuations of opinion on the best organization of the State."ŠDe Pressense. .'0 +-f.  Christianity and the Common Law. IN his recent decision denying a certificate of incorpo-ration to a Jewish society because it was to hold some of its meetings on Sunday, Justice Pryor, of the Supreme Court of New York,. affirms that " In the State of New York the Sabbath exists as a day of rest by the common law." His authority to make this statement is borrowed from the idea which has-acquired a show of legal author-ity in this country, that Christianity is a part of the common law under the State government. That this idea is itself without any real authority,. or the slightest foundation in truth, is evident when considered from the Christian .Standpoint Ł What is Christianity? Can it be a part of a human code? .Can-it be anything of  human manufacture? Can -it -be comprised in - statutes, or in customs and observ-ances which have acquired the force of law? If Christian-ity be a part of the common law, these questions must be answered in the affirmative. But no truthful affirmative can be given them. Chris- tianity is not a forth or set of forms; it is a power, and `it is nothing less than the power of God. It is life; for according to the word of its divine Author, he who be-lieves on Jesus Christ has.been raised to life from a stater  of death in trespasses and sins. His life as a Christian is, wholly different from his life as an unbeliever. The things which he once loved, he now hates, and what before he hated, he now loves. If his conversion has been genuine, this difference is plainly manifest. He has been "born again." He has received a new creation. There is no power, no life in law. A statute has no power to execute itself, or to compel obedience from any. Obedience to any human law is secured either by'the strength of right principles in the individual's heart, or by fear of the consequences of transgression. There is nothing in the statute which can affect the heart, or supply any power toward the performance of that which it requires. It will be said, however, that by the statement that Christianity is part of the common law, it is, meant only that Christian customs and observances are established in the common law, being recognized and supported by it, as in the case of the "Christian Sabbath." Customs. And observances, however, even he they such as the Scrip-tures enjoins, can at most be but the letter of Christian-ity, which without the Spirit is a lifeless form. To enforce the letter of Christianity without the Spirit can benefit no one. On the contrary, it is the worst injury, spiritually, that could be inflicted: "The.letter killeth; but- the Spirit giveth life." 2 Cor. 3 : 6. As there is no life in it without the Spirit, to enforce the letter is but to enforce spiritual death. And this is what it means to enforce Christianity as a part of the common law. Nothing more utterly anti-Christian could be con-ceived. As no condition could be worse, spiritually, than that of the one who holds Christianity itself as a lifeless thing, and in whom the very light is darkness, so nothing more opposite to Christianity could be devised than"the scheme of forcing an individual to accept the formS of Christianity, without the power. The very worst state of-things, spiritually, that is to exist in the world, is that foretold by the Apostle Paul in his letter to Timothy, where he says that "in the last days" "men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce-breakers," etc., "having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." The mere "form of godliness" goes hand in hand with all the sins that God's Word de-nounces. And this form of godliness can be enforced by law, but the power of godlineSs cannot be enforced. Hy-pocrisy can be enforced, but piety cannot be enforced_ And where the power of godliness is lacking, there must be hypocrisy, and sin of every kind. A form of godliness without the power of godliness is not Christianity. But when the State forces the forms of godliness upon its citizens, it enforces them as Christian-ity, and those who receive them through the agency of 