actual and &xact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or 5Per8uabion, Veligious or colitical.--Thomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MAY 12, 1892. NUMBER 19. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. AIMAIMMPIVIIM  THE Freedom of Worship bill, now a law in this State, provides that no institu-tion, supported in whole or in part by ap-propriations by the State, shall refuse to permit the priests or ministers of any de-nomination to hold services in the institu-tion for the benefit of such inmates as may desire the services of that particular sect. Š0Š THE object of the Freedom of Worship bill is to secure the admission of Catholic priests to certain institutions receiving money from the State, but under Protest-ant control. To this end the bill provides that in case of a violation of any of the provisions of the actŠ Any person aggrieved thereby may institute pro-ceedings in the Supreme Court in the district where the institution is situated, which is hereby author-ized and emnowered to enforce the provisions of this act. -0- COMMENTING upon this provision, the Examiner says :Š That such appeal is allowed constitutes one of the chief objections to the bill. The section quoted above confers on the court a very novel jurisdic-tion. It gives it jurisdiction over denominational questions. It establishes an analogy between our own supreme tribunal and the courts of the In-quisition. It joins together things which ought always to be kept asunder; that is to say, it identi-fies in a very un-American manner religion and politics. THE Mail and Express says:Š Governor Flower has signed the Slavery of Wor-ship bill. For the second time in recent years, by the hand of a Democratic governor, the Church and the State have been linked together through recta_ rian legislation. . . . The House of Refuge in this city proposes to fight the Slavery of Worship  bill, signed by Governor Flower, and test its legality in the courts. This is right. Bring it home to the people that the purpose of the measure is to link Church and State and to turn the public institutions over to sectarian influences. Let the people know the truth, and they will see to it that a Legislature is elected and a governor, too, that will wipe the odious legislation from the statute books. IT is very remarkable that Baptists, Methodists, Presbyterians, and, in fact, nearly all Protestant religionists, can see in this bill a union of " religion and pol-itics," or as the Mail and Express puts it, "a union of Church and State," and can not see the same thing in some of the legislation for which they are all clamor-ing. This bill simply places all denom-inations on an equality before the law, giving all equal privileges; but there are laws upon the statute books of most of our States that do more than this; they give to certain forms of religion and their adherents, decided advantage over others. SUNDAY laws are of this character. Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court, himself an intense partisan of Sunday and of Sunday laws, said, as most of our readers remember, that " by .a sort of factitious advantage, the observ-ers of Sunday have secured the aid of civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom." Yet many who see in the Freedom of Worship bill a union of Church and State, can see no impropriety whatever in Sunday legisla-tion. Surely this is passing strange! Š0Š THE whole trouble in regard to the Freedom of Worship bill comes from the appropriation of State funds for religious purposes. State supervision of religious worship is only the logical result of State support of religious institutions. If the State pays its money it has a right to say how it shall be used. The worst wish we-have for those Protestants who see in the Freedom of Worship bill a union of Church and State is that they may be led  by it to consistently oppose the beginnings of the evil, and insist that the State shall have nothing whatever to do with religion. Š0Š DR. PARKHURST, of unsavory notoriety because of his sensational methods for the " suppression " of vice in this city, has been invited to Washington by a number of prominent persons including Senators Cullom and Dawes, Postmaster-General Wanamaker, Ex-Justice Strong, and Jus-tice Brewer, to tell what he knows about the " duty of the Christian Church in re-lation to the execution of the civil law." This is significant. Š0Š A NATIONAL Reform organ thinks " if there were no other reason for suppressing the Sunday papers, it would be enough that they are training fifty thousand boys in lawlessness." But why not rather re-peal the laws against the Sunday papers ? It is no more logical to argue that a thing is evil because it is contrary to law than that it is right because in accordance with law. In the case of the Sunday papers it is the law that is wrong. The law should be repealed. THERE is absolutely no good reason why the State should prohibit the publication and sale of Sunday papers. A great many people, a very large majority indeed of the whole population, regard Sunday as a sacred day, but the State has nothing to do with that. That, however, is the rea-son, and the only reason, for Sunday laws. Such legislation is an effort on the part of the majority to enforce upon the minority a tenet of the religion of the majority. It is, as Judge Hammond confesses in his dictum, for the purpose of giving the ob-server of Sunday a sort of factitious ad-vantage. A factitious advantage is an unnatural advantage, one which nature has not given; it is therefore entirely out of place, especially in religious things and under a Government established to secure to all their natural, or inalienable rights. It is impossible to give one part of the 