AMERICAN SENTINEL. 249 the tyranny of the ruling class, only to let loose the worse tyranny of the mob and the commune. No ONE class in society ought to oppress or seek to dominate over another class; and it is the dream of vis-ionary reformers that by legislation or by the ballot or by revolution society can be so reconstructed that op-pression will disappear and the long sought reign of righteousness be ushered in. This can never be so long as selfishness is harbored in human minds; for so long as it is there, men will seek their own advancement at the expense of others, or at least regardless of others' welfare, and will never stop short of the same oppressive conditions which exist to-day. Selfishness, indeed, never knows when to stop, but is continually urging men on to greater lengths of departure from the path of peace and safety. Tun Apostle Paul represented a class of men who had learned to be contented and happy in this life with-out any revolution in society; and what he says on the subject is entitled to as much weight as are any utter-ances that come from platform and press to-day. The apostle had learned to be content with such food, rai-ment, and other temporal comforts as he had in this life; but his contentment was not that of indolence, for he was one of the most active, energetic characters known to history,Ša man who most powerfully, influenced hu-man thought and life in his own day, and through all the centuries following. He had experienced a revolu-tion, but it was in his own person and not in society. And here is the vital point of difference between the Apostle Paul as a reformer and the reformers of today. The man who has had a revolution in his own heart, his own personal life, by the power of God, is not discon-tented with his lot and does not want to see a revolu-tion anywhere else; but the man who needs a revolution in his own heart, to drive out of it the discontent and the various elements of selfishness that are making him unhappy, wants to have a revolution in society. But if he could have such a revolution, he would not be any nearer to happiness than he was before. AMERICAN and British sailors have been fighting and falling side by side in Samoa, and this alliance for of-fense and defense in that country has done much to strengthen the sentiment at home for an alliance between the great nations represented. Ł "ONE of the most important results of Dewey's vic-tory," says a New York paper, "will be a Bible printed in Tagalog," for distribution among the Filipinos by the missionaries who will follow the American flag in the islands. Perhaps if the Bible had gone before the flag  instead of behind it, there would have been a great many more converts and a great many less dead people in the islands now. WHILE the subject of the czar's peace conference is before the public, the pope deems it an opportune time to call attention to the great things accomplished by the papacy in past times in preserving the peace. `Every time the church has intervened directly in the serious affairs of the world," he says, "it has assured public welfare; and the popes have often stopped oppres-sion and secured truces and peace treaties. Civilization would have perished without papal authority to vindi* cate the supremacy of right over might." But somehow, upon all this history is strangely silent. IN New Rochelle, Conn., Catholics and Protestants are arrayed in controversy over the question whether the Bible shall be read in the public schools. The charter of the newly-made city contains a pro-vision for such use of the Bible in the schools, and recently the Board of Education passed a resolution calling for its enforcement; whereupon many Catholic parents petitioned that their children be excused from the opening exercises. The Board at a special meeting decided to accede to these requests, and now it is pro-vided that such children shall retire to a room set apart for them while the Bible is being read, after which they will go back to their various rooms to participate in singing and other exercises. The necessity of such an arrangement to carry out the plan of Bible reading in the schools, demonstrates in itself the impolitic and impracticable nature of the undertaking. A Spanish Editor Against Church and State Union. A SPANISH paper published in MadridŠLas Domini-cale del Libre Pensamiento (The Dominicals of Free-thought)Šin a recent issue boldly attacks Spain's union of church and State as being the real cause of Spain's downfall. Under the heading, "The True Enemy," the editor refers to "clericalism" as being contrary both to Christianity and to sound national policy, and points to absolute separation of the state from the church as the only remedy for the evil into which Spain has fallen. An English exchange gives the following extracts:Š "Everywhere, in every language, and in every tone, the press is repeating that Spain's ruination is due to clericalism; it is due to the friars, the Jesuits, and their motley horde of hypocrites, ignoramuses, and fanatics, hysterical women, self-seeking men, and beggars; and now what do we find? Programs of regeneration by the hundreds, but in not one of them is any allusion made 