T1TE AMEAZICAN SENTINEL: 131 nor in the bill itself does the United States assume to be a stockholder or business partner in this corporation. If it were possible for the Government to hold such a position as that it would become subject to the laws under which the corporation is organized and would have the voice in the management represented by its shares of stock and no more. But this money rep-resents no stock; it represents no voice in the management; it is solely a govern-mental appropriation for aid, with certain provisions made for its possible repayment. And then the addition of a proviso is pro-posed which makes that repayment less probable, and reduces also the probability of the shareholders' making good their own investments. Is it then a business proposition ? It certainly is not. The proviso acknowledges that Congress has Ł no authority. Why then should it inject an unbusinesslike proposition into an ap-propriation, for the sake of throwing its influence, and the power of the money of the people toward the accomplishment of that which will render it unlikely that it will ever receive back the money of the people again ? It is not a business propo-sition. Some other element enters into it. In the sphere of that other element the Congress of the United States as a civil legislative body has no jurisdiction. It having been acknowledged in the wording of the proviso that the local management has full control of the affairs of the Ex-position, this is an attempt to assume a business control by indirect means, out-side of legislative authority, and use that control to compel a sacrifice on the part of shareholders and taxpayers to secureŠwhat ?ŠThe observance of a religious tenet. THIS proviso proposes that Congress, in passing it, shall indirectly legislate to close the World's Fair on Sunday. Is that a sound legal proposition ? It is not. The regulation of Sunday closing, or Sunday selling, as the law stands, is a matter of the law of the place where the business is transacted. The United States does not own the World's Fair site, and it cannot, consequently exercise any municipal con-trol over the World's Fair in general. The question of the special restrictions and regulations to be placed upon the ex-hibitors of this Exposition belongs solely with the local management, under the municipal and State laws of the city of Chicago and the State of Illinois. With the law of the place in this matter the Congress of the United States cannot tam-per, to add to it, in any manner, or to undertake the enforcement of it in any de-gree. There is a State law upon this sub-ject. To that is the sole recourse. There is the place to find whether the people of Illinois will uphold the State in enforcing that statute during the continuance of the World's Fair. But here is a State law which is obso-lete. This proviso offers a congressional bonus of five millions of dollars, condi-tioned on the resurrection and enforce-ment of that statute. Is it a proper thing for any congressional committee to enter into an inquiry as to whether a certain statute of any State is enforced, or to be enforced in the contingency of the holding of a World's Fair within its limits, and then recommend Congress to promise that State money if it will enforce that statute ? Is it commensurate with the dignity of the World's Fair Committee of the House of Representatives to present such a prop- osition as that ? Ought Congress to ac-cept with equanimity a proposition that it bribe Illinois to enforce its own statutes ? In what spirit ought Illinois to.take such a suggestion ? Such, questions as those are pertinent. But if it is not a bribe is it a purchase? It would be a peculiar thing, certainly, for an economical Congress to expend five millions of dollars to buy the control of twenty-six Sundays in the city of Chicago, only in order to hold them en-tirely unproductive. That would surely be something entirely unique in the way of congressional appropriations. As a business proposition solely this pro-posed proviso has no standing; as a purely legal and legislative proposition it .is un-sound. It is a religious proposition; and as such the Congress of the United States cannot enact it. W. H. M. Who Gave It Its Seat? WHETHER a religion or a religious insti-tution be true or false does not effect the propriety of legislation upon it on the part of civil government ; for all such leg-islation, whether the religion it concerns be true or false, is without the jurisdiction and lawful domain of civil government. But the demand, for such legislation very naturally raises the question whether the religion or the religious institution thus sought to be enforced is genuine or not ; in fact the demand for it is quite generally made, as the history of such legislation shows, in consequence of an agitation upon this question already in existence, and usually to uphold the wrong and put down the right. Thus, in connection with the efforts to secure legislation for the enforcement of Sunday observance the question is raised as to which day is the Sabbath. Upon this there is a difference of opinion and practice even among believers in the Bible, some observing Saturday, the seventh day, and others Sunday, the first day. Which is the true Bible Sabbath is a matter of controversy. Were the Bible allowed to speak upon this question, and its plain, unequivocal utterance to stand for just what it says, the controversy would soon cease, for that says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath." But all are not ready to yield even to so plain a statement. Various and conflict-ing methods of reasoning and interpreta-tion are resorted to in order to make the divine answer to the question, ŠWhich day is the Sabbath ?Šof no force, or to fit at will. It will be observed, however, that those who claim that the Sabbath com-mandment enjoins simply the observance of one day in seven, but no particular day, are as tenacious that the day observed shall be a particular day as are those who hold to a more fixed and definite applica-tion of the commandment. The determination of some who hold to this one-day-in-seven and no-day-in-partic-ular theory, to cling to the Sunday Sab-bath at all hazards whether they know it to be right or wrong, is well foreshadowed in the following from an editorial in the Christian Statesman, of Feb. 27, 1892 :Š The Saturday-keepers should be required to establish their Genesis claims before they are al-lowed to battle with us in the gospels. Before they debate " the change of day," let them show what day of our modern week corresponds to the original Sabbath of God and man, not to keep which, they say, is as bad as theft or murder. The Lord's day Sabbath has the contested seat. The burden of proof is on them. Let this never be forgotten. The reader will notice how the editor of  the Statesman seeks to evade a defense of the Sabbath he observes, and to intrench himself behind an established custom, rather than to fortify himself with the word of God which he professes to be-lieve. Though he observes a day as truly as do the "Saturday-keepers," of which he speaks, he would have his readers be-lieve that the burden of proof rests alto-gether upon the observers of the seventh day. How he relieves himself from the responsibility of proving anything is by asserting that " the Lord's day Sabbath [by which he means Sunday] has the con-tested seat." Evidently possession is nine points in law with him on this question. By Sunday's having the contested seat the editor of the Statesman means that this day has come to be regarded as the Sabbath by the majority of professed Christians, though how and when he does not here pretend to say ; it is sufficient for his purpose that it is so regarded. But how much proof of its genuineness and rightful title to the seat is there in this ? He who rests his Sabbath case here adopts a principle which he must repudiate in everything else, or be compelled to accept of the worst religions that have ever cursed the world. In point of numbers of adherents the heathen form of worship has the contested seat. Of professed Chris-tians Catholics far outnumber Protestants. As to the number of communicants and customs generally practiced and dogmas established their form of worship has the contested neat. For six thousand years the conflict between truth and error has been going on, and in every instance error has sought to gain "the contested seat," and we are sorry to say that so far as num- bers are concerned it has almost invari-ably succeeded in obtaining it. Truth has been on the side of the few. Of all the inhabitants of the antediluvian world at the time of the flood, Noah and his family only were found righteous. Not ten right-eous persons could be found in Sodom and Gomorrah. The broad road has been the road to destruction. And the fact that the Sunday Sabbath is seeking to defend itself by asserting 'that it has established itself with the masses is strong presump-tive proof that it is not the Sabbath of the Bible. And the further fact that those who observe it are unwilling to undertake to prove its claim as such from the Bible, is still further evidence that it has surrep-titiously obtained its seat. True, Sunday has the contested seat of the Sabbath so far as numbers are con-cerned. But how did it get it ? Who gave it this seat ? Did God put it there, or is it an interloper and squatter ? These are fair questions, and unless those who contend for it as the Sabbath can " prove up," and show a clear title of the day to the claim, its right and title to the seat may well be challenged. The burden of proof here rests upon the one who makes the claim. To establish Sunday as the Bible Sabbath the editor of the Statesman, as a professed Protestant, must proVe from the Bible that it is the Sabbath. That he is unwilling to rest his case upon the Bible, the following from advanced sheets of his enlarged Sabbath for Man," printed in the Statesman of April 9, 1892, will show :Š It is not true that the name " Sabbath " was never applied to the Lord's day by early Christians. The New Testament words translated on "the first day of the week," mean literally, " the first of the Sab-baths," as of a new series. Acts 13:42 literally means " the between Sabbath," as of a Sabbath be-tween the Saturday Sabbaths. 