344 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 5, No. Ia. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 30, 1890. NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked_ " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without-pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the Sturman, need have no fears that they will-be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN an editorial on Sunday laws, the Colorado Graphic says : " The people will resist these invasions of their personal rights, and with the example of other countries before them will bitterly resist ecclesiasticism. They fear the result of the union of Church and State, which means the oppression of personal liberty. As Dean Milman said, ' In proportion as the ecclesiastics became co-legislators, her-esies became civil crimes and liable to civil punishments. ' Such a result would be disastrous to the corner-stone of Ameri-can independence. Our great' dailies are cowards who fear to defend a princi-ple in deference to an uneducated senti-mentalism." UPON President Woodruff's promise that the Mormons will obey the anti-polygamy laws of Congress, the Christian Advocate remarks-:Š Mormonism has such a bad reputation that prom-ises to obey are suspected of covering a plan to disobey. But we are inclined to think they mean this; if so, or if not BO, let them be watched. If they break no laws in this country, they have the same right to be Mormons as others have to be Ro-man Catholics, Spiritualists, or Methodists. This is in refreshing contrast with the utterances of some papers which insist, not only that polygamy, but that Mor-monism must be stamped out. But all of Mormonism, except the practice of plural marriages, has just the same right not only to exist, but to be protected, that any other ism has, and it will be a sad day for the country when this fact ceases to be recognized. THE Central Christian Advocate says It is not to the public school that we must look for the religious education of our children. The most we can do in this respect, so far as the public school is concerned, is to see that all the teachers are religious men and women. The public school cannot be maintained except as a secular school The Observer quotes this, and comments as follows :Š The one proper place for the Christian training of children is the home. Neither the day school nor the Sunday school can fully take the place of a Christian home. Where the home is not a Christian one children are reared at a terrible disadvantage. But the same considerations which would make our schools secular, and solely secular, would certainly prevent our being able to ensure that only religious teachers should teach in them. Tho first part of this paragraph is sound.  " The one proper place for the,  Christian training of children is the home." And it is because Christian training is -so much neglected in the home that professedly Christian parents imagine that it is neces-sary to give, or rather to attempt, such training in the public schools. Our schools should not be irreligious, but they should be kept strictly secular, and- no such quad= ifications as that suggested by the Advo-cate should ever be permitted to -be re-quired of our public school 'teaChers: . The State has no way of determining that one teacher is religious, and that another teacher is not, except , by the profession which they make, and such professions are too cheap in these days to be of any value in such a case. Besides, such a re-quirement would be utterly opposed to the spirit of our institutions, and to sound public policy. THAT " drowning men catch at straws," is exemplified in the case of the Sunday-law advocates. In the hearing before the Senate Committee on the Sunday Rest bill, Rev. T. P. Stevenson, D.D., said:Š The law of the Sabbath is binding on nations and governments as well as on individual men. This obligation is recognized through our whole history by the general cessation of business in our courts and legislatures, and in all other parts of the Gov-ernment on the first day of the week. The argument which this is supposed to contain is about as weak as distilled water. Public business is properly suspended on Sunday because the State has no right to drag before courts of justice, on that day, people who regard it as sacred. The law of the State of New York likewise exempts observers of the seventh day from attend-ance at court upon that day; the Legisla-ture did not, however, in enacting that law say that the State is bound to keep the seventh day ; no more should it say that the State shall keep Sunday. A Correction. WE have received the following letter, which we take it is designed for publica-tion. We cheerfully give it place Merrill, Wisconsin, Oct. 18, 1890. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: "They Agree on the Main Point," is one of the articles in your last paper. Therein is stated that also the Protestants hold that, "as a Nation we ought to see to it that our youth receive religious instruction." Commonly the Lutherans are also called Protestants. Ac-cording to this, your statement, the Lutherans also would be in favor of religious teaching by the State. But this is not so. We Lutherans, or better, we German Lutherans, do not ask such a thing of the State or Nation; on the contrary, we-  believe in a total separation of Church and State. We never asked nor will ask the State or Nation for any such thing. You have judged all Protestants ac. cording to the views expressed in the Christian Statesman. You forgot or did not know that this paper is not representing the views of all Protest-ants, not even on this subject. There are, no doubt, Protestants favoring such religious instruction, but they are not Lutherans. The Lutherans deny the right of any civil government to legislate on relig-ious questions. And on this principle we are making  the fight against the Bennett law. We. perfectly agree with you on this principle, and are glad to have such an able paper as yours working for such a noble end. To me, personally, your paper has always been of great interest, and I wish you the greatest success. Please correct your statement, and oblige all Lu-therans. - Yours truly, H. DA.m. We must confess to some inaccuracy in statement, in the first part of the article referred to. We should have said in the outset, as we did in the latter part of our article, "many Protestants," etc. We had in mind only those Protestants who de-mand that some measure of religious in-struction shall be given by the teachers in the public schools. We are ourselves Protestants, and are well aware that all Protestants are not in favor of teaching religion in schools supported by the State. THE following from the Rome Sentinel of October 11, relative to the proceedings of the Central New York Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, is signifi-cant :Š The Rev. Dr. Torry of Utica, a fine-looking old gentleman with snow white hair, was introduced and gave an address of some length on the subject of religious education. The Rev. Cortland Myers, of Syracuse, also spoke in regard to the religious education in our common schools. He talked very earnestly on the subject, stating that the Methodists, Presbyterians, and Baptists, should not have their children attend schools at which religion was not taught. He also read some testimonials from different clergymen relating to this subject. Chancellor Simms immedi-ately offered a resolution that the Bishop appoint a committee of three to consider a project for secur-ing the introduction of a course of religious study in the common schools. The resolution was adopted. The Bishop appointed Brethern. Simms, Vernon, and Oran as the committee. We shall watch this matter with inter-est. With the Catholics on the one hand demanding a division of the school funds, and on the other hand the most influential Protestants demanding that the public schools give religious instruction, it is not too much to say that the future of our schools is not bright. Roman Catholics, and such mistaken Protestants are alike the enemies of the public schools. LACK of knowledge as to the powers of civil government is leading our country into grave and compromising positions. Leave religion alone, is the spirit of our Constitution.ŠA motto that comes down to us in blood and flame from the past ages. ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense' of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each,. 76c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . Ss. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York, 