ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, - Three " - - $1.00. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 173 otherwise than disturbing in its tendency; it is inevitable from its very nature. But the very contrary is the fact in the case of true religion from its very nature, What, then, is the trouble? Why should these two things, direct oppositesŠthe one which makes the most for war, and the one which makes the most for peaceŠbe classed together as the two greatest elements of disturb-ance, and equally denied admittance to the drawing room? The one, it is true, contains every uncomfortable and disagreeable possibility, but the other contains none. The reason of this strange and ill-assorted companion-ship in exile is that true religion is utterly misappre-hended. That which is thought to be religion, and dis-cussed as religion, is not the Word of God and the Gospel of Jesus Christ, but the visionary politics of an unknown future. THE absurdity of the application of the ordinance against "loud noises" in the District of Columbia, made by the would-be guardians of Sunday sanctity against the Sunday newspaper, and sustained recently by Judge Kimball, is set out in the following by the Washington Star " The bells sound clear across the sky With warnings deep and grand, Policemen loudly tap their clubs For order in the land. The engine whistle screams above The rattle of the train; Societies go marching to The lusty band's refrain. " Then fiercely come the horrid shrieks Of cars around the curves; And clanging gongs play havoc with The most enduring nerves. But still we lightly smile and vow Peace has not wholly flown, For you, 0 naughty newsboy, are As mute as any stone!" * * Ł 4 A A PRESS dispatch from Albany, N. Y., dated the 8th inst— states that a State senator and a number of the Assembly have been asked to introduce in the legislature a bill providing for a censorship of the press, the work of the censors being to read all articles intended for publi-cation and "to eliminate all libellous matter and all matters deemed inimical to the interests of the State or any official thereof." This of course would be in plain contradiction to that provision of the Constitution which forbids any congressional interference with the freedom of the press; but it would seem that the would-be reform-ers of these days know little and care less whether their schemes are in harmony with the National Constitution, or not. There are many straws like this which are show-ing the direction of the wind.  sea, and thy path in the great waters, and thy footsteps are not known" (Ps. 77:19), the assumption that' the people are able to "walk humbly in His footsteps" was a "pretty bad break" on the part of the speaker. That is what usually happens when religion gets into political speeches for political effect. I* I. Ł A. A GREAT mass meeting was held in Cooper Union, New York City, the evening of the 11th, to favor ratifica-tion of the Arbitration treaty between this country and Great Britain. Before the meeting had progressed very far, however, it became evident that about half of those present were not in favor of the treaty. When the reso-lutions in favor of arbitration were about to be sub-mitted, the comparative quiet of the meeting gave place to pandemonium, in which the "peace" men and the op-posing faction became decidedly belligerent. A battle was averted only by the determined efforts of a strong force of police. It is a curious thing that while public sentiment is so universally against allowing two men to fight with their fists to maintain their " honor," it should at the same time be so largely favorable to war for the purpose of maintaining the "honor" of the nation. Do the awful horrors of war make this method of maintaining " honor" a more desirable one for nations than for indi-viduals? How is this? TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin le sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN     Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishkag Co. IN the opening paragraph of his inaugural address, the President assures the people of the United States that "Almighty God" "will not forsake us so long as we obey His commandments and walk humbly in His footsteps."  An exchange points out that .inasmuch as Inspiration ADDRESS, MIERICAN SENTINEL, has testified of the Almighty that "Thy way is in the 39 Bond Street, New York.Ł 