240 THE. _A_MEIRICA_N SENTINF,L,. VOL. 5, No. 30. NEW YORK, JULY 31, 1890. NoTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THERE was a strike of Sunday car driv-ers a week or two since in Brooklyn, not as might be supposed, however, against Sunday work, but for pay by the day in-stead of by the trip. Ł Ł  THE Voice says that " although Francis Murphy is dead set against prohibition a resolution was unanimously passed at one of his South. Omaha meetings, last week, calling upon Mayor Sloan to enforce the prohibition laws on. Sunday." Yes; love for Sunday, and laws for its enforcement, take precedence of all opposition to the liquor traffic, in the minds of thousands of people both in and out of the Prohibi-tion Party. THE Loyal American found something in THE AMERICAN SENTINEL which it thought was awry, and asked for an ex-planation. We have given it; now it is our turn. In its issue of July 2, it sets forth among its principles this:Š We want all wills to be signed thirty days before death, or failing that, the State shall divide the estate among the heirs. Now we should like the Loyal American to explain just how every man is to know when he is within thirty days of his death so that he can make his will, and escape the penalty here proposed ? We pause for a reply. THE Pittsburgh Christian Advocate is not pleased with the present administra-tion. It says :Š We confess to very great disappointment in the religious features of President Harrison's adminis-tration. He is a Christian man, an officer, and for years a Sabbath-school teacher in the Presbyterian Church. Much was expected of him in the way of proper example in his high office, and of respect for the Christian principles and sentiment of the country. But in some respects we have not seen them. Intoxicating liquors have been served on his table on State occasions, and lately a " german," one of the most offensive and disgusting of all the public dances, was given in the White House, It was a full dress (rather undress) affair, such as but few thoughtful mothers would suffer their daugh-ters to attend. Chaplain Milburn says there has not been any such public exhibition in the presiden-tial mansion since the marriage of President Tyler. Pretty soon the people will wonder what the differ-ence is between a Christian president and one who is not 0, Christian. - This illustrates the evil of calling any man a " Christian president." People will wonder what difference there is between a " Christian president " and one who is  not " Christian ;" and the conclusion ar-rived at is likely to be, that a " Christian president " is one who makes a profession of religion, and is governed by the policy of his party and the customs of Wash-ington society, while a non-Christian president is one who makes no profession and is governed in just the same way. DOCTOR GUTHRIE, the eminent Presby-terian divine, is credited with this state-ment :Š I counted in Paris thirty - three theaters and places of amusement, open on the Sabbath day, but in one hour I saw in Edinburg, with all her schools, churches, and piety, more drunkenness .than I saw in Paris in five months. This shows that Sunday laws are prac-tically worthless as a temperance measure; if people are in the habit of drinking, and have opportunity to get liquor six days in the week it is useless to attempt to keep it from them on Sunday. -Ł-Ł  THE Louisiana Legislature has had be-fore it a substitute for the State Sunday law, in the form of a bill giving to police juries and municipal corporations through-out the State the power to regulate all Sunday trade, etc. The measure is really local option applied to the Sunday ques-tion. The bill passed the Legislature, but was vetoed by the Governor. The Pearl of Days noticing the bill, says, " It is a measure that no friend of the Sabbath ought to approve." Cer-tainly no National Reformer would ap-prove it; the aim of that party is to cen-tralize the control of all the moral ques-tions in which they interest themselves, into one infallible, papal head, and no such approach to individual freedom of choice, as local option even, could be permitted in their politics. - Ł THN preachers of Milwaukee, not long since, discussed in their Monday meeting, the subject of " Capital and Labor." The following resolution was introduced :Š Resolved, By this Preachers' Conference, that we are in full sympathy with the laboring people of this city, and stand ready at any and all times to manifest friendly, fraternal regard to each. Our churches are open to every one, and all shall be cordially welcomed when they desire to come. The resolution was fully discussed, but was mostly objected to on the ground that it seemed to imply that the laboring classes had not before been welcomed to the churches, and the following resolu-tion was substituted :Š Resolved, That this Preachers' Conference is in full sympathy with all the people of this city, rich or poor, learned or unlearned, and stands ready at all times to welcome all to our churches and assist any to lead a better life. This was unanimously adopted. But that the first resolution should have ever been introduced, or the second one either introduced or adopted, is, in itself, a grave reflection upon the influence of those churches. When professed Christian  churches have to advertise that the people are welcome to attend them, and welcome to their assistance to lead a better life, in other words, when they have to advertise that they are Christians, they are in a sorry plight so far as Christianity is con-cerned. But there is entirely too much of that kind of Christianity in the United States, and that is why-there is so much demand that the State shall take charge of religious instruction and religious ob- servances. Ł  AT the Catholic Congress held at Balti-more, last year, a committee was appointed to arrange for another one to be held in connection with the World's Fair in 1892. The Catholic Review of June 29, urges upon the committee prompt and steady action in preparing for the Congress. It says that " the Congress will be an Amer-ican Congress, but the celebration must be continental, and delegates from every diocese in North and South America, rep-resentatives from every race on the con-tinent should find recognition on this occasion." We wait now to see what steps the National Reform Association, and the American Sabbath Union will take to secure the recognition of representatives in that Congress. THE St. Paul Dispatch supports the de-cision of the Wisconsin Supreme Court, in the Edgerton Bible case, and says : " In view of the severity with which the founders of our constitutional systems plainly regarded all possibility of inter-ference with individual religious belief or individual right of conscience, it is safe to say, that the proper and the more advisable course in the discharge of the duty of the State, to afford secular instruction to its citizens, is to wholly eliminate all form of religious instruction, and leave the dis-charge of that duty where. it rightfully belongs, with the parents of the several children." THE Sunday Alliance, of Scotland, com-municates to the Sunday Union, of the United States, a report of the progress of the work of the Alliance for the past year in Scotland; a paragraph is devoted to the commendation of the American Sunday Union, and the Mail and Express. Thus steadily are these forces for the promotion of political religion joining hands round the world. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and. religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, -4- Ł 