454 'AIVIER:ICA_N SENTINEL. who have been born again, whose hearts have been re-generated, need not the restraints of civil authority to make them do right. They do not refrain from theft, murder and adultery, because they fear what the State may do to them should they transgress in any of these respects. They do not desire, to steal, murder, and com-mit adultery. They do right from a higher motive than the fear of what men may do to them. When tempted to do evil, with Joseph they say, "How can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God." Concerning such John says, "Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed reinairteth in him; and he cannot sin, because he is born of God." 1 John 3:9. It is therefore evident that religion and civil govern-ment occupy two separate and distinct realms; that civil government exists and is necessary because of sin; that in proportion as men are genuinely converted, civil gov-ernments have less to do; and that finally, in the re-deemed State, there will be no civil governments at all. *  THE "Christian" powers of Europe are trying to make the Sultan see that he ought not to take possession of Thessaly after having conquered it. It can hardly be wondered at that they should find the task a difficult one, in view of the fact that their own example in such a case is almost always to the contrary. Religion and the State in Japan. BY JOHN A. BRTJNSON. HAVING given in brief outline some of the principal features of the religions of Japan, we now inquire into the relation they sustain to the State. And we remark at the outset, that owing to the indefiniteness of the Japan-ese conception of both religion and State, it is not easy to determine just what the relationship between them is. For example, the emperor is regarded till this day as a heaven-descended monarch, and prominent among the myriad deities of the Shinto pantheon are the apotheo-sized spirits of dead rulers. Prior to the days of Jimmu Tenno, who is accounted by Japanese annalists as the first human sovereign, the Japanese believe that their country was ruled directly by the gods themselves. Jimmu Tenno himself is supposed to be fifth in descent from the sun-goddess Amaterasu, and the pre-lent emperor a direct descendant of Jimmu Tenno. Concerning this fact Griffis remarks: "In this en-lightened age, when all authority is challenged, and a century after the moss of oblivion has covered the his-toric grave of the doctrine of divine right, the Japanese still cling to the divinity of the Mikado." One of the titles of the emperor is Ten shi, literally, son of heaven. For ages he was considered too sacred to be looked upon by the rude gaze of the populace, and even to day no one  is allowed to look down upon him from an eminence. While residing in Kobe, it was our privilege to see his majesty as he rode by iii closed carriage. Thousands of eager spectators thronged the streets, but all heads were bared, and not one, even of the most curious, was allowed to stand in upstairs windows or view the procession from any height at all. This doctrine of the divine origin of the Mikado, that has been implicitly believed by the masses for centuries, implies an interfusion of religiOn and State that approx-imates a theocracy. And we are constrained to be-lieve that their institutions were theocratical in former years. Professor Chamberlain, an authority in things Jap-anese, says in reference to the early days of Shinto, "the Japanese had no notion of religion as a separate institu-tion." And even after the introduction of Buddhism, the Mikado still being the "Scin of Heaven," the theory of government was unchanged. But what was the extent of influence exerted by religion upon legislation does not seem to be clear. For centuries a dual form of govern-ment existed. The heaven-descended Mikado, too sacred to be serviceable, was little more than a royal figure-head, while the ŁShogun, or generalissimo, vigorous, ag-gressive, ambitious, virtually held the reins of control in his hands, and guided the chariot of State according to his own selfish desires. But with all his power he never claimed the prerogatives of the emperor. He was theo-retically his majesty's servant, while in fact he was mas-ter. He upheld the popular superstition concerning the divinity of the Mikado, and inculcated reverence for his person. The laws that were promulgated were an admixture of moral and civil duties. In the "Legacy of Iyeyasu," a code of laws numbering one hundred, sixteen consist of moral maxims, fifty-five pertain to politics, twenty-two refer to legal matters, and seven relate to episodes in Iyeyasu's personal history. There was no sharp discrim-ination, made between law and moralityŠbetween the duties of thecitizen and the excellencies of the man. This confusion of the civil and moral in governmental affairs existed till the promulgation of the constitution in Feb-ruary,1889. At that time the constitution, which clearly defines the duties and privileges of citizens, was given, and since then Japan has taken her place among the con-stitutional monarchies of the world. It is true that even now Shinto is the national religion. In 1868, as the result of a concatenation of circum-stances partly religious, partly political, and partly lit-erary, Buddhism was disestablished and disendowed, and Shinto again installed as the religion of State. The Council for Spiritual Affairs was established and given equal rank with Council for State. Shintoists were led to rejoice at the promise of an era of 'prosperity before them. But their system was too weak and shadowy to influence the hearts of the people. Buddhism soon ral-lied, and in consequence the Council for Spiritual Affairs was reduced to the rank of a department, then to a bu- 