Religious Liberty. CARDINAL GIBBONS, in a sermon on civil and religious liberty, delivered in the Baltimore Cathedral, March' 8, and printed in the Catholic Mirror, of March 14, said :Š A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right conscience, and of practicing a form of religion most in accordance with, his duties to God. Speaking on the same subject, the Min-neapolis Ensign (Baptist) says :Š Religious liberty is liberty for the wrong con-science as well as for the right conscience, for false worship or no worship at all as well as for true worship. That is to say, conscience and worship, as between the individual soul and God, are things with which the State has nothing whatever to do ; and are also things over which no church has any control or authority, except in so far as the indi-vidual may freely and voluntarily accept its teach-ings. It is infinitely important that our conscience be right and our worship be right; our eternal destiny depends upon our being right in these matters, but no State and no church has the au-thority to say what is right for all men, and to com-pel men by force to obey their decisions. The State can define crimes, but can not define sins; and it can command what is necessary for good order, enforcing its commands by proper punish-ments, provided it does not seek to invade the sacred precincts of the individual conscience. The church may say upon what terms it will receive pei7sons to its membership and communion, but it can not touch with its little finger any one who does not freely receive its terms and enter its membership. Any man can leave any church as freely as he enters it, without physical or civil pains or penalties, or compulsion. Religion is purely a matter between God and the soul, with which no outside person or power has anything to do, except in the way of advice and persuasion and accepted instruction. Freedom to worship God includes the freedom not to worship him, and the freedom to worship him rightly in-cludes the freedom to worship wrongly, so far as any human power is concerned. To God alone every man must make his supreme answer. Toleration is not liberty, though the two are often confounded, ignorantly or for some other sinister purpose. Toleration is the act of a power that claims the right to prohibit as well as permit. Liberty disclaims all right or power of prohibition or proscription in matters of religion, and leaves each one free to do as he pleases. England " tol-erates " dissenters, but imposes upon them some civil or social disabilities. France, and even Italy, " tolerate " Protestants, with what restrictions those speedily know who attempt to exercise re-ligious freedom. In Spain, according to the pres-ent Constitution, " a restricted liberty of worship is allowed to Protestants, but it has to be entirely in private, all public announcements of the same being strictly forbidden." Similar conditions pre-vail in the other countries of Europe and in South America. In the United States we have religious liberty in the full sense of the word, guaranteed by the Con-stitution and the laws. It is a priceless heritage, the product of centuries of controversy and con-flict, secured through the heroic endurance and suffering and martyrdom of many of the world's noblest benefactors. It can be maintained only by intelligence and virtue and pure religion. The chief agencies of true freedom are the home, the school, the free church, with the open Bible and the untrammeled proclamation of the gospel as Christ taught it. Among our highest duties to-day are the appreciation and the defense of religious liberty, against all enemies, open or disguised. RICAJSZ NrPINEL. 165 Ail the governments of the world could notti, create a single individual right, neither could they all combined take away a singe right from a single soul, for these rights are inalienable. The right still remains, however much or long the individual is denied the exer-cise of it. The legislative function of the government is simply to state these rights in plain unmistakable language or law. The judicial function of the govern-merit is to investigate individual cases for the purpose of determining whether these rights as stated by the law have been in-fringed. The executive department of the government, with its prisons and po-lice, and detectives and sheriffs and higher officers, is solely for the purpose of detect-ing, apprehending, and punishing crim-inals, i. e., persons who disregard these rights in others. It may be added, that all this acts also as a preventive of crime, by furnishing to those who are morally weak, the additional motive of fear, to induce them to regard the rights of others. From all this it will be seen that all the paraphernalia of government is solely for the purpose of maintaining the individUal rights of its citizens. Not for the purpose of giving rights or taking them away, both of which are impossible, nor for the purpose of restricting or directing the in-diVidual in the exercise of these rights. The only restriction that can rightfully be .made by any civil government, on the exercise of individual rights by each citi-zen, is such restriction as is implied in the pledge of each citizen to do his part in protecting the rights of each and all. On such restriction, the very existence of gov-ernment depends. To illustrate, the gov-ernment depends for its existence on the power to levy taxes for its support. It may be argued that to compel a man to ,pay taxes is a restriction of his rights : but if so, it is only such a restriction as it is implied that he agreed to when he be-came a citizen of the government, and such restriction exists not for the purpose of taking away his rights, but solely for the purpose of securing them. It is the price charged by the government for the protection it guarantees. It can not fairly be said to be a restriction of a man's rights to compel him to pay the government for value received, any more than to compel him to pay the individual for value re-ceived. The same may be said of the power of the government to raise armies, and to compel men to serve in them. In the present imperfect state of human de-velopment, the very existence of the na-tion, as a nation, depends on this power. It may be said that it is a restriction on individual liberty to draft a man, and compel him to serve in the army; and, indeed, the draft should never be resorted to till the call for volunteers fails to bring a sufficient supply of men for the emer-gency. :When, however, the nation's ex-istence,-and consequently the rights of  every individual in the nation, are endan-gered, the government may then draft men, and compel them to fight to protect their own rights and the rights of their fellows. This is really no restriction of individual rights, for it is simply calling upon all the people to fight for their own rights. If all are not needed in the army, those who stay at home have to provide for the support of those who are needed; and there seems to be a natural law of equal-ization which in many other ways, compels them to bear their just part in the great struggle for the maintenance of the rights of each and all. Moreover, it is not a restriction of hu-man rights to compel a man to fulfill his contracts, and the very existence of a government implies the contract and the pledge of the individual to support it. The same may be said of the power of the government to subpcena witnesses. This power is necessary that the rights of each and all may be maintained, and it is there-fore included in the implied pledge of each to maintain such rights, on which pledge the very existence of government depends. Again I say it is no restriction of human rights to compel the fulfillment of such a pledge. The most that such an individual can demand is a fair remuneration for his time and trouble, and this the government grants. Under such circumstances, if he refuses to go and witness, it is not that he is trying to maintain his own rights, but that he is trying to infringe the rights of others, or is in sympathy with those who have infringed such rights. Such act be-comes a criminal disregard of human rights, and may justly be punished. From all this it is evident that, without exception, the sole legitimate use and function of government is to maintain and protect rights; never to give or take away rights, both of which are impossible; nor to restrict or direct people in the exercise of these rights. In so much as it attempts to restrict or direct the individual in the exercise of his rights, in just so much it exceeds its rightful limits of power, and in just so much it becomes a paternal gov-ernment. So much for the use of civil government. The evils of a paternal government will be considered next week, in an article on the abuse of civil government. G. E. FIFIELD. Ł Ł Ł A SEA captain, trading regularly to the African coast, says an exchange, was invited to meet a committee of a society for the evangelization of Africa. After numerous questions touching the habits and religion of the African races, he was asked: " Do the subjects of King Dahomey keep Sunday.?" " Keep Sunday ? " he replied, "yes, and every other thing they can lay their hands on." 