n ,c. ..e. .o...1. .4. .o. .o. .. .., , ... n. ,o, ,6. 4. 1, LOOKING > > UNTO e 1,  4 JESUS. a a.,  ett-ootrsrvt, vﬂ, ov e  A NEW BOOK . . . Fresh from the hands of the Author. It is a New Treatment of an Old Subject. By it the Plan of Salvation is Seen in a New Light, It Shows the Present Position and Work of our Lord Jesus Christ. After reading the Book you will thank us for calling your attention to it. Over 300 Pages. Well Illustrated. Nicely Bound in Cloth. Plain Edges, postpaid, - - $1.00. Presentation Edition - - - - 1.50. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING' CO., Oakland, Cal. 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. OR Christ in Type and antitype. BY IIRIA  Fr  SMITH. AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 625 , When he finally reached their wigwams, he was an astonished man. His faith and hope had made him bold, but he little expected when he faced the enemies of his race that a "whole village" would come out to meet him as if he had been a long-looked-for friend. Led by their chief, the Indians welcomed him as their guest, and seemed almost to reverence him as a prophet. He stayed among them and preached, winning the hearts and the faith of the untutored natives, until he gathered a church of between seventy and eighty Christian Indians. Brainerd never knew, until they told him, the secret of his welcome. The savages had discovered the white stranger in the woods, and a party of them had waited to steal upon him and kill him as soon as he entered his tent. Peering between the folds of the canvas, they saw him'on his knees, praying. Ignorant wonder held them back, and their wonder turned to awe when they saw a rattlesnake crawl over the stranger's feet and pause beside him, with its head raised as if to strike; but it only gazed at him a moment, flickered its red tongue, and glided out of the tent on the opposite side. The Indians hurried back and reported that the white man was under the protection of the Great Spirit. However much the superstition of these "children of nature" influenced their thought, they told a Christian truth in pagan version. It is certain that Ł "Man is immortal till his work is done," and God had work for Brainerd to do. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft or, New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., no', to the editor or any other it.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin ie sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Illuminated Covers. rrrr Treating a Most IMPORTANT SUBJECT in a NEW WAY. rrrr It's as interesting as a Romance ,-*** Must be Read to be Appreciated. Nicely Illustrated. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00 44 44 Six months, .50 44 if Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. " Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, asset Religious berty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate; and may be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Com. pany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., New York City, N.Y.; 18 W. 5th St., Kan,. gas City, Mo.; or Review and Herald. Battle Creek, Mich.; Atlanta. Ga. Contains 206 pages. It is a Real Nice Book. Cloth Bound, Postpaid, - - 50 cents. Paper " 25 " OAKLAND, CAL. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., KANSAS CITY, MO. 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. 