TH-ESENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 749 their civilization on the basis of Prcitestarit principles they would now be a powerful nationality. " Show us a clerical poet, or author, or artist, or savant who has done any permanentgood to our people. Cath- olicism and culture are mutually antagonistic." , Among the Czechs the movement is also steadily spreading, being under the special leadership of the indefatigable Doctor Ishka, whose program includes the orkanization of a national Czech Church entirely - independentof Rome. This leader is really an Old Catholic, arict although refused acknowledgment as such-by the Old CathOlics of Germany only last year has found a warm advocate in Ignaz Kutshern, the editor of the Old Catholic Volkruf, the official organ of this body in Austria, who warmly indorses the agitation of Ishka and an anti-Rome movement side by side with that of the Germans. The organization of an "Old catholic National Church of the Czechs is also declared by leading Protestant churches of ,Austria as a healthy antidote to a radical clerical re-action which is believed to be on the way. Ishka's propaganda has been-so pronounced that the authorities of the state recently arrested him in Prague while delivering an address, on the ground that he was plotting to estrange the Czech people from their old faith, and that he was in complicity with Russian protagonists of the Pan-Czech move-ment, having also received funds for his work from St. Petersburg._ So far, however, the "Away from Rome " cry among the Czechs seems -to partake somewhat of an academic nature, and has not 'pene-: trated the masses: this ltter the-  church: authori- _ ties very Much fear, on account of the well-known reverence the Czechs Jmaintain for the memory of Huss, which could readily be made a battle-cry. In the meanwhile the movement is constantly groWing in the German provinces, and is now almost entirely a religious and non-political,  movement. The total number of conversions to the Protes-tant Church in these German provinces for -the twelve months ending April, 1900, as officially.re-ported by the state authorities, was 7,665, of whom 7,224 came frOm the Roman Catholic Church, which, however, gained 975 converts from Protestantism during this period, making a gain in favor of the Protestant Church of 6.69o. The total increase so far has far surpassed the ten-thousand line. The "Away from Rome "propaganda has evidently come to stay, and is one of the fixed facts of modern re-ligious life. - It is impoSsible to have and enforce a Sabbath law without some degree of-  interference with per:, sonal freedom in Sabbath-keeping. "..,4 IT is stated that " Oorn 'Paul" will, on his arrival in Holland, issue a proclamation to the world for the justification of his cause and with the hope that arbitration may yet come to the aid of the Boer republics. SPECIAL ARTICLES ON INTEMPERANCE AND-DRUG HABITS. BEGINNING with the issue of January, 1901, The Life Boat will contain a series of special articles prepared by its editors, on the subjects of intemper-ance and drug habits. - These are subjects with which every person should be familiar, as the use of alcohol-, morphine, opium,- and cocaine areŁ greatly on- the increase. These articles will deal with both the scientific and spiritual aspects of the subject, giving special atten-tion to' the physical and spiritual treatment of the unfortunate victims of drug habits. The following subjects will be considered: Cazises pf Intemperance. 1. Influence of Heredity. 2. Drugging in Infancy. 12 Dietetic Errors. 4. Small Tippling. 5. Relation of Tobacco Using to Intemperance. Mental, Moral, and Physical Effects of Intemperance. 1. General. Effects of Use of Alcohol. 2. Effects on the Body. 3. Effects on the Mind. 4. Effects on Spirituality and Morals. Periodical Inebriety. _ Cure of Intemperance. Spiritual Remedies. 2. Physical Remedies. Tobacco Habit. 1. Increase of Tobacco Habit. 2. Striking Effect of Tobacco. 3. Relation to Other Forms of Intemperance. 4. Rational Cure of the Tobacco Habit. Ł How" Drug Habits are Contracted. 1. Habit-Pro-ducing Drugs. 2. Invariable Tendency to Increase-the Dose. 3. The Baneful Result of these Habit- Producing Drugs. 4. Unsucce§sful Methods of Treating Drug Habits. 5. The Rational and Suc-cessful Method. The subscription price of The 'Life Boat is but twenty-five cents a year. Order it now. These articles alone will be worth many times the price of a year's subscription. Address The Life Boat, 1926 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, Illinois. 