276' THE AMEIRICAN SENTINELŁ fundamental doctrine, the doctrine of what the church is, what it was intended to be, by whom it was founded, by whom it .has been perpetuated, being the casket which contains to-day, shin ng as brightly as before the ages, the ever-living, actually present body of God, teaching and train- ing men for life here and life hereafter. . . . "Now, if your honors please, that is the doc-trine of the Roman Catholic Church; that is the doctrine that is believed in by the Roman Catholic people; believed in sincerely;  conscientiously, un-der their responsibilities, as they understand them, to answer to the bar of Almighty God, in the day of Judgment, according to the light which they have received, in their own reason and their own con-science; for you must bear in mind that the, pro-cess by which a Roman Catholic attains his faith is the same by which your honors do. We seem to make a difference, in that respect, as if the Roman Catholic believed in his church in some other way, by some other organs than those which a Protestant uses when he comes to his convic-tions. Why, if your honors please, there is no compulsion about it; it is a voluntary matter ; they believe it or not, as they choose; there is no external power Which forces them to believe. They believe because they are taught; they be-lieve because they are so educated ; they believe because they have been trained up to it; just as we believe in the Protestant form of religion, because our fathers and our grandfathers and our grandfather's fathers were Protestants. They think they have sufficient reason for their belief; it may be an insufficient reason, but that don't, make any difference to you and me ; it is their reason, and that is enough. Now, they haveŠat any rate so far as the impersonal spirit of jurispru-dence is concerned ; so far as the presiding genius of the civil law is affected with jurisdiction; so far as, your honors, the embodiment of that artificial reason which consists in the collective wisdom of the State can take any noticeŠcivil rights and religious rights, equal to yours and mine. Here are these three great divisions of men and of opinions and of religious faith and worship, all standing be-fore you to-day upon a platform of absolute and perfect equality. "But it is asked by some, who by asking it be-tray their want of comprehension of the real question: Have Protestants no rights? Cannot the majority of the community insist upon their consciences? Must the rights of minorities alone be consulted ? Are we to be ruled by Catholics, or Jews, or infidels? " The answer is obvious and easy. Protestants have no rights, as such, which do not at the same time and to the same extent belong to Catholics, as such, to Jews and infidels too. Protestants have a civil right to enjoy their own belief, to worship in their own way, to read the Bible and to teach it as a part of their religion, but they have no right in this respect to any preference from the State, or any of its institutions. They have no right to insist upon Protestant practices at the public expense, or in public buildings, or, to turn public schools into seminaries for the dissemina-tion of Protestant ideas. They can claim noth-ing on the score of conscience, which they cannot concede equally to all others. It is not a question of majorities or minorities, for if the conscience of the majority is to be the standard, then there is no such thing as right of conscience at all. It is against the predominance and power of majorities, that the rights of conscience are protected and have need to be. If it be said that the Protestant conscience  requires that the Bible be read by and to Prot-estant children, and it is a denial of a right of conscience to forbid it, waiving at present the ob-vious and conclusive answer that no- such right of conscience can require that the State shall pro-vide out of the common taxes for its gratification, it is enough to say, that Catholics then, too, have the same right to have their children taught re-ligion according to their views ;Thot out of the Douay Bible,Šif they do not consider that suf-ficient, but by catechism and in the celebration of the mass, if they choose to insist; that Jews have the same right to have their religion taught in the common schools, not from the English ver-sion of the Old Testament, but according to the practice of their synagogues; and infidels have the same right to have their children taught deism, or pantheism, or positivism. (To be continued.) Ł Sunday-Law Meetings in Fresno. FRESNO, CAL., August 26,1889. EDITOR SENTINEL,: Thinking you would like to hear something in reference to Mr. Crafts' work here, I will send you a few items. Well, he has come and gone. He had two meetings, the first at 8 o'clock, Thursday evening, in the Baptist Church, the other at 3 in the afternoon, Friday, at the same place. The address Thursday, occupied just an hour and a half. It was the same, I suppose, as he gives everywhere. He appears to have it learned by heart.. He paid his usual respects to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and while claiming that it did not much interfere with his work yet we no-ticed that he spent no little time trying to coun-teract its influence in the minds of those present. I should suppose in the three hours, or nearly, covered by both the addresses, he spent about a third of the time noticing the SENTINEL and Seventh-day Adventists. .He did not have much to say about the Seventh-day Baptists, mostly about Adventists. Although trying to be, pleas-ant and courteous, there was a vein of ill-dis-guised spite, and a spirit of retaliation running through his talk on this subject. Ł It evidently makes him ill-tempered to have his work opposed; He can and does pour out the vials of his wrath upon his opponents, and we who understand this movement know full well what he and his associates will do when they get the power. His meetings here and the spirit he has displayed in them have confirmed all our views of what is really behind and in this whole movementŠan intolerant thirst for power, and determination to crush out all opposition. When the vote was put it was against him. More being against the Sunday law than for it. He remarked that the large opposing vote was due to the Adventists, who were no doubt pres-ent in full force; that he could "tell them by their looks," etc. He was evidently not well pleased, and whether it was another "surprise party " to him I cannot say, but it was evident he -was not pleased, and the local clergy seemed chagrined. Possibly there were four hundred present at the first meeting. The vote on each side was not counted. If it had been, the "noes" would have had it by a .nice little majority. The meetings, as regards attendance and enthusiasm, were a fiat failure. His points received but faint applause in the audience. There are eight organized churches here, not counting the Catholics or Adventists. I believe  the colored people have two small societies, but I did not see a colored person' present. The average membership of these eight societies can, I think, be safely put at four or five , hundred. It is safe to say that not more than two hundred of them were present at the largest meeting; so even the churches were poorly represented, so little interest do they take in the work. Two at least of the resident pastors were not present at all, or if so did not "take a front seat." They may have been out of town. Whether a local union was organized or not I have not been able to learn, but I suppose such was the case. Several sermons have since been preached on the Sunday question, so the preachers, some of them at least, are stirred up. Well, let the good work go on. Send out the light and the truth, that all men may know the iniquity that lies in the American Sabbath Un-ion's work. The second meeting was devoted to answering written questions. About twenty, I should think were handed in. He had Much to say at this meeting also against the SENTINEL and its meth-ods, calling on the Seventh-day Adventists to re-pudiate it, and telling them that they were being deceived by it, etc., etc. None of the city papers spoke approvingly of Mr. Crafts' work. They passed it by in silence, as far as I have seen. The two dailies, however, spoke well of Professor Jones' open air address Wednesday evening. N. J. BOWERS. The Law and the--Gospel CALIFORNIA has no " Sunday law," and therein is, we believe, singular amongst the States. Of course, by " Sunday law " is meant pre-scription'by the State, that leads toward a particu-lar observance of the day, and inflicts penalties for its violation. There are Sundays and Sab-baths, and people of equal sincerity and religious sensibilities differ upon the question of which day shall be kept to fulfill the commandment, "Re-member the Sabbath-day to keep it holy." Per-haps, derived from the intense theocratic tenden-cies of our Puritan ancestors, we have been rather prone to give a " Thus saith the Lord " tone to our legislation upon the Sunday question. But pow-erful Christian bodies have risen in the country, which dispute the authority of the first day of the week and plant their. faith in the seventh day, which they keep holy; and on the first day they resume'their ordinary occupations. A Sunday law which inflicts penalties for plow-ing or planting, reaping or sowing,br ripping and sewing, on the first day, compels one set of Chris-tians to smite another set, while both are sincere in their belief, of good report in their conddct, and equally serviceable to the State as good citi-zens. California did not hesitate when the issue was made. She abandoned that sort of Sunday laws, and now every man does as he pleases, and being left to hiniself, with his moral sense as a guide, we are happy to say that nearly every man chooses to do well on Sunday and on the Sabbath. No man is in danger of arrest because, having kept his own Sabbath, he does not also -keep another man's Sunday. The Israelites are freed from a sort of legal bondage, and California is peculiarly a land of religious liberty and tolera-tion. A great many good people were appalled when the Sunday law was repealed in 1883. They 