MAY 31, 1894.  .A..1%/11allEtIC_AW  173 earnest sympathy, not perhaps with the extreme demands of Coxey, but with the organized movement of the suffering un-employed and the demand for public work, not charity, to keep their families and themselves from starving. There is space but for a single instance here. In the camp of the Commonweal, after the pa-rade; a well-dressed man banded a labor union card to Mr. Coxey and said : " There are 1,700 of us, and we all sympathize with you. Possibly we can help you with money, but at any rate we are all with you in this movement, even if we are Government employ4s." A few weeks ago it looked as if 60,000 men would be marching to Washington, and a major-general in the United States Army said: " This is the most dangerous movement since 1861." . . . The march to Washington has been a great school to the men engaged in it. They entered the army with ideas vague and confused, knowing that times were very bad with them, but uncertain why. Now they think they know why. There are many differences of opinion; but their ideas are becoming fixed, and, unfortu-nately, fast grounded in socialism. The Commonweal camp is undoubtedly a so-cialist school; but any attempt to suppress it while its members are law-abiding, would result in infinitely greater evils than does its continued existence. Seventh-Day Observers, Give Heed! [Under the title, " Seventh-day Baptists, Give Hoed," Rev. A. H. Lewis contributes the following article to the Sabbath Recorder. While Dr. Lewis does not realize that the " Collap.so of recent efforts to save Sunday by civil law " is only apparent, and that in reality all the legislative and judicial functions of the country have been immediately committed to its sup-port, yet the logical development of the argument for the support of first-day observance is just what he has pointed out,---necessarily ending in the doing away with the authority of the Scriptures and making the Bible only a book of general principles, necessarily ending in a papacy as its infallible interpreter.] I DESIRE to call the attention of your readers, and especially of all Seventh-day Baptist ministers, to a new phase of the Sabbath controversy which has been pushed to the front within two years past. It is the third phase which has appeared within the memory of your readers who are forty years old. The original Puritan theory of the "change of the day" was still prominent in the most orthodox and religious circles twenty-five years ago. When the more exhaustive treatment of that phase was entered upon by Seventh-day Baptists and others it soon yielded, and the " no Sabbath," " any day," " sev-enth part of time," theory was rushed to the front. This is still presented in vari-ous ways because it seems to afford the nearest retreat when men are pressed by the demands of the Sabbath. But the leaders of thought see that the escape is not complete until the Bible is silenced as a book of definite and specific authority. Hence, in military phrase, they are build-ing a new position for their "long-range guns." It is this :Ñ The Bible is only a book of general principles, and not an authoritative source of specific rules. These general principles may be applied according to indi-vidual choice and to fit changing circumstances. This is the most favorable form of state-ment. It is not made by non-Christian opponents of Sunday, but by Christian leaders who oppose the Sabbath. They say : " You Seventh day Baptists are right, so far as the Bible is concerned, but the latest investigations and the ' Higher  Criticism' show that God never intended the Bible to be accepted as to specific rules." Of course this theory sweeps away the Sabbath, baptism in any form, the Lord's Supper, and in the end the organized church; and many announce themselves ready to accept such an issue. This new theory, or perhaps I should say tendency, is a compound of Quakerism, no-lawism and Roman Catholicism; the amount of each element varying accord-ing to circumstances. There is enough truth in the mixture to make it more at-tractive, and, considering the present state of the public mind, more dangerous than any phase of the Sabbath question which has arisen within the last three hundred years. It is also equally dangerous to Christianity as represented in history. It is another form of the lawlessness which compelled men to the Protestant move-ment. No form of organized Christianity is so directly affected by this issue as that rep-resented by the readers of the Recorder, and by other Sabbath-keeping Christians. Baptists come next in order; while the Roman Catholic fold is created and con-ducted so as .to welcome the flood-tide which will come under the supremacy of such a theory. It has always said : " The Bible is authoritative only as interpreted by the Church." Three prominent factors have united to develop this new position on the part of the enemies of the Sabbath. (a) The strength, persistency and thor-oughness with which the defenders of the Sabbath have marshalled the facts of his-tory in support of the Seventh-day Baptist position. (b) The better knowledge of what the Bible actually teaches. The most earnest and intelligent students of the Bible have learned that Sunday observance has no place in that book. Many of them openly acknowledge this. Others continue to as-sume that it does, while they are seeking new forms of retreat from the facts which they know, but do not openly avow. (c) The collapse of recent efforts to save Sunday by civil law. The various failures connected with Sunday law movements at Washington and elsewhere, and the suc-cess of " Sunday opening " at the World's Fair, have greatly disheartened the advo-cates of more stringent laws by which to save the " Imperiled American Sabbath," although they keep up a desultory firing and make much of the slightest regard for Sunday law which appears anywhere, their tendency to retreat cannot be cov-ered. (d) By no means the least of these fac-tors is the growth of the Roman Catholic doctrine among Protestants, that the au-thority of custom, based on the decrees of the Church, supersedes the "letter of the Bible." This is most significant, since it evinces the fundamental agreement of popular Protestantism with its ancient enemy. The most casual observer must see that this new issue touching the Sabbath in-volves that new era, which must come in Protestant history, unless the Protestant movement has already seen its brightest and strongest days. It must not be for-gotten that Protestantism has not yet reached a final and successful issue. The vigor of its earlier history has not been wholly retained. The fundamental prin-ciples on which it was based, have a wider development and a grander future, or ig-nominious defeat. It is here that Seventh-day Baptists must be awakened to the fact that, as in the early times of their existence, and of Protestantism, so now their position in-volves the fundamental elements of that movement. Their past history and pres-ent struggles are a foolish whim if nothing more than mere " denominationalism " is involved. The greatest danger that threatens the cause which God has en-trusted to the readers of the Recorder is indifference to the greatness of present issues, and a shrinking from the labor and anxiety which are necessary in order to understand and meet them. If their birth-right and their work is not measurelessly larger than the " day of the Sabbath," as ordinarily understood, it is not worth even a " mess of pottage." If it is what I have indicated above, it involves even more than the early stages of Protestant dissent did. Sleepy-eyed men with narrow vision are of no value in such a struggle. STATE OF TENNESSEE, IN THE STJPB1±,
-11VITI: COURT. STATE OF TENNESSEE .1 VS.  }- JACKSON, APRIL TERM, 1894. W. B. CAPPS, IN ERROR. Brief and Argument of W. L. Carter, of Counsel for the Defense. STATEMENT OF CAgh- DEFENDANT was indicted and convicted in the Circuit Court of Weakley County, Tennessee, for following his usual voca-tion of life, that of farming, on Sunday,Ñto "the public nuisance of the commu-nity," etc. Two witnesses only, testified to having seen the defendant labor or his farm on Sunday. One saw him splitting timber, but not within twelve months before the finding of the indictment. The other saw him at two separate times, once in May, 1892, cutting stalks in defendant's field several hundred yards from the witness's house, but in sight; the other time, the same witness went to defendant's house to see him and found him plowing in some land that was left uncultivated in a field of corn. Neither instance was in sight of a public road or other public place. The deputy sheriff also testified that when he arrested the defendant, he said that he was in the habit of working on Sunday, because he kept Saturday, or the seventh day of the week, as the Sab-bath, as he believed the Bible required; that he was a Seventh-day Adventist, and having kept the Sabbath he thought he had the right to work on Sunday, if he disturbed no one. THE OFFENSE CHARGED IS THAT OF A NUISANCE. It will not be contended that any in-dictment will lie in this State for simply laboring on Sunday; for the statute (code sec. 2289) defines and fixes the penalty for Sunday labor at three dollars, to be re, covered before a justice of the peace, one half to the person suing and the other half to the county. The statute reads as fol- lows:Ñ If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person, shall be guilty of doing, or exercising, any of the common avocations of life, or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real necessity or charity excepted, on Sunday, on 