SEPTEMBER 26, 1895. AMIE MI CA_N- NWILINTMT 0 301 tied to due consideration and respect, and their statement of the law must for the time be obeyed. But there is another appeal, and that is to the poWer that makes courts and constitutions and molds governments and forms of society. The final appeal is to the great tribunal of the people," and on the decision of the peple fi-nally must all principles of law and gevern-, ment rest. ',It is thuS 'proper that the press should crit-lCiae, !,er, approve the acts and opinions of fildges, so, long as,i t does so , in honesty and fairnesi ,of purpose to. secure the right. The press, may,err, and when discussing the tech-, niCaliulea of securing justice and 'the piece= -denti.Of courts is more likely to be mistaken than is a judge who has given his life to ex-amining,these, rules. But when it comes to diSenssing the fundamental principles of gov-eriaMent, to pronouncing on questions of pub-liC:Pelicy; to declaring that this law is good because it operates for the public interest, and ':that a decision is bad because it injures the people, the ,press is at least on even ground with. the courts. Clearness of vision in regard "to matters of public policy is probably more `,frequent in the press than among.the judges the  bench. 'It is thus not sacrilege, but in the public interest, that the press should protest against a deciSion which it believes to be wrong, and :appeal from the court to the people, from the agent to the principal. If the court is right it will be sustained. If it is wrong it will be reversed in the long, slow process through which the popular will makes itself known and felt. Ł  SENSIBLE. [Truth Seeker, September 14.] THE-mischievous notion that certain men, by reason of their vocation, are either too good er too bad to exercise the 'ordinary functions ti 'citizens IS quite 'prevalent in the South, Where the constitutions of some of the States forbid a minister to, hold any civil office. In Other words, the, idea of equal citizenship is -164 'in that of Class distinctions based on oc-cupation. By' a curious coincidence, the 611411'61i is stronger in the South than else-Aere, in the country, and laws against free-dom' on Stinday and discrimination against infidels 'are more numerous and stringent, and generally more rigorously enforced. .'A disfranchised or `disbarred class can dom-iriatelegislation in spite of its disabilities if it is accepted ,by the voters and law-makers as the 'teaching.  clasS.  This is precisely the po-sition that the clergy occupy. In view of this fact, the demand Of the Press and Banner, of Abbeville, South Carolina, that the legislature "forever prevent any minister of the gospel from holding office or dabbling in politics" is foolish. in the extreme. Such a law would vastly" augrnent the 'influence of the clergy, for Whate'Ver savors of persecution redounds to' the beiiiiftt of the persecuted. "Ent 'there is a vital principle as well as a qUeStiOn'of expediency involved in this prop-osition. The State can rightfully discrim-inate 'neither for nor against the Church. If its :debars clergymen from office on the''ground'' -that they are too good to Wake and' 'administer laws, it discriminates ostensibly in favor. -of the Church. If it debars them ,on-the gkound that they are too bad; it'  diaerithinates 'ostensibly against the glinich. If it  "ROMs thein"to take part, in 'pOlitical'diseusSion's it denies free speech to a class because they'are 'religAous teachers. The State has nothing whatever to do with — minia- tera pan recognize them only  as inhabitants of the State, subject to the same laws as and no other laws than those which regulate the relations of the other in-habitants. - Ł DIVINE LAW VS. HUMAN LAW. MRS. E. G. WHITE. ' THE law of God is the only rule of recti-tude. Those who are loyal to that law will not be found transgressors of the law of their 'country, unless the lawmakers exceed their rights, and enact laws in opposition to the law of God ; then God must be obeyed. ".If ye love me," says Christ,, " keep my com-mandments." The world may set up its standards and maxims, and governments may enact laws; but if they are counter to the law of Jehovah, the Christian must necessarily be loyal to God, whatever may be the conse-quences. The Christian is in the world, but not of the world. He is to represent the character of God in obedience to his holy, just, and good law. Daniel was a noble statesman; but his best service to Babylon was his unswerv-ing integrity in the worship of God. In spite of the king's decree, he prayed, three times a day with his window open towards Jerusalem, and made no compromise with an idolatrous nation. Great is the responsibility of the Christian world. All heaven is looking down upon those who claim to be Christians, and have the Bible, and yet are not searching the word that they may find "out what is truth. By precept and example they are teaching the world to transgress God's holy law, and to ig-nore the seventh-day Sabbath, which he has blessed and hallowed, and declared to be his holy day. Oh that the vast army of professed Christians would teach men to shun the ex-ample of Adam, who, by transgression,opened the floodgates of woe on our world. But with this example before them, and all its dreadful consequences, they continue to transgress. They have set the world on the wrong track; they lead sinners away from the path of obe-dience to God's word into false paths. They might have been a power for good; but what a responsibility will they have to meet in that day when every man shall receive as his works have been. THE PRINCIPLE OF PERSECUTION. [Southern Sentinel, Melbourne, Autralia.] SAYS Canon Potter, referring to the late controversy arising from the church union question :Š If the present discussion were to win from Rome an authoritative repudiation of the principle of religious persecution, something real would be done to pave the way for the reunion of Christendom.ŠMelbourne Ar-gus, May 13, 1895. Yes; anything that would win from Rome a repudiation of the principle of religious persecution would accomplish a great thing indeed. But nothing will ever do it; for the Roman Church is built upon this very princi-ple, and it would cease to be the Roman Church the moment it repudiated it. The principle of religious persecution is the prin-ciple that the church has the right to use the power of the State, that the church has a right to be established and supported, and have its doctrines and dogmas supported, by law; and this even the Church of England, Canon Potter's own church, has not yet re-pudiated. It still holds on tenaciously to its establishment and its Sunday laws. We only .  wish that every soul on earth would refuse to unite with any church until it would repudiate this principle of religious persecution. A grand stride, indeed, would this be for the right, should they do it. There would still be one church left they could join,Šthe church of Jesus Christ. That never persecutes. TESTING THE SUNDAY LAW. [New York World, Sept. 20.] EX-JUDGE A. J. DITTENHOEFER appeared in the Court of Special Sessions yesterday as counsel for Anton Koeber, a Waiter at' Sulzer's Harlem River Park, who was 'on trial on ,a charge of sabbath-breaking. The, Offense 'al-leged was selling a, glass of soda water Within the gates on Sund  Sunday. Mr. Dittenhoefer an-nounced that if 'the decision' of the court should be against his client he would Carry the case to the Court of Appeals. There are about twenty-five similar cases pending against Sulzer's waiters, and he wished to make this a test case. The case alleged by Koeber was admitted, and the ex-judge raised these points: That all sales on Sunday are not prohibited but only public selling,; that a sale in an inclosure such as Sulzer's Park 'is not public selling; that such sale is no interruption 'of, the repose of the community as contemplated In the statute; that, soda water is a necessity; 'that drinking it is not prohibited, and selling it 'is a labor needful for the comfort of the community; that liquids are foods as well as solids; that never until very recently has the sale of Soda water on Sunday been interfered with, and that the construction of the statute by which such sales are now stopped is erroneous. The court took the matter under advise-ment. MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RE-LIGIOUS PERSECUTION. [The Odd Fellow, Owosso, Mich., July 23.] WE read with unfeigned surprise that seven men have recently been tried, convicted and imprisoned, and placed in the chain-gang at Dayton, Tenn., for quietly working on their farms on Sunday, they being Seventh-day Baptists or Adventists. Such an act is a dis-grace to the people of Tennessee, an in-fringement on the right of religious freedom, that demands and should receive the most emphatic condemnation of all classes of Americans. An Effort to Stifle Conscience. [White River Journal, Washington, Aug. 24.] THE secular press of the country has taken a decided stand against the persecution of the Seventh-day Adventists of the South. , It is time a halt was called upon this cruel and unjust effort of a few zealots to stifle the con-science of these people who will suffer all manner of persecution before they will deny what they believe to be the direct command of God. We would have thought that the' persecution of King in Tennessee would have cooled the ardor of these fanatics, but it only stimulated them to further efforts. "Outrageous." [Pawnee County (Nebr.) Times, July 19.] THE persecution of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, now being indulged in by professed Christians down in Tennessee and other States, is not only-a disgrace to the perse- 