318 A_NMIELICA.N SJEN'T IIIkTMEA VoL. 11, No. 40 are always made to yield the ground. Thus it is sometimes right that an individual should surrender rights. But let each one take care what and whose rights he surrenders. When he sees that he can advance the cause of righteousness by yielding his right to some temporal, interest or possession, it is right that he should do so. Bat not every right can be surrendered. Re-ligious despotism demands that men should surrender the right to think for themselves. But the surrender of this means the surrender of the right to exercise faith in Jesus Christ, and therefore of the right to eternal life which that faith secures. The same despotism demands that men should surrender God's right to their worship and obedience. No such demand can be hon-ored by one who would maintain his Christian allegiance. The dividing line is to be drawn between temporal and eternal interestsŠbe-tween the civil rights of man and the rights of God. The Christian should ever be care-ful not to be tenacious of a civil right at the expense of the prosperity of that cause which stands for the rights of God. s. -4.  A CHAPTER FROM VIRGINIA HISTORY. BY ALLEN MOON. THE historian informs us that " finding that argument availed them little, the friends of the Episcopacy [in Virginia] drew the sword of persecution. It is believed that at this period, (1768) no express statute of Vir-ginia authorized the imprisonment of any man for preaching without being ordained or being licensed according to the Act of Tol-eration; but pretexts have never been wanting for religious cruelty. "In June, 1768, John Waller, Lewis Craig, and James Childs, all zealous Baptists, were seized by the sheriff in the county of Spott-sylvania and carried before three magistrates who stood ready in the yard of the meeting-house. The victims were bound over to ap-pear at court two days afterwards, and when they appeared accordingly they were told they should be released if they would promise to preach no more in the county for a year and a day. This they positively refused to do, and they were immediately ordered to jail." A well-supported tradition has told us that when these three Baptists were brought to trial at Fredericksburg, the prosecuting attor-ney had drawn up an indictment against them ' for preaching the gospel contrary to law.' "Patrick Henry had heard of the case, and he rode fifty miles to hear more. "He kept his seat while the indictment was being read, and while the prosecutor opened the case, then rising, he solemnly addressed the court: "May it please your worships, What did I hear read? Did I hear it dis-tinctly, or was it a mistake of my own? Did I hear an expression that these men whom your worships are about to try for misde-meanor, are charged with preaching the gospel of the Son of God?" "The tone, the manner, the subject, sent an indescribable thrill to every heart. Then, continuing, the orator carried home the ap-peal with such power that the prosecuting attorney turned pale with agitation and the court was hardly restrained from directing the sheriff at once to discharge the prisoners. Yet even Patrick Henry was not strong enough to arrest the tyranny caused by an established church. "In Middlesex and Caroline counties many Baptist ministers were arrested and confined. They were lodged in jails swarming with ver-min, and were treated like criminals; yet their spirits were buoyant, and persecution did nothing but increase the zeal and numbers of the sect. Insult was, then offered to their ministers during service, and frequently mounted men would ride into the water while they were administering immersion, and at-tempt to turn the ceremony into a farce. In 1772 a letter appeared in the Virginia Gazette, addressed to Anabaptists imprisoned in Caro-line County. The writer justifies their im-prisonment on the basis, not of any statute, but of English common law. He charges them with teaching heresy and hateful doc-trines, and with disturbing the peace of reli-gion. He admits that the English Act of Toleration applies to the colony, but denies that the Baptists are entitled to its benefits."* The above reads so like a chapter of the recent history of Tennessee, Georgia and other States, in their treatment of Adventists, that the latter seems almost like a continuation of the same revolting details. The excuse for prosecuting these people is as transparent, and the act as unjustifiable, as were those of the Episcopal Church toward the Baptists of a hundred years ago. And though a people may be misguided, the prin-ciple remains the same. It will not answer to say the Baptists were right and the Ad-ventists are wrong. He is no friend of religious liberty who is satisfied with liberty only for himself, but he is the true friend of liberty who is anxious that every other man shall enjoy equal liberty with himself no matter how greatly the other man may differ from him religiously. Patrick Henry was an Episcopalian, and his church enjoyed the favor of the State in 1768 when he went to defend the Baptists who were being persecuted by his own people for preach-ing contrary to the established faith. Where are the descendants of these Baptists now? Are they satisfied that liberty has been ac-corded them to preach baptism by immersion and all other doctrines of the gospel as they understand them? Baptists believe that the men who persecuted them were fighting against God. Suppose it should finally appear that Ad-ventists too were reformers and that God had called them to preach the restoration of the Sabbath of the Bible, will they be any more excusable for the part that some have enacted toward these people because the States have retained upon their statute books some of the religious laws enacted during the period of religious establishment, or even that have been since enacted? Oh, for more Patrick Henrys to defend the principles of religious liberty, and _to stand for justice for all man-kind. How the religion of Jesus Christ would appeal to the better judgment of men if only those professing faith in it would live out its teaching before the world. THE SUNDAY LAW IN NEW YORK. THE Sunday law of this State is about to be again tested in the courts. The facts are thus stated by the Rochester Herald, of the 24th ult:Š " The defendant members of the Rochester Baseball Club, accused of violating the Sun-day law by playing ball at Riverside Park on Sunday, appeared before Justice of the Peace *Robt. H. Howson, in `_` History of Virginia." Frank, in Irondequoit yesterday, and gave bail to appear before the Grand Jury. The defendants were represented by H. J. Tuttle, of the firm of Tuttle & Hallock. The people were represented by Henry W. Conklin. " If the ball players are indicted, the trial will be an interesting one from a legal stand-point. In the case of the people against Moses, reported in the New York Court of Appeal cases, the defendant was accused of violating the Sunday law by fishing on Sun-day. In that case Judge Earl held that fish-ing on private grounds even is a violation of the law. Judges Finch, Peckham and Gray dissented from the view taken by Judge Earl. Judge Maynard concurred with Judge Earl's opinion on the ground that the act constituted a serious interruption of the religious repose and peace of the community in which the fish-ing was done; so that Judge Maynard's con-struction of the law forms the basis of the in-terpretation of the law laid down by the Court of Appeals. " It will be claimed in the case of the Rochester baseball players that there was no disturbance of the religious peace of the per-sons making the complaint. During the en-tire summer at the Sunday games, where the crowds ranged from 4,000 to 7,000 persons, there was not a single disturbance of any kind. No intoxicating liquors were sold on the grounds; in fact, before the Raines law went into effect, the association in charge of the team permitted no liquor to be sold on the grounds on Sunday. During the entire summer there was not a single fight on the grounds. For this reason it will be claimed there is no just cause for claiming that the religious repose of the neighborhood was dis-turbed by the Sunday games. It will be claimed that the man making the complaint against the Sunday games lives nearly three miles from the grounds, and therefore had no reason for being exercised on the ground of disturbance, against the playing of Sunday games." -4.Š LIMITS OF OBEDIENCE TO CIVIL GOVERN- MENT. OBEDIENCE is to be rendered to all human governments, in subordination to the will of God. These governments are a recognized necessity in the nature of the case, and their existence is manifestly in accordance with the divine will. Hence the presumption is al-ways in favor of the authority of civil law; and any refusal to obey, must be based on the moral proof that obedience will be sin. The one who proposes to dis-regard human law, must be persuaded in his own mind that, in that course, he will meet the approval of God. It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and that, " we ought to obey God, rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can question the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible; to disobey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to execute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only When the case is flagrant, and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. Sometimes a decided attitude, on the part of a large number, in opposition to a wicked law, will set the law aside, and make it inoperative. Such a movement is as 