MARCH 26, 1896. A_ME  11-1,12,1ECA_Ni SIMVPITC-101-4 101 is discovered that each dollar spent for intoxicating drinks coerces the disbursement of another similar sum. That is, if eight hundred millions are spent for drink, another eight hundred millions must be ex-pended to meet the exigencies occasioned by the outlay of the first'amount. This financial holocaust is not only unnecessary, but it is outrageous and ruinous. It is just so much invested to generate brutish intemperance and crime, to manufacture and multiply paupers, and to render the people wretched. It is a price paid for broken hearts; it is making chattels of beggared and orphaned children and widowed and abused women, and a pes-tiferous moral junk shop of society. It is putting a premium on vice and discounting virtue. All this is the legitimate fruit of that incomparable anomaly ycleped the license system, in the name of good gov-ernment. It is impossible to make a minute or exact estimate of the amounts or methods by which the liquor traffic imposes useless and cruel pecuniary burdens on the people. The facts to which we have adverted constitute, in our judgment, an overwhelming argument in favor of prohibition on the single score of political economy. Suppose such a law would only prevent one half the drinking, would it not thus save one half the out-lay for drink, or many millions each year? Is not this one consideration a sufficient economic reason for prohibition? License implies and requires the protection of the authorized vender, and the consequent oppression of society for his benefit. Nearly all legislation on this subject for the five hundred years of thus dealing with the traffic has been against the people and for the protection of the wicked business. Government can-not license without protection. License relieves the seller of all lawful responsibility for the paupers made, the crimes committed, the property destroyed, and the lives lost by his otherwise lawless acts. It is manifest injustice and heartless despotism for the State to hold the licensed seller in any way amenable for the direct and inevitable results of his business, well known in advance, and for which it has deliber-ately sold him legal immunity. Society is utterly defenseless, so far as civil law is concerned, against the flagrant wrongs inflicted upon it by the licensed sale of intoxicating liquors, and must continue to suffer the manifold evils of the system while it abides. Prohibition reverses the unnatural order of the li-cense system by protecting society in advance, by the proverbial ounce of prevention, which is declared to be better than the pound of cure. We believe this to be the only effective method by which we can success-fully cannonade error and canonize truth. No person can be constitutionally licensed to do anything that is prejudicial to the public welfare. The very genius and intention of government are in vaded and inverted by such a monstrous proposition. We therefore declare it to be our solemn conviction that no greater outrage was ever perpetrated, and no more fearful tragedy enacted under any form of gov-ernment known in this world, than that of the licensed sale of intoxicating beverages. Prohibition is not a new proposition among human institutions. It originated in this country almost with our national birth. The Continental Congress passed a resolution on Feb. 27, 1777, six months and twenty-three days after the Declaration of Inde-pendence was issued, recommending " the several States to prohibit the pernicious practice of distill-ing.), Direct prohibition of the liquor traffic has been in vogue in many of the States, from time to time, from that day to this, and successfully enforced. Prohibition of the liquor traffic proposes no new principle of law. Ninety-nine out of every one hun-dred are prohibited under the present license system. The right of search is recognized under all forms of criminal law. The destruction of property illegally or harmfully held is demanded by laws in almost uni-versal existenceŠsuch as impure food, vicious beasts, burglars' tools, etc. Prohibition of the liquor traffic invades no vested rights. All rights under good government come from one or more of three sources, namely, natural, com-mon, or statute laws. Natural law, says Blackstone, requires " a man to live honestly, hurt nobody, and render to every man his due." A liquor seller necessarily violates these three fundamental limitations of government, and in the nature of the case is an outlaw, even though he sells under a license. Common law, says the same author, requires a man not to use his own property to the injury of another, the consent of the second party being no mitigation of the offense. A renter of his house for a saloon, as well as the seller of strong drink, directly transgresses this common compact of government, consent of the victims not lessening the degree of guilt. So we see the modern saloon could not exist under natural or common laws. Statutory  law, in direct contravention of both natural and com-mon laws, gives the legal right to sell. But such a privilege is, of course, held by the decree of the legis-lature, and can be revoked at its option. When such revocation occurs, no legal right to sell liquors re-mains, and therefore no right could possibly be in-vaded or withheld by abolishing all license laws. Let it be remembered that prohibition and the Sunday excise law are incompatible. Acceptance of one means the surrender of the other. Shall we by " law " exalt a reli-gious institution at such a sacrifice as the surrender of prohibition ? Shall we gain in the contest with the saloon by investing it with respectability as a Sunday-keeping and law-abiding institution? The saloon has shown its willingness to keep Sunday; but it is the same death-dealing institution still. Let us have prohibition; and let Sunday and all other religions institutions be left to stand on their own merits. THE PAPACY. THE word " papacy " is derived from " papa," and designates that religious system in which the church acknowledges a visible earthly head. This head is called the papa, or pope. It is obvious that this system demands for the church a human source of authority in spiritual affairs; otherwise her visible, earthly head would be such only in name. This de-mand is met in the pope's claim to infallibil-ity, when speaking " ex-cathedra." Infalli-bility must, of course, pertain to the church's spiritual head. Hence it is equally obvious that this system dispenses with the Scriptures; for they claim to be the source of all authority in questions of religious belief and practice. " To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8: 20. " All scrip-ture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for cor-rection, for instruction in righteousness; that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." 2 Tim. 3: 16, 17. If the church should appeal to the law and to the testimony for knowledge upon every religious question, she would acknowledge as her head the Author of that word, who is Christ. There would be in this no recogni-tion of any visible head on earth. The papal system demands that there should be another "word," equal in authority to that given through the prophets and apostles. But two such words cannot stand together in truth; for they deny each other. The Scriptures deny that any spiritual authority exists in any word other than the word of God; and the pope's word, by claiming to be infallible, contradicts scripture; and this contradiction appears in the very fact that by the scriptural doctrine that all questions are to be determined by the law and the testimony, the pronounce-ments of the pope are superfluous. It is not strange, therefore, that the papal power should look with no great favor upon the Word of God as a guide for the people, and should commit the copies of that Word to the flames whenever she has a favorable opportunity to do so. The papal antagonism to the Bible is simply a necessary part of the antagonism of the papal system to Christianity, in respect to the church's head. For the Word of God declares that Christ is the head of the church, which is his body. Eph. 5:23; Col. 1 : 18. The body cannot have two heads; the church of Christ is not a monstrosity. That church which acknowledges a visible earthly head,  denies by that very act the invisible, divine head, which is Christ. That system of relig-ion is antichrist. Another thing demanded by the papal sys-tem is the union of the church with the State. The word of God has in it the power of God. By his word all things were created. It has all power in itself, so that it needs no other support. But the word of man is powerless in itself; it must have support to make it effectual. That support must be the power of man; and the highest form of that power is represented in the State. The thing produced by the union of the papal system of paternalism in religion, with the State, is designated in the Scriptures as " the beast." RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. [George B. Wheeler in Boston Standard.] THE cause of all the religious persecution that ever existed has been the attempts to compel religious conformity by law, and it is the rise of this spirit that is causing the re-vival of persecution in different parts of the world. In this country, and by Protestants, it is enforcing conformity by law to the observance of Sunday as a sacred day by abstaining from both labor and amusements on that day. This has already resulted in outrageous persecution for conscience' sake in several States, instigated by Protestants and approved by many leading Protestant religious papers and clergymen. The history of the past shows abundantly that another feature of this persecuting spirit is that civil reasons are always ascribed as the motive, and never religious reasons. It is so even now. In New England the rise of this spirit enforcing religious conformity by law in the observance of Sunday as a sacred day finds expression in the New England Sabbath Pro-tective League, formed for the purpose of defending the " sabbath " against encroach-ments upon its- sacredness by business and pleasure,, and to maintain a proper observance of the Lord's day by legislation. The principle involved in this is .a direct blow at the liberties of the people. It takes away the individual's right of private judg-ment in a matter that pertains to his own good, which right lies at the basis of his liberties; and says to him, you must keep Sunday sacred by abstaining from both work and amusements for your own good. If you differ from us in your belief as to the sacred-ness of the day and its necessity for your good, that makes no difference, we shall com-pel you to lay aside your judgment and put ours in the place of it. In this movement the State at the behest of the church practically confiscates one-seventh of every individual's natural right to his time, to do whatever may in his judgment contribute most to his happiness, so far as he does not infringe on the equal rights of his neighbor. And if it has the right to do that, it has the right to take two-sevenths, or to take the whole of his time and reduce him to slavery, because that principle is.recognized. To illustrate, suppose the Roman Catholic hierarchy should get control of this common-wealth, as many fear, and should pass a law that no one shall desecrate any of their holy days (over 200 in number) by engaging in either labor or amusement on them: would Protestants acquiesce and acknowledge the principle to be just ? No; they would look upon it as an outrageous assault upon their 