AMERICAN SENTINEL. 649 of my perpetrated crime? In the case of a condemned Christian martyr who was about to be led to the stake, it is supposable, that by having contrived a mine, he may preserve his life by suddenly firing it and blowing his persecutors into the air. Would Christianity justify the act? Or what should we say of him if he committed it? We should say that whatever his faith might be, his practise was very unsound; that he might believe the gospel, but that he certainly did not fulfill its duties. ŠFrom "An Inquiry into the Accordancy of War with the Principles of Christianity." THOMAS COLLIGAN, an ice peddler, of Springfield, Mass., failed to respond to a summons served upon him about a month ago because of a complaint against him for selling ice on Sunday, and was brought before the Police Court judge October 9. He pleaded guilty to the complaint and was fined KO. * * * WHEN the United States Government can view with evident concern the prospect of the obliteration of re-publican government in South Africa by the onward march of an imperialist power, there is ground for the suspicion that its own republicanism is on the wane. * * THE Filipinos are being subjugated because they do not know how to govern themselves, and the Boers are to be subjugated fof a like reason,Šthey do not know how to govern themselves in the way that suits the English gold-hunter. The reason is as valid in the one case as in the other. IF imposing restrictions upon the franchise be a valid cause for war against the Boers, what must be said of the action of the United States Government in excluding the Chinese from American citizenship on any terms, and even from setting foot on American soil? The Transvaal has as good a right to exclude the Eng-lish as this Government has to exclude the Chinese. * * ENGLAND claims that she is forced to make war upon the Boers because their government is unjust and behind the times. A few years ago a government which beyond  all doubt was unjust, even rotten, and unprogressive to the last degree, was in addition to all this, engaged in slaughtering Armenian men, women, and children, by the tens of thousands, yet somehow England did not feel called upon to interfere. Allowing that the Boer government is unjust, why is England called upon to subjugate an unjust government in South Africa, and leave unmolested an indescribably worse one nearer home? To see this fine distinction it is necessary to have a glittering gold piece held before the eye. * * THERE has been formed in Chicago a national or-ganization of the American Young People's Christian Temperance Union, which will attempt, as one of its chief lines of work, to secure a million votes for the Pro-hibition Party. * * THE Congress of the Republic of Ecuador has confis-cated all the property owned by the Roman Catholic Church in that country. The proceeds are to be applied to sustain state schools. * * BOLTON HALL, a son of the late Rev. Dr. John Hall, of New York City, has announced the formation of a new anti-expansion organization, of which he is the temporary secretary, to be known as "The American League." The objects of the League, as stated by Mr. Hall, are to "curb, if possible, the military spirit and to retain the American spirit, which up to 1898 had guided the people of the United States." The league has an office on Broadway, in this city. * * * A PAPER which ardently supports the policy of Phil-ippine conquest, makes note of the fact that "There is a rumor that certain European powers are preparing to object to our blockade of the Philippines, and to follow up their objection with a joint note asking how soon we expect the islands to be pacified," and inquires, "If we have not pacified a belt four miles wide in eight months, what sort of answer shall we give to the question?" * "According to Mr. McCutcheon, the Manila corres-pondent of the Chicago Record, we have captured and abandoned twenty-one towns, some of them several times each, and in one case six times. Macabebe, the only town whose people were our friends, we took and then deserted, leaving it to be burned by the insur-gents." * * The Government would not retire from the Philp-pines because it feared the world would laugh; but as it is, the world is laughing, and may yet do something more than laugh. 