THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 389 cord with the Committee which called the Confer- ence. To this, a Baptist pastor makes reply as follows, in the Examiner of November 20 :Š As a member of the Committee which presented the resolutions,' I wish to say that, the Committee thoroughly under-stood the position of our Presbyterian brethren, as set forth by Dr. Payson, and that, after reading his letter in the Exam-iner, still wish our resolutions to be inter-preted literally. We are sorry that any one should infer from our utterance that we believed the Presbyterian Synod advocated the union of Church, and State. It would hardly be a fair inference. What we did say was this " If the State may teach religion in schools, the State may teach religion in churches of her own establishment;" thus pointing out that the principle underlying State instruction in 'religion in public schools is the very principle which under-lies. State churches. To protest against the one and, to advocate the other is a posi-tion dangerously inconsistent. Dr. Payson fears that our Committee failed to get the distinction between " re= ligion " and " sectarianism;" and under-stands us to say, " The State shall not in-vade matters of conscience or of religious (sectarian) opinion." Now, we meant just what we said. We did not understand the Synod as advocating sectarian instruction in the schools. We object to that, and we object to any sort of religious instruction by the State. We cannot agree with Dr. Payson, that the State, should teach in its public schools " the, existence of God, and the responsibility of the human soul to him here_ and hereafter." We most thoroughly believe these truths, but we, do not believe theyhave any proper, place in, public school instruction. Dr. Payson tells us that "these truths are common to all sects and distinc-tive of none." We think he is mistaken. The,sect of the Infidels, of the Agnostics, of theŁ Buddhists, and of the Necessitarians do not accept, these truths in, the sense( in which the Presbyterian Synod urMerstands them. We may not agree with these unbe.:  lieving friends of ours, but they have their sacred rights, and one of them is the right of freedom, from taxation in the support of public schools in which religious tenets obnoxious to them are taught, and another is the right to public instruction for their children, without the necessity of having forced upon them doctrines they do not be- lieve. We claim, these as our rights. Has not the Infidel and the Agnostic the same rights ? Or does it make a difference whose ox is gored ? We believe with Dr. Payson that these truths "are the indispensable foundations for the morality which belongs to whole- some citizenship," but that does not prove to us that they ought to have a place in the public school curriculum for we believe, too, that faith in Jesus Christ is the essential  thing in building up the best character in the citizen, and surely no one advocates putting the teaching of that into our public instruction. . It seems strange that Dr. Payson should say, " If the state cannot teach these fundamentals of what we consider true morality, it would better not teach at all." Surely education, general intelligence, and culture have a value independent of relig-ion. Religion is the great good, but there are some other gOod things too, viz.: water, steam, civilization, gentility, honesty. Why should the State not teach arithme-tic, geography, reading, and writing, even if it does not give didactic instruction in morals ? In short, we believe that, as cit-izens we should do all in our power to di-vorce the public schools from politics, and to secure the appointment of pure-hearted persons as teachers, but we do not believe the State should give formal instruction in morality. Let that be taught in the home, in the church, by the personal influ-ence and character of the public school teacher. Is it said that many have no such instruction at home or at church ? Very well, let the Church redouble her efforts and not call on the State to help her out. We take this broad ground for two rea-sons. The ordinary public school teacher is not competent, intellectually, to teach morals. And again any thorough teaching must involve moral philosophy to a greater or less extent. The questions must come, " Why ought I ? " and " Ought I always to follow my conscience ? " and "What do you mean by conscience ?" These are questions on which learned and Christian men radi-cally disagree. On such subjects, I wish to instruct my own child. I'do not care to be forced to unteach at home what is taught in the school. Just one more point. Are all Christians agreed about the "existence of God and the responsibility of the human soul to him here and hereafter" ? The God I worship and love is a very different being from the God of the Hyper-Colonist, of the Unita-rian, or even (A .-the Romanist. Nor do I believe in the milk-and-water God of the sentimentalist. Surely Dr. Payson does not suppose that he can confine discussion on the existence of God in a schoolroom full of questioning children to the bare fact of be-ing. The children will ask what sort of a being he is, and will get their answer too, sometimes from Łan infidel teacher, some-times from a Unitarian, sometimes from a Ł Romanist or a Jew, and the practical effect will be either dead formality or the spec-tacle of a set of unregenerate and ignorant people teaching theology. I shall keep my children at home if this plan succeeds. And when we go on to moral responsibility to God, involving, of course, the matter of rewards and punishments, would it be pos-sible to avoid a teaching of universalism, restorationism, annihilation, second proba-tion, purgatory, and what not ? I have written this letter with the high- est appreciation of the Christian character and generous courtesy of Dr. Payson, but I cannot agree with him. I should say in closing that I do not pretend to speak for our Lockport Committee, but I believe I have in the main expressed their senti- ments. Yours truly, FREDERICK L. ANDERSON. Rochester, November 19th. Our Chicago Letter. THE BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS. THE interest in the question of the Bible in the public schools has not abated since my last letter, although a marvelous change has taken place. When the ques-tion was first introduced by the petition work of the Woman's Moral and Educa-tional Union, the Protestant ministers of this city were almost unanimous in favor of placing the Bible back in the public schools. There were, however, 'a few able men in nearly all the denominations who protested in the name of justice. Never-theless, it is safe to say that nine-tenths of the Protestant ministers of Chicago either openly favored the enforced reading of the Bible in the city schools or gave tacit con-sent to the movement which had that in view. It now appears that a majority are opposed to the movement. The first radical change was made 1'; the Baptist ministers. Dr. Hensen, one of the leading Baptist ministers of the city, and a man of national reputation, and one who had signed the petition to rein-state the Bible in the public schools, re-canted and delivered a powerful address before the Baptist ministers' Monday morning meeting, taking the position that the movement was a menace to religious liberty. He settled down on the historical Baptist position of entire separation of Church and State for the good of both. The address was enthusiastically applauded and elicited no opposition. Among the Methodists a marked change'  has taken place, ,though not so unanimous as among the Baptists. Dr. H. C. Jack-son, of the Mansfield Avenue Methodist Church, should be regarded as the pioneer in the agitation which brOught about this change. As early as last spring he preached a sermon from the text, "Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Cwsar's and unto God the things which are God's," in which he argued against everything savoring of a union of Church and State. His present views of this question are the result of a careful study of Romanism, and he regards the present movement to force the Bible into State schools as partaking of the Roman Catholic idea of a union of Church and State. With these clear views of the question, it is not to be wondered at that his voice should be among the first to be heard protesting against the movement. In my last com-munication I stated that a resolution 