84 NIC IEI-1., I CAIN-  LIEN9L' I NIEL,. VoL. 10, No. 11. ROME NEVER DEMANDED MORE. THE Christian Statesman, of February 16, publishes an address delivered by Dr. R. J. George, at a convention of compulsory Sun-day-observance advocates, held recently at -New Castle, Pa. The addresS, which, with others, the Statesman promises will soon Łap-pear in pamphlet form, is entitled, " The Duties of the State to the Church." and is treated under eight heads. The reader may be inclined to doubt that it is possible for a minister outside the pale of. Rome to take such positions, but each of the eight positions were boldly taken and soberly de-fended and heartily indorsed by the conven-tion and by the leaders in the movement for the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws. The following positions are startling indeed, but they are the logical outcome of the first step,Ša Sunday law :- 1. It is the duty of the State to recognize the inde-pendent authority of the Church. 2. The State is to be subservient to the Church. 3. The State should profess the true Christian re-ligion. 4. The State should require scriptural qualifica-tiOns in her rulers. 5. The State should restrain practices that are in-jurious to religion. 6. The State should maintain a true standard of minas. 7. The State should protect the Church. 8. The State should support the Church by timely -gifts. And now we ask, if this is not a faithful description of the "beast," the papacy? And :since it is not the " beast " that is here speak-ing but an apostate Romanizing Protestant-ism, it can be none other than the Apocalyptic _" image to the beast." The Roman Catholic Church, in the darkest of the darkness of the Dark Ages, never de-manded more from the State and never em-ployed more in exterminating heretics than is here demanded. And this is the dominant sentiment of the present crusade for the en-forcement of the Sunday-Sabbath, the " mark" or badge of the " beast," on those who "keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." (See Rev. 14:8-12.) Ł PERSECUTING COLONEL INGERSOLL. ROBERT G. INGERSOLL does not believe the Bible, but on the contrary declares that he believes it his conscientious duty to. lecture -against it for the gate receipts minus expenses. This he has a right to do. And this right should be held sacred and defended by all, including those who believe the Bible to be the Word of God. However, this is not the view taken by cer- tain ministers of Hoboken, N. J., who, led by one, Rev. H. T. Beatty, a Presbyterian, recently attempted to prevent Col. Ingersoll from delivering his lecture against the Bible in their city. There is on the statute books of the State the following law:Š If any person shall willfully blaspheme the holy name of God, by denying, cursing, or contumeliously reproaching his being or providence, or by contume-liously reproaching Jesus Christ or the Holy Ghost, or the Christian religion, or the holy Word pf God (that is, the canonical scriptures contained in the books of the Old and New Testament), or by profane scoffing at or exposing them or any of them to con-tempt and ridicule, then every person so offending shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $200 or imprisonment at hard labor, not exceeding twelve months, or both. The ministers of Hoboken invoked the old law against Col. Ingersoll, and tried to have -the authorities use it to prevent the lecture. But the Corporation Council announced that Mr. Ingersoll could not be prevented from delivering his address, but that should he vio-late the law, he would be promptly arrested.  The agitation of the matter procured for the Colonel an immense audience, among which were the prosecuting preachers and their police. Col. Ingersoll, by ingenuity, suc- ceeded in delivering his address in such a way as to technically escape the law and disappoint the preachers. The SENTINEL, as our readers know, has no sympathy with Mr. Ingersoll's attacks on the Bible, but we do demand for him the freedom of speech. The God of the Bible is well able to defend himself, and since he chooses to per-mit Mr. Ingersoll to express himself freely about the Bible, the preachers had better fol-low His example. And besides, who is to define what is - blasphemy ? Col. Ingersoll ridiculed the idea of an eternal burning hell in which sinners writhe in indescribable agony throughout the countless ages of eternity. Doubtless this would be regarded as blasphemy under the law, but if denying this dogma of the ChUrch is regarded as blas-phemy, then we would be regarded as blas-phemous also, for we deny it, and deny that the Bible teaches it. The early Christians were regarded as blas-phemous because they declared that the gods of the heathen were no gods. The State has no infallible tribunal by which to determine what is blasphemy, and is there-fore not competent to pass upon the question. The preachers may decide for theinselves, but let them not call upon the civil law to enforce their decision. We close with the remark that certain preachers, by their so-called higher criticism, are doing more to destroy faith in the Bible than are the lectures of Col. Inger-soll. SWITZERLAND VS. THE FOURTH COMMAND- MENT. IN the last case of Switzerland against the fourth commandment, the city court of Basel failed to make out its case. This was not because the fourth commandment had not been obeyed, and the factory law disobeyed. It was clearly shown in court, by the state-ment of Mr. Revilly, the book-keeper, by the ready acknowledgment of the workers them-selves, and by the minute report of the police, that labor was regularly performed in the publishing house on Sunday. The fourth commandment was obeyed. The factory law was disobeyed. Nothing could be more clear. However, no one could be found upon whom the penalties of the law could be visited for this. That faithful minister of the gospel whom the law holds alone responsible for this observance of the commandment of God by those working under his management, is in the United States attending the General Con-ference of his denomination. The factory law, though not in the Sunday clause, but in another paragraph, particularly specifies that no employd, not even the foreman, but the manager alone, is responsible. Therefore, if the court were to have held the book-keeper it would have been necessary for it to have gone outside the terms of the law to have done so. In obedience to the summons of the court, Mr. Revilly presented himself at the hour ap-pointed. Before entering the court room he was assured that it was not the intention of the court to attempt to make him perSonally responsible, but to examine him as to the facts in the case. Yet, in the face of that, and the positive terms of the factory law, the public prosecutor formally asked the court to hold him as the responsible head of the busi-ness, and suggested that as a matter of con-sideration towards him the penalty be limited to two hundred francs. And this, too, after a clear statement to the court by Mr, Bodily  of the position which he held and his duties as office-clerk and book-keeper. In reply to this formal demand for his con-viction, the duties of the book-keeper were restated, and his limited authority shown, the court being also asked, if in any doubt as to the matter, to call any of the employds of the establishment, most of whom were in the court room, to testify upon this point. The court did not call the witnesses, but after consideration, dismissed Mr.Revilly as not be-ing, under the factory law, the responsible person against whom action could be brought, and penalties imposed for Sunday labor done in the publishing house. There is no clue as to what, if any, will be the further action of the authorities in the attempt to compel the observance of Sunday by the Imprimerie Polyglotte. W. H. MCKEE. Basel, Switzerland. "FROM SUCH TURN AWAY." IN several places in the Word of God we are told that in the last days perilous times will come. These perilous times are to come in different ways and upon different classes. There are perilous times to come upon the people of God as the result of persecution by those calling themselves Christians; but there is a more perilous time for, them than perse-cution. We find this stated in 2 Tim. 3:1-5: "This know also, that in the last days peril-ous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthank-ful, unholy, without,,natural affection, truce- Ł breakers, fa's' ,accusers,--ircontinent, fierce, despisers o_ that are good, traitors, heady, highmi_ viers of pleasures more than lovers of Gi,, wing a form of godli- ness, but denying power thereof." Notice the class of men here spoken of. They are members of the church, for the Word says that they have " a form of 'godli-ness." The Lord, through Paul, is here speaking to those who would be His followers, for He gives a warning: "From such turn away." The class spoken of in the scripture quoted is to have "a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." How can men deny the power of God ? In Rom. 1:16, we are told that the gospel of Christ " is the power of God unto salvation." Then when men refuse to follow the teachings of Christ, they deny the power of the gospelŠthe power of God. When they appeal to the civil power to aid them in enforcing obedience to their doctrines, they deny the power of God. They say by such action that Christ does not manifest the power he promised to his followers. The warning from the Lord to his followers is, "From such turn away." The gospel of Christ " is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believ-eth." Then is there not power enough in the gospel to turn men to God and to his law without appealing to the civil power? The Apostle Paul was not ashamed of this gospel, this power ; he said to the Romans: " So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also. For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ." Paul had a practical knowledge of the power there is in the gospel. He had seen through his preaching thousands added to the church. The Lord added them to the church by the power of the gospel, not by the power of the State. They were added to the church through the preaching of the gospel.; 9' ti is the power of God. -1 If the ministers of to-day would preach the 