308 Tr-in AmnlatcAN SENTINEL. and that whosoever rebels against governmental authority, rebels against God. If this is true, then they must believe that our government has no right to exist, for it is the outcome of a rebell-ion. But say they, We do not believe that the pow-ers that be are ordained of God to such an extent that men ought never to rebel against them; but that when the power of the government is exerted unjustly men have the right to rebel. When they make this admission they surrender the whole ground, for if God has not delegated to the rulers of earth absolute power over their sub-jects in all things, then he has drawn the line somewhere. This he has done in the words, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's," thus reserving unto himself the things pertaining to him, and delegating to man the regu- lation of those things pertaining to man. H. H. FISHER. e lb I' National Reform Infidelity. WE have just chanced to pick up an old copy of the Christian Statesman, the issue of July 7, 1887, in which there is an article entitled, " The Bible in our Public Schools." This article is re-ferred to editorially as " a masterly article ; " and therefore whatever statements are contained in it may be considered as voicing the views of the Statesman and of its party. We have not time or space at present to review the article as a whole, but simply call attention to the following paragraph, under the sub-head, "Historical Value of the Bible." The writer says :Š " There is another aspect of this subject which seems to be generally overlooked, viz., Is the use of the Bible in our public schools entirely and exclusively a religious question?ŠI think not. Ought the Bible to be used as a text-book?ŠMost decidedly I think it ought, and for these reasons: Viewed simply as literature the Bi-ble is a collection of valuable ancient manuscripts coming to us from a most respectable sourceŠnatural and national history, poetry, biography, axiomatic philosophy, etc. Are not the histories of the an-cient giants and Noah, of Nimrod and of Babel, of Abraham, Jacob, David, and Daniel as good 'secular history as anything collected from ancient sources by Rollin, Rawlinson, and Layard ? Is not the poetry of the book of Psalms, and Job, and Isaiah, quite as good as that contained in the works written by Homer and Virgil? Are not the biblical narratives associated with Nineveh, Damascus, and Memphis, with Hebron and Jerusalem, quite as valuable secular truth as any-thing recorded elsewhere about Sparta or Athens, Rome or Carthage? The earthquake of Lisbon was not a more real and historical event than that pre-vious earthquake by which Korah, Dathan, and Abi-ram were engulfed; the volcanic overthrow of Sodom in the vale of Siddim is quite as good secular history as is the overthrow of Pompeii in the neighborhood of Mount Vesuvius; Robin Hood and his " merrie men " outlawed in the forest, or Rob Roy in his Highland cave with his clansman, is a story not a whit more natural or secular than David in the cave of Adullarn ; the ethics of Solomon are quite as valuable in a purely terrestrial sense as anything that comes to us from Socrates or Plato; the voyages of Solomon's fleet, and the voyage of Paul from Caesarea to Rome by way of Malta, were events quite as instructive from a secular point of view as the voyages of the ancient Argonauts, Carthagenians, or Phoenicians, or of the Puritan Pilgrims across the Atlantic. The God of Sinai is quite as respectable (and probably quite as real) as any deity of Olympus; and the religious cere-monies of the tabernacle in the wilderness, as the temple on Moriah, form as real history and quite as good secular morals as anything religious emanating either from Egypt or from regions called classic. All the biblical narratives (I wish to emphasize) are gen-uine secular history in these senses, viz., the events occurred on earth; the actors and writers were real men and women; those events, those facts, those literary productions, t4ese religious ceremonies, oc- curred during certain secular periods within certain geographical limits, and are not to be relegated to the transcendental and prehistoric regions of the 'legen-dary and mythical. Nay, I fearlessly assert that the story of Jesus of Nazareth is, in the proper sense, as good secular history as that of Julius Cmsar, or Ghen-gis Khan, or Napoleon ; and the apostolic narrative called the Acts, as any extant chronicles of the Hep-tarchy or history of the Plantagenets." Just think of it, the Bible placed on a level with secular history, and declared to be secular history ! the overthrow of Sodom and Gomor- rah compared to the overthrow of Pompeii ! Robin Hood compared with David ! the Prov- erbs of Solomon compared with the sayings of Socrates and Plato! and to crown all, the blasphemous comparison of the God of Sinai with the deities of Olympus, and he placed on a level with them! and the incomparable story of Jesus of Nazareth compared with Julius Csar, Ghengis Khan, and Napoleon ! We say that such comparisons are simply blasphemous ; and no one who has any respect for sacred his- tory will dissent from the statement. There is no likeness whatever between the biblical narra- tive and the tales of secular writers, except that they were real occurrences. But this point we would emphasize, and that is that, apart from the religious features of it, the historical narrative has no point whatever. The simplest historical state-ments of the Old Testament were written by in-spiration of God as much as the highest flights of Isaiah or Ezekiel. They are written for the spir-itual encouragment and the moral upbuilding of those who read them ; and they derive their whole force and importance from their religious character. To teach them as mere secular his-tory is to lose sight of the real object of them. Nay, more, it is to lower the Bible to the level of human productions. We know that a great deal is said about the necessity of a knowledge of Old Testament his-tory in order to a liberal education. But we af- firm that one might as well not study the Bible at all as to study it from a mere secular stand-point.. The Jewish nation was not a vast one ; they were, as Moses said, "the fewest of all peo-ple." Their territory was exceedingly small, and their place in the history of the world is exceed-ingly insignificant, if we separate it from the vital religious truths that their history is designed to convey. Looking at it from the standpoint of inspiration and religion, their history is the most important of all history ; and the Bible narrative is the key which unlocks all history; and the Bi-ble is the point from which the study of all his-tory should begin; but divorced from religion it means nothing whatever. It would be utterly impossible for anyone to bring a stronger charge against the movement to teach the Bible in the public schools than is af-forded in the paragraph above quoted. The ad-vocates of that movement may style its opposers infidels if they choose; but in the face of such a lowering of the divine word, and of such secular-izing on the Bible, we think that all thoughtful Christians will unite with us in saying that the movement is an infidel movement from beginning to end ; and that the success of the National Re-form movement to have the Bible taught in the public schools would mark the inauguration of a period of infidelitythat could find no parallel out- side of France in the"titiie- of the-revolution. In the face of articles that show such an utter igno-rance of the true character of the Bible, so light a regard for it as to compare it, not simply with secular history, but with the narratives of fiction,  we think we are justified in declaring the so-called National Reform movement to be not Christian, but infidel and atheistic in its tend-ency. Let the National Reformers clear them- selves from this charge if they can. E. J. W. The Commonwealth of Souls I THE Christian Statesman of July 4, 1889, says that The moral and religious needs of the army and navy of the United States have been brought before several church courts within a year or two, and ac-tion has been taken looking to-- " 1. The appointment of chaplains in such numbers as to provide for every post occupied by troops. "2. A movement to secure the convocation of the chaplains in annual session for conference about their work, and for devising new and improved methods. " 3. The setting apart of the Sabbath on or immedi-ately preceding the Fourth of July as Army and Navy Day, on which one service, at least, will be held in connection with that patriotic occasion, when spe-cial prayers shall be offered, and the attention of the congregations called to the duty of the church toward the naval and military forces of the country, which are maintained for the supremacy of authority and defense of our orders, who, by the manner of life re-quired in the service of their country, imperil both soul and body for the common good. "4. That gambling be prohibited in the army and the navy. "5. That the use of intoxicating liquor as a beverage be prohibited. " 6. That the rights of Christian officers and men to a conscientious observance of the holy Sabbath be,  guaranteed against invasion by superiors in requiring any duty not exigent and unavoidable. " 7. That a commission of five, with a corresponding secretary, be appointed to co-operate with like com-missions from other churches in obtaining, as soon as possible, the legislation necessary to secure the above-mentioned improvement in the moral and religious condition of our soldiers and marines ; and also to act as a board to examine and recommend for ap-pointment to the position of chaplain, such ministers as may apply for such position." When the legislation necessary to secure all that has been adopted, then, how far will the country be from a union of Church and State ? How far from a church domination in civil af-fairs ? But beside all this, whoever before heard of any man's imperiling his soul for the public good ? What good can any man do to the public by imperiling his soul ten thousand times? A man cannot do the public, nor himself, nor any-one else, any good by imperiling his soul. He can do only harm to himself, and, perhaps indirectly by his influence, to others. A man cannot im-peril his soul except in the way of sin, and sin never can be for the common good, nor any other kind of good. Sin is the only tbing that can ever imperil anybody's soul. Suppose then that the common-wealth of souls were imperiled, and for the com-mon good of souls the men in the army and navy, one and all, by some masterly stroke of sin, im-peril their souls for the common good ; what pos-sible benefit could ever that be to any soul? It would only the more certainly imperil the souls of those who did it. But all this is consistent with the National. Re-form idea of the oneness of moral and civil things. Civil ,government is for the common good. If a man can imperil his soul for the common good, it must be that the souls_ of men are a part of the commonwealth, and wheit anyone-  sees the com-monwealth of souls in danger he shall imperil his for the common good! Did such wild nonsense ever get into the brain of anybody but a National Reformer ? -.. A. T. J. 