56 AMERICAN SENTINEL. SAMOA, with its continual strife and frequent at tempts at revolution, is an illustration of the practical working of the plan of teaching a people self government by holding them under military domination. IT is often asserted as an argument against self-gov-ernment by semi-civilized races, that the small republics of Central and South America are almost continually in a state of revolution. We reply: Take the papacy out of those countries, and the revolutions and civil strife will vanish with it. Where the papacy is it will either dominate or make trouble. * GENERAL WOOD, commanding the American troops in Cuba, is calling for an army of 50,000 troops. The climate is so unhealthful, he says, that half the men sta-tioned there will be sick, and 50,000 will be needed in order to have enough well men left to constitute an ef-fective force. Query: How many lives of American citi-zens is it worth while to pay out in holding tropical or semi tropical countries for the sake of national "glory"? * TEN thousand Indians, it is announced, are to march from Vinita, a small town in Indian Territory, to the capital of Mexico, and settle in various localities in that country, where they have already made large purchases of land. The paper making the announcement states that "The main reason for their leaving :is alleged mis_ treatment on the part of the United States." This is the way savage tribes enjoy self-government under United States authority at home. STATE SENATOR RAINES, of New York, announces that he will amend his well-known liquor law so as to prohibit the sale of liquor in the "fake" hotels to which his law gave beingŠand in all other hotels as wellŠon Sundays. He says it is not a measure aimed at New York City alone, but at saloons throughout the State. "I have never noticed any difference," he is quoted, "be-tween the saloon-keepers there and those in other sec-tions of the State. They are all anxious to make a penny, and they don't seem to care whether it is made on Sunday or on any other day. I will teach these people that there is a God in Israel." AND Senator Raines and the people on whom he relies for support in this matter do not seem to care whether saloon-keepers "make a penny" or not by their nefarious business, so long as it is not made on Sunday. It is because they thus desecrate Sunday that they must be taught, by legislation, that Senator Raines is a god "in Israel," enthroned in the senate chamber at Albany, and that they must bow to him on Sundays or suffer the pen-alties of the civil law. Temporary Sovereignty in the Philippines. Washington, D. C., January 14, 1899. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: The proposition to take for the United States the sovereignty of the Philippines temporarily has been put forth by Senator Foraker as the policy of the Administration; and it is sought to se-cure the ratification of the proposed treaty with Spain in order to secure for us this temporary sovereignty. Cui bono? Would it not, under the terms of the treaty with Spain, devolve upon us the obligation to secure to the monastic orders of those islands all the property they claim there, without regard to the rightfulness of their claims? And would not we be obliged to stipulate for the security of such claims, in case we should eventually resign the sovereignty to the natives. If we failed to do so would not the United States be bound to reimburse the monks for all monastic property which the native government might confiscate? If the monks were ban-ished, would they not come here, and with the money paid them by this Government in pursuance of its obli-gation to protect their property in the Philippines, es-tablish monasteries in these States or in Washington itself? Would they not he entitled under the treaty to do that? I am forced to view the position of the Administra-tion with suspicionŠto regard it as a dangerous scheme in the interest of the monastic orders. We have had enough of monastic subtlety. It never brought peace to any nation. It will not bring peace to ours. It would erect a Spanish hell on the ruins of our Republic. But under the treaty we should be obliged to take the sovereignty of the Philippines either permanently or temporarily. The Constitution does not empower Con-gress to assume sovereignty permanently, except of ter-ritory designed to be admitted into the Union as States. Sound policy forbids us to bring the Philippines into the Union upon such terms.. The only rational course left, therefore, is to reject the treaty. Temporary sovereignty would prove only a cloak for fraud and an incitement to revolution at home. JOSEPH BRADFIELD. THE essence of true liberty is moral power. 