354 VOL. 9, No. 45. pro-phets, and shall show great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possi-ble, they shall deceive the very elect." Again he says in that revelation which God gave to him (Rev. 1.1), speaking of a certain power that would arise,Šhe " deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do." 6Thus it is seen that the three things, " miracles, wonders, and signs," which were a proof that Jesus was " approved of God," are by the same God and the same Jesus pointed out as signs of last-day antichristian powers. — But who perform these miracles, and signs, and wonders ? Let the same revela-tion answer: "They are spirits of devils working miracles." 6Again the Lord by Paul warns of a falling away before the coming of the Lord, and in consequence, " the working of Satan with all power, and signs, and lying wonders."' If, then, miracles, and signs, and won-ders are wrought when people invoke dead men,Šinstead of him whom God raised from the dead, and "who ever liv-eth to make intercession for us,"Šthey are miracles wrought by the spirit of "devils working miracles." It is the beginning of the working of Satan with all power, and signs, and lying wonders. And this invoking dead men, instead of the living God, is itself one of the evidences of the second coming of Christ. At the time when some are waiting for the Lord, there is so remarkable a seeking unto the dead that the inspired prophet exclaims: " Should not a people seek Ł unto their God ? On behalf of the living should they seek unto the dead ? " Thus it is seen that the Roman Catholic Church is honeycombed with the soul-destroying doctrines of Spiritualism, while at the same time claiming to be opposed to it. From all this it is seen that while claiming to be the true church of Christ, she is the habitation of devils. The mir-acles, and signs, and wonders to which she points as an evidence that she is the true church, instead of being wrought by her hundreds of thousands of dead " saints," are wrought by devils, and are the evidences of her apostasy. Thus it is seen how well prepared the papacy is for the fulfillment of the part which Jesus Christ declared it would act in the closing scenes of earth's history. Here is the prophecy : " And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon [paganism], out of the mouth of the beast [Roman Cathol-icism], and out of the mouth of the false prophet [fallen Protestantism]. For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame." 'Twould Be Well Were It True. THE everywhere continued intriguing of priests and nuns in Indian school work to secure legislation at Washington, and foster opposition among the Indians to Government Indian schools and their in-sidious persuading, of Indian parents to withhold their children from Government schools is fast reaching a point where 4  Matt. 24:24. 6  Rey, 18: 14. . 'Rev. 16: 14. 2 Thess. 2: 9, 8  ISa:8'.-19, R. V. 9  Rev. 16! 13-15. there is no escape from the gage of battle. We have alviays acted on the defensive, and hesitate to take the opposite, but there seems no escape. The overwhelming evi-dence of our daily experience indicates that there is to be no peace. All conces-sions on our part for harmony's sake are in vain. The Roman Catholic Church as such, works in unison with nobody.ŠThe Red Man. 'Twould be well were the concluding sentence of this paragraph from the Red Man true. But it is not, The Baltimore Lay Congress of 1889, adopted this :- - There are many Christian issues to which Catholics could come together with non Catholics and shape civil legislation for the public weal In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overlooking zealotry, we should seek an alliance with non Catholics for proper Sunday observance Without going over to the Judaic Sab bath, we can bring the mass over to the moderation of the Christian Sunday It would also be well if others would not work with the Catholic Church; but such is not the case. Too many so-called Protestants stand ready to cooperate with Rome so far as her interest and theirs are the same; then they cry, halt! But Rome goes right on, and they " turn white with fear and wrath " because of papal aggres-sion in America! Ł $ Ł In a Maryland Jail for Conscience'. Sake. ROBERT R. WHALEY, a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church at Church Hill, Queen Anne's Co., Md., was com-mitted to prison, Monday, Nov. 5, to serve a term of ninety days in the county jail at Centreville, for the crime of " Sabbath-breaking " and " doing bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." There were three cases against him. The first for working Sunday, June 3, 1894, and the other two for laboring the two succeeding Sundays. In one of the warrants the offense charged was " Sab-bath-breaking," and when Mr. Whaley was asked whether he would plead guilty or not guilty, he answered that he would plead, not guilty " to the charge of Sab-bath-breaking. Judge J. M. Robinson, the presiding judge, asked him if he worked on the day called Sunday, the first day of the week. Mr. Whaley answered that he had. To which the judge re-plied : " In this State they are the same. The Sabbath and Sunday are the same." Five witnesses were called by the State, all of whom testified to having seen Mr. Whaley hoeing in his garden, chopping and sawing wood in his back yard. All the witnesses volunteered the information that the defendant did not deny that he worked on Sunday, but admitted it and said he had the right to do it. After the prosecuting witnesses were examined the judge asked the defendant if he had any explanation to offer. Mr. Whaley replied that he had, and in a calm dignified manner and in a tone of voice firm and impressive, lie said in substance:Š I have a few words that I would like to say .This is something new to me. I was born and reared in Queen Anne's County, and was never before the court until to day. I have always endeavored to be a law-abiding citizen. But I am here in a matter between my Lord and myself. I would like to say to the court that I am a Seventh day Adventist. I study my Bible, and my convictions are that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord my God. I was raised in the Sunday-school and I was taught the ten commandments. I was taught that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and then was taught to observe the first day in its stead, In my study of the Bible I can- not find where God, the Lord Jesus, or the apostles ever changed the Sabbath from the .seventh to the first day. I am conscientious in the matter and choose to stand for God and the right. I leave the case with the court. The court room was crowded and this brief statement was listened to in marked silence. Judge Robinson replied at some length to the effect that the law did not interfere with his rights to keep the seventh day, but only asked that he refrain from labor on Sunday, the first day of the week. He admitted that Sunday laws were enacted out of deference to the religious sentiment that regards the day as holy. He traced the ,present Sunday legislation back through the Church and State govern-ments of modern Europe to Constantine's time. He made use of every opportunity to stigmatize the Sabbath of the Lord as the "Jewish Sabbath ; " and repeatedly asserted that the defendant was not con-scientious in the matter of working on Sunday. Mr. Whaley remarked that he was, but the judge said he did not wish to argue the question and did not give him an opportunity to explain why he was conscientious regarding the necessity of working on Sunday. The judge spoke in a kindly manner, and repeatedly offered to suspend fines in the second and third cases if the defendant would show a disposition to obey the law." Of course Mr. Whaley could not compromise the matter and the judge fined him five dol-lars and costs in each of the three cases. At this writing the amount of the costs is not obtainable, but the amount does not affect the length of the term of im-prisonment, as the time is limited by law to thirty days for each separate case. Mr. Whaley is forty-two years old and has a wife and seven children dependent on him for support. Previous to his be-coming a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church he was a probationary member of the Methodist Church, and it is a very significant fact in this connection that four of the five prosecuting -witnesses were members of the Methodist Church, and Mr. Whaley's former brethren. In the summer of 1893, Elders Robinson and Horton, Seventh-day Adventist min-isters, came to Church Hill, a town of five hundred inhabitants, and held a series of meetingg which resulted in the organi-zation of a small church. The opposition was very bitter. Attempts were made, with partial success, to cut down the tent in which the meetings were held and at the same time the mob, with pious enthu-siasm, came with tar and feathers with avowed intention of decorating Elder Horton and treating him to a free ride. In the spring of 1894 work was com-menced on a church building and Mr. Whaley, being a carpenter by trade, was engaged to build the church. Not wish-ing to give unnecessary offense and hav- ing work on his own premises which must be done, he refrained from working on the church on Punday, and devoted the day to hoeing in his garden and chopping firewood as his neighbors often did, and as one of them actually did at the same time as Mr. Whaley did part of the work for which he was arrested. The other case, that of William G. Curlitt, another Seventh-day Adventist belonging to the same church, was called, but as one of the State's witnesses was absent the case was postponed until Wednesday. Mr. Whaley's wife is in perfect sym- 