58 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. would be a nominal union of all the churches, there would be no real union. All would be satisfied with the enunciation of those teachings which were really common to all, while every-body, except those belonging to the sect having the strongest representation in the council, would be dissatisfied. It was just so in the fourth cent-ury. Neander says:Š " In fact, however, the manner in which the con-troversies had been decided by the Council of Nice, could only contain the seeds for new disputes; for there was here no cordial union springing freely, by a natural course of development, out of in-ward conviction; but a forced and artificial union of men, still widely separated by their different modes of thinking, on a creed which had been im-posed on them, and which was differently ex-pounded according to the different doctrinal inter-ests of the several parties." And just so it would be in this case. Their union would be no real union, but only a confed-eracy. But Senator Blair would contend that nothing of this kind could take place, because' he does not intend to have anything but the empty shell of religion taught. Following are the remarks which bear directly upon this question of religion in schools,in the Senator's speech in the Senate, December 21, 1888, made on the occasion of his calling the bill from the table to have it referred to the Committee on Education and Labor :Š "Of course the clause to require instruction to be given those between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the common branches of knowl-edge only, and in virtue, morality, and the princi-ples of the Christian religion, brings up a question much discussed, and upon which the public mind is not settled. . . . 'f It is said that this sort of instruction should be turned over to the clergy, to the chuiches, to other influences, to the family especially; but we all know, not perhaps mathematically, for we cannot settle it exactly, that there are not far from one-third of the children of this country who never see the inside of a church, and who in their family re-lations are so unfortunate as to have little, if any, training in the ordinary principles of virtue and morality. If it is indispensable that they have training in these ideas, that these ideas be im-planted in the young mind with a view to safe and proper citizenship in the future, the instruction must be given by the public schools dependent on the power of the State. The preservation of the State demands it, and self-preservation is the first law of nature to the State as of individuals. "In regard to the general principles of the Chris-tian religion, no one but a bigot would think of having introduced into the public schools instruc-tion in any form of sectarianism; but a knowledge of the Christian religion, even if there be no en-forcement of those truths upon the Conviction and belief of the child, instruction in those principles, a statement or explanation of what they are, exactly as instruction is given in the principles of arithmetic and geography, and any of the common branches of science, is exceedingly desirable and im-portant for every citizen to possess, whether he ap-plies the principle in his personal conduct or not, because they are the warp and woof, the very fab-ric of society, of the surroundings in which he lives, the basis of our customs and laws, and of the conduct of life. These general principles are ex-ceedingly essential and important not only to apply in personal conduct, but a knowledge of them should be possessed by anyone who is to enter successfully into the ordinary competitions and re-lations of life. There never was a great Nation yet which was without an affirmative religious be-lief and practiceŠa religion which was the source and aspiration of perhaps the noblest deeds of the people." The Senator well says that this is a question upon which "the public mind is not settled."  May it be long before it becomes settled upon the side which he advocates. As to his argument, we wish to say:- 1. Virtually admitting that the churches are the bodies to teach the principles of the Christian religion, which is true, since they are organized for that purpose and for no other, he would give that work to schools supported by. the State. Thus he would have the schools do the work of the churches. He would have the State support the work of the church, only that work would be done in the school-houses instead of in the church buildings. But it makes no difference where the work is done, whether in the churches, the school-houses, or in the woods ; when the State carries on the work of the church, you have simply a State church. That is all there is of it. The State, under the working of the Blair amendment, will be a grand church school. "2. This amendment, according to Senator Blair's explanationŠand he ought to know, for he made itŠputs the State not only in the place of the parent, but above the parent. Take his ar-gument that the State must educate the children Łin religion, because so many of them never go to church. Now suppose the case of an infidel, or of a man who strongly dissents from the decree of the council. He refuses to send his children to a school where they will be taught what he believes to be error. And then the State must necessa-rily, in the discharge of its duty as laid down by Mr. Blair, take that child away from its parents, and plake it where it can be educated in the re-ligion of the State. Protestants have been justly indignant when such things have been done in countries where Catholicism was the religion of the State. Read the account given by Dowling (" History of Romanism," pp. 794-800) of the abduction of the boy Edgar Mortara, whose par-ents, being Jews, naturally wanted to educate him in their own religion, but who was abducted, and brought up as a Catholic. That very thing might, and almost undoubtedly would be, repeated in this country if the Blair Educational Amend-ment were adopted. This again marks it as a measure that would make this country a likeness of Papal governments. E. J. W. - Ł  THE Denver Republican states that a bill has passed the Colorado Senate providing that no one shall be compelled to observe Sunday as a day of rest, who makes it a practice to observe some other day, and says that the bill should be killed as a matter of course. We don't have any faith in exemption clauses, but the Republican's posi-tion shows how utterly regardless of the rights of workingmen those are who clamor for Sunday legislation. Here is the situation : Without any Sunday law every workingman is free to work or to refuse to work, whenever he wishes. No one can force him to work on Sunday; and if it be true, as it is claimed, that the great majority of work-ingmen want Sunday as a day of rest, then there would be very little danger of his losing his place. If the most of the workingmen want to rest on Sunday, then they have thematter in their own hands, and need no laws. This does no injustice to anybody, and leaves those free to work on Sun-day who must work on that clay in order to get in the six days which are theirs by divine right. On the other hand, as soon as the Sunday law is passed and enforced, a good many working-men are thrown out of employment, forced to quit work to gratify nothing but religious bigotry. For no matter how much they seek to evade it,  the fact is that it is only at the instigation of the ministers and the church people that Sunday legislation is sought. If it were not for the fact that the intolerance of the thing has been shown up so much, there wmild be no pretense of any other basis for a Sunday law than that of religious 'obligation. Next week We intend to show, from the testimony of the prime movers in this Sunday business, that all other reasons that are given for Sunday legislation are simply feints, to divert the minds of different classes of people from the real spirit of the movement. A Practical Lesson. IN the Christian Statesman of January 10, National Reform Secretary R. C. Wylie draws a practical lesson from the late election, for the benefit of the Prohibition party. He says that at the Indianapolis Convention the watch-word was, "A million votes for Fisk !" and that the Prohibition party were certain that Fisk and Brooks would receive " a million votes ;" and, that even the least sanguine would not put it beloiv h alf a million. But the returns show that only about 250,000 votes were cast for the Prohibition nom-inees. Now the lesson which Mr. Wylie wants the Prohibition party to learn is, Why this great falling off between the estimate and the reality? The reason of this, he claims, is that the Prohi-bition party failed to acknowledge the authority of Christ and his law in their party platform. He says that two delegations, one from the 'Wom-an's Christian Temperance Union and the other from the National Reform Association, went to Indianapolis to urge upon the Prohibition Con-vention this very acknowledgment; that these delegations presented their cause, both in the convention and to the platform committee; but that instead of acknowledging Christ as the Na-tion's ruler, they actually left out theŁ reference to his law, which they had put into the platform of 1884. Hence their loss of the great number of votes. Therefore, he says:Š " The first lesson for the Prohibitionists to learn is that the way to the White House is not made so short and easy as they supposed by ignoring Christ and his law." Whether the Prohibition party will consider itself instructed by such a lesson as this, we do - not know. But it seems that the National Re-formers are becoming quite familiar with the use of their idea of the Saviour as a "divine politi- Ł cian," when they can attribute the loss of 750,000 expected votes to His judgment upon a party for not being recognized in their political platform. If they would study the Saviour's word more, they would find there the statement that, "God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved." Ł Ł Ł Ł Against the Sunday-Rest Bill. THE San Francisco Examiner of February 22 contained the following dispatch sent from Wash-ington the day before :Š " In the House of Representatives, Representative O'Donnell, presented to-day an enormous petition against the Sunday-Rest bill, which bears the sig-natures of 230,000 Seventh-day Advbitists, in all parts of the country." That humble body known as Seventh-day Ad-ventists must wonder 'how it has grown in one year from 25,000 to 230,000; for the last Year Book of that denomination gave its membership 