AMERICAN SENTINEL. 631 Fundamental Principles. BY H. F. PHELPS. THE greatest issues that are before the American people cluster around the national Constitution. In order that all may see the more clearly these issues, let us study foundation principles. In doing this, let it be understood that this study is not from a partisan standpoint; but for principle's sake and that alone.  It is for God and humanityŠthe rights of God and of the peopleŠthat we speak; in behalf of self-evident truth, the self-evident rights of all men, in all nations of people in all lands and in all climes. , These self-evident truths are eternal; given by the Creator, in the very beginning, to all men and for all time. And this nation espoused these self-eviden t truths, and heralded them to the world; even the complete freedom of all mankind from the domination of all man-kind, in enslavement to mankind. It was perfect liberty, civil and religious, as opposed to despotism civil or religious, or, religio-political, that this nation de-'handed. For long ages the world had been trying to solve the problem of the application of these principles among the people, so that they might enjoy the right of the exercise of these God-given rights without the dictation of kings, or lords, priest or popes. But never were these princi-ples embodied in an actual governmental experiment until the American colonies of Great Britain, through their representatives, issued the Declaration of Inde-pendence. The outcome of that declaration of princi-ples was the United States of America, as a nation; and the nation pledged to a "New Order of Things," as stated on the reverse side of the seal of the United States. This is in Latin, and has its counterpart in these words: "God Has Favored the Undertaking." This "New Order of Things" was for the everlasting emancipation of the people of the United States, soul and body, from the old order of things, the self-assumed authority of potentates, civil or religious, under that old, musty, time-worn, moth eaten, antiquated dogma of "the divine right of kings," the right of the stronger over the weaker, while they adhered to the other dogma "might makes right." But our fathers, and the Gov-ernment itself, asserted that eternal truth as recently paraphrased, that every man had the divine right to .govern himself by himself, and for himself. And further, that he had not the right to attempt to govern another man without that man's consent. And this for a self--evident reason, as expressed by Abraham Lincoln: "When a white man governs himself, that is self-govern-ment; but when he governs himself and also another man, that is more than self governmentŠthat is des-potism." And right here, without fear of successful .contradiction, it may be stated that when any man  chooses to enjoy the sweets of freedom, that is liberty; but when he would enforce his liberty upon any other man, that is moreŠit is despotism, and no other word in the English language will express the condition. And under theinspiration of this self-evident truth, under the regime of this "New Order of Things," our fathers absolutely refused to be governed by King George. They denied his assumed right to even attempt to govern them without their consent. They actually refused to pay his tax on tea; and substantiated their position by a big Tea Party. And this idea that each man should govern himself, by himself, and for himself, is according to God's idea of civil government. And that " God has Favored the Undertaking," has been the verdict of the century. Thus has been held out to the world some hope for the oppressed, while the world has 1 ooked on with bated breath to Fee the result. More than this: The new nation even dared to place these principles in the organic law of the land in the following words: "We hold these truths to be self-evident; that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. That to secure these rights govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that when any form of government becomes destructive of these ends,  it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness." Thomas Jefferson was the leading spirit in the pro-mulgation of their final establishment in the basic law of the land. It was Mr. Jefferson who enunciated the doctrine of "equal and exact justice to all men of what-ever state or persuasion, religious or political." These are foundation principles; they are primary in their very nature, for they are the unalienable rights of all men, given them of the Creator. And they are the very foundation principles of the Government of the United States, as it was framed by the fathers of the Republic. They are emphasized in this communication, for it is well that we consider them in all their bearings. And it is because they are foundation principles, that the writer contends for them, and, that it is the right of GodŠthat is, he has the right to expect that this nation, above all others because of its profession, should see that these very principles are carefully applied in all its dealings with mankind. St. Paul, Minn. WHEN you start on the road from dependence upon the people to dependence upon professional soldiers, there is no place to stop until you reach the limit of endurance of the people.Š W. J. Bryan. 