82 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. .62r Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) The Reflex of Imperialism. JANUARY 6, 1899, Hon. Wm. J. Bryan, in a speech at Cincinnati, 0., said:Š "If we enter upon a colonial policy, we must expect to hear the command 'Silence!' issuing with increasing emphasis from the imperialists. When the discussion of fundamental principles is attempted in the United States, if a member of Congress attempts to criticise any injus-tice perpetrated by a government official against a help-less people, he will be warned to keep silent, lest his crit-icism encourage resistance to American authority in the Orient." January 25, 1899, Representative Johnson, of Indi-ana, made a speech in Congress against American impe-rialism in the Philippines. In replying to this speech Representative Dolliver, of Iowa, "amid another out-burst of applause, declared, that the crisis of the hour was due to 'the almost treasonable utterances in this chamber and in the Senate chamber.' There was some excuse for the rioters at Madrid, but none for those who at home joined in reviling their country and denouncing the Peace Commissioners for what they had done." He declared that "their arguments were drawn from General Blanco' himself." The above words of Mr. Bryan have come true, much quicker than even he supposed. But there is no doubt that they have come true, and that in only three weeks. And this being so, the following also from the same speech may be expected to come true in due time and order:Š "If an orator on the Fourth of July dares to speak of inalienable rights, or refers with commendation to the manner in which our forefathers resisted taxation with-out representation, he will be warned to keep silent, lest his utterances excite rebellion among distant subjects. If we adopt a colonial policy, and pursue the course which excited the Revolution of 1776, we must muffle the tones of the old Liberty Bell, and commune in whispers when we praise the patriotism of our forefathers." And if they do these things in a green tree, what will they do in the dry? Yet for all this, Mr. Bryan well says:Š "We cannot afford to destroy the Declaration of In dependence; we cannot afford to erase from our consti-tutions, State and national, the Bill of Rights, we have not time to examine the libraries of the nation, and purge them of the essays, the speeches, and the books that defend the doctrine that law is the crystallization of public opinion, rather than an emanation from physi-cal power. "But even if we could destroy every vestige of the laws which are the outgrowth of the immortal law penned by Jefferson; if we could obliterate every written word that has been inspired by the idea that this is a 'govern-ment of the people, by the people, and for the people,' we could not tear from the heart of the human race the hope which theŁ American Republic has planted there. The impassioned appeal, 'Give me liberty, or give me death,' still echoes around the world. In the future, as in the past, the desire to be free will be stronger than the desire to enjoy a mere physical existence." A. T. J. BY holding every individual on earth amenable to his law, God himself asserts that all individuals are equal before him. Justice Harlan on Expansion. THE Chicago Times-Herald quotes Justice Harlan, of the Supreme Court, as "handing down" the following opinion touching the proposed annexation of the Philip-pines, at a recent church meeting in Washington:Š "After the Philippines have come into our possession we shall govern them on the same footing as a territory, and when they demonstrate that they are a fit people to be incorporated into this Union they must be ad-mitted. If the course of time shows that they will never be far enough advanced to become part of us we can trade them for some place that will. You must remem-ber that we are going to pay $20,00Q,000 for the Philip-pines." "It will be observed," adds the Herald, "that the speaker is not bothered in the least by constitutional scruples, and that he is concerned chiefly with what is expedient, sensible, and practical. Our right to the islands he believes to be indisputable because it is inhe-rent in a sovereign power that has conquered foreign ter-ritory and sealed the conquest with a treaty and a pur-chase. As he is the oldest member of the United States Supreme Court, which is -the ultimate -authority on constitutional questions, no little Importance attaches to what may be called the professional part of his opinion." The sentiment that "we can trade" nine or ten mill-ions of human beings if it becomes good commercial pol-icy for "us" to do so, is certainly of "no little import-ance" when it is held by a prominent member of the highest national court. It would be quite fitting, not to say necessary, that one holding this sentiment should be "not bothered in the least byconstitutional scruples." 