11111111111111111 111 111010iliillir  J! lif))11111011111111111iithoili ill11111" 1111111111111inii Hof Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, AUGUST 6, 1891. NUMBER 31. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, HY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Mice as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JoNms. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MC SEE. IN.  Chicago, Union meetings are being held every Sunday in different parts of the city, and the ministers at least, are working very earnestly to create senti-ment in favor of a rigid Sunday closing of the Fair, which will, if accomplished, add strength, they think, to the agitation for a national Sunday law. THE disposition to resort to force to effect reforms, either real or imaginary, has reached a development in this country which is ominous. The National Reform-ers have long since warned those who op-pose them that if necessary resort will be had to the bullet; the more radical Prohibitionists talk of resort to arms to wipe out the saloon; American Sabbath Union speakers threaten bloodshed if their theories are not adopted by the Govern-ment; in Tennessee a mob of miners have just secured from the Governor a virtual pledge for the repeal of the law permitting the letting of convicts; while from Lou-isiana comes the news that at a meeting in the Grand Opera House, in New Or-leans, the other day, Rev. Dr. B. L. Palmer, one of the foremost pulpit orators of the South, delivered a thrilling arraign-ment of the lottery, and declared that the people should and would, if necessary, re-sort to revolution to overthrow it. " Thou-sands of men," it is stated, "have signed a resolution to shed their blood, if neces-sary, in order to free Louisiana from the great gambling institution." In view of this it is perhaps only fitting that "Park-inson, Who led the lynchers when the  eleven Italians were shot down in the parish prison of New Orleans, has recently come out as an anti-lottery man." The lottery, and the convict contract la-bor system, and the saloon ought to go, but the methods invoked to destroy them are none the less dangerous. Government by clamor and by mobs is the worst kind of a substitute for constitutional govern-ment; but it is the exchange which is being made in this country; and the re-sponsibility when it has been made will lie at the door of various reforms, real and .so-called. The Church and the State. THE subject of the union of Church and State is very imperfectly understood by very many people. It has been thought that in order to form such a union some one sect or denomination must be made the State Church; but a little considera-tion will show any one that such is not the case. The National Reformers say that they do not want a union of Church and State, but a union of religion and the State. In a speech before the National Reform Convention held in New York City in 1883, Rev. Jonathan Edwards said :Š We want such a Łreligion, and we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of the State require religion, it shall be the religion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath and Christian morality shall have, in this land, an undeniable legal basis. We use the word " religion " in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. But, even in the face of such a statement as this, made by one of their prominent men, the National Reformers insist that they are opposed to a union of Church and State; but their denial amounts to nothing. Religion and the State is only another name for that unholy alliance between the civil and the ecclesiastical power which has always been an unmiti-gated curse to both the Church and the State. Everybody admits that Constan-tine united Church and State. But his first step was only to declare Christianity  the religion of the Roman Empire; when he had taken that step, however, it was necessary that he should in some way, define Christianity. Then, as now, those who professed to be Christians were di-vided, not into organized denominations as at the present time, but into numerous parties and factions under the leadership of their respective bishops. Between the extremes there was probably as great a diversity of opinion as exists now between Catholics and Protestants. Besides this there was a multitude of minor differ-ences; and as the Emperor had declared the Christian religion:to be the religion of Rome, it was necessary that this religion should be defined, and for this purpose a council was convened at Nice to decide the question as to what constituted the Christian religion. The National Reform-ers of our own day propose to take similar measures. When the Blair Educational Amend-ment bill was under discussion in the Congress of the United States, the ques-tion was asked, how it would be possible to carry it out owing to the diversity of views among the Christian people. The answer given by the author of the bill was as follows:Š I believe that a text-book of instruction in the principles of virtue, morality and the Christian re-ligion can be prepared for use in the public schools by the joint effort of those who represent every branch of the Christian Church, both Protegtant and Catholic. Again, Dr. Schaff, in defining what parts of the Bible should be taught in the public schools, says :Š A competent committee of clergymen and lay-men of all denominations could make a judicious selection which would satisfy every reasonable demand. But to carry out these suggestions would be to do just as Constantine did, convene a council of the representative men of the various denominations to define the prin-ciples of the Christian religion, and with these principles authoritatively defined, and with the law on the statute books, and embodied in the Constitution requir-ing the principles of the Christian religion 