1" Strong binding. Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, A SELF-MQVING LOCOMOTIVE, 15 CENTS. Handsomely finished, made of metal, strong wheels, gilt boiler, black smoke stack, bright colored cab with 4 win-dows When wound up runs long distance across floor. Great amuse-ment to children. By far the cheapest locomotive made, and a marvel of strength and beauty. Parents should buy one for the children. Mention this paper, and send to cents in stamps and we will send Locomotive, WHITNEY. our story paper, 3 mo noet-paid. AL A. WHITNEY. Box 8189, Boston. Ma,,. DEOEMIIER 8, 1894. A . tCA N SIbNrrINIEIL., 383 Methodist in Maryland because he became a Seventh-day Adventist. 0. OPPEGARD. La Crosse, Wis., Nov. 20, '94. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how o turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.1 Tolerance or IndifferenceŠWhich? THE very splendid obsequies of the late Czar of Russia are partly the expression of the faith of the Eastern Church, and perhaps more fully the outflow of the density of European civilization, requiring large expression, needing much time for utterance. For weeks the members of royal families were held under the spell of funereal surroundings, while the great powers of the world mourned and prayed in concert on the day of burial in many lands and cities. The most solemn ser-vices were concurrently held. All nations have recognized and worshiped with the Russian Church. This is itself a Christian alliance, a religious union. Coming so near the conference between the Greek and Latin churches at the Vatican, the whole world is impressed: A new feeling of human brotherhood is awakened; a revival of religious sentiment which is at once deep and tolerant of others has had place among men.ŠThe Evangelist, Nov. 22, 1894 Seventh-day Baptists Fined in New Jersey. BRIDGETON, N. J., Nov. 24.ŠThree Seventh-day Baptists living in Stoe Creek township, were arrested a few days ago for gunning on Sunday. They were Joseph Fogg, Edward Thomas and Rich-ard Rainer, and it was expected that when their cases came up before Justice Wood-ruff they would resist and make an inter-esting test of the law. The men were charged with having gunned on Sunday, Nov. 11, the day the season for rabbits, quail, etc., opened. As they observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and as a special provision of the law per-mits them to gun on their own premises on the first day of the week, the gunners declared that they were innocent of any violation of the statute. At the hearing it was shown. that the offenders had gunned off their own prop-erty, and Justice Woodruff imposed a fine of $20 each upon the trio. Rather than take the matter up to a higher court the men paid the fines.ŠPhiladelphia Record, Nov. 25, 1894. RELIGIOUS persecution is not restricted to a few States in our own country, as Pennsylvania, Maryland and Tennessee, but now we have word from Switzerland that the sturdy and conservative Germans are waking up to the dangers of having honest, conscientious observers of the "Lord's Sabbath in their midst! Pastor H. P. Holser, the American representative of the Seventh-day Adventists in Central Europe, and the director of the publishing house at Basel, is now undergoing a term of sixty-one days' imprisonment in that city for allowing work to be done in his office on Sunday. While this punishment is being inflicted, just across the street from the printing office soldiers parade and practice target shooting on Sunday.  This pastor was taken from his home Oc-tober 25th and confined in the city prison. But such exhibitions of intolerance are more in keeping with the spirit of most mon-archical governments than in a republic where religious liberty is one of the prom-ised blessings and boasted privileges. Our citizens should not be too severe in their strictures on the inhumanity and intoler-ance of Russia even, until they are sure their own hands are washed from the stains of attempted legislation in favor of Sunday as against the Bible Sabbath and its conscientious observance. Americans should not allow their zeal to so far out-strip their judgment' as to equal, if not excel, the intolerance of the land from whence their forefathers fled, seeking reli-gious liberty, nearly three hundred years ago.ŠThe Sabbath Recorder, Nov. 22, 1894. Played Marbles on Sunday. IT SHOCKED GOOD MR. SCHUMWAY AND HE HAD THE BOYS ARRESTED.  MR. FRANKLIN SCHUMWAY is a bald-headed Sabbatarian who doesn't allow his little boys to play marbles on Sunday, and does his best to prevent other people's little boys from so enjoying themselves. Five of these desperate criminals, rang-ing in age from ten to 'fourteen, had the temerity to play with " agates " and " long taws " Sunday afternoon in full view of Mr. Schumway's windows, at No. 263 West Fortieth Street. He went out and got Policeman Quinn to arrest them. Quinn protested that they were peaceable, but finally took all fiveŠEdward Ferns, Willie Donovan, Johnnie Byrne, Freddie Barnes and Crawford PyneŠto the West Thirty-seventh Street police station. Then they were taken to the Gerry Society's rooms. Yesterday Mr. Schumway left his whole-sale notion store at No. 51 Lispenard St., long enough to appear in Jefferson Market Police Court to prosecute the boys. To Mr. Schumway's visible dissatisfaction, Justice Hogan didn't seem to realize the enormity of their crime. He merely said " You had better not play marbles where it will annoy this gentleman. Go home now." Mr. Schumway was asked what be had to say about one of the little boys who would lose his place as an errand boy through the arrest. He said that was a matter which didn't concern him.ŠMorn-ing Advertiser, Nov. 20, 1894. DURING the month of March last four hundred books, mostly Italian works, were placed upon the Index Expurgato-rious by the sacred congregation of the Roman propaganda. However, the once dreaded " Index" has become a mere farce in Italy. Most Italians read what they like, but for those who have conscientious scruples, and even for the priests them-selves, there is an easy way out of the difficulty. Any one paying three dollars can obtain a special dispensation, which, for a certain number of years, allows him*,  to read any and everything proscribed by the " Index." A new Italian operaŠ"The Medici "Šwhich was given without ques-tion in Italy, was prohibited in Vienna theaters because it contained allusions that were considered offensive to the papacy.ŠForeign Mission Journal. HEREAFTER the politician who brings cor-ruption in must answer to the preacher.ŠRev. Dr. McIntyre, of Denver, in the Denver News, Nov. 12, 1894. Books FOR THE CHILDREN.  WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - - - $ 1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well told Bible stories. Same style and size as " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $ 1.00 A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says.  "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for $1.7 5 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! This book, which is 8x101- inches and I. inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. ŠADDRESS  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Ł Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St, New York City. Ts' PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, AO per cent commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGET, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. 