"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or (Persuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME S. NEW YORK, MAY 11, 1893. NUMBER 19. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITOFtS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. FROM the beginning the real questions involved in the movement for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair have been ig-nored. Only a small and uninfluential minority has stated and defended the prin-ciple which applies to the matter, and at-tention to it has been studiously avoided by all in authority. THE utter failure to comprehend what was at stake in this is an example of stu-pendous governmental folly and mental blindness, not equalled since the Jew sun-dertook to raise Christ to an earthly throne and then crucified him because he did not meet their mistaken expectations. The Supreme Court dictum that this is a Christian Nation, and the congressional legislation to enforce religious ceremonial, is the nineteenth century expression of the same fatal error of the temporal rule of Christ. CHRIST'S kingdom upon earth does not come by stress of law or force of arms. That which attains religious dominion by such means is antichrist. Does not the whole world know this ? Such as do not already know it, or have not had the op-portunity to learn, will have the opportu-nity ; .and if they do not acknowledge it to be so it will be because they themselves are not Christ's but belong, of their own choice, to antichrist. THAT which was of supreme importance in this crisis was the voice of the court of last resort, and the decree of the highest legislative authority. Whether the behest of these should be obeyed or not in this instance was, of the very least moment, except as to the individual responsibility of those who in this acknowledge religious allegiance to the temporal power. Whether the Fair shall ba opened or closed on Sun-day is of the same category precisely as the Sunday opening or closing of stores,  gardens, parks, and museums to which an admission is asked, elsewhere through-out the country. Exactly the same prin-ciple applies and should govern in all these cases from the smallest to the great-est. THE SENTINEL has said months ago that in all probability it would not be defi-nitely known whether the Exposition was to be closed on Sundays or not until the Fair was already in progress, and that whatever the result in that regard might be, the agitation of the subject of enforced Sunday observance would not only con-tinue but increase. This has proved to be so. Since Congress adjourned, having irrevocably committed itself to a religious precedent, no one who looked at the mat-ter in the proper light has taken any in-terest in the question as to whether the Fair should in reality be open or closed on Sunday, except as being interested that the course should be taken which would most clearly show to the greatest number of citizens the legislative error which has been committed, and awaken the con-sciences of the greatest number to the realization of the fact that their allegiance in religious things is to God and not to the State. THE discussion of this question, irre-spective of the Sunday closing or opening of the Fair gates, and the feeling upon it, will grow more and more intense as time goes on. New phases of this and allied questions, unexpected and totally unfore-seen, will develop from time to time. An instance of this has already occurred in the movement of the workingmen to rest and attend the Fair on the seventh day, and begin their week of labor on the first day according to biblical time. The expres-sion of opinion, and prejudice, and arro-gance, and ignorance, which this has called forth from many of the clergy is remark-able, suggestive, startling ! What spirit in-spired that Chicago clergyman, who, when told of this purpose of the Central Labor Union, said, " If the Union is in earnest let them try it. Then we will see if there is any law in this country !" How thoroughly in the white heat of prejudice engendered by this, has that false assump-tion of charitable interest in workingmen and their rest day been burned away. In  the fierce light of this blaze of actual feel-ing not even a trace is to be seen of disin-terested anxiety for the defense and pro-tection of the workingman. The dragon can not always masquerade under the simil-itude of the lamb. Its voice will some-times betray it. THE haughty threat of this Chicago clergyman is only equalled by the arro-gant exultation of another who says of the passage of this unconstitutional proviso, " Congress didn't dare to do anything else." " Congress did not dare to do otherwise than order the Fair closed." Neither is it the first time that this same thing has been said. Do congressman hear? Do congressmen read ? Are they pleased to have it heralded from pulpit, and par-sonage, and church steeple, that at the command of a faction they have contra-vened the Constitution and sold the birth-right of the Nation for a mess of pottage ? When a legislative body is so thoroughly subjugated that its masters have no hesi-tancy in publishing the fact, without fear that the boast will militate against them and without thought for the feelings, or the reputation of those legislators upon whose necks they are treading, then the enslavement of the law-making power is as complete as it is disgraceful. BuT workingmen do not prove as docile as congressmen. The workingman has learned from the Sunday theologians themselves the theory that no sanctity pertains to any particular day, and apply-ing their own teaching, he says, therefore, that by their own authority no more sa-credness inheres in Sunday than any other day of the six. No divine law makes it holy. If it has ever rested with man to make choice of a rest day, the right to do so resides in him as much as in any other man, or body of men, living now, or that ever did live. He will then put his right to immediate use and choose his own rest day. He knows that legislative authority may provide holidays upon which he may rest if he chooses, but he knows just as well that no human authority can properly say that on any day he shall not work any more than that on any day he shall work. He knows by virtue of his Americanism and his manhood that no man may right- 