DECEMBER 20, 1894.    397 AlVEIH14  IL-C,11 sion of the term ' nuisance.' " Certainly, in view of this clearly expressed opinion of the same tribunal, there was no legal obligation binding the judges to decide that Sunday work was a nuisance; and this is but one of many cases that might be cited to show that judges as well as prosecuting witnesses have shown unmis-takably that they were influenced not by a zeal for the maintenance of civil order, but by religious bigotry worthy of the Dark Ages. And so it is not without reason that the Independent says, " It looks like religious persecution; it looks like intolerance to- ward those who cannot conscientiously accept the views of the majority as to the Sabbath." Yes, it certainly does look " like religious persecution ; " in fact, that is just what it is; dressed, it is true, in modern garb, but the same nevertheless, though still masquerading under another name; for religious persecution has never been willing to use its proper designation. Touching this " civil " disguise of reli- gious laws, the church historian, Robert Baird, has this pungent paragraph:Š The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death and banished " Antinomians " and "Anabaptists," not because of their religious tenet's, but because of their violation of civil laws. This is the justification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse I But just so it is; wherever there is a union of Church and State, heresy and heretical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in religion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the defenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justification of that awful and most iniquitous tribu-nal.--Religion in America, p. 94, This effectually disposes of the " civil law " argument. Of course, in one sense such laws are " civil," i. e., in the sense that they are enacted and enforced by the civil power; but they are religious in this that they rest upon the religious preju-dices of the people and are designed for the protection of religious institutions. But the Independent takes another tack. It admits that the Adventists are conscien-tious, but thinks the matter of scarcely sufficient importance to make so much stir about. It says :Š Of course, as it seems to us, our seventh-day breth-ren of various Christian names make entirely too much of a particular day. It has always seemed to us that the difference as to day is a very narrow basis on which to build up separate denominations of Chris-tians; but it is a matter of conscience with several thousand of our brethren, and we cannot ask them to violate their consciences by working on the seventh day and observing the first. It is possible, of course, for them to avoid prosecution by observing the first day as well as the seventh, and this is what most of them do. There is in Plainfield, N. J., a very attrac-tive church building, recently erected by the Seventh-day Baptists. When they made their contracts with the builders it was stipulated that no work should be done on the seventh day. As most of the working-men were in the habit of observing the first day of the week, work on the building could go on only five days in the week. Of course such a peculiar contract could not be made on the most favorable terms for the church. The contractors had to take the enforced idleness of two days in the week into account, and doubtless the church had to pay a larger amount be-cause of it. Now, the first part of this is quite aside from the real issue. It matters not how absurd the faith of any people may be, nor how few that people, they have a natural and inalienable right to practice that faith so long as in so doing they do not infringe the equal rights of others. But the Inde-pendent mistakes in supposing that it is possible for Seventh-day Adventists " to avoid prosecution by observing the first day as well as the seventh." The seventh day is the badge or sign of the true God: " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that  they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Eze. 20 : 12. In like manner the Sunday is a counterfeit of the Sabbath, the badge of an apostate power the mark of the papal power, the sign of the usurped authority of the "man of sin" " to appoint feasts and holy days, and to command men under sin." No Seventh-day Adventist can observe it and remain loyal to God. Therefore, to keep Sunday is with the Adventist to apostatize from God. But the Adventist does not deem it necessary to needlessly offend their neigh-bors by " ostentatiously " violating Sun-day. Adventists are a quiet, well-behaved people on all days of the week; but they insist that they have, from a proper civil standpoint, as much right to follow on Sun-day their usual callings as their neighbors have-to follow theirs on the seventh day. The Independent concludes its article by this paragraph :-- It is very often an inconvenience and a matter of hardship to these people to be faithful to their own conscientious convictions and also to obey the civil law. Of course they cannot be compelled to work on the seventh day; but, on the other hand, does their conscience impel them to work on the first day ? Hardly, one would say. If there were no alternative it would be better that they should suffer some incon-venience and loss in observing two days in the week than that the one rest-clay in which the great majority are united should be overthrown. When Mr. Whaley writes from jail to say that he is " thrust into prison for the sake of God's eternal truth," he does not truly represent the ease. He was not imprisoned for ob-serving the seventh day, but for working on the first day. But the number of seventh-day observers, in-cluding the Jews, is not numerous, and the law can be modified to suit their case without overthrowing the foundations of the general rest-day. It is a great deal better to be tolerant in this matter than to engage in what looks like religious persecution. This is undertaking to say what is con-science and what is not. Mr. Whaley says he suffered for conscience' sake; the Independent says not. How could the Independent possibly know what Mr. Whaley's conscience is except by what he says it is ? Resort was formerly had to torture to compel men to reveal the secrets of their hearts; and this is the logic of denying that a man's conscience is just what he says it is. But inasmuch as Mr. Whaley is an Adventist, and as we know of our personal knowledge that Advent-ists regard Sunday-keeping in the light in which we have presented it, namely, as a denial of the sovereignty of God, we are morally certain that Mr. Whaley's con-science is just what he says it is, notwith-standing the Independent's denial. The Independent's tortuous logic is simply in-dicative of the course that the remnant of the religious press will take. It is aptly expressed by a slight adaptation of the words of Pope:Š Persecution is a creature of such hideous mien That to be hated needs but to be seen; But seen too oft, familiar with his face; We first endure, then pity, then embrace. The Scriptures tell us that persecution is to be the lot of the last church upon earth; and that for which the Independent so weakly apologizes is only the begin-ning of the end. The Pope as Mediator. ALL the world is indeed beginning to wonder after the beast. In the recent trouble in Armenia, as was to be expected, the Armenians appealed urgently to the pope to approach the Sultan in their behalf. But the " Holy Father," " like all intuitive souls," of course ob-serves the greatest caution, fearing to offend the Patriarch of Constantinople, and thus  obstruct the reunion of the Eastern and Western churches, that is so near his heart. And now comes a dispatch in a round-about way from Tokio, saying that "on November 8, a telegram was received by the Japanese government from Rome to the effect that the Chinese minister had applied for the mediation of the pope in the war, and that his holiness had replied that he would use all his influence with the European powers to initiate media-tion." Count Ito, the Japanese premier, is reported as indorsing the truth of this announcement. Thus all things are slowly but surely tending toward the aggrandizement of the papacy, and hastening on the time when " all that dwell upon the earth shall wor-ship him whose names are not written in the book of life." GRo. E. PRICE.  Woodstock, N. B., Canada, Dec, 5, 1894. Ł A Sign of the Times. [From "Great Controversy," [From the New York World, a Seventh-day Adventist of Dec. 4, 1894.] work, issued in 1885; Vol. 4, pp. 380-382, 387, 388, 405.] ROMANISM is now re-garded by Protestants with far greater favor than in former years. There is an increasing indifference concerning the doctrines that separate the reformed churches from the papal hierarchy ; the opinion is gaining ground that, after all, we do not differ so widely upon vital points as has been supposed, and that a little concession on our part will bring us into a better understanding with Rome. The time was when Protestants placed a high value .upon the lib-erty of conscience which has been so dearly pur-chased. They taught their children to abhor popery, and held that to remain at peace with Rome would be disloyalty to God. But how widely different are the sentiments now ex-pressed. The defenders of popery declare that she has been maligned; and the Prot-estant world is inclined to accept the statement. Many urge that it is un-just to judge the Romish Church of to-day by the abominations and absur-dities that marked her reign during the centuries of ignorance and darkness. They excuse her horrible cruelty as the result of the barbarism of the times, and plead that civilization has changed her senti-ments, Have these persons for-gotten the claim of infal-libility for eight hundred years put forth by this haughty power? So far from relinquishing this claim, the church in the nineteenth century has af-firmed it with greater pos-itiveness than ever befcre. As Rome asserts that she has never erred, and never can err, how can she renounce the principles which governed her course in past ages ? The papal church will never relinquish her claim to infallibility. All that she has done in her perse-cution of those who reject her dogmas, she holds to Fon the first time in the history of the Union The-ological Seminary, a n d probably for the first time in the history of any Prot-estant divinity school in this country, the lecture platform was occupied last evening by a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. It has been the custom during the past few years for the members of the Homiletical Society, an association of students of the senior class of the seminary, to invite clergy-men of various denomina-tions to address them at certain periods on subjects appertaining to the work of the ministry, to which the most prominent pulpit orators and thinkers of all shades of Protestant belief have responded. It was left, however, for this sea-son's course of lectures to include one from a repre-sentative of the Roman Catholic Church, the Rev, Alexander P. Doyle, of the Paulist Fathers. The sub-ject was, "Methods of Preaching." When it had been deter-mined to ask Father Doyle to address the students, the Rev. Dr. Briggs, Pro-fessor of Biblical Theol-ogy, was requested to ex-tend the invitation to the Paulist, and did so. With the hearty assent of Arch-bishop Corrigan, the Rev. Father Doyle accepted. Prof. Briggs presided, and introduced the lec-turer in these words; "I 