310 AmniEtICAN ginNgEITINTVIL. VoL. 8, go. 30. origin; it must be nourished by divine light and grace, ministered to by an un-seen power. It cannot be forced to healthy growth in the hothouse of public favor, nor derive its strength from rulers or par-liaments. The introduction of earthly elements blights its purity, and stamps it as mongrel. In the light of these facts, and our con-sciousness tells us that they are facts, we have to decide that in its attitude toward the ChurchŠtoward any church or reli-gionŠthe State cannot with propriety or safety do more than it will do for the pri-vate citizen. Its rights are to be recog-nized and protected. It is to share equally with all others those privileges and immu-nities, no more, no less, which come to the people at large from the administration of the government. If it be a land of free-dom, the Church will share that freedom. If light and progress, knowledge and re-finement prevail, the Church comes in for her share of those advantages. The gov-ernment that pursues an upward path in obtaining for its subjects the most free and full exercise of their personal rights, assisting in enlarging the understanding of its people upon the lines of useful edu-cation and the unfolding of true knowl-edge, without any reference to the advan-tage of any particular or any special creed or system, acts the part of wisdom and confers upon its citizens and upon the Church of Christ the highest favor that it is in its power to bestow. The State owes no duty to the Church that it does not owe to its most humble citizen. It has no work to do for the promotion of religion any further than has been indicated. It cannot do more for the religion of Christ and the Bible, for when the State takes up that work, it ceases to be the cause of Christ and becomes the religion of the.  State; it becomes of the earth earthy, and not heavenly; carnal, not spiritual. Such is the relation that the State sustains to the Church, or the cause of Christ. G. C. TENNEY. Persecution of Jews and Poles. THE English papers have reproduced the ukase prohibiting Jews to change their names under penalty of fine, short impris-onment, and administrative punishments. This requires a few words of comment. The change of name here alluded to has nothing to do with any intentions of delud-ing, in one way or another, the law. For such acts, which would be considered crim-inal in any country, there is a special pro-vision in the new law, and the Jews are put in this respect on a level with Chris-tians. The new law does not refer even to the change of family names, which might be objected to on the score of passport regulations, although the sons of the priests, for example, are in the habit of do-ing it wholesale in schools, each pupil having the right of inventing for him-self the name under which he chooses to start in life. The ukase in question is directed against the change in the spelling of what corres-ponds to our Christian names. The meas-ure appears, therefore, quite whimsical. But some explanation is needed to under-stand how despicably mean it is. The use of Yiddish, which is a corrupt Ger-man with an admixture of still more cor-rupted Polish and Russian words, has in-troduced a corruption of the Biblical names as well. Instead of the solemn Davids, Abrahams, Samsons, and Moses,  the Russian Jews get a sort of corrupted nicknames which sound ridiculous to the ears of a Christian population. The new ukase is directed against the changing of these surnames, which lent themselves so easily to the vulgar taste for banter. It is, therefore, a worthy counterpart of the ancient law prescrib-ing to Jews the wearing of some ridicu-lous article of dress as a badge of their race. Yet we are informed that the Jew-ish Rabbi of Moscow was exiled because in a memorandum upon the deprivation of Jews of their synagogues, he allowed himself to use the word " mediaeval " with reference to the present treatment of the Jews in Russia. !ŠFree Russia. "Our One Great Danger." [The following letter, with the above heading, appeared recently in the Christian Standard, the organ of the Disciples Church. It is commended to the thoughtful reader. Italics as they appeared in the Standard. ŠH. F. Pilmrs.] WHAT have we done ? Our plea for apostolic Christianity, our plea for Chris-tian union, our work and labors through-out the whole restorative movement for Christianity pure and unalloyed, our fight upon all things that bear the marks of Romanism, is marred by our action in the Sunday question that has been under agi-tation, and will be agitated for a few years yet to come. It seems now that we incline to the mis-applied Sabbath dayŠmisapplied by the "infallible Pope," and received as right-eousness by the sectarian world. We excuse this action by differential state-ment, designating it the "civil Sabbath." What has constructed or made a " civil Sabbath"?ŠLaw. Who makes law PŠMan. Who made the Sabbath ?ŠGod. For whom was it made ?ŠFor man. Can man make it for himself ?ŠNo. Then we bow before the force which takes the affairs of God into its own hand, who is " above all that is called God "Šthe Papacy ? To whom and to what do we bow in this question of a " civil Sabbath " ? To the Pope and to Romanism. There can be no doubt that this legisla-tion upon the Sunday question is a "mark of the beast." As a people who have vied in the creation and enforcement of this " Sabbath law," we have received upon our foreheads and upon our hands the " mark of the beast. We have not too much evidence that the first day of the week is the Lord's day. While we have conclusive evidence that the first day of the week is not the Sabbath day. If, as we infer, the first day of the week be the Lord's day, then what authority have we to enforce the Lord's day upon the world or expect its recognition by legal force ? Or by what authority do we assume to exact from other brethren, by legal force, the rights of honest, conscien-tious worship on the only day embodied in the divine law ? Church and State should not be combined. Our glorious brotherhood must not assist in combining them. If we engraft in law the first day "Sab-bath," then, indeed, as all law, it must be enforced. Besides injustice to very good and honorable people, we should know we have no right to enforce God's law upon the people that dwell on the earth, pre-suming it to be the Sabbath day, which we all know quite well it is not. As well might we exact a law to compel all men to be baptized, or fix in law what may  constitute a Christian, or by law create Christians. A person out of Christ is no better by respecting, or being compelled to respect, a day of worship, for he is not spiritually or otherwise in the realm of worship. . . . . Still this carnal law, when en- forced (and enforced it will be, sooner or later), has gotten higher than God. What now is higher " than all that is called God " ? Why, it is papal authority, unmistakable and certain. And the "saddest of all sad things" is that the Church of Christ has stultified herself in this action in this matter, and taken one step backward toward Romanism. We have brethren who thoroughly understand this question and this line of prophecy now under fulfillment, and know well these are facts we must confront. For shame ! May not our General Con-vention further compromise our position upon these questions, by indorsing our national legislation upon the subject, or giving support by resolution or otherwise to a "national Sabbath "Šthe beginning of the union of Church and State in America  Let us come down out of the crowd and watch what we are about. JAS. A. DEMoss, M.D. How Would the Court Decide? THIS is what Justice Brewer, of the U. S. Supreme Court, has to say of the ominous tendency toward organization to the menace of individual independence :Š The business men are becoming the slaves of of the combine, the laborers of the trades union and organization. Through the land the idea is growing that the individual is nothing, and the organization, and then the State, is everything; and we have the fancy sketch of the dreamer of a supposed ideal State, in which the individual has no choice of lot or toil, but is moved about accord-ing to the supposed superior wisdom of the organ-ized mass; and this, we are told, is the liberty for which the ages have toiled and for which human blood has crimsoned the earth. As against this servitude and sacrifice of individual liberty I wish to enter my earnest protest. The Great Master divined the powers and possibilities of our nature when he dethroned priests and prelates and bade each soul stand face to face alone with its God. In every century humanity has looked forward through tears to a better day to come, and has asserted, as the ideal yet to be attained, the liberty of the individual. Is it not bartering away the experiences of the past, are we not selling our birth-right for a mess of pottage, when we encourage, or even tolerate, the domination of the combine, when we look in silence upon the growing servi-tude of the individual to the organization. In view of the above expression, we can but wonder what would be the decision of Justice Brewer and the Supreme Court in regard to the right of the general Govern-ment or the State governments to enact Sabbath or other religious laws which compel the conscience of the individual, and lay the individual under penalties for disobedience to the organization, in matters in regard to which he should " stand face to face with his God." A United States Court has decided against the individual in one such case, and it was presumably after counselling with Su-preme Court justices. But it is probable that the higher court will before long be called upon to decide directly upon such cases, judging from the tendency of which Justice Brewer complains and certain prec-edents established by Congress and most of the States. In such case will the court stand for the constitutional " ideal " of individual liberty, or in harmony with " the growing servitude of the individual to the organization " ? We shall see.ŠSigns of the Times. 