AUGUST 1, 1895. A.104LE. sIENT7INV.IL4. 247 cation, and whose impecunious condition would render it a great hardship to be compelled to lose his labor two days in the week, is arrested and carried off to prison for hoeing in his garden on Sunday; the case is so full of per-secution that lovers of religious liberty and untrammeled conscience ought not to be silent. Earning Their Bread. COUNTY PRISONERS PUT TO WORK ON THE SPRING CITY BRIDGE. [From the Dayton (Tenn.) Republican, July 19.] MONDAY, nineteen county prisoners were taken to near Spring City and put to work on filling in the approaches to the new bridge in course of construction over Piney River. The prisoners are under the supervision of J. A. Howard, deputy sheriff. Suitable quar-ters Łhave been provided for them near the place of operation. It will take about twenty days to complete the work on the bridge and after that the prisoners will be worked on the county roads, probably first near Graysville. Among these prisoners are eight Adventists, who are serving out fines and costs that will keep them at work between sixty and eighty days. There has been some speculation as to whether the officers would attempt to make them work on Saturday, their Sabbath. When asked as to this, Mr. Howard said: "No, we shall respect the Adventists' position and let them observe Saturday as they see fit. They are good people and will not be treated as the balance of the prisoners. They will be given accommodations as good as we can pro-vide apart from the other prisoners, and will only be under nominal restraint." And so it has come at last. Eight Christian men at work under duress of the law for following the dictates of their conscience as taught them by the Bible. We had hoped that Rhea County would be spared this odium. No, the officers need not be afraid these men will try to escape. They have the Spirit of the Carpenter of Nazareth, and will submit meekly to this maladministration of law and justice. People in whom the sense of justice is dead or never lived, may sneer and call them martyrs, but this does not alter the fact that a very arbitrary and stupid thing has been done in depriving these men of their liberty and making them work at the expense of the county for an honest, conscientious, and harmless exercise of what they consider their `religious duty. Ł -4 Ł ANOTHER NOBLE BAPTIST. Camby, Minn., July 11, 1895. REV. A. T. JONES, New York, N. Y. Dear Brother : To-day I was handed a copy of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, dated April 11, 1895. I wish to say that I admire the Christian courage manifested by those Seventh-day Ad-ventists who suffered for conscience' sake. I have lived amongst Seventh-day Adventists and I can testify that, as a people, they are law-abiding and peaceable. Will you kindly write me whether you know of any Baptists who have appeared as their prosecutors? Yours in Christ's bonds, CHAS. D. BLAKER, Pastor of Baptist Church. WE WILL HELP YOU. " How I wish all my friends could read that SENTINEL," is a sentiment expressed by many of our readers on receiving some special number of the SENTINEL; but as it costs one cent each to mail the SENTINEL, many have, for this reason, used but a limited number of papers in this way. Here are offers which will enable you to send a single issue of the SENTINEL to scores, yes, hundreds of your friends for the first cost of the paper, without the additional postage:Š OFFER No. 1. Send a list of the names and addresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send the SENTINEL you name to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. OFFER No. 2. Send us wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Try one of these plans on our excellent extra of July 18. Keep these directions for future reference. -4- Ł AN interesting question has been raised in Rhea County, Tenn., in the case of Allen Cathy, the young man convicted of cutting wood for his mother on Sunday. Mr. Cathy is a man of about twenty-two years of age. His mother is an Adventist, but he is not, and hitherto he has not been a Sabbath-keeper. But Sabbath, July 20, he refused to work and was placed in chains and restricted to a diet of bread and water. We do not know his reason for refusing to work; but it is probable that the injustice which he has suffered, has opened his eyes to the real issues involved in the Sabbath question, and that he has honestly resolved to keep the Sabbath of the Lord. His imprisonment in the first place, was an outrage against human rights scarcely second. to the wrong done to the Adventists, and if the event shall prove that his refusal to work on the 20th ult., was on conscientious and constitutional grounds, the wrong will be that much greater. Tennessee is treading upon dangerous ground. It has already reached a point where, to keep within the limits pre-scribed by the constitution, it must know just what Allen Cathy's conscience is; just whether the seventh day of the week is set apart by his religion as a day of rest; and man has never yet devised any effectual way of ascertaining such factsŠof wringing from men the secrets of their souls, except by the rack and thumbscrew. Will Tennessee adopt such methods ? or will it arbitrarily decide what young Cathy's reli-gion is, or ought to be, and so continue to  ride roughshod over his rights in a more modern but not less cruel way. A CONTEMPORARY thinks we deal too ten-derly with Judge Parks; and asserts that he "is the most blameworthy actor in the perse-cutions at Graysville." We cannot agree with this proposition. That Judge Parks errs both as to his view of the so-called law, and as to his duty to enforce it, we believe. But no one can converse with Judge Parks, as the writer of this note has done, and not be impressed with his entire candor. That the judge has in him the stuff of which martyrs are made, we do not know; but we are not prepared to attribute to him any unworthy motive. We believe that he ought to be governed by the higher law, the constitution of the State, which provides "that no human authority can in any case whatever, control or interfere with the-rights of conscience," and that he ought to refuse to entertain prosecutions under the so-called Sunday law of Tennessee and thus suppPrt the constitution as he is sworn to do. Our contemporary holds that he ought to " resign his position, and do it in such a way that his protest against legalized iniquity will ring from end to end of Tennessee." If there were no other way, our contemporary would be right. Persecution is morally wrong and noth-ing can excuse a man for wrong doing. But Judge Parks himself, holds a still different view, namely, that he ought to retain his position, enforce the "law " mildly but firmly for the time being, and use his influence, for its modification. In our judgment he greatly. errs; but it is, we are persuaded, an error of the head and not of the heart. If Judge Parks were upon the Supreme Bench instead of the Circuit Bench, we are persuaded that Tennes-see would not long persecute honest men for honest work upon any day. .:. The Story of piteairn rsiand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. DITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. 