MAY 7, 1896. A.IVIEMEtlt CAW SIENT INTEL, 151 whole scene was sad and sickening in the extreme. Further information from reliable sources only aug-mented our horror at the depravity of the brutes, who had thus added another blot on England's fair escutcheon. And yet we have heard the hope ex-pressed by philanthropic and Christian people at home that with the opening up of Central Africa by British protectorates and chartered companies an entrance would be secured to the heart of this hitherto unevangelized region for the gospel of Christ. But it is much to be feared that not in this generation will the deep-seated dread and bitter hate of the Mashonas toward the white man be eradicated, whether he represents the church, government or commerce. It is easy to imagine from the foregoing that the Matabeles, who are not of the same submissive stamp as the Mashonas, may have had provocation to justify their insur-rection against British authority. The Ma-tabeles would not be likely to accept without resistance the yoke of servitude imposed as an equivalent for a personal tax, which the Mashonas have borne patiently if unwillingly. DISSENTERS IN RUSSIA. [Richard L, Conradi, Seventh-day Adventist Minister, Hamburg, Germany, in Present Truth, London, Eng.] A NUMBER of interesting communications have reached us of late, showing the steady progress of the work in this great mission field. The difficulties are by no means grow-ing less; on the contrary, they are rather on the increase, and our only hope is that our Lord is at the helm, and that he is mightier than all the earthly powers. Our brethren who are laboring among the German colon- ists have entered several new fields with ap-parent success. What some of our brethren have to suffer is best seen from the following letter from the elder of one of our German churches in the South:Š Last June I wrote you about the difficulties we had for meeting each Sabbath. They have since only in-creased. Each Sabbath we have been fined two shil-lings for each person who attended the meeting. Thus far we have not paid, and in consequence they have taken our sheep, horses, etc., and sold them. We have now taken a piece of new land about one hundred and twenty miles from here, and hope that thereby our situation may be eased. Each week we had to be in prison from twenty-four to forty-eight hours. Remember us in your prayers. The work among the native Russians has been growing quite rapidly. The following letter was received from one of our exiled brethren:Š Psalm cxxi. as greeting! The fifth year of our ban-ishment in this wilderness has begun, and we have had many obstacles and temptations to meet, but the Lord has preserved us through his strength, a miracle of his mercy. Last November we were greatly surprised that the leaders from the different villages visited us, to ask of us the reason of our faith and hope. One of the five elders afterward stood up and remarked: "Dear brethren, these people have the truth; I shall be no hindrance to them, Another stood up and said: "If the first day of the week is not to be kept, then there is no other." But the rest all acknowledged the truth. The visits increase; many have been awakened by publications and letters received from your mis-sion, and there is a great stir here now. Many who before took no pains to study the Bible have, on ac-count of the Bible readings which have been sent to them, been awakened and have bought Bibles. Three preachers have already proclaimed the truth among their own churches, and they spread it from place to place. Ere they did this, they had a day of prayer and fasting in their respective churches. Several have already asked us to be received into church fel-lowship. Thus we can see how the Lord is wonder-fully fulfilling his promises, and while we are bound, he is bringing the hungry souls to us, Therefore we will all be of good courage in the Lord, even in bonds. From another place we received the fol-lowing:Š Psalm xcv. as greeting! The prince at whose house  I stop, has of late been summoned to St. Petersburg. The reason is as follows: Some six months ago he sent a petition to the emperor that all our brethren and sisters might be freed from exile, and also asking for religious liberty. When he returned, we were all anxious to learn of the results, but he was silent. We learned afterward that he had to sign a document in which he had to pledge himself never again to ask any favor for such who had been exiled nor to secure them any passports. The Lord only knows what the future will bring; may his will be done at all times. The latest news from the East has been that one of our native laborers has been imprisoned lately, and that his case has been given into the hands of the higher courts. The Lord has greatly blessed his labors during the past year. Truly the times are becoming more and more perilous. May all awake in view of them, and may we all remember those in bonds for Christ's sake. "EXILED TO SIBERIA FOR THEIR FAITH." THE SENTINEL of April 30 is a, number of exceptional value, and ought to have a wide circulation. Extra copies will be furnished at the usual rates, $1 per hundred. Here are offers which will enable you to send this num-ber to scores, yes, hundreds of your friends for the first cost of the paper, without the addition of postage:Š OFFER No. 1. Send a list of the names and addresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send copies of this issue of the SENTINEL to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. OFFER No. 2. Send us wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Ł * 0  NOTICE. THE second term of the Walla Walla College School of Correspondence will begin June 1st. All who de-sire to enter the work should make satisfactory ar-rangements with the school by that time. Quite a number were debarred from taking the first term's work because their names came in so late. All who desire information should at once send for circulars. Address Walla Walla College School of Correspond-ence, College Place, Wash. E. A. SUTHERLAND. s.  A NEW LINE OF BIBLES. WRITE to us for circular of a new line of Bibles, in which both old and new versions are found not in parallel columns, but in a style at once handy, com- plete, unique. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. Co., 39 Bond St., New York. YOUNG PEOPLE'S LIBRARY SERIES I. 1. Every volume in this library contains cht ice, wholesome, instructive reading, and while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely em- bossed in jet and gold. Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows:Š FIJI AND SAMOA.ŠJOTTINGS FROM THE, PACIFIC, No. 1. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, THE FLORENTINE MARTYR. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS.ŠJOTTINGS FROM THE PACIFIC, No.2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid, for $3.60 ; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OP CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT, REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1,00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Knapp, Wis., March 4, 1896. MESSRS. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. Gentlemen.' Mrs. Petrie would not take one hundred dollars for her Cyclone Washer if she could not get another like it. Yours truly, H. PETRIE. Address, COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS ARE YOU TROUBLED WITH CATARRH P If so, you need a syringe that will apply the remedy to the affected parts. The best syringe for Nasal Catarrh is the " SUCCESS " NASAL SYRINGE. As shown by cut it is a bulb and tube made of soft rubber an inch and a half of the tube being punched with fine holes, thus forc-ing the medicine on all sides of the nasal cavity. By the use of this syringe the tough, honey-comb-like, burrowed tissues can be reached and thoroughly cleansed from the irritating, poisonous matter and thus the disease be cured. Of the thousand and one medicines and inventions that have been used in the treatment of this horrible disease, none have beeri wholly successful. The main reason is that the remedy has not reached the diseased parts. SENT, POSTPAID, ON RECEIPT OF $1.00. Address, A. MALLETT, 435 7th Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y. 