134 THE AMERICAN sENTINrit,. of the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you can't fool all-the-  people all of the time;" so some of the people may believe that no religious legislation is sought, yet there are some who can not be misled. The meetings of the various societies back of this organized effort are held in churches; its literature is decidedly religious; its personnel consists of ministers and church members, and its leading organization has the following in the Constitution:Š The basis of this Union is the divine authority and universal and perpetual obligation of the SabbathŠas manifested in the constitution of nature ; declared in the revealed will of God; formulated in the fourth commandment of the moral law; interpreted and applied by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ; transferred to the Christian Sabbath or Lord's Day by Christ and his apostles ; and approved by its beneficial influence upon national life. There are many difficulties attendant upon religious legislation, while history is replete with accounts of suffering and misery which such legislation has caused, and whatever religious practice or doctrine stands in need of it it is to be condemned as an error by the principles of justice, liberty, and the Bible. H. B. 1VIAunEn. More than Physical Rest Wanted. First the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear. Mark 4: 28. IT is a notable fact that for all that is said about -a Sunday rest being so much needed for the poor laboring man, but few laboring men are putting forth exertions to obtain it, or are heard in the lecture field championing it. If they are - under-going an Egyptian bondage as would ap-pear from the claims of some, it indeed seems strange that their cries and groan-ings should not be heard. About the only men -with Are heard championing a com-pulsory Sunday law are ministers. This-being the case, suspicion naturally arises as to whether this is not, after all, simply, a religious -scheme gotten up in the interests of the Church. But we are Ł calmly assured that this is not- the case; that.  the Sunday law is not intended to compel anybody to be religious, but that it is simply in the interests of the poor laboring man,Što give him a day of phys-ical rest, and make Sunday simply a civil Sabbath. This loOks plausible, and to quite, an extent allays suspicion. But still there remains just a lingering query why it is only the religious Ł who are interested' in this civil affair; and as Sunday is a church institution, how -it is that these divines can be laboring for it only "in the 'interests; of man's physical Indeed, it looks like quite arfreak in human nature.- But let'us compare these ideas with -a few -qn6titions from some Of the authentic documents 'and' representative' Workers in this iridfethent and see -if this is' the' ob- jective 'Point in` movement: First; the`  American Sabbath Union in its Constitu-tion thus declares its object :Š The object of the American Sabbath Union is to preserve the Christian Sabbath as' a day of rest and worship. The Blair Sunday rest bill of the Fifti- eth Congress closed thus:Š The same shall be construed so far as possible to secure to the whole people rest from toil during the first day of the week, their mental and moral cul-ture, and the religious observance' of the Sabbath day. Rev. W. F. Crafts, before the Knights of Labor, in' Chicago, November 29, 1888, said :Š A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis 'of religious obligation. Take the religion out and yOu take the rest out. Joseph Cook, in one of his Monday morning lectures, said The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a clay of worship. And Mrs. J. C. BatehaM, Superintend-ent of the Sabbath observance department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in the Christian Statesman,, of April 11, 1889, said We want it for the purpose for which God de-signed it when he bade us keep it holy, not for frivol-ity and amusement, not for sleep and idleness, not for the Sunday newspaper, with its demoralizing literature, but for reading which is elevating-and improving, including the word of God, and for attendance upon church services. This puts a rather different face on the question. In the light of these statements all this palaver about a ei it Sabbath, and wanting a Sunday law:,:Simply that the poor laboring man may have physical rest' vanishes into thin air. It reminds us of the tramp who stopped at a house and thus ingeniously addressed the landlady : " Madam, would you please be so kind as 'to give me a drink of water, for I'm so hungry I don't know-  where I'm going to-sleep to-night." So with the clamorers for Sunday laws. They want a civil Sunday law because the religious observance of the day is so small they do not know how they are going to fill` their churches. The Whole policy of this movement ap-pears to be in the line of the advice given by a minister in San Diego, California. He said In this thing you must not ask for too much at first. Ask just what public sentiment will bear, and when you get that; ask for more. It is manifestly actuated by selfish aims Što get control of the civil power that it may be used as a tool to play into the 'hands of the Church. First, they want a .qaw compelling a man to rest. But 'this' .only_ paves the waY.to :coddle (or cudgel) ' him up to go to church and worshipŠWith his pocket book at least. It is on the plan of the Western farmer who wanted more money to Illy more land' toŁ raise more,  corn to feed .more hogs to' get More "money-  to Łbuy 'there ',land 'tot raise 'more corn, etc. So these SUndayqa*:a& 'Vacates waist a compulgory Sunday lawto  make more people keep Sunday to get more to attend church to get more money to pay more preachers to get more h,ws to make more Sunday-keepers, etc. They want the whole earthŠby law. W. A. COLCORD. Morality by Law. Don't leave moral work to be done by the law. We do not want to, see our ministers acting as searchers and informers. Others can do that. They have a work which others can not do. It is theirs to do the work which their great Example did. He saved men from their sins, but not with the sword of (-Isar.--.Toiva State Register. IF moral work was left to be done by law it would never be done, because it is not the province of law to make men moral: It is away beyond the power of law to implant morality in the heart, or even to beget in the heart the desire to be moral. Anything short of the gospel of Christ can have' nothing to do with im-planting moral principles and moral im-pulses in the human breast, and whenever anybody talks about legislating morality into man he talks about an impossible thing. Morality is conformity to the moral law, and no man and no woman has ever in this world conformed to the moral law withOut divine help, because the law is spiritual and reaches to the thoughts and intents of the heart. And whenever we hear people talk about Sun-day laws in the interest of morality, we set it down that such persons know but little about morality, or that they want laws that will lay down what a person shall think, and laws that will map out what a person shall believe and what he shall not believe. But this would involve the Inquisition, for how can it be known what a person's thoughts are if he does not choose to divulge them, except they be wrung from him by the rack and the thumbscrew, and by similar persua-sive measures ? The work of the minister of Christ is truly, as the Register says, " to do the work which their great Example did." If they do this they will preach his gospel and cease to wire-work legislatures in the interests of morality and, of the Church. The minister of Christ should never en-gage in any political workŠnot even to,  voteŠas a minister, and not even as a Christian. If he feels he must take part in civil affairs, let him do it as a man, as a citizen merely, and 'not as a religionist. Our Government is a civil Government. and is for the citizen, for the good of man in this 'life, and it has nothing to do with the other life, arid fora man even to vote, with the intention of fashioning legislation in the interest .of any church creed, or of any religious tenet, would be using the franchise in an unlaWful way.ŠFresno (Cal.) Inquirer. GOD never orders a draft for his army; all must be volunteers.ŠBam's Horn. 