36 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. versally recognized. Many seem to consider that the institutions of the gospel are twofold, both moral and positive. But that is an error, as we have shown. The gospel enforces all morality, but it originates none. A Govern-ment, in declaring an amnesty or offering par-don to those who have been in rebellion, either expresses or implies the condition that they must cease their rebellion and return to the support of, and obedience to, the Constitution of the Government. But the amnesty or par-don does not originate the Constitution or add a particle to its force and obligation. Both Christ and his apostles enforced the law of God, and constantly referred to the Scriptures, the word of God, as authority for, their teachings. But they never announced that they were au-thorized to give power and efficiency to the law, nor to annul one precept of the law and erect another in its stead, or to add any new morality to that which existed -before. They taught repentance and the remission of sins. Theirs was purely a "ministry of reconcilia-tion." Of course we speak now of " the moral law" only, not of the types and ordinances of past dispensations. These were temporary, and were adopted for a development of the gospel or remedial system. Not one of them existed originally by virtue of the work of creation, as did the ten commandments; not one of them ever, would have existed if man had not sinned. The law of God is very brief in terms, but universal in its application. There is not a relation in life, except those which grow out of sin; which it leaves untouched. In few words, it guards our rights in respect to life, chastity, property, and reputation. Examining these four precepts, we find that they cover all the rights which our fellow-creatures can invade, and all the duties which Nye owe to them. - If these are obeyed in the spirit of love, which is the spirit of the law, we then observe the golden rule; we do to our neighbor just what we would that our neighbor should do to us. And thus it is seen that there is nothing religious in the golden rule. It relates only to duties between man and man, and surely we are not required to worship one another I It is not at all pecul-iar to the gospel; the Saviour said, "For this is the law and the prophets." It needs not a word to convince any one that it would have existed as perpetual duty if man had not fallen Šif there never had been any such a system as the gospel. And so we might proceed, step by step, to show that not a single item of morality that ever was taught is peculiar to the gospel. To break any of these commandments which relate to our duty to our neighbor is to infringe upon the rights Of our neighbor; -and, therefore, it is perfectly proper for the civil Government to punish.for the violation of them. The very object of Government is the preservation of rights, or the protection of its citizens. But it is not the office of civil Government to declare that a man shall worship God, or to decide in what manner he shall worship, if he chooses to worship at all. And herein is shown the inconsistency of the National Reformers. They declare that the ten commandments shall be enforced if the amendment shall be secured. And they say that there is nothing in. their movement which can or will hinder  the Catholics working with them. And yet they well know that the Catholics, in their worship, violate both the letter and the spirit ofŁ the second commandment. In the enumera-tion of religious errors which these reformers say ought to be suppressed, we have never known them to mention this item of false wor-ship. They denounce the false worship of the Chinese as dangerous to our Christianity, but say not a word against the worship of "Mary." Why is this ? It may be that the Catholics are too numerous to be meddled with, and it may be that they count on the aid of the Cath-olics to secure the amendment, knowing that such an amendment perfectly coincides with the Catholic faith in regard to the relation which the Church sustains to the Government. We have little hope, if any, that we shall succeed in causing the amendmentists to rec-ognize the difference between morality and re- ligionŠbetween those things which civil Gov-ernment may and may not enforce or regulate. It is not to the interest of their cause to do justice to their readers in laying down the true principles of Government. As a specimen of their method of treating these subjects, we copy the following from the Statesman of April 1, 1886:Š " Our Government does not trespass on lib-erty of conscience when it provides that the moral law of which Christ is the author shall decide all questions in our national life." Who can tell what they mean by the above? To what moral law do they refer? Is it to be found in the Old or the New Testament? There is a moral law in the Old Testament, namely, the ten commandments, but in that there is not Łone Christian feature. The Jew accepts it heartily; if it were adopted as the Constitution of our Government, it would shut out neither the Jew nor the Mohammedan. That would not make us a "Christian nation." And we confidently repeat our affirmation that the gospel of Christ does not originate one jot of morality. There is not a particle of moral- ity in the New Testament which it does not derive from the Old. The gospel is purely and only a remedial systemŠnot at all a moral system. The Statesman was once pressed on this very point. The question wasŁ propounded to it if, when they asked to have " all Christian laws, usages, and institutions placed on an undeni- able legal basis in the fundamental law of the land," it included baptism and the Lord's Sup- per. It enumerated its points as follows:Š "Among these are the laws which regulate marriage, and those which forbid and punish blasphemy, the offering of prayer in our Na-tional and State Legislatures, the maintenance of religious worship and instruction in our asy-lums, reformatories, and jails, the observance of public thanksgivings and fasts, the use of the oath in courts of justice, and many others. All these, as well as the laws which guard the Sab-bath, we desire to maintain. All these, more-over, are proper to the State, and cannot, in any candid mind, be confounded with baptism and the Lord's Supper." True, they cannot; and why not? Simply because baptism and the Lord's Supper are " Christian institutions," and the other things enumerated are not 1 If anything is wanted to convict them of deception, they have furnished  it above. A certain advocate o: the Religious Amendment, who was also an officer of the Association, when asked what effect their leg-islation would have upon the rights of the Jews, said:Š " We are not a Jewish, but a Christian na-tion; therefore our legislation must be con-formed to the institutions and spirit of Chris-tianity." if these people do not intend to deceive, why do they not speak in plain terms, and tell us just what they mean ? The Jews had laws regulating marriage, punishing blasphemy, for false oaths, providing for religious worship, thanksgivings, fasts, and guarding the Sabbath. And, moreover, as regards prayer in our leg-islatures, something less than thirty years ago, when there had been a long and bitter strife in our National Blouse of Representatives over the election of a Speaker, a Jewish Rabbi was invited to act as chaplain one morning, and that day the strife ended in a peaceable elec- tion ! To legislate for Christians as distinguished from Jews, and to recognize Jesus Christ as ruler, and his laws as the laws of the land, it is necessary to place on a legal basis that which is peculiar to Christianity- in distinction from Judaism. But in the above enumeration by the Statesman there is not a single point of that character. Indeed, if they drop out baptism and the Lord's Supper, it will puzzle them to find any " Christian institutions" at all ! It is very true that " in any candid mind " these stand apart from the objocts which they profess to seek; but " in any candid mind " they must necessarily be included in the enumeration of " all Christian institutions." But we are fear-ful that we have not candid minds to deal with in refuting the fallacies of the National Reform Association. This distinction will be noticed further. We close this article with the affirmation, and we can maintain it, too, that no Christian institu-tion is properly a subject of human legislation and enforcement. As was said before, infidels have no rights in the Christian church, and therefore infidels have no right or privilege to observe Christian institutions; they belong to Christians only. When enforced by civil au-thority, they are perverted, and abused. J. H. W "influence of the Union." "UNDER this head, Baptist Noel, the English author, in his book on the Union of Church and State, speaking of the excommunication of dissenters, says:Š "Without the aid of the union, these canon-ical fulminations would be simply ridiculous; but when solemnly promulgated by a synod of the State-paid clergy as the doctrine of the national church, they attach the stigma of schism to dissenters in the minds of myriads. Under the shelter of these canons, bishops pro-claim them in their charges to be schismatics, clergymen echo it from their pulpits, and even liberal men in the establishment are afraid openly to deny it. By aid of-the union, the es-tablishment, rising above all competition, can loftily look down upon all other churches as sectaries. "this is not a mere State church,' 