410 AMERICAN SENTINEL. complications, and in its renunciation of all schemes o f foreign conquest, and whose mission should be the sub-jection to civilization and industrial occupation of the vast domain on which it has taken root. If you believe these things do not permit any accusation of ultra and unprogressive conservatism to trouble you. If the sug-gestion is made that the time has come for our nation to abandon its old landmarks, and to follow the lights of monarchical hazards, and that we should attempt to force the simple machinery of our popular and domestic Government to serve the. schemes of imperialism, your challenge of the proposition is entirely in order. If you are satisfied that foreign conquest and unnatural exten-sion or annexation are dangerous perversions of our national mission, and if it shall seem to you, in the light of reason and history, that such perversions bring in their train a people's demoralization and a decay of popular contentment and virtue, more surely destructive to republics than armies with banners, you will not neces-sarily be wrong. Ł "Recalling what we have done and what yet remains forsus to do under the guidance of the rules and motives which have thus far governed our national life, you surely are entitled to demand the best of reasons for a change in our policy and conduct, and to exact a conclusive ex-planation of the conditions which make our acquisition of new and distant territory either justifiable, prudent or necessary. Perhaps you should be satisfied with the ex-cuse that such acquisition is necessary by way of warlike preparation or precaution. This, however, will imme-diately suggest to you that we have found heretofore a constant source of congratulation in the fact that the contemplation of war and its contingencies is not, and should not be, familiar to our ordinary national life; that it has always been our boast that a large standing military establishment and warlike precautions are not among the needs of a people whose victories are those of peace, and whose immunity from armed conflict is found in their freedom from the foreign relationships that give birth to war; and ,that, though it has been abundantly demonstrated that the courage and splendid fighting qualities of our countrymen will never fail in time of need, it is still a grave question whether the cheapening of our estimate of the value of peace by dwelling upon war and warlike preparation is calculated to improve the quality of our national character. "It is difficult to deal with the question of war just at this time and avoid misconception and misrepresentation; but we are considering American citizenship and en-deavoring to find its bent and most useful characteristics and how they can be most effectively cultivated and se-curely preserved. From this standpoint war is a hateful thing, which we should shun and avoid as antagonistic to the objects of our national existence, as threatening demoralization to our national character and as obŁ structive to our nationl destiny. If you believe this you should stand bravely for your belief, even though a shower of stupid cat-calls may fill the air. If, on account of this belief, you are called milksops and cowards, want-ing peace at any price, you will find youraelf in splendid companionship." DIPLOMATIC relations between the pope and the re-public of Chili have been resumed, after an interruption of ten years. Studies in French History.-28. "WELL, Rob, you're in the limboes, as they say, now, I suppose," said his friend, Charlie White, as they walked home from school that afternoon. "Good enough!" chimed in Edna Phillips, it will be good.for you,Šstrengthen your memory, you know." "Well, you' are about as comforting to a fellow as Job's three friends, I must say!" exclaimed -Rob. But I imagine I can find more to say of interest about Jeanne Dare, Charlie, after you and I have been to visit the very places where she lived and moved and had her being;Šlet's see,". mused Rob; "it isn't so very long now. Ex-amination comes,Šand I suppose that decides it,Šin only three weeks, and if we pass,"Šand Rob drew a long breath. "Yes," echoed Charlie; "if we pass." The boys had been in the habit of counting the weeks to examination, and at last the days, for a long time. They were to start on ,the long-anticipated journey in a few weeks afterward. "Mother," said Rob at the breakfast table next morning, "Professor Carman has appointed me to read something about Jeanne Dare, it must be original, you know; or I can give a little talk about her, just as I like." "I am thinking it would be well to talk instead of write; you are quite handy with your pen any way, much more than with your tongue." Tuesday afternoon-came once more, and all too soon for Rob, who thought he had never seen a week pass so fast, for he had been very busy. But although he hardly felt equal to the task before him, he stepped to the desk in response to his teacher's invitation, and began his little story:Š "The home of Jeanne Darc at the time when she began to fight for her country, was a little village in the north_ eastern part of France called Domre'my. "This girl pretended to have visions, which fact led her to leave home and go to Orleans as fast as she could, to raise an army to fight the English. She didn't like English people at all, and she didn't want them in her country." "I wonder if we would confuse Rob if we asked ques-tions once in a while," piped Will Palmeter. "No, I guess not; if I can't answer them, may be Pro-fessor Carman will help me." "Well," said Will, "I was wondering if this girl had 