THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 3 another. We are, according to this astound-ing idea, to understand that when Christ de-clares a sparrow shall not fall to the ground without the permission of our heavenly Father, the reference is to the mediatorial kingdom instead of God's kingdom of providence, or his essential kingdom; that when our SaViour taught his disciples to pray to their heavenly Father for daily bread, the Mediator was meant. Will some ardent National Reformer cite us to a single passage of Scripture that asserts that Christ as Mediator ever furnished a mouthful of food for his people except by a miracle? His whole work upon the hearts of men is supernatural. Christ as Mediator does not interfere with the essential government of the GOdhead in his natural and proVidential dealing with mankind, except as the interests of his church require. Saint and sinner eat of the grain from the same field, warmed by God's sun, fertilized by his rains, and the only differ-ence fs,the saints through mediatorial interces-sion receive a supernatural blessing with it. National Reformers cite Matt. 28 : 18; "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." They set up a man of straw; no one denies the power of the Mediator. But the question is as to the exercise of that power. We hold to the declaration that the exercise of the me-diatorial power is subservient to the interests of the church. The mediatorial power is in-finite, but its exercise is just equal to the need of the children of God. Tho grace of the Me-diator is infinite, but its exercise is limited to the perfect welfare of the elect. So it is we apprehend in regard to the power of the Medi-ator; it is limited in its exercise to the needs of the elect. If wo aro charged with impiety in holding to the latter, National Reformers aro liable to the same charge in reference to the former. Matt. 28 : 18 is cited, but this does not-refer toiltoovernment of the world in the exercise or" allpoWer " but to the needs of his church baptizing and teaching. It refers undoubtedly to Christ's spiritual kingdom. We believe the National Reformers make a' gross misapplica-tion of the text, The work that Christ put upon .his disciples was a mighty one. From the human, standpoint the means to the end were insignificant and foolish. Hence Christ, to help their wavering faith, prefaced his com-mand, by telling them, all power in earth and heaven was given unto him. " Go yo there-fore," said he, without fear and doubting, " and diSciple all nations," " and, lo, I am' with you alway." The reference is undoubtedly to the exercise of Christ's power in establish-ing his spiritual kingdom. This will be clear when we compare Rev. 2 : 26 with the text cited. This passage gives the same power pre-cisely into the hands of believers. If the pas-sage cited by the National Reformers gives Christ, as Mediator, rule over civil govern-ments, or " the nations," then in that ease ho is to have rivals to his supremacy, for Rev. 2 : 26' puts the same power into the hands of be-lievers. " To him [" that overcometh 1 will I .give power over the nations!' We have had these passages examined by a critical and learned expositor; and lie tells us the "original c1 is he 8A1110 1l `both places: Ł One passage more, Col. 2 : 9, 10. These verses have no reference whatever by any kind of twisting to civil government. Na-tional Refbrmers, to make this citation avail-able, must show that civil governments are included in the words, " principalities and powers." This no man can do; because the apostle settles it beyond all controversy the other way. In the fifteenth verse it is said, having "spoiled principalities and powers;" and if civil government is included, then the apostle was mistaken, for civil government yet lives unspoiled, fbr National Reformers to quarrel over with the rest of the world. The allusion is doubtless the same the apostle makes in Eph. 6 : 12, to spiritual powers: " For we wrestle not againstiteg and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rul-ers of the darkness of this world, against spir-itual wickedness," etc. The exposition that National Reformers give would make the Me-diator " spoil " an institution of which National Reform declares him the head. He is absurdly made by them to overwhelm his own kingdom. They seem determined to "take him by force and make him King." We are profoundly persuaded that the crown National Reform holds in its hand is a crown of thorns. ORIENT. Both Sides. Paom-the Rev. Robert White, of Stenbenviller  Ohio, we have the following communication un-der the heading, "Hear the Other Side," which in harmony with his request we gladly give place in the SENTINEL:Š "Through your kindness I have received the AMERICAN SENTINEL for January, Febru-ary, March, October, and November, 1886. I have given them careful perusal, and have also noted some things to which, with your permission, I would like to reply in your col-umns. "As your aim and mine is only-to know-and to do what is. right, and as it is not victory for its own sake, but for truth's sake that we are (or ought to be) striving for, I feel sure you will cheerfully accord me the privi-lege of correcting what I regard, as misstate-ments made (no doubt honestly) by you of the sentiments, purposes, and position of the National Reform Association. This, and not the Religious Amendment party,' or the God-in-the-Constitution' party, is our cor-rect designation. These and all similar titles wo disown and disclaim. Whatever may be the design of those who employ them, they convey a wrong, because a one-sided and im-perfect, notion of the object of the National Reform Association. "Before,,however, proceeding to the correc-tion of what I consider misinterpretations and misapprehensions of the declarations and views of the advocates of National Reform, I desire to enter my protest against the very serious charges you lay at their door. Al-though you pay a not undeserved tribute to the respectability, learning, piety, and patriot-ism of its published list of officers, over and over again you affirm that our professed ob-ject is one thing while our real object is an-other and n; totally different thing (p. 76). You assert that we are laboring to subvert the Constitution of our country (p. 78), and to overthrow all that was done by the Revo-lutionary fathers (p. 81); thatwe proposeto put in practicepersecutionfor conscience' sake (pp. 78; 84); 'that we are seeking ,our ,own aggran-dizement (p. 86); thatwetare actuated by am-bition (p. 7 6)-;-and that ourrepeated re-affir- mations or denials that we do not contemplate in any sense a union of Church and State is a mere blind (p. 19), a display of effrontery (p. 81), an exhibition of duplicity (p. 74), and a piece of Jesuitical casuistry to hide our real intention (p. 19). You also say that we do not see how we can expect anything else of that party. Its cause is worthy only of Jes-uitism and the Inquisition, and can only be justified by such casuistry as a Jesuit might envy' ( 20). " Do p.  you really think, Messrs. Editors, that this is an honorable mode of warfare? Is it nec-essary to the success of your cause? If it is, then verily it must be a bad one. When such questionable measures have to be employed to defend it, it is condemned, already.' If you think the advocates of National Reform are mistaken or misguided, have a zeal that is not according to knowledge, and do not perceive the natural and necessary consequences, of their movement, you have an undaunted right to say so, and also to try to prove what you say. But to bold them up to public rep= robation as deliberate and intentional deceiv-ers is, to say the least, very unfair. Insinu-ation, defamation, and aspersion of motives are not arguments. Let us reason together, but because we differ, let us not descend to vituperation. "A great deal of what you have written against the National Reform Association arises-from a misreading (how to account for it I do not know) of the constitution of the Assd-elation. In almost every paper you sent me (and I suppose the same is true of those I have not received),you say that the object of the National Reform ,Association, in the Amendment to our National Constitution they wish incorporated in that instrument, is to le-galize the laws and institutions of Christian-ity, or of that which they May claim is Chris-tianity;' or 'to place the laws, usages, and institutions of the Christian religion on an un- deniable legal basis' (pp. 1, 3, 4). How for-eign this is to our purpose will be seen almost at a glance by comparing your way of putting it with the language of the constitution of the National Reform Association. As many of your readers may never have seen it, and as it is of itself a sufficient reply to much that 'has appeared in the SENTINEL, I ask as a mat-ter of justice, and that your readers may have an opportunity of judging for themselves, that you publish it in full. The readers ofthe SEN-TINEL will do themselves a favor by referring to it as often as may be necessary. CONSTITUTION OF THE NATIONAL REFORM ASSOCIATION. " Believing that Almighty God is the source of all power and authority in civil government, that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Ruler of nations, and that the re-vealed Will of God is of Supreme authority in civil af-fairs; " Remembering that this country was settled by Christian men, with Christian ends in view, and that they gave a distinctly Christian character to the institu-tions which they established; "'Perceiving the subtle and persevering attempts which are made to prohibit the reading of the Bible in our. Public Schools, to overthrow our Sabbath Laws, to corrupt the Family, to abolish the Oath, Prayer in our National and State Legislatures, Pays of Fasting and Thanksgiving and other Christian features of our in-stitutions, and so to divorce the American Government from all connection with the Christian religion; " Viewing with gravo apprehension the corruption of our politics, the legal sanction of the Liquor Traffic, and the disregard of moral and religious character in those who are exalted to high places in the nation; " Believing that a written Constitution ought to con-tain explicit evidence of the Christian character and purpose of the nation which .frames it, and perceiving that the silence of the Constitution of the United States in this respect is used as an argument against all that is Christian in the usage and administration of our Gov-ernment; " We, citizens of the United States, do associate our-selves under the following AnTioLEs, and pledge our-selves to God, and to one another, to labor, through-wise and lawful means, for the ends herein set forth:Š ARTIeLE " nip Society-shall he called the 4"NATIoNA.T., Iowa ASSOCIATION." 