210 THE AMERICAN s_b,NŁriNEL. munities of citizens of the United States." Citizenship of the United States, there-, fore, and the rights, privileges, and im-munities of persons as such, under this amendment takes precedence of all the powers of the States. Under the First Amendment there is secured to all citizens of the United States perfect immunity from any form of oppression on account of relig-ious convictions; because the power of the United States is positively forbidden to be exercised in any such way. And as, by this amendment, every citizen has perfect immunity and privilege secured to him in the free exercise of his religious convic-tions, and as by this amendment every State is absolutely prohibited from either making or enforcing any law abridging the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States, it therefore follows logically and justly, that ,no State can make any law, or enforce any law that is already made, which would interfere in any way with the right of an observer of the seventh day, or any other, to be free from any interference whatever on the part of, or in behalf of, those who observe Sunday or any other day. Logically and justly the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitu-tion of the United States would absolutely prohibit any State from making or en-forcing any law for the observance of Sunday, and much more, any law com-pelling the observance of Sunday by those who have already observed another day. We know that the turn is now at-tempted to be taken by the courts, that Sunday legislation is not religious legisla-tion, and that Sunday laws are not en-acted or enforced in the interests of relig-ion; but this is false. There is not a Sunday law on any statute book in Chris-tendom that is not there out of deference to religion, and that is not there because of the distinctively religious idea that at-taches to it; and for judges on the bench to undertake to make it appear that these laws are not religious, and that such leg-islation is not religious legislation, is to falsify the record in two particulars. First, Sunday is in itself religious, and religious only. The first Sunday law that ever was made was enacted solely in the interest of religion, and the object of the law was to devote the day to " the pur-poses of devotion," thus putting into the law the religious idea that attaches to the day; and every Sunday law that' has ever been enacted from that day till this has been enacted with this same idea in it. Sometimes, indeed, the laws are Łfound to read, "The first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday," but that does not modify the matter in the least. The idea of the first day of the week as such, and as a distinctive day, is religious, and there is no other idea that attaches to it in the laws that have been enacted or in the minds of those who observe the day or who seek to enforce the law. The first  day of the week owes its precedence to the fact that Christ rose on that, day, and it is in honor of this event that the day is said to have been set apart and to be ob-served; and this is.entirely religions, so that whether it be . as the first day of the week " or as plain " Sunday," the thought that' is in the phrase and that is in the law wherever it may be found is religious only, and for judges on the bench to attempt to make it otherwise is simply to do violence to all the logic of the question, and to contradict all the facts in the history of the question. Again, every one of these laws has been enacted with the distinct intention of showing deference to the religious idea that is expressed in the day. The laws were enacted solely for that purpose. The original laws of this country were the Sunday laws of the colonies. Each one of the colonies having an established religion and considering itself to be set for the propagation of the kingdom of God in the earth, established by law the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, or the Lord's day, solely with the intention of compelling, all people within its jurisdic-tion to comply with the forms of the re-ligious establishment of that particular colony. All the Sunday laws of the other States, and the idea of them have been taken bodily from those of the" original thirteen. Now it is a principle in the interpretation of law, that no meaning shall be given to a law that was not in it when it was enacted. The rule is that a statute " is not to be made to mean one thing at one time, and another at some subsequent time, when the circumstances may have so changed as perhaps to make a different rule in the case seem desirable. . . . The meaning of the Constitution (or statute) is fixed when it is adopted, and it is not different at any subsequent time when the Court has occasion to pass upon it." And says Cooley : " A Court or Legislature which should allow a change of public sentiment to influence it in giving to a written Constitution a con-' struction not warranted by the intention of its founders, would be justly charge-able with reckless disregard of official oath and public duty." This is as true of a statute as it is of a Constitution. No Court has any right to give to any law a meaning other than that which was in it when it was made. As Ł the Sunday laws have been enacted solely out of regard for religion; and as the purpose in the enactment of the laws was solely religious; when a Court attempts to read into the statute any other mean-ing, and to give to the laws any other purpose, it simply does violence to the rules of law established for the guidance of courts, and sets up the mere opinion of the judges who so decide, and makes their will to be the law. Legislation and laws in behalf of Sun-day, being religious legislation solely,  are clearly prohibited to Congress by the First Amendment to the Constitution. It therefore follows that so far as the power of the United States-  is concerned, every citizen of the United States has perfect immunity from any such legisla-tion. And as the Fourteenth Amendment makes all persons born or naturalized in the United States citizens of the United States first of all, and then positively pro-hibits any State from making or enforcing any law abridging the privileges or im-munities of citizens of the United States, it follows that properly and logically the Constitution of the United States abso- lutely prohibits any State from making or enforcing any Sunday law. And much more does it prohibit the enforcement of the observance of Sunday upon those who religiously observe another day. We know that this point has never yet been raised under the Constitution, and consequently the Constitution has never yet been officially construed with refer-ence to this question. But that this is the logic of the Constitution upon this point, there can be no question; and that we have excellent authority for saying that this is the proper construction of the Con-stitution is equally clear. Hon. James G. Blaine was in Congress .when the Fourteenth Amendment was adopted. He played a leading part in all the move-ments which secured the adoption of this amendment as a part of the Constitution. His opinion of the meaning of this clause of the amendment can be only second in weight to that of the official declaration of the Supreme Court of the United States ; and as the Supreme Court has not yet been called upon to pronounce upon the ques-tion, Mr. Blaine's opinion is, so far, of the very highest importance and of the great-est value. On pages 312-314, Vol. II of his work, " Twenty Years of Congress," Mr. Blaine discusses the value and im-portance of the Fourteenth Amendment, and on page 314 are the following words :Š The language of the Fourteenth Amendment is authoritative and mandatory : " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." Under the force of these weighty inhibitions, the citizen .of foreign birth cannot be persecuted by discriminating stat-utes, nor can the citizen of dark complexion be de-prived of a single privilege or immunity which be-longs to the white man. Nor can the Catholic, or the Protestant,- or the Jew be placed under ban or subjected to any deprivation of personal or religious right. The provision is comprehensive and abso-lute, and sweeps away at once every form of op-pression and every denial of justice. This clearly touches the point at issue in the case which is proposed to be carried up from Tennessee. If the Catholic, or the Protestant, or the Jew cannot be placed under ban, or subjected to any depriva-tion of personal or religious right, then certainly each one of these classes is free from religious subjection to the religious 