250 AMERICAN SENTINEL". " Federation"is. the Next Step." THE New York Independent, of April 1st, devotes nearly five pages to the subjeCt of "Federation of Young People's Societies." These articles were furnished by of-ficials of the severalyoung people's societies. Dr. Carroll, of the Independent, closes his article introducing the sub-ject with the following:Š "As a matter of interest, I give herewith the number of members of the various young people's societies in the United States, according to the latest reports:Š ‚`SOCIETIES. "Christian Endeavor-Societies-'(40 Churches)...2,162,000 "Epworth League, Methodist Episcopal Church 1,500,000 iC " " South 150,000 "Baptist Young People's Union 400,000 "Young People's Christian Union, United Brethren 75.000 "Luther League, Lutheran  Ł 60,000 "Young People's Christian Union, United Presby- terian 35,146 "Young People's Christian Union, Associate Ref 2,223 CC Alliance, Ev. Assoc 30,407 "Total members 4,414,776 "Return from the Westminster League—which has, I Ł believe, no national organization as yet, would,doubtless swell the total to something like 4,500,000." From the articles in the Independent it appears that earnest efforts have been made to unite all these societies under one Organization, but the spirit of unity was lack-ing and their efforts failed. In the absence of Christian unity sufficient to effectual spiritual unity, it is now pro--posed to organize a gigantic federation of all young -people's societies. That the reader may understand the motions actuating this from of federation, we quote -from one of the articles from the pen of a trustee of the United Society of Christian Endeavor:Š "Federation is the next step forward in the Young People's movement. It is logical and providential. The uprising of the young people is the most significant fact in the history of modern ChristendomŠthe twenty-ninth chapter of the Book of the Acts. Its import is far reaching." "The importance of Federation as facing social prob-Jems cannot be exaggerated. The present exigency is putting an emphasis on problems sociological more than theological. Cooperation not as a sentiment but as a power, is demanded. Combine the moral forces of the community and there is no evil that you cannot crush. Combine we must." "When the power of the whole Church is felt behind every church, when all the moral forces are coordinated, then' it may lift up its head for its redemption draweth nigh. "Take the Sunday question, which at this moment is paramount. While the Church is relaxing its regard for the sacred day, a conservative influence is coming from the workingman. . . Facing outward toward all such questions, Federation grows immensely im-port ant." With this gigantic Federation whose very existence  is the result of, the lack.of Christian unity and therefore the laCk of Christ, it is now proposed to crush all evil. With this confederacy it is proposed to save the Sunday-sabbath. "While the Church [professing to be organized by Christ with a union as close as the Father and Son] is relaxing its regard for the sacred day," it is proposed to save it with a confederacy which has its origin in the lack of this union. Against all such confederacies the Lord warns us by the prophet Isaiah, thus:Š "For the Lord spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying,. Say ye not, A Confederacy, to alithem to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord -of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread." What the Church and the young people's societies need is the unity which results from the sanctifying power of the Holy Spirit upon the heart, and not the empty substitute, federation. A. F. B. -Ł 4 Ł THE "National Municipal League" is another organ-ization of the "good citizenship" type, Which has for its object the reform of municipal government. A conference under the auspices of this League will be held in Louis-ville, Ky., May 5-7. It is stated that at this conference the churches will be appealed to, "not as denominations, but as congregations and as Christians." What force this distinction will have from a political standpoint does not appear. An " International Good Citizens' League." WE have already mentioned the call which has been sent out for a "National Good Citizens' Convention," to be held at Nashville, May 18-20, of this year. This con- vention, it now appears, has for its main purpose the for- mation of a permanent organization io be known as the "International Good Citizens' League," with the follow-ing aims:Š "1st. To unite for efficient and concerted action, and for mutual encouragement, all friends of good govern-ment, liberty and prosperity. "2nd. To purify politics, and for public office to 'pro-vide out of the people able men, such as fear God. men Of truth, hating unjust gain.' "3rd. To accept Christ and his law as the true basis of government and the supreme authority in national as in individual life. "4th. For alleviation of suffering, uplifting of hu-manity, and, as far as possible, abatement of poverty. "5th. For universal diffusion of knowledge-and pro-mulgation of truth. "6th. To promote the study of citizen-du ty,from the Bible stand-point, the glorious opportunities, privileges, and possibilities within reach of that nation whose gov-ernment honors God's authority." The Christian Statesman prints the above with the 