AMERICAN SENTINEL. 89 be forever -sacred by the constitution of Tonga, must he in addition to it observe the day enjoined by that consti-tution? If so, he by no means enjoys religious freedom. Should he labor on the day that the constitution declares sacred, and on which it says that no work shall be done, then he would be charged with doing that which is un-lawful and contrary to the peace of the land. So we see at once that the exercise of religious freedom is curtailed by the highest law of the land. It is very evident that no such law should compose a part of any governmental constitution. It is civil power entering the domain of God-given individual freedom. If the individual conscientiously observes another day than the one enjoined by the government, and then is compelled by the civil power- to observe in addition the one commanded by its constitution, he is taxed fifty-two days per year for his religious convictions, without the least benefit to the government. Counting his time at the moderate sum of one dollar and a half per day, he, virtually loses seventy-eight dollars each year, and all because he chooses to worship God according to the dic-tates of his conscience. No, no; any government that enjoins Sabbath ob-servance upon its constituents does not grant religious liberty. The Lord gives a man the liberty of choosing between good and evil; but civil government does not propose to do this in the matter of Sabbath-keeping. The Lord says: "See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil." "Choose ye this day whom ye will serve." Deut. 30:15; Josh. 24:15. The lack of knowledge as to what constitutes true liberty has made the martyrs' graves. A man may know considerable about religious liberty; that is, about the privileges granted by the civil power respecting the prac-tice of any religion; and he may live under a government that grants him this liberty to the fullest degree; and yet he may be an absolute stranger to true liberty. True or Christian liberty does not come from civil government. It emanates from a higher source. The choosing or rejecting of it involves life or death. Christ, the author of life, is the only one who has power to give life. The Word, in speaking of Christ, says, "Whoso findeth me findeth life." Prov. 8:35. This liberty, which is the free-dom of soul from the slavery of sin, is within the reach of all. All are born into this world the servants of sin. Said the patriarch David: "Behold I was shapen in iniq-uity; and in sin did my mother conceive me." Ps. 51:5. Said the Saviour, "Whosoever committeth sin is the serv-ant of sin." John 8:34. Reader, are you in the slavery of sin? Do you desire to be set free? Here is the remedy. "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." John 8:32. It is the truth brought into the inner sanctuary of the soul that sets the captive free. Now, when the divine law enjoins the observance of the seventh day of the week, and civil government de-mands obedience to the first, which will the Christian obey? He has tasted the pardoning love of the Infinite One, his soul is free, and he feels that he must stand fast  in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made him free. Gal. 5:1. It matters not whether he dwells in a dungeon, or a palace, he will maintain his allegiance to the divine government, and through obedience to the immutable law of God keep his name recorded in the book of life. How unjust and cruel for earthly governments to enforce a law upon their constituents which is diametric-ally opposed to freedom of soul, and squarely in opposi-tion to the divine law of God! 0 that those who are laboring in the interest of such a law could see from the light of God's Word what an evil thing they are doing. We trust some, at least, who are engaged in this wicked work, will find it hard to "kick against the pricks," and, like Saul of old, will be brought into harmony with the mandates of heaven, and find true liberty through the blood of Christ. Tonga, Friendly Islands, South Pacific Ocean. 11-'-Ł -4 Bogus "Public Sentiment." ON this subject the Detroit Free Press, in a recent is-sue, speaks as follows:Š "One of the most pronounced nuisances in either branch of Congress is the 'petition fiend' who devotes himself to 'creating public sentiment' by sending out great quantities of blank petitions for various purposes to religious and other organizations for signature. Upon being filled out, these forms are returned to the sender who dumps them in on the senators and representatives from the districts in which the signers reside. Just at present Senators McMillan and Burrows are suffering from an inundation of petitions ostensibly from Michigan religious organizations urging reforms in the morals of the people of the District of Columbia, including the abo-lition of the sale of intoxicating liquors in public build-ings, the raising of the age of consent, and the observance of a puritanical Sabbath. Al large number of these pe-titions are regularly put in circulation, collected and de-livered to the senators by Wilbur F. Crafts, a gentleman who seems to find the employment most congenial. As neither branch of Congress regards the question covered as pertinent, and citizens of the District of Columbia regard them as exceedingly impertinent, the senators hope the flow of petitions can be diminished somewhat by an exposition of the methods employed in obtaining them." Our correspondent who sends us the above adds the the following by way of illustration:Š "I was present at a Sunday evening service in a town in Michigan several months since, when one of these peti-tions referred to was presented. The minister read it. The motion was made and seconded. The house was full. About six, or such a matter, voted in favor, none against. Result, as declared by the pastor in charge, 'Carried by the unanimous vote of the members of the First M. E. Church. at Memphis, Mich."' Mn. GEO. F. B. UNGER says concerning the SENTINEL, "To part with it seems like burying an intimate friend." 