786 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "ALL the reforms we seek are in the political sphere, and require the action of the state."ŠRev. R. C. Wylie. But religious reforms do not require the action of the state; and when the state does undertake a religious reform there is of necessity a union of church and state; which is what the National Reform movement will cer-tainly bring. ANOTHER strange thing the Rev. Mr. Wylie said was that a constitutional recognition of God and of Christianity "would guard against a union of church and state." The National Reformers, he said, had been charged with seeking a union of church and state; but they had never wanted any such thing. So he proceeded to show how, as he had stated, the National Reform movement really sought to guard against a union of church and state, and provided the only effective way of preventing it. If the state remained secular, he said, as the church and religion grew more prominent, the time would come when a bargain would be made between the church and the secular state, and that would be a union of church and state, and very harmful. (They were all agreed that a union of church and state is a bad thing.) But if the state would acknowledge God and make his law the basis of civil legislation, and set up a standard of morality and have national and state legislation, and court decisions, conform to it,Šif in short the nation should enforce by its laws the moral standard which is maintained by the church and enforced by church discipline,Šthat would not be a union of church and state. Do you see the point? We don't. "IT is a scientific fact that the physical system re-quires one seventh of the time for rest."ŠRev. D. J. Burrell. Advocates of Sunday laws are very fond of making this assertion, but they never spend any time in demon-strating that it is a scientific fact, or quote scientific authority in its support. If it is a scientific fact, it ought to be susceptible of conclusive proof. But they claim still more than this; for not only does the physical system demand rest one day in seven, but that particular day must be Sunday! They have no use for this "scientific fact" only so far as it will sup-port a Sunday law. "THE nation is a moral being, responsible to God for its character and conduct."ŠRev. J. M. Foster. This idea is fundamental in the National Reform conception of government. And it is altogether false and misleading. "But," some one may ask, "does not the Bible say, 'The nation and kingdom that will not serve Thee [God] shall perish'? And how can the na-tion be responsible for serving the Lord, if it is not a moral being ?" We answer, The nation is accountable to God, only in the sense that all the people composing the nations are individually, and each for himself, accountable to God. As a political personality, exercising authority over all individuals within it and having relations with other political powers, the nation is not a moral being,. for the simple plain reason that, as such, it must act through representatives of the people, and one person cannot represent others in religion. Moral responsibil-ity cannot be delegated. The official of the civil gov-ernment, so far as accountability to God is concerned, represents only himself. To their representatives the people delegate their power to enforce respect for their rights. They cannot delegate their accountability to the moral law. In religion, we have one Representa-tive; we can have only one and we need but one; and that one is the "one Mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus." "THE first Colonial Charter, issued by James I., expressed the Christian character and purpose of the colony; it declared the relation of the civil government to God."ŠRev. R. C. Wylie. And that is precisely the reason why Baptists were whipped and Quakers hung, under those Colonial Char-ters, by law. We want no charters or constitutions now under which it will be legal to follow the example set by the early Puritans. "I wise God's name was in the Constitution. That is what we all wish. But the next best thing is to see that his name and his love and his law are in the hearts of the people." (Italics ours).ŠRev. D. J. Burrell. This hardly needs any comment. The idea that to have God's name in the Constitution would be better than to have his name, his law, and his love in the hearts of the people, is one that speaks volumes against the movement for which Mr. Burrell was speaking. "IN one New England colony there' was a law fining all people one shilling for absence from the second,,Sun-day service, and if they were absent from both services on Sunday, they were fined one pound; and for being absent a whole month the fine was twenty pounds. If we had a similar law in force to-day we would soon have the coffers of the churches filled."ŠRev. J. M. Foster. Ł No doubt; but we say the churches must fill their coffers some other way. "THE Sunday paper is strongly influential in de-creasing attendance from Sunday worship."ŠRev. H. H. George. This may be true; but if so, is it the fault of the Sunday paper, or of the Sunday sermonŠwhich is deliv- 