342 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and shall say, surely this great nation is a wise and understand-ing people,' but .by departing from God's law the He-brews had failed to become the people that God de-sired to make them, and then all the evils which were the result of their own sin and folly they charged upon the government of God. So completely had they be-come blinded by sin. "The Lord had, through his prophets, foretold that Israel would be governed by a king ; but it does not follow that this forth of government was best for them or according to His will. He permitted the people to follow their own choice because they refused to be guided by His counsel. Hosea declares that 'God gave them a king in His anger' (Hosea 13 :II)." A MIRACLE OF UNSELFISHNESS. Israel had petitioned for a king. God knew that a monarchy would not be the best form of government for them; nevertheless, He said unto Samuel, "Heark-en unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee." In these words the Lord admonished the prophet to do for the people a thing which He knew would not be best. Was divine wisdom blinded? Had the power of omniscience deserted the Omniscient One ? Nay, verily. But the God of Heavens was simply standing by the principles which are the basis of eternal government now and forevermore. The people wanted a king. They wanted to set aside that simple form of government by the consent of the governed with which God had provided them, and in its place they wanted a hereditary monarchy. To this new form of government their minds consented, and God was willing that the principle of government by the consent of the governed should work, even if it expelled Him from being king over His own people. 0, miracle of unselfishness ! Wonder of the ingen-uousness of the soul of the Most High ! God is love. In love volition is everything and arbitrary force is nothing. And God would not o'erstep the bounds which He set, even to keep Himself enthroned in the hearts of His people. He would not force Himself upon a nation which preferred another kingŠanother kind of government. Samuel faithfully set before the people the burdens that would be laid upon them under the new regime. He contrasted this with their present perfectly free and prosperous condition, "their king would imitate the pomp and luxury of other nations, to support which grievous exactions upon their persons and property would be necessary." "Ye shall be his servants," were the closing words of the prophet, "and ye shall cry out in that day be- cause of your king which ye shall have chosen you, and the Lord will not hear you in that day." However burdensome its exactions should be found when once the monarchy was established, they could not set it aside at pleasure. "WE SHALL HAVE A KING." But to all the pleading of the prophet, only one answer rolled back from the people, "Nay, but we will have a king over us that we also may be like all the nations, and that our king may judge us, and go out before us and fight our battles." "Like all the nations." Could Israel only have heard the sobs and seen the tears and known the an-guish wrung from the breasts of many a thousand subject among "the nations !" Could Israel only have heard the piteous wail of the little children lacking breadŠcould they have seen the look of pinching want of mothers among "the nations" whose husbands had been taken for the service of the kingŠin a word, could they only have realized the differences between the sweets of liberty and of the many bitter things of mon-archy, their petition would never have been heard. Their voices would have been hushed in solemn silence, as inwatdly they blessed God for their happy lot. Jehovah Himself had ordained that they should not be like the nations. This they should have considered a privilege and sacred holy distinction ; but they de-serted the cold snow waters of Lebanon for the murky streams of the valley. They left that which was high and holy for that which was earthly, sensual, devilish. Long years afterwards in the straitness and the siege, when the Roman armies surrounded Zion, the beauty of the whole earth, the harvest of this sad day was reaped to the full. The dregs of the cup which they now, for the first time, put to their lips, they drank to the double. But on this memorable morning their eyes were blinded ; they could see only the glitter and tinsel of royalty, the splendor of monarchical regalia. A mist obscured their vision. Their brains were swimming in the intoxication of pride. They knew not the hour of their visitation. God let them have their way that that sacred principle of government by the consent of the governed might not be marred even by its own Maker. And from this unfortunate hour began the Empire of Israel. P. T. MAGAN. Liberty Not License. Liberty is not license. The idea is frequently ex-pressed that people must be deprived of a certain amount of their liberty, as a safeguard against the evils of license and anarchy. The expression is an unfor-tunate one, because while it is meant to state what is true, it tends to obscure the distinction between lib-erty and lawlessness, and to accustom people to the idea that real liberty can rightfully be taken away from individuals for the public good,Šan idea which di-vests liberty of its essential sacredness and breaks down every safeguard about it. 