110 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. their religious beliefs and forms of worship. Em-inent divines were prosecuted, persecuted, and ban-ished for preaching the gospel contrary to the laws of the colony. During this period one had better be a thief in some of the colonies than a Quaker. Protestant persecuted Protestant, and all joined in the persecution of the Catholics. The laws were based upon the theory of the right of the State to control views, conduct, and beliefs in matters of religion as well as their conduct in'civil affairs. And such laws became and long continued oppressive in the extreme, and grievously burden-some in their exactions for the support of the church and their assumed control over the con-science. The blue laws of New Haven Colony, com-monly called the blue laws of Connecticut, fur-nish an illustration of the ideas and practices in civil government as held and practiced in that time. I believe the historical account of these laws, as now commonly accepted, is, that the New Haven Colony had no code of laws at all; but upon the formation of the colony the founders agreed that the Bible should be their law and guide in all their affairs. -Under this system of government the magistrate became the expounder of the law, as well as the administrator of it. For any act the citizen might do he was liable to ar-rest, and if the magistrate determined that the act was not in harmony with the teachings of the Bible, as he  interpreted it, the offender was punished. These blue laws, so called, were not therefore laws in a proper sense at all, but were simply the records of trials, determinations, and convictions by the civil magistrates. Roger 'Will-iams, one of the most devout and eminent men of his time, and who became the founder of the State of Rhode Island, was cast upon that shore in a storm while he was in banishment from Connecti-cut for the offense of preaching the gospel as he understood the truth of the gospel to be, and he became one of the foremost and ablest champions and advocates of religious liberty. The continued agitation by the advocates of full and complete liberty of conscience, who were among the ablest men of that age, the continued persecution, and oppressive character of the laws, had the effect in time to change the oppressive character of the laws and to secure in the char-ters of new colonies provisions guaranteeing full liberty of conscience. In 1779, when the convention completed the work of forming our National Constitution, the people were profoundly impressed with the im-portance of a strong National Government. This necessity was more plainly manifest because of the serious delays which had been encountered in carrying on a government by the consent and in-dependent action of the States during the period of the revolution, and because of the dangers which had appeared in their present imperfect forms of government. There was a manifest de-termination among the wise and great men who were privileged to give to their posterity our great National Constitution, to meet upon a plane above selfish or local consideration, and, by mutual con-cession, in whatever of local or sectional prejudice might be involved, to form a stable and perma-nent Government, sufficient for the present and the great future they foresaw, and especially to avoid the dangers and evils which their experi-ence in colonial government and confederation of States had given them to see. It would be strange indeed if this body of remarkable men, actuated by such purposes, remembering vividly the strug- gles of the people for civil liberty, remembering as well and as vividly the persecutions among Christians under the earlier Governments, and the struggle for liberty of conscience, should not have given the most careful thought and consideration as to the proper relation of the Church and State, and as to the proper functions of government as related to matters of religion and as affecting the conscience. I think it cannot be doubted that the founders of our Constitution, because of these conditions which had existed among the people of the Col-onies and the States resulting from the union of the Church and State, the oppression the system brought upon the people, the persecution that it fostered, and because of the spirit of religious lib-erty which then not only strongly prevailed, but was suspicious, watchful, and active, deemed it wise to omit everything from the instrument which could by any possibility give color to any claim of right or power in civil Government to control the conscience, and to plainly mark the lines of power in the Government formed upon the broad theory that in all matters of religion men are accountable only to God, and that it is the prov-ince of civil Government to deal only with men's civil and national affairs. I am strongly im-pressed with the belief that there is no higher evidence of the superior wisdom and statesman-ship of the founders of the American Constitution, than appears in their manifest recognition of this broad and comprehensive theory of civil govern-ment. It may be further said that the wisd .m of this theory is strongly attested by the fact that since the adoption of our Constitution, which has now covered a century of time, all religious sects ex-isting among our people, and the people repre-senting all shades of opinion concerning religion, have dwelt together in harmony and peace under the Government; and the church, having thrown off all civil interference by the State, and declined all civil aids, has gone steadily forward in its great work, and occupies to-day a position of greater strength and power, nearer to the hearts and affections of the people,Ł and nearer a state of Christian unity, than ever before.ŠHon. John L. Rupe, in Richmond (Ind.) Telegram. Religion and the Constitution. IN 1874 a petition was presented to Congress, asking for an acknowledgment of God in the Constitution. The petition was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, which made the fol-lowing report, February 18:Š " The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of E. G. Goulet and oth-ers, asking Congress for an acknowledgment of Almighty God and the Christian religion' in the Constitution of the United States, having con-sidered the matter referred to them, respectfully pray leave to report: "That, upon examination even of the meager de-bates by the fathers of the Republic in the conven-tion which framed the Constitution, they find that the subject of this memorial was most fully and carefully considered, and then, in that convention, decided, after grave deliberation, to which the sub-ject was entitled, that, as this country, the founda-tion of whose government they were then laying, was to be the home of the oppressed of all nations of the earth, whether Christian or pagan, and in full realization of the dangers which the union be-tween Church and State had imposed upon so many nations of the Old World, with great unanim-ity, that it was inexpedient to put anything into the Constitution or frame of government which  might be construed to be a reference to any relig-ious creed or doctrine. "And they further find that this decision was accepted by our Christian fathers with such great unanimity that in the amendments which were afterward proposed in order to make the Constitu-tion more acceptable to the Nation, none has ever been proposed to the States by which this wise de-termination of the fathers has been attempted to be changed. Wherefore, your committee report that it is inexpedient to legislate upon the subject of the above memorial, and ask that they be dis-charged from the further consideration thereof, and that this report, together with the petition, be laid upon the table." In this report the exact truth is told, namely, that the fathers of the republic carefully consid-ered the matter of religion and the Constitution, and kept them separate for good reason. That religion was not left out of the Constitution by accident, is evident from the fact that the first amendment was added almost immediately after the adoption of the Constitution. 4.- Ł .- What Is the Politics of the Sunday Movement? I HAVE presented the petitions in opposition to religious legislation in Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee, and I cannot see that there is any particular difference upon this subject between Democrats and Republicans. Prohibitionists have almost to a man refused to sign our petitions. A very large majority of both Democrats and Re-publicans sign them when the subject is plainly set before them. Where they refuse it is gener-ally because of religious prejudice. The youth often want to sign, but our workers of course re-fuse to let them. In the South we often find married ladies and mothers who are not 21 years old. These cannot sign the petitions because they are not old enough. The House of Representatives in Indiana took a test vote to see how they stood on the subject of the Sunday-Rest bill. Most of the Republi-cans voted in favor of it; molt of' the Democrats against. The Lieutenant-Governor is a preacher and a Republican, and I think he led the Re-publicans to vote as they did. Yet the vote was not a strictly party vote. Some Democrats were in favor, and I understand some Republicans op-posed. It was next tested in the Senate. Both Houses are strongly Democratic. The decision was against the Sunday bill. The ministers of the Christian Alliance learned that the Legislature had decided against the bill, and they determined to work the members over and get them to vote in favor of it. We de-cided to head off the Affiance, and therefore tele-graphed immediately for AMERICAN SENTINELS to give to every member of both Houses until they should be informed upon the subject. The matter did not come up the second time. I suppose the Alliance thought it would not be best to try it over after the SENTINELS were in the hands of the voters. WILLIAM COVERT. . Ł 0 America well says that the new Roman Catholic University in Washington, which is soon to begin educating American young men, will probably prove itself as un-American in all the ideas and methods found within its walls, as anything could well be. Bishop Kane is picking up Italian pro-fessors to man the new university, and it will be, to all intents and purposes, a foreign institution of learning planted on American soils  and reeking with the dogmas of Rome. 