APRIL 30, 1896. SE.,-NuraN- 139 A VERY REMARKABLE ACTION. WE take the following from the Denver American, of the 18th inst., which is cred-ited by our contemporary to the Catholic Citizen:Š A question of great importance in church circles has come up in Illinois. The issue is, whether a priest of the church should be held amenable to the laws of the United States for writing and sending through the mails a letter to one of his parishioners uttering a warning against a contemplated act that would be a violation of the laws and canons of the Catholic Church. The issue is raised by the fact that Father Lawrence Erhardt, of the parish of Somonauk, in Illinois, has been held by the United States Commissioner in $5,000 bail to the grand jury, for sending to a woman communicant of his parish a letter based on the announced fact of her engagement to a divorced man, and in which he pointed out that the church could not recognize a marriage with a divorced person. Action was taken against Father Erhardt, on the dictum of a post-office inspector, on the ground that the letter in question was an unmailable one within the meaning of the statute relating to such offenses. The case is the first of its kind that has arisen in the country, and the extraordinary nature of the proceed-ing has evoked some comment from leading clergy-men. As the legal proceedings are in a Federal court, the outcome will establish a precedent applying to every part of the country. We know nothing about the facts in this case further than what is here stated, but it seems incredible to us that anybody would hold that a priest, or anybody else, for that matter, was guilty of a crime for writing a letter of the character indicated, to one of his parishioners. POPULAR SOVEREIGNTY AND DIVINE SOV-EREIGNTY. AT a recent "National Reform" convention held at Coulterville, Ill., the following resolu-tion (among others) was passed :Š Resolved, That we condemn the assumption of ab-solute and popular sovereignty, and declare that the power of the people is limited by the law of God, and that the people are bound to set over them only such rulers as are willing to qualify by professed subjec-tion to the law of Christ. It is almost incredible that an assembly of intelligent people should declare itself in words so puerile and short-sighted. In pursuance of this thought let us notice a few facts. 1. The theory of popular government upon which our nation is established, makes no claim of sovereignty for the people in that sphere which is covered by the law of God. It claims no sovereignty for the people in the sphere of man's relation to his Maker. Hence that popular sovereignty which pertains to republican government is not touched by the law of God at all. The statement that the power of the people is limited by the law of God in the sphere covered by that law, would be equally beside the truth; for the people have no power at all in the direction of that which the law of God commands. This is a fundamental gospel truth. The power of God, and that alone, can perform that which the law commands. 2. " Professed subjection to the law of Christ" does not in itself amount to any- thing. Profession is not possession; and the former without the latter only makes an in-dividual worse in the sight both of God and man. And it is as clear as noonday that if the people should undertake to put in politi-cal office only such persons as are willing to qualify in the manner described, the first an-nouncement of such an intention would be  the signal for unscrupulous self-seekers of every class to rush into the church. Then indeed would the prophetic utterance be ful-filled, " Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." Rev. 18 : 2. Any moral ruler over the individual other than God, is popery. God has no vicars or lieutenants on this earth ; he has only ambas-sadors. And the adult individual who cannot rule himself, conformably to the principles of popular sovereignty, in that which pertains simply to his secular affairs, is fit only to be an inmate of some institution of charity. GOVERNMENT DUTY ON " HOLY WATER." THE collector of customs at Hartford, Conn., was recently, says the New York World, of April 15, called upon to decide a perplexing question, which was that of whether " holy water " imported from abroad was chargeable with government " duty." " Sev- eral months ago," says the World, "His Ho-liness Pope Leo XIII. blessed a quantity of water at the petition of a pious congregation in Hartford, Conn. One week ago a keg la-beled Holy Water' arrived at the custom-house in this city and was sent to the collector of customs at Hartford, in bond. . . . "The keg arrived at Hartford. The official gauger of that port certified that it contained five gallons of a fluid that had the appearance and consistency of pure water. Then it fell upon the collector to determine whether the importation was or was not dutiable. The collector searched the records of the depart-ment in vain for a precedent. There was none. " He found a number of department deci-sions admitting free of duty Appolinaris, Vil-lacabras, and a dozen other waters for med-icinal uses, when accompanied by an affidavit to the effect that they corresponded to the re-quired medical formulm, and he found also that water from the Grotto at Lourdes had been admitted free because of the pious belief among Catholics that miracles had been per-formed by its use. Nowhere, however, could the collector at Hartford find anything bearing on holy water." Finally after long consultation with his as-sistant, the collector decided that " holy water" came under the head of " Unenumer-ated Articles " in the Wilson Bill, and as such was subject to a duty of 10 per cent. Special Deputy Naval Officer Gourley, an expert on customs enigmas, upon being visited by a World reporter, said that "holy water" should come under the same category as natural-spring water, which is considered a crude min-eral and free from duty. The situation might well have caused per-plexity. Was the representative of the United States Government to affix a value to the papal blessing and on that basis charge a cer-tain per cent. of duty? or was this "holy water" blessed by Leo himself to be regarded as " crude mineral" and admitted free? In either case there was a chance that the Roman pontiff might feel himself grievously insulted. The incident may well serve as an occasion for pointing out the absurdity of the idea that holiness can be made a mere abstract quality of matter. Holiness cannot be separated from God. And therefore no man can impart ho-liness to anything, any more than he can im-part God himself. It is the presence of God that makes holy; for God, and he alone, is  holy in and of himself. And his holiness is imparted not at the volition of man, but only according to the divine will. The papal blessing affected the water neither for better nor worse; and as ordinary water, it was of course not subject to duty upon entry into this country. There is no danger that real holiness will ever have to be considered by the United States Government as a quality affecting the nature and value of any of its articles of import. OUR COUNTRY ON THE DOWN GRADE. " A SCORE of years ago," says the Catholic Universe, of Feb. 28, 1896, "the sight of a Catholic priest sitting on a platform with the ministers of other denominations to discuss measures for civic, State, or national improve-ments, would have caused a wild frothing at the mouth. Now it is too common and too welcome to excite comment." The statement points out the rapidity with which even the greatest changes in popular sentiment are taking place at the present time. We live in a fast age, fast especially in the downward rush of the tide of affairs in social and na-tional life. A gathering of preachers " to discuss measures for civic, State, or national improvements," can have no other meaning but that the churches represented by them will use their united power to shape and control affairs in city, State and national government. And that means a union of Church and State. PERVADING LAWLESSNESS. THE Christian Leader (Cincinnati) of March 10, makes this comment and query:Š The spirit of lawlessness and insubordination per-vades the entire country. Who can give the causes, proximate and remote, of these terrible crimes? In general terms it is called " the spirit of the age." But what produced this spirit? In general terms we might exclaim that there is no fear of God before the eyes of the people. Atheism and agnosticism are rampant. What forces have produced this condition of things? The mystery of the situation may be solved by discovering the cause which has removed from the people's eyes the fear of God. Whatever has done this, has also removed from the minds of men the restraints of whole- some law, and clear conceptions of right and wrong. Without discussing the question at length, we will state three facts which have a fundamental bearing upon it. 1. It has long been taught by men, recog-ognized as ministers of the gospel, that the law of GodŠthe DecalogueŠis abolished. 2. What amounts essentially to the same thing, the great majority of professed Chris-tians have for centuries disregarded the fourth precept of the DecalogueŠthe very one which points out the true GodŠby observing another day than the one which it commands to be observed. And as the attention of the Chris-tian world has within a few decades been called to this fact, those who still persist in their adherence to the false sabbath do so for the most part at the expense of their own con-victions of duty as enjoined by God's word. And the unconverted world at large have learned that professed Christians themselves place their own custom and tradition above the commandment of Jehovah. 3. These same " Christians " have for sev-eral years been clamoring and lobbying for legislation to exalt Sunday, and make crim- 