188 A.MIIMELICA.INT VOL. 10, No. 24. METHODISTS AND POPE LEO XIII, THE Methodist ministers of Chicago are making the papal prelates of this country no little trouble. They are demanding that the papal church practice what it preaches; that Methodists in Roman Catholic South America be permitted to enjoy that religious liberty which Roman Catholics enjoy in the United States and which American Catholics profess to indorse so warmly, and which they claim is the religious liberty they would ensure to Protestants in America were they to become the controlling majority. However, the Meth-odist ministers of Chicago are so unreasonable as to ask that the Roman Catholic Church show her faith by her works, or in other words, secure to Protestants in the Roman Catholic countries of South America the same liberty enjoyed by Roman Catholics in the United States and thereby give the world a practical object lesson of the principles so enthusiasti-cally professed in theory. Of course, this is a perplexing problem, since the religious-lib-erty principles advocated by Roman Catholics in the United States are intended only for home consumption and not for export to Spain or South America. Since the Methodist ministers are persistent in their demand for religious liberty in South America, and are liable to create quite a stir by their repeated prodding of pope and prel-ates, it may be profitable to give a history of the case up to date. On April 2, 1894, the Methodist ministers' meeting of Chicago, a body which includes the Methodist ministers of Chicago and adja-cent cities, and which holds a regular weekly session, sent the following preamble and reso-lution to Archbishop Ireland with a request that they be by him forwarded to Monsignor Satolli WHEREAS, It has been made evident"to us that our Protestant brethren in the republics of Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia labor under oppressive disabilities that effect not only their faith and the public worship of God according to the dictates of their conscience, but also their civil and inalienable right to be married without being compelled to forswear their religious convictions, Resolved, That as representatives of the Methodist Episcopal Church in Chicago, we forward the follow-ing request to Archbishop Ireland, asking him to pass it on to Monsignor Satolli, in order that he may, in the most effective manner, bring it to the notice of the head of the Roman Catholic Church. In view of the repeated and warm approval by the clergy and laymen of the Roman Catholic Church in this country of religious freedom as existing by law in these United States, we respectfully and earnestly re-quest that the proper authorities of that church use their good offices, under the direction of Pope Leo XIII., to secure for the Protestants of Ecuador, Peru-  and Bolivia-  the same liberty of conscience that is enjoyed by Roman Catholic citizens of this coun-try. N. H. AXTELL, President, J. T. LADD, Secretary, Chicago Methodist Preachers' Meeting. JOHN G. FOSTER, JOHN LEE, M. M. PARKHURST, Committee. After waiting some time, two members of the committee wrote Archbishop Ireland, in-closing stamped envelope for reply, asking after the fate of the first communication; but again no answer was received. On June 22, a member of the committee wrote direct to -Monsignor Satolli, asking him the following questions 1. Has Archbishop Ireland invited your attention to the action of the Chicago Methodist Ministers' meet-inwof April 2, 1894 ? 2. Will you, in the most effective manner, bring this request, a copy of which I inclose, to the notice of Pope Leo XIII.? 3. If so, when ? Receiving no reply to this, a registered let-ter, dated July 15, and signed by all members of the committee, was sent to Monsignor Sa- tolli, asking the apostolic delegate if he would " have the goodness to give a direct answer to the questions found in his first letter." The following is. Monsignor Satolli's reply :Š Washington, July 31, 1894. Mn. jam Lee, M. A., B. D., Dear Sir:ŠYour letter of June 22 and document dated July 12 came duly to hand. The inclosed copy of encyclical letter from our holy father is, I think, the !most fitting reply I can make. Yours very sincerely in Christ, FRANCIS ARMS. SATOLLI, Deleg. Apostol. As we have before stated in commenting on this reply, it said in substance, " If your brethren in South America want to enjoy religious liberty, let them become Roman Catholics." Not satisfied with this reply, the matter was again brought before the ministers' meeting on September 3, and it was decided to send the documents and correspondence in the case to the various Protestant bodies of the country for action. Failing to reach Rome through Ireland and Satolli, the committee next sent a registered communication direct to the pope. Not hear-ing from him in due time, another registered communication was sent, and not hearing from him this time and learning that Cardinal Gib-bons was going to Rome, the persistent Meth-odist ministers forwarded to him a communi-cation to be carried to Leo XIII., and thus matters stand at this writing. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is not in favor of Protestants' petitioning the pope or any of his prelates for anything, not even religious liberty in South America. However, we pre-sume that our Methodist friends would insist that it was a shrewd diplomatic protest rather than a petition, for the purpose of compelling the Roman Catholic Church to permit religious liberty in Catholic South America, or stand before the world as the advocates of religious freedom when in the minority and as persecu-tors when in the majority. Methodists in general look upon this move to make the pope show his hand as not only just and reasonable, but quite diplomatic. If this is true what would Methodists think and say if Seventh-day Adventists in Maryland, Tennessee and other States should write a similar letter to the heads of the Methodist Church in America protesting against being fined and imprisoned at the hands of Method-ists who attempt to compel them to recognize their State-enforced Sunday dogma? The facts in the case are that the first Seventh-day Adventist who was imprisoned in Maryland for laboring on Sunday (husking corn) was imprisoned on complaint of a Methodist min-ister; and the Seventh-day Adventist now in -jail at Centerville, Md., for hoeing in his gar-den on Sunday, was placed there on complaint of his Methodist neighbors: while the Catholic Mirror, of Baltimore, about two years since, published a strong denunciation of these Maryland persecutions and demanded the repeal of the law under which they are car-ried on. One of the complaints which Protestants sometimes make against Roman Catholics is, that the latter attempt to compel them to re-move their hats or in some other way recog-nize a procession bearing the consecrated bread. This our Methodist friends condemn as a vio-lation of religious liberty; but it is -no more a violation of religious liberty than is the at-tempt to compel the Seventh-day Adventist to bow to the Methodist idea of Sunday sacred-ness. There is absolutely no difference be-tween an attempt on the part of Roman Cath-olics to compel a recognition of a portion of bread which they consider holy, and an attempt on the part of Methodists to compel seventh- day observers to recognize a portion of time which Methodists consider holy. And now, we ask in all sincerity, would not an Advent-ist letter addressed to the Methodist Church in America, demanding religious freedom from Methodists in Maryland and elsewhere in the United States, on the ground that Methodists claim to be in favor of religious liberty, be just as pertinent as a Methodist letter ad-dressed to the pope demanding religious lib-erty in South America, on the ground that Roman Catholics in the United States claim to be in 'favor of religions freedom ? If not, why not ? MORE RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. [From the Times-Democrat, New Orleans, May 81.] RECENTLY the Times-Democrat commented on exhibitions of grievous religious intolerance that had taken place in the two southern States of Tennessee and Georgia. In both of the instances in question, honest and industri-ous citizens who rested from their work on the seventh day, according to the command of the Decalogue and kept that day holy to the Lord, were fined and thrown into jail because they did not also rest from labor on the first day of the week. It is a mere question of -religious belief and practice which day of the week, the first or the seventh, is kept as the day of rest or the Lord's day; and that the majority of the people of a State or nation should fine and imprison a minority who do not agree with them on the point, is neither more nor less than persecution for the sake of religious beliefŠa style of persecution which was in vogue three, four and five centuries ago, but has long gone out of date among all na-tions pretending to civilization and enlighten-ment. We are astonished to see that this same religions intolerance is finding place in Mis-sissippi. Here is a special dispatch which was published in our telegraph columns yes-terday, and which explains itself:Š ABERDEEN, Miss., May 29.ŠMr. Robert Nash, a Seventh-day Adventist, was yesterday arraigned in Justice Rye's court, at Amory, in this (Monroe) county, on the charge of working in his field on Sunday. Nash pleaded guilty and undertook the management of his own case, using the Bible for his law book. He keeps Saturday as religiously as a priest keeps Sunday. The case was continued until June 1. The Mississippi statute bearing upon the subject, in Section 1291, provides that any one who shall labor or employ any one else to labor on the Sabbath day at any other than household duties, works of necessity or charity, or on railroads or steamboats, shall, on conviction, be fined not more than po for every such offense. We do not profess, of course, to anticipate what the result of the trial of Robert Nash, Seventh-day Adventist, will be when it is held by the Monroe County Court on to-morrow, but as the majority of the people of Missis-sippi have passed a law prohibiting the minor-ity of their number from working on the first day of the week, on which day the majority perform their religious celebrations, the chances are that Mr. Nash will either hand over $20 of his wealth (with costs, of course) to the State, or that he will be sold out by the sheriff, or go to prison until the fine is paid. Any one of these results of the coming trial would be a disgrace to the State of Mississippi. The religious belief and practice of a citizen, especially when he is a good and honest citi-zen, ought on no account ever to be interfered with. The chances are that such a citizen has more religion in his little finger than the average legislator who made the Blue Law to punish him has in his entire composition; and that a Seventh-day Adventist by conviction should be maltreated by the State on the 