342 Majority Rule. THE following upon majority rule is from a speech by Hon. Joseph Wheeler, of Alabama, in Congress, February 13, the House having under consideration the report of the Committee on Rules. While all will not concede the honorable gentleman's implied claim that the Demo-crats have greater regard for the Consti-tution than the Republicans have, all must, laying aside political prejudices, acknowledge the truth of the principle laid down. Commenting upon the state-ment that "the rule of the majority is at the very basis of our Government," Mr. Wheeler spoke as follows:Š While it is true that the majority should rule, all that the Democrats desire is that they shall rule under the Constitution. Judge Cooley in his Principles of Consti- tutional Law says :Š So far, then, from the Government being based on unlimited confidence in majorities, a profound distrust of the discretion, equity, and justice of their rule is made evident in many precautions and checks; and the majority is, in fact, trusted with power only so far as it is absolutely essential to the working of republican institutions. Since the first dawn of civil liberty the wisest statesmen of all nations have agreed that an unbridled and unrestrained ma-jority is the most dangerous foe of liberty, and therefore, in perfecting systems of government, the greatest care was taken to devise means by which a majority could be checked by certain powers given to the minority, and the history of civili-zation has proven the wisdom of main-taining such check4s and balance. If a man perfect in all respects and of unquestionable and infallible wisdom could be found, a people would be fortu-nate in giving such a person absolute power, because undoubtedly his rule would be wise and perfect in all respects, and that is all that was ever asked for or is desired by any people, but the history of the last eighteen hundred years shows that during that period no such man has existed, and therefore it has been demon-strated that the only way to preserve lib-erty is for the people to govern them-selves. If ages of experience demonstrate that one-man power is destructive to liberty, how much- more dangerous is an unrestrained rule of a majority. It contains all the evils which follow from the concentration of all power in one man, without a single element of the advantages of such a sys-tem of government. It is the existence and presence of absolute power and the absolute absence of any tangible responsi-bility. It is possible for such a govern-ment to exist for some time without be-coming tyrannical and despotic, but it is impossible for such a government to exist without finally overthrowing all the safe-guards of liberty. America vs. Europe. [THE following linesŠwritten some thirty years agoŠdepict from the standpoint of liberty the principles on which the United States Government was founded as compared with the principles of the European governments. The author is Count A. de Gasparin, a fearless advocate of liberty, and a warm admirer of the American institutions This extract is translated from the author's French work ; " Un grand Peuple que se Releve," and may serve to awaken new love and vigilance for the im-mortal boon of religious and civil liberty, JOHN VIIILLEIINEEIR.] THE United States is not a Latin nation; a nation clad in the robes of a Roman or Greek civilization; a nation having accord-ing to the ancient fashion, a religion and a set of customs blindly admitted by all. This Republic of the New World is not at all one of the republics of the ancient continent, where the citizens loved to talk about public affairs, but where nobody was foolish enough to raise questions of con-science respecting the public belief, pagan life,Šwith its compulsory worship, its uniform education, its suppression of the family and the individual for the benefit of the State; pagan life,Šwhere the citizen supersedes the individual, and where the calm uniformity of the ages gives every one a national mold,Šhas no likeness to moral and social life in the United States. Here you will not find the least vestige of that system which tries to make nations, and forgets to make men. These States can truly be said to have originated out of a protest of the human conscience. How many things are explained by this noble origin ! Yes, it was the reaction of relig-ous independence against compulsory uni-formity and against the State church, that created this country, two hundred years ago. I do not need, here, to examine the intrinsic truth of the Puritan belief; I simply affirm that it landed in America in the name of liberty, and that its mission here was to establish liberty, and to build the true wall against democratic tyrannies. At the very outset, the State was denied the direction of the intellectual and moral man. Notwithstanding the unavoidable inconsistencies and hesitancies which at-tend all our beginnings, the Colonies, which were to become the United States, were walking steadily on the road which leads to liberty of belief, of thought, of speech, of press, of association, of teach-ing. The highest, the most important rights, were stripped, at the very start, from the province of democratic deliber-ations; insuperable limits were laid to the sovereignty of majorities; the rights of minorities, of the individual, the right of standing alone against all, the right of being of one's own opinion, was dis-tinctly affirmed. More than that, it was not very long before the bands between Church and State were completely severed, thus de-stroying the last pretext for the official administration of belief ; self-government was founded, that is to say, the most  explicit denial of democratic bondage. While democracy pleads for a maximum of government, American individualism pleads for a minimum of government, the par excellence definition of liberalism. And it did not contemplate bringing this about, as in the Middle Ages, through anarchy, absence of national ties, and by depriving the individual of his rights of conscience and thought; no, American individualism has other means of action; while restraining with a wise energy the province of government to its true limits, it was enlarging all the more the purview of the human soul. Grand conquest that was ! The whole future of our modern world is there con-tained. SOME weeks ago, we printed the follow-ing item from one of our Western ex-changes, together with the subjoined com- ment :Š " The voice of the people is the voice of God," is as true to day, as when spoken in a city of Greece two thousand years ago. " Just about as true ! For instance, when, a century later, the people crowded around the Son of. God, shouting, 'Crucify him ! Crucify him ! ' " The item has come back to us with this question from the Orleans Herald :Š Then will you please tell us what is the voice of God ? Was not the crucifixion a fulfillment of the prophecies ? The word of God as contained in the Scriptures is, properly speaking, the voice of God, because it expresses the will of God ; but can we believe that the un-changeable One who said, " This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased," could also have said, " Crucify him, cru-cify him " ? True, the crucifixion was in fulfillment of prophecy, but prophecy is simply an announcement of future events, which may or may not be according to the will of God. It is the will of God that " all men should come to repentance, " (2 Peter, 3: 9) ; but prophecy tells us that all will not repent, that on the contrary, " evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived." 2 Tim. 3 : 13. POSTMASTER VAN COTT has resolved to carry out the purposes of the special de-livery system on Sundays as well as on other days. He considers that the public, which pays for special delivery, is entitled to it at all proper times. Hitherto it has been the custom to send out special deliv-ery letters on Sunday morning only, by the first carriers leaving the General Post Office at 7 o'clock. In future all special delivery letters will be sent to the persons addressed in this city on Sunday up to the evening hour. This will enable those who desire to communicate with friends on important business on Sunday afternoon, and feel willing to pay the extra fee, to have their letters delivered as they desire. ŠMail and Express. 