742 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. WAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-offlee.) The government Supporting the Church in Cuba. IT is proposed by the United States GovernmentŠafter due consultation with several distinguished Catho-lic prelatesŠto make a "temporary loan" of the people's money for the maintenance of the Catholic Church in Cuba. It would be too bad for this church to be obliged to suspend operations in the island, or to be seriously crippled in her work, even temporarily, for lack of funds. So, as this Government has undertaken to supervise af-fairs in Cuba, and there is no appearance of funds forth-coming from any other source, they will be supplied from the United States treasury. Such is evidently the con-ception upon which this remarkable proposal rests. This proceeding is of course a gross violation of the trust reposed in the officials. responsible therefor, as the representatives and servants of the people, sworn to uphold the Constitution and the fundamental principles of republican government. But aside from this, the query naturally arises, What -is the Catholic Church in Cuba, that it should be essential to maintain her even at the sacrifice of American principles? What great benefits for the Cuban people depend upon the continuance of her rule? What dire calamities would follow from the les-sening, even temporarily, of her efficiency? Happily the moment is opportune for finding a satisfactory answer. The evidences in the case are plain to every Protestant mind, but we do not need to apply to any Protestant source of information. A notable and trustworthy Catholic authority has spoken on the point, Ševen no less a person than the Spanish general, Weyler. Elsewhere in this issue we print some references to a let-ter written by General Weyler to the Queen Regent of Spain on the subject of what the Catholic Church has done for Spain. In this letter he states that she has done nothing-at all, but on the contrary has stood in the way of all reform and progress, and has been the robber of both the government and the people. The let-ter is, in short, "the most frightful arraignment ever made of a religious denomination." And coming from General Weyler, it must be accepted as a reliable state- ment on the subject of which it speaks. That leading citizen of Spain has had abundant opportunity to know whereof he speaks, both with reference to the Spanish government and country, and the Roman Catholic Church. This is a statement of what,  the Catholic Church has done for Spain. And what is true of Spain in this re-spect, is true of Cuba to an equal and even greater de-gree. For in Cuba the Catholic Church has had full sway, without serious opposition from any source, for centu-ries. And now, when General Weyler, himself an eminent Spaniard and a Catholic, denounces the Catholic Church in almost unmeasured terms as the robber of the people and an incubus upon the country,Šbehold! professed Protestants who stand at the head of this American Government propose to give money from the public treasury to the Catholic Church in Cuba, in violation of fundamental :American law, because it is so essential that this church in Cuba shall continue on in her career undhecked! To a true Protestant, it should be evident that the very reason why Spanish dominion in the island has been broken, is that, the bars of intolerance being let down, the people, so long robbed in purse and bound in super-stition and ignorance, may have a favorable opportun-ity to free themselves from the yoke of a religious despotism. And what business has the Government to make a "temporary loan" of the people's money to any church, or for any purpose not authorized by the Constitution? That is setting a very bad example, to say the least. The principle of that proceeding has been sufficiently tested in numerous cases of "temporaiy loans" made to themselves by trusted employees of banks and other in-stitutions. It is a principle which the courts and all ex-perience have pronounced to be bad in the extreme. -4 What Will the People Say? THE remaining portion of that remarkable letter of the Washington correspondent, of the Baltimore Daily. AmericanŠOctober 15, 1898, is as follows:Š "The administration fully realizes the objections that will arise in this country, from certain sources, against even a temporary sustenance of the Catholic Church in Cuba. But it has been given ample assurance by the Catholic authorities that the church shall be placed on a self-supporting basis as soon as it is possible to establish the new order that has been brought about by the Span-ish evacuation. "Archbishop Cha,ppelle will be entrusted with liberal powers to institute such of the reforms as demand imme-diate introduction. It is likely that the responsibility of supporting the church in Cuba will eventually be assumed by the Catholics in this country. "In determining to support the Catholic priests in Cuba until their church can take care of them, President 