82 A.101121EUECA.NT SIENT9PIN1E1_, VOL. 11, No. 11. tongue has varied with varying circumstances. In early times the Bible was read freely by the lay people, and the fathers constantly en-couraged them to do so, although they also in-sist on the obscurity of the sacred text. . . . " New dangers came in during the Middle Ages. When the heresy of the Albigenses arose there was a danger from corrupt trans-lations, and also from the fact that the here-tics tried to make the faithful judge the church by their own interpretation of the Bible. To meet these evils, the Councils of Toulouse (1229) and Tarragona (1234) forbade the laity to read the vernacular translations of the Bible. " PiuS ITT. required the bishops to refuse lay persons leave to read even Catholic versions of Scripture unless their confessors or parish priests judged that such reading was likely to prove beneficial. During this century, Leo XII., Pius VIII., and Pius IX., have warned Catholics against the Protestant Bible societies." " The church," says Cardinal Gibbons, " is the only divinely-constituted teacher of revel-ation. " Now the Scripture is the great depository of the word of God. Therefore, the church is the divinely-appointed custodian and inter-preter of the Bible. For her office of infalli-ble guide were superfluous, if each individual could interpret the Bible for himself." It appears from this, as before remarked, Ł that the Roman Catholic Church opposes the reading of the Bible because it tends to de-velop independence of thought and action, and is in itself a negation of the claim that to "the church" is committed the faith and even the very consciences of all men. It is true that the Papacy says, "A man is al-ways bound to follow his conscience, even if false and erroneous. . . . Nor can any in-junction of any authority, ecclesiastical or civil, make it lawful for a man to do that which his conscience unhesitatingly condemns as cer- tainly wicked." But this does not mean that the Roman Catholic Church recognizes the supremacy of,the Scriptures or the right of private judgment. Says Cardinal Gibbons: "The church is indeed intolerant in this sense, that she can not confound truth with error; nor can she admit that any man is conscientiously free to reject truth when its claims are convincingly brought home to his mind." And again the cardinal says: " A man en-joys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right conscience, and of practicing a form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God."9  As already seen, Rome, through her popes and councils, forbids her children to read even her own version of the Scriptures, except under such restrictions as forbid the right of private judgment. Our illustration shows how Rome prevented the reading of the Bible in London in the era of the Reformation. Tyndale had given England the New Tes-tament in the language of the people, but Henry VIII., upon whom Leo X. had bestowed the title, "Defender of the Faith," was bit-terly opposed to the reading of the Scriptures. " The bishops" says D'Aubigne, "led the attack. We must clear the Lord's field of the thorns which choke it,' said the arch- 5  "A Catholic Dictionary," published by Benziger Bros., " Printers to the Holy Apostolic See," New-York, 1893. All italics ours.ŠEn. 6  " Faith of Our Fathers," p. 97, edition of 1893. " A Catholic Dictionary," Art. " Conscience." " Faith of Our Fathers," p. 268; edition of 1893. 9  Id., p. 264. bishop of Canterbury to Convocation on the 29th of November, 1529; immediately after which the bishop of Bath read to his col-leagues the list of books that he desired to have condemned. There were a number of works by Tyndale, Luther, Melancthon, Zwin-gle, (Ecolampadius, Pomeranous, Brentius, Bucer, Jonas, Francis, Lambert, Fryth and Fish. The Bible in particular was set down. It is impossible to translate the Scripture into English,' said one of the prelates.Š' It is not lawful for the laity to read it in their mother tongue,' said another.Š' If you tol-erate the Bible,' added a third, 'you will make us all heretics."' " In this matter " Rome had every reason," remarks the historian, " to be satisfied with Henry VIII. Tonstall, who still kept under lock and key the Testaments purchased at Antwerp through Packington's assistance, had them carried to 8t. Paul's churchyard, where they were publicly burnt. The spectators retired shaking the head, and saying: The teaching of the priests and of Scriptures must be in contradiction to each other, since the priests destroy them.' " " It was thus Rome opposed the Scriptures 366 years ago, and she uses the same tactics yet when she can. Only a few weeks since we printed in these columns the facts con-cerning the burning of forty-seven Bibles and fifty Testaments in Bahia, Brazil, no longer ago than last June by order of a Roman Catholic vicar.' And everybody knows Rome's undying hostility to the reading of the com-mon version of the Scriptures everywhere. The Douay or Catholic version of the Scrip-tures is never printed without notes; thus even where Rome permits the reading of the Bible, she first injects into it the poison of tradition and the vagaries of the so-called Fathers of the Christian Church. But as we said before, the opposition to the reading of the Bible comes not so much from enmity to the Scriptures themselves, as from the papal principle of the denial of the right of private judgment. It is of no avail for people to read a book which they cannot un-derstand, and which they have no right to understand for themselves. It follows that to permit the reading of the Scriptures is to in-vite independence of thought and of action in matters of religion. The man who reads the inspired declaration, every man " shall give account of himself to God," feels that he has an individual responsibility toward God which no other man can discharge for him; and reasoning is not necessary to convince him not only that he has the right of private judgment, but that it is his duty to exercise that right in the fear of God; but this Rome can never admit, for to admit it is to abdicate the throne of spiritual dominion which she has usurped, and to which she owes her power over the nations. LETTING DOWN THE BARS. [Bible Eeho: Melbourne, Australia.] THE demand on the part of many styling themselves Protestant, that the state should teach religion in its schools, opens the way for a counter demand from the Roman Cath-olics that the state should bear the expense of all the secular instruction given in their schools. And one demand is as consistent and can be urged with as much propriety and io D'Aubigne's " History of the Reformation," Book XX, chap. 15. Italics ours.ŠEn. n m. 12  For the facts and particulars, see Missionary Review of the World, for February. with as much force as the other. And this latter demand is being urged. A Catholic deputation, which waited on Lord Salisbury the first week in December, declared that Roman Catholics would never rest until the whole expense of the secular education of their schools was borne by the state. When Protestants begin to mix up secular and relig-ious affairs, and demand the assistance of the state in teaching religion, they are letting down the bars, and they must not be sur-prised if others follow where they have led the way. Ł -41. A WORLD-WIDE DIFFERENCE. THERE is a world-wide difference, and much more than that, between man's law and the law of God. This difference may not be apparent in the wording of the laws, as they are compared one with the other; but it is none the less real. For example, the law of God says, " Thou shalt not kill," and " Thou shalt not steal." Man's law also specifically forbids killing and stealing. Bat man's law against murder, even though expressed in the exact language of the sixth commandment, is not God's law. It is not a reenactment of God's law. It falls as far short of that law, in its breadth and depth and purpose, as man falls short of God. God's laws are not only prohibitions, but they are promises. With the command, God also gives power to perform it. Man could not possibly keep God's law by his own power; his very nature is contrary to it. " The car-nal mind is emnity against God; for it is not subject to the law of God neither indeed can be." God must supply the power necessary for the fulfillment of his law in man, if ever any man is to keep it. And he does this by the power of the life of Christ. That plan and that power are set forth by the apostle Paul in the words, "I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me; and the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." Gal. 2:20. Christ lives in the believer; his life is the life of Christ; and that life is now, as it ever has been, in perfect harmony with God's law. Thus the law of God is not a measure of man's power towards God, but of God's power toward man. It is a promise of what God will do for every individual who will come unto him by faith. That law operates by God's own power, and not by the power of man. In brief, the law of God commands love to God, and love to man. It requires us to love God with all the mind and strength, and our neighbor as ourself. But who can love by his own will? "God is love," and "love is of God." God must supply the power by putting loveŠwhich is putting himselfŠinto man's heart. God's law deals with the heart. An evil thought is a violation of his law. "The word of God is living, and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, an is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Heb. 4: 12. Man's wordŠman's lawŠon the other hand, cannot rise above the level of man's own hu-man power and wisdom. Man can neither reenact nor enforce the law of God. God's law says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." Man also has 