THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 775 ROGER WILLIAMS AND THE QUAKERS. THE biography of Roger Williams is an essential part of the early history of Rhode Island. Then, too, to all who believe in the total separation of church and state, and in the sovereignty of the indi-vidual conscience in,  matters relating, to religion, all' facts concerning Mr. Williams and his struggles and conflicts concerning this doctrine must ever be of absorbing interest. It is well known how he was banished by the theocratic magistrates of Massachusetts from the Massachusetts Bay Colony, to become; in the provi-dence of God, the founder of the colony of Rhode Island. He first made himself unpopular with the authorities in Massachusetts by declaring that the charter of the colony was invalid. He contended that, as the land belonged to the Indians, it should be purchased from them,, and that the king of England had no right to give it away and to author-ize his subjects to take forcible possession, and to murder the Indians if they refused to vacate. Thus it was his high principles of honesty and integrity that brought him into disrepute. He discovered that the world, which is ever run on conventional standards, has no place In its galaxy of glory for a life of unswerving principle. Such lives Łare fre-quently glorified or canonized- in after generations, but never while they are a standing rebuke to the shallowness and hypocrisy of their contemporaries. The final cause of his banishment, however, was his views on the question of soul liberty. He taught that neither bishop nor king has a right to proscribe religious faith, holding that man is responsible for his religious opinions and practices to God alone. He denounced the law which compelled every man to contribute to the support of the church, and he denied the right of the magistrates to enforce any Of the precepts of the first table of the decalogue which, he asserted, related to man's duty to God alone. The magistrates would not brook such limi-. tations to their powers, and Williams was driven out in the dead of winter into the wilderness inhabited only by beasts and savages. To use his own- words, he was " sorely tossed for one fourteen weeks in a bitter winter, season, not knoxing what bread or bed did mean." Having previously, While in Plymouth, made the acquaintance of the chiefs of the Wampa-noags and the Narragansetts and learned their lan-guage, on reaching their country on the shores of  the Narragansett Bay he was kindly received by them. From them he purchased territory, and he became the founder of the State of Rhode Island and of the city of Providence, which city he named in commemoration of God's merciful kindness to him in his distress. Williams designed that the colony of Rhode Island should be a haven of, rest for all those who were oppressed for conscience sake. There were some five or six men who came with Williams from the Massachusetts Bay Colony and settled, with him on the Narragansett. In the original agreement be-tween these men it was stipulated that there should always be in the territory they possessed perfect freedom of conscience. , Later, to protect the purchase he had made from the Indians from others who might seek to have the same territory granted to them by the king, Wil-liams visited England and secured a charter from the king for the colony of Rhode Island. At this time, without regard to the will of the king, Massa-chusetts was independently oppressing, on account of their religion, even those who in the mother country might have lived peaceably and quietly. Mr. Williams made this one of the reasons for seeking of the king a charter for Rhode Island, and, at his request, the principles and guarantees' of religious liberty were so clearly stated in the charter itself that Williams seems to have understood that, should these rights ever be violated in the colony, the charter itself would thereby become invalid. That the effort to carry out these high, prin-ciples at that early day was not without its diffi-culties is evident. We get a glimpse of this in the records, thus: "The 21St day of May, 1637, it was agreed that Joshua Verin, upon breach of covenant for restraining liberty of conscience, shall be with-held from the liberty of voting till he shall declare the contrary."ŠRhode Island Colony Records, Vol. I, page 16. It seems that Verin had refused to let,his wife go to meeting' to hear Mr. Williams' preach as often as -she wished to go. Of this occurrence, Governor Winthrop of Massachusetts writes as follows: "At Providence, also, the devil was not idle. For,whereas, at their first coming together, Mr. Williams and the rest did make an order that no man should be mo-lested for his conscience, now men's wives and children and servants claim liberty hereby to go to all religious meetings, though never so often,' or 