SENTINEL 20 729 to require a Christian to obey and help erifOrce the laws and to aid in the punishment of crime. While WE are heartily in favor of applied Christianity, because we believe in, Christianity and know from we may rejoice, fOr many reasons, that it is seldom necessary for a minister to run the risk of getting observation and from the testimony of others that drunk in order to discharge his duty to the state, we the application of its principles to the affairs and must confess that the risk,' in cases of necessity, in-conditions of human society tends to elevate human volves no moral turpitude. character and alleviate human misery. " Mr. Allen unquestionably limits his example in - But we do 'not believe that in order to apply beer drinking to cases which he deems of absolute Christianity it' is ever necessary for a Christian to do necessity. Any man, no matter how high his moral  standards, feels justified in taking human life 'Under that Which in itself is,wrong or to put on an appear- certain conditions. The ,end does not justify the once of evil, since both these things are contrary to means, but it often justifies unusual activity. In express injunctions of Scripture. And, therefore, we taking an unusual method to protect his parishion-cannot agree with the idea of applied Christianity ers  from the evil Łof grog-shops at , their doors Mr. presented in the following editorial by a leading Allen doubtless feels entirely justified. And the Chicago, paper, the Inter-Ocean, and printed under 'common-sense Christian, while he may not applaud the heading given this article: Mr. Allen's course, will think long,  before .condemn- " The Rev. H. M. Allen of this city offers' the ing his application of Christianity."  latest novelty in applied Christianity. In the dis- The trouble with the " applied Christianity" of trict where Mr. Allen lives the sale of strong drink this day is that men want to apply Christianty in is forbidden. Sundry persons constantly seek to some other way than was shown to the-world by its violate this proh,ibition. ,Few of the citizens who stand, for temperance thereabouts are fitted by ex- divine Author. The life of Jesus of Nazareth, who "went about doing good," is purely a record of ap- perience to get the evidence necessary to convict the law breakers. Many of them never took a drink plied Christianity, and that record was Written in of any alcoholic liquor. Hence, they find it diffi- order that the men of this day might apply Chris cult to go into court and swear that any beverage tianity according to the perfect example Set them which happens to be in question is of the forbidden long-ago in Judea. But Many who profess faith in kind. Christianity to-day seem to have lost faith in Christ's " Now it occurred to the Rev. Mr. Allen that cer- tain experiences of his youth, long since repented, way of applying it to the heart of the individual  might be made profitable to righteousness. So he ,sinner through his faith in its author, and want to ap-did not thunder in his pulpit over the blighting in- ply it to society en masse through the civil govern- ' fluence of the dramshop, but went quietly -to the ment. It is Sufficient condemnation of this kind of suspected places, bought, and consumed their illicit " applied Christianity" that it finds no warrant Łfor merchandise, and then appeared as a witness in its claims in the teaching or example of Jesus. court against the sellers.. " When asked how he knew that he had bought beer from the accused,, Mr. Allen answered that I AM not of opinion to think the church a vine in when a college student he was' in the habit of drink-- this respect, because, as fhey take it, she can not ing beer. and had not forgotten its taste and effects, `although he had ceased, to indulge in its use. As a subsist without clasping about the elm of worldly  result of Mr. Allen's efforts, the,` blind-pig' business strength arid felicity, as if the heavenly city could  on the South Side is proving decidedly unprofitable. not support itself without the props and buttresses " Many people doubtless felt a decided shock of secular authority.--John Milton. When they read of a minister's visiting saloons, even for, the purpose of obtaining evidence against viola- tors of the law. Upon reflection such feeling will be THis:is the masterpiece of a modern politician, seen to have but little justification. While many hoW to qualify and mould,  the sufferance and subjec-'worthy people consider beer drinking a sin, they will tion of the people to the length of that foot that is admit it is not a crime. But the selling of 'liquors to tread on their necks;ohow rapine mast serve itself in certain places and to certain persorts is derime. " Nov, the duty of every good Christidn to the with the fair arid honorable pretenses of public good;  ,cornmbhwealth, plain. The. injunction, "Render how the puny law may be brought under -the ward-, untO:Csar,' and others like it,. are universally held ship -and control of lust and wili.- john Milton: APPLIED CHRISTIANITY. 