70 .A,.1VIC..1E111,1ECA.NT RJEINTIPICIN111-1 Vot. 11, No. 0. sage (Acts 20:7-11; 1 Cor. 16: 2; Heb. 10: 25; Rev. 1: 10, and others) that the apostles and first Christians were wont to assemble and hold public meetings on this day. But some churches met also on Wednesday, some on Friday and some on Saturday; none of these days, however, was observed by the church as a sab-bath. Says Mosheim, with reference to this subject: " Many also observed the fourth day of the week, on which Christ was betrayed; and the sixth, which was the day of crucifixion " (Ecclesiastical History, Part II., chap. 1), and the Rev. Dr. Heylyn, after stating that Saturday was retained in many of the Eastern churches, says: " The Sunday in the Eastern churches had no great prerogative above other days, especially above the Wednesday and the Friday." (History of the Sabbath, Part II, chap. 3.) The only valid reason why Sunday was selected for the Christian sabbath seems to be one of expediency. This day consecrated to the sun was already held sa-cred by the pagans, and so it was much easier to com-pel them to abstain from labor on this day than on any other. Besides, in order to make the new faith acceptable to the Gentiles, compromises bad to be made, and one of these compromises was the adoption of the old pagan holiday of Sunday for the Christian sabbath. This is admitted by many prominent cler-gymen. Thus, Mour, an eminent English divine, after admitting that we borrow the name of this day from the ancient Greeks and Romans, and allowing that the old Egyptians worshiped the sun, and as a standing memorial of their veneration, dedicated this day to him, says: "So that Sunday being the day on which the Gentiles solemnly adored that planet and called it Sunday . . . the Christians thought fit to keep the same day and the same name of it that they might not appear causelessly peevish, and by that means hinder the conversion of the Gentiles." (Dialogues on the Lord's day, p. 22.) Another advo-cate of the first-day observance makes a similar apol-ogy in the North British Review. (Vol. XVIII, p. 409.) " That very day was the Sunday of their heathen neighbors and respective countrymen, and patriotism gladly united with expediency in making it at once their Lord's day and their sabbath." No well informed person believes that there is a Scriptural command and authority for the religious observance of Sunday. Under the name of sun-worship this day was dedicated to the vile rites of a not to be named worship; the unnatural and monstrous vices of which are portrayed by Paul in his epistle to the Romans, chapter first. By a pagan edict this day was exalted, and its observance was forced upon the world, and upon the Christian church, which had observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath day until the time of this edict. It is evident that the assumed premises of the bill, namely, that the first day of the week is generally considered of divine ap-pointment as a day of rest and worship, is an ill advised statement, and is not in accord-ance with facts. If the bill should become a law the people of this country, through their representatives, would have surrendered their liberty to a minority,* and would become law-breakers whenever they should engage in harmless amusement, or perform honest labor on the first day of the week, if such labor was not " works of necessity and mercy, " as those words would be interpreted by zealots. * We do not think that Mr. Buell would wish to be under stood to imply that such legislation would be any better even if the majority favored it. In this connection he is discussing the facts, not the principle. It is the inalienable right of every man to be left perfectly free in matters of religion. And this right is just as sacred and inviolable in a single individual as in the majority. "What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence." said a committee of United States Senate of 1829, " but as rights, of which government cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Des-potic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them. The idea is altogether unfounded that whatever the majority does is right. It is closely akin to the motto, "The king can do no wrong," and both are alike denied by the declaration that " all men are created equal; " and "that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." It is manifest that a right which resides in the individual and cannot be alienated is beyond the reach of all legitimate, civil authority, no matter how represented, whether by the few or by the SENTINEL. There is no evil existing, no threatened danger, that calls for any such measure as is contemplated in House Bill 167, and it is the wise part of our people to " let well enough alone," and, to keep entirely aloof from the gigantic stride to the union of Church and State that this bill proposes. DOINGS AT THE CAPITAL. [Special Correspondence from Washington.] THE Woman's Sabbath Alliance of the Dis-trict of Columbia, mentioned in my last letter, has appointed its Missionary Committee, con-sisting of two persons in each church congre-gation in the city of Washington. Already this committee has entered upon its work of Christianizing the community in the most ap-proved way. The visit of one of these lady missionaries is best described by one of the ladies visited, as recorded in the Washington Post, of Sunday, February 16. She said in part:Š My visitor was gorgeously gotten up, and wore great solitaires in her ears, but she still suggested an Amma. She has a peculiar soft skin, a bovine ex-pression in her eyes, a stupid, heavy look, character-istic of women who follow this profession. " I am come to you, my dear Mrs. Climber," she said, after the conventional greetings were over, and I had seated myself in a chair opposite her, " to talk to you about a very serious matter." " Yes ?" said I, inquiringly, prdducing my pocket-book. She shook her head smilingly. " No charities," she said, and then lapsed into a long silence. " Well," said I at last, perhaps a little impatiently, remembering my engagement at Mrs. Bienchere's at 12 o'clockŠit was then 11: 30Š" what can I do for you?" " The subject I have come to talk to you about is rather a delicate one of a personal character, and I must confess I feel some hesitancy in broaching it." " Why do you broach it then ?" I asked, with some asperity, wondering what subject of personal character she could possibly have to talk to me about. " Because, my dear Mrs. Climber," she said im-pressively, "I consider it my Christian duty." " Very well," said I, resignedly, though with some surprise, "but as I have an engagement with my dressmaker at 12 o'clock, I must ask you to use dis-patch." Mrs. Tenpercenter braced herself against the corner of the 'sofa and squared her shoulders like a grena-dier. " I understand," she said, " that you, among others, receive, give dinners, and accept invitations  on the sabbath day ; and I have come to speak to you about it. Don't you think that we of the upper classes should set an example to the lower? Are you not willing, for the sake of your soul, for the sake of the souls of those dear to you, to give up these temporary pleasures ?" She had become very excited by this time and was down on her knees before my chair, talking with the velocity that a toboggan acquires when it has taken a good start down the slide. I could hardly distin-guish her words, which were nothing more than a whirr. What I could make out was something like this :Š " My dear Mrs. Climber, my dear friend, my dear sister, let me exhort you to remember the sabbath day. Why, it is in the commandments, ' Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work. . " I was too indignant to listen further. I rose from my chair and began walking up and down the room, leaving her still kneeling by it. In a few moments she scram-bled to her feet and stood, her great bosom heaving with excitement. It was some time before I could calm myself sufficiently to speak to her. Here was a woman whose husband had made his money, not by the sweat of his brow, but by usury ; who bore the reputation of having been guilty of every mean and contemptible practices known  in business, exhorting me to save my soul. When I had become calm again I went to where she stood. " Mrs. Tenpercenter," I said, " I will accede to your request. I will give no more dinners, neither will I receive or accept invitations on the sabbath day." " Oh," said, the hysterical creature excitedly, " how glad I am. What a victory What a victory!" " But," I continued, " there are certain conditions I must insist upon. You came here to teach me my duty. I demand the same right. I propose to teach you yours. I give up certain things at your request. I ask you to give up something at mine." " What are the conditions ? " she asked, the joy quite gone out of her voice. " First," I said, " I ask that you shall see that your husband charges his customers, the majority of whom, I understand, are poor government clerks and help-less widows, only the legal rate of interest instead of the 10 per cent. a month he now demands. Second, it offends.my idea of what is proper and conventional that a woman should wear solitaires in the morning on her way to market or a revival. I ask you, there-fore, to promise never to wear your diamonds again before the gas is lighted." I waited for her answer, watching her face grow white with anger. " Well," I said at last, " will you promise ?" " My husband understands his own business, I guess," she said, angrily, "and can manage it with-out any advice from you. And as for these diamonds, they're mine, aren't they ? " "Yes," said I, "your husband understands his own business without doubt, and you can wear your dia-monds when it suits you. But remember, I also un-derstand my business better, very much better, than you do. However, when you are willing to let me dictate to you, I will allow you the same privilege. Mrs. Tenpercenter, I question if your ideas of life are any higher than mine, or if your daily life is any bet-ter, poor as mine may be. Remember the story about the beam. I have the honor to wish you a very good morning." And the ambitious home missionary bowed herself out. Judging from recent occurrences, one would suppose that a great many people had reached the conclusion that the strict observance of Sunday would be the means of neutralizing every defect in the character. It would pu-rify the saloon-keeper, that robs his victim of money and bread for his family, of his health and happiness, and of life itself. The Shylock that robs the poor of their hard-earned pit-tance, to purchase diamonds and gorgeous ap-parel for his wife and daughters, may calm his conscience, if he will lay aside his ledger and bank-book, and go to church on Sunday. And the nation that legalizes all these, may be holy by decreeing to keep holy the Sunday. The effort to secure the enactment of the District Sunday law is still unabated. * * "CHRISTIAN STATESMAN" AND CONSCIENCE. [The ilvangel and Sabbath Outlook, Nov. 81, 1895.] THE Christian Statesman complains of our severity in charging the destruction of con-science upon it and those who like it teach that the Sabbath has been displaced by Sun-day, rightfully, and by divine authority. Our answer is: " By their fruits ye shall know them." The Statesman being witness, Europe is generally sabbathless. The seventh day is almost entirely disregarded and Sunday is the " continental" holiday. The peoples who have come to this point have been edu-cated for centuries under the system we con-demn, and which we hold responsible for the lack of conscience that prevents the reestab-lishment of the Sabbath, and forbids Sunday 