ee if PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., a tth  Ł eilieee*EiEleeriiEseCeiX:C.V..":eeeeCC:-XEI-eitle Price, Postpaid, Cloth, Plain Edges, - $1.25. " Gilt " - 1.50. 39 Bond Street, New York City AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. 381 Bible as their sword, the old Bible, that for eighteen hun-dred years has wrought such mighty work in the world, before the men whom God did not consult in its prepar-ation had begun their investigating, and criticising and ruining, and so breaking up the faith of thousands. Such men go from closet to platform with bowed heads and tender hearts, accompanied by the Spirit of the liv-ing God, believing they have God's message and that he will speak through them. Ernest, faithful men, who be-lieve their God to be 'the same yesterday, to-day and forever.' Such men will not need to depend on brass band, or pictures, or sensational utterances for congre-gations, for they depend on God's Spirit, who never fails them who put their trust in him. "Any man can foretell 'the future of the pulpit,' or of a church, or of a nation, when he knows how God and his commands are viewed by preacher and people." "Belief in the supernatural is fast being eliminated from too much of the modern teaching. The test of man's fallible reason must be applied to all things reliŁ gious, although that same reason stands helpless and weak before a thousand secular and material things. There is no other so self-conceited and arrogant -spirit known as that of so called education. The pride of wealth is tame before it. "Presidents and professors and preachers are 'out-Heroding Herod' in their attempts to outdo each other in their vague and demoralizing speculations. They are specialists gone crazy on their sociological hobbies, sub-stituting their vagaries for God's mind. Then let schools and teachers and preachers back to God's Word as it was and is, back to Christ and his commands, back to the Spirit, their Comforter, and the pulpit is safe. "E. N. B." TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Balm Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months - .50. Three months - .25, ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. raweaaaaaaaa Heralds of the Morning, OR The meaning of the Social and Political Ques- tions of to-day, and the significance of Phenomena in Nature. i Book of Thrilling Interest. Up to date in every respect.  More than a hundred attractive illustrations, of which the following are a few from one chap-ter:Š Battle of Manila Bay, May 1, 18.98. Blowing up of the Maine. Battle of Santiago, July 3, 1898. (Showing chase of Spanish fleet.) The British Navy-30 miles in length. Battle Ship Iowa. NEARLY 300 PAG]l Notice. MONEY should be sent to this office by Postal Money Order or by Express Money Order or by draft on New York City. Checks or drafts on banks in other cities cost exchange. Small amounts may be sent in Postage Stamps. If bills or coin is sent the letter should be reg-istered. The Postal Money Order is the cheapest and safest. Pacific Press Pub. Co., Publishers American Sentinel, 39 Bond St., New York City. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of JR.:us Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who d e. ire to assist in supporting missionaries r already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Boa rd of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the Foreign FOR EIGN MISSION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. eh 