NOVEMBER 23; 1893. A.7.V11 ICA N SIR1VTIIN11-4,1-4. 365 were omitted from the puritanic Sunday law, as transplanted to this country. The manner in which the Puritans at-tained "the immortal honor" of an idle and cheerless Sunday by law established, was as follows : They repudiated all tradi-tion, holding, as they said, to the " writ-ten Word " alone, meaning thereby the King James' Version of the Bible. Now, there is nowhere in this " Word" any prescription or even suggestion regarding the " observance " of Sunday in any man-ner, the, only day of the week " set apart " therein being Saturday. But the Puritan repudiator of tradition altered the fourth Commandment as given in the " written Word " so that it read : " Remember Sun-day to keep it holy, . . . the first day is the. Sabbath of the Lord, thy God," etc., and this alteration he made on the strength of tradition alone. Again, the Puritan -repudiated with scorn and indignation the authority of the Catholic Church ; he appealed to the "written Word" against her and all her works. But the written Word says "the seventh day is the Sab-bath." etc. ; and for his authority to change " seventh " to " first," the Puritan repudiator of Catholicism had nothing to rely on except the Catholic Church, and her incorporation into a dogma of a tradi-tional practice. Having by this strange process fixed upon his sacred day of the week, the Pu-ritan next proceeded to settle the manner of its observance. And here he displayed an originality for which he does not usu-ally receive sufficient credit. The " Sab-bath" of the fourth commandment is only half of the Puritan Sunday. The first involves abstinence from work alone. Saturday was a day of play, recreation, social visiting, and entertaining, etc., with the Jews in Palestine. The Puritan Sun-day involves abstinence from work and play. The inhibition of the latter is, as already shown, the stamp of puritanism upon the day. As Sunday play and social intercourse were objects of Puritan anti-pathy long before Sunday work, so it is safe to challenge contradiction of the as-sertion that if our Puritans of to-day were given their choice between the repeal of the prohibition of Sunday work and the prohibition of Sunday play, they would, to a man, vote to retain the prohi-bition of play. " They hated bear-bait-ing," says Macaulay, truly, " not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators." They hated Sunday opening of the World's Fair, not because it kept the employ at work, but because it enabled non-Puri-tans to enjoy themselves on Sunday. A man may work on Sunday and still pay puritanism the compliment of an out-wardly gloomy and morose,Šthat is to say a puritanic, demeanor on its sacred day. But if non-Puritans are to be per-mitted to enjoy themselves on Sunday at their own sweet will, just as they may on other days, there is an end of external deference to puritanism by law compelled ; there is an end of the union of the Puri- tan Church with the American State; there is an end of the embodiment of the Puritan dogma of the idle and cheerless Sunday in an American statute. All history shows that attempts of the civil power to enforce religious duties, while sure to fail of their purpose, develop the most objectionable traits of human nature, and debauch the moral sense of the community. It may be true, that the more profound philosophers of the Inqui- sition looked on as calmly and dispassion-ately at the sufferings of the heretic, as a, surgeon views the lacerated limbs of a patient under his knife, being wise men as well as good, and so knowing that their work was a salutary one, and that it was necessary for the sufferer's own sake that he should be tortured into conversion here to save him from eternal agony hereafter. But the masses were not philosophers; and it is impossible to doubt that their interest in an auto da fe was little connected with their appreciation of its value as a means of grace to the victims, and that it was mainly based on the love of cruelty and the appetite for blood always latent in hu-man nature, and like all our baser passions "growing by what it feeds on." We have gotten rid of the stake and the rack, let us hope, forever. The Sunday laws are about the only means left of invoking the power of the State to compel an external compli-ance with a dogma of the Church. The Sunday opening of Ł the World's Fair has attracted special attention to these laws, and sporadic and spasmodic attempts have been made to enforce them. The obvious futility of the attempts renders them rid-iculous. But they have a serious side. While the instinct of cruelty, in its worst and extremist manifestation, the delight in actual physical torture, cannot be grati-fied by means of persecutions under the Sunday laws, other low, shameful, and deplorable instincts find in such proceed-ings at once a vent and a stimulus. Not the least conspicuous of these is the desire to cause others annoyance be-cause they differ from us on religious points and the impulse of meddlesomeness, the spirit of "setting others straight," the ambition of " bossing " one's neighbor and compelling him to govern his private con-duct by our standard instead of his own. If we consider that to instigate and sub-serve the cause of prosecutions under the Sunday laws requires the sacrifice of man-liness and self-respect to the extent of playing the part of a volunteer detective and spy, we may form some idea of what a man must be or become, who habitually foments such prosecutions. Add to the demoralizing effects upon the prosecutors of such proceedings, the inevitable rank-ling in the hearts of the prosecuted, who, being reasonable creatures, understand perfectly that they are proceeded against not because they have done any harm to anybody, but solely because they have violated a religious dogma, in which they do not believe, and we begin to get some idea of the evil effects on any community of Sunday law trials. (To be continued.) Apply This to Sunday. THE following is from an Irish paper:Š MR. WM. JOHNSTON.Š I beg to ask the Chief Sec-retary whether he is aware that (as has been stated in the Westmeath Independent of July 1st) Father Kelly informed five painters employed in Mr. Coen's premises on June 29th that it was a religious holi-day and that he would not allow them to work; that because they declined to leave off work the men were denounced from the altar afterwards by Fa-ther Byrne at ten o'clock mass, that'after the artisans were denounced they left their work and returned to Dublin ; and whether he will take steps to pre-vent the recurrence of such action on the part of ecclesiastics. MR. J. MoRLEY. ŠI am afraid that the facts are sub-stantially as stated in the gentleman's question. I am forced to think, however, that the case is one in which the aggrieved persons themselves should take action rather than the Government. Mr. Johnston is a member of Parliament  and Mr. Morley Chief Secretary for Ire-land. The question put implied that a priest had no right to interfere with men because they worked on a saint's day or other religious holidays. Mr. Morley's an-swer grants that such interfence is im-proper. But why any more improper for a priest to denounce men for working on a saint's day than for the boycotting Sun-day preachers to denounce men for work-ing on Sunday ? Be Not Deceived! ROMANISTS are in a sweet mood these days. They are preaching up charity at a great rate. They are profuse in their dec-larations of loyalty to country and love to its institutions. They talk very glibly about the Republic, as if they owned it and as if its liberties were due to their efforts, and under their special guardianship. Chicago has been fairly overrun with smooth speeches in favor of the educational and religious institutions of the land. It is wonderful the effect which the Colum-bian year has had upon Romish liberality. But what does it all mean ? Has there been a change of heart in Jesuitism ? Are we to see a new era of friendship toward Protestantism ? Is the Roman Catholic hierarchy really in love with Protestant development ? This Republic is the prod-uct of the principles and life of Protest-antism. But Americans are not blind to facts, nor are they ready to shut their eyes to Jesuitic intrigue. They hear much just now about the good points in Leo, but they have no disposition to encour-age his advances. It is a fine stroke of policy on his part, and that of his support-ers, to fall in with the current and exalt AmericaŠwhat she is and what she may becomeŠbut he and they are working for ulterior ends, and discerning Protestants see through their cunning devices, and will watch the movements of Rome under various guises with growing vigilance.ŠPresbyterian. The Cities and Sunday Trains. THE papers report that at the recent Boston meeting of the League of Railway Trainmen a resolution was adopted de-claring against Sunday trains. Comment-ing on this fact, a paper of this city says :Š There are some considerations involved which are amply conclusive against the wisdom of such a resolution, and we are confident that when railway workmen examine them carefully they will refuse to maintain the position the league is said to have taken, and this, without reference to the Church and State issue, which is the real question at the bottom of all Sunday law agitation. The population of the cities increases in a much more rapid ratio than does that of the country. It is not necessary to our present purpose to inquire regarding the cause of this difference; we are here concerned only with the fact, and the sequences. The rich and moderately well- to-do city residents have, most of them, homes in the suburbs, or at least some distance removed from the crowded centers, and hence are not directly so vitally inter-ested in the question of transit. But the masses of the people are forced to live in close quarters, contiguous to their work, and so their surroundings are often unsanitary to a degree, and even when not so bad as the worst, are far from healthful or desirable in other ways. By millions so situated Sunday is hailed as a day of release. On cheap excursion trains and boats they flock into the coun-try and to the seashore or to the marge of some inland lake. They get away from the noise and dust 'and unwholesome odors of the city. The restful, cooling green of forest and meadow delights eyes strained by the glare reflected from towering walls of brick and stone. Children dance and roll and play merry games upon the sand or under the trees. They watch in wondering awe the incoming 