206 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. was opposed to Sunday papers, however, and did not directly give them any notices, but they copied his notices from the Sat-urday evening papers as news items. Even Rev. N. R. Johnston was opposed to the idea of denouncing brother minis-ters in regard to this matter, but before he got through, he was charged with doing that same thing himself. Said Rev. Stew-art, " You are worse than I am, Brother Johnston." The speaker was strong in his utterances against the Sunday paper, and the habit of going to the post-office on that day. He instanced the case of a neighbor of his, 'a deacon in the Congre-gationalist Church, who would go to the post-office after his mail on his way home from church. A Mr. Ross was very emphatically op-posed to Sunday papers, and stoutly de-cried their deleterious influence. He had two of them coming to his house, and he seemed to be well posted as to their contents. He urged the necessity of a Sunday law, that these papers might be stopped. We have heard many complaints of the Sunday papers, but never knew that Christian people were obliged to take them if they didn't want to. In fact, one speaker expressed the opinion that if one thousand people would stop the Sun-day Mercury of San Jose, it would soon cease to be issued. The Committee of Ways and Means presented propositions, among which were recommendations that ministers present frequently to their congregations the moral statute, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." That prayers around family altars and in prayer-meetings be offered for better Sabbath observance and a righteous Sunday law in California. That tracts on the religious duty and civil requirements of the Sabbath be put into all homes. That the aid of the religious and secular press be invoked in behalf of this cause. That conventions be held in every county in the State, to work up sentiment. That as soon as possible an efficient field secretary be put into the field to hold public meetings and organize local associations in advocacy of a Sunday law for this State. That all churches, societies, and corporations favorable to this movement be requested to take col-lections of money to further the work. That a State convention in the interest of a Sunday law be held as soon as the State committee shall deem advisable. Thus are the enemies of religious lib-erty working in the name of liberty. While they claim to be working under the banner of the Declaration of Independ-ence, which claims that all men are created free and equal, their efforts only compre-hend the liberty of a class,Šthose who want to keep Sunday. To compel others to do so, is to take away their liberty. But such is all governmental interference with religion; such is all religious legisla-tion, of whatever character.ŠW. N. G., in Signs of the Times. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. C. ELDRIDGE,  President. W. H. McKEE, ----- - - Secretary. J. 0. CORLISS, Field Secretary of the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association, is speaking in New Hampshire, in defense of the principles of religious liberty as expressed in the First Amendment to the Constitution, and advocated by the Asso-ciation. The, Concord Evening Monitor, of June 2, publishes an excellent report of an address, by Mr. Corliss, which appeals in forcible and unmistakable terms to ev-ery citizen and every legislator. The dis-course was an able arraignment of the two measures,Šthe joint resolution pro-viding for an amendment to the Constitu-tion, requiring the teaching of the princi-ples of religion in the public schools; and the bill for a national Sunday law. The closing comment is worthy the at-tention of every American citizen : " The people should look into this matter and say to those who are sent to Congress, ' Don't put your hand upon our religious liberties.' " Religious Liberty Involved. A DISPATCH from Nashville, Tennessee, to the Sun, June 15, says :Š The Supreme Court of Tennessee has just rendered a decision affirming the ac-tion of the lower court in the case of the State vs. R. M. King. This case was ap-pealed from the Circuit Court held in Troy, Obion County, last March, and has attracted much attention on account of the religious question involved in it. Mr. King is a member of the Seventh-day Ad-ventist Church, a sect which observes the seventh day (Saturday) as the Sabbath, instead of Sunday, the first day of the week. The defense has been made by the National Religious Liberty Association, an organization of recent origin, which admits no one into its membership who does not believe in the Christian religion, but holds that the functions .of religion and the State are entirely distinct, and,  for the interests of both, should be kept separate. Mr. King is a farmer, and was indicted for quietly working on his own premises, not in sight of any place of pub-lic worship. None of the witnesses for the State testified to having been dis-turbed in any way or to having a knowl-edge that any one else had been disturbed, except that their moral sense had been shocked by seeing work done on Sunday. The defendant was first arraigned before a Justice of the Peace, and fined three dol-lars and costs, amounting in all to about twelve dollars, which he paid. He was afterward indicted for the same offense by the Grand Jury of Obion County, and was fined seventy-five dollars. An appeal was taken to the Supreme Court on the plea (1)" that the acts complained of and proven did not constitute a nuisance, as charged in the indictment; (2) that the Court erred in not permitting the defend-ant to prove that he had been once ar-rested, tried, convicted, and fined for the same offense, and that he had paid the fine and costs; (3) on the ground of the appeal of the Attorney-General to the the religious prejudices of the jury, by his bitter denunciations of the religious views of the defendant, and confounding the sect with which he is connected with the Mormons. The case will be taken to the Supreme Court of the United States. This will be the first case involving the constitution-ality of Sunday laws that has been brought before the United States Supreme Court. An association has been organized in Tennessee, the members of which pledge themselves to prosecute every violation of the Sunday laws. A number of persons who observe the seventh day as the Sab-bath are now under indictment for work-ing on Sunday. They are tenacious of their faith, and claim the right, under the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution of the United. States, and th' Bill of Rights of the State of Tennessee, to work on Sunday. In view of recent movements in favor of a national Sunday law, and the opposition to this and all other religious legislation by the National Religious Liberty Association, the prog-ress of this case through the Court will be watched with deep interest by many. AN Iowa paper, of June 14, says :Š The German Lutheran Synod, in session at Du-buque this week, has 300 ministers, 450 congrega-tions, and 50,000 communicants, and is spread over fourteen States. Delegates were present from Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Ohio, Missouri, Michigan, and Washington. The Convention was opened by the President, the Rev. Prof. G. Grosswell, D. D— of Waverly, Iowa. Reports were read denouncing the Bennett Law. The Synod resolved to introduce Barnes' school text-books of the American Book Company in the parochial schools. And this is the people who, we are told, have to be forced by law to educate their children in English. 