" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER, 1888. NUMBER 9. An2eFicar2 get2th2e1. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. V. J. WAGGONER, ALorto T. JoNEs, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. X. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. Entered at the Post-effice in Oakland. What Constitutes a Catholic School? THE question is, What do Catholics include in the doctrine of faith and morals ? And we are at no difficulty to answer that that church teaches, among other things, that Church and State are not to be separated, and that the church is rightfully superior to the government of all States. This is one depart-ment of Catholic faith, as expounded by an infallible church. It is not to be supposed that all the minutiae of faith are imparted to children in the parochial schools, but let them be fully indoctrinated with the idea of the infallibility of the church in their youth, and then let the application of the doctrine to their, conduct as citizens be made at some later period of life, and there can be no doubt that, if they are good Catholics, they will decide that their first allegiance is due to the Catholit Church rather than to their country. There is no difficulty about a good Cath-olic being also a good patriot so long as no question of the supremacy of the Church or State is involved; but let that question arise, let the issue be fairly made whether in these United States the Government shall control the Catholic Church or the Catholic Church shall control the Government, and every good Catholic is bound to do his best to bring the Government under the control of the church. These and similar consequences flow log-ically and irresistibly from the doctrine of the infallibility of the church, in connec-tion with the Catholic theory of "faith and morals," and we must understand that a Catholic school is an institution where the seed is sown that will infallibly produce this fruit. It becomes a matter of interest to us to have a clear understanding of these matters, in view of the fact that the demand is persist-ently made for the maintenance of these schools by the public, and the public have a right to the fullest information on this point, that they may intelligently determine whether they wish to pay taxes for the support of such instructions,ŠJ, Rockwell, in Christian (Aim The American Sentinel and the Woman's Christian Tem- perance Union. THE SENTINEL has had occasion frequently to criticise some of the workings of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Upon the part of those who favor the establishment of a religious instead of a civil government here, this fact has been made the means of an at-tempt to create prejudice at the expense of the SENTINEL. They try to make it appear that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is opposed to temperance. We propose to make plain our attitude toward .temperance in general and toward the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in particular. The AMERICAN SENTINEI, is thoroughly and consistently devoted to the genuine principles of temperance. And what the SENTINEL con-siders to be the genuine principles of temper-ance can be stated in this single sentence, viz,: Total abstinence from all stimulants and narcotics of whatever kind or nature or degree. More than this, it is out of allegiance to Christian prin-ciple that the SENTINEL is devoted to this principle of temperance. It is thorough-going Christian temperance in which the SENTINEL thoroughly believes. It is because allegiance to Christ demands that we shall be temperate in all things; that we advocate the principle of temperance. Both of the editors of the SENTINEL are doing their very best to act strictly in accordance with this principle of temperance. It must therefore be mani-fest to every Soul that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is decidedly in favor of temperance, and Chris-tian temperance at that. And in this it must likewise be manifest to everybody that what-ever criticisms we have ever made, or shall ever make, upon the workings of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, are not in any sense in opposition to the purest principles of Christian temperance. Although we are decidedly in favor of Christian temperance, and endeavor person-ally to practice it, and to persuade others to practice it, we are not in favor of using the civil power to compel anybody either to favor or to practice it. And when the Woman's Christian Temperance Union attempts, as it does, to use the civil power to compel people to conform to the principles of Christian tem-perance, it goes beyond its legitimate prov-ince, it acts contrary both to civil polity and Christian principle, and therefore we oppose it. Christian principle knows no such thing as outward force; it never seeks either the sup-port or the control of the civil power._ Chris- tian principle knows only the force of consci-entious conviction, aroused to action by per-suasive reason, under the blessed influence of the Spirit of God. Christian principle knows no power but the power of God as manifested in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Be-lieving this with all our heart, although we are decidedly in favor of temperance, of Chris-tian temperance, of woman's Christian temper- ance, and even of woman's Christian temper-ance union, we are just as decidedly opposed to the political aspirations of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union proposes to establish a theocracy in, this coun-try, and to that end demands that the ballot shall be put into the hands of women. Proof :Š "A true theocracy is yet to come; . . . hence I pray devoutly, as a Christian patriot, for the ballot in the hands of women, and re-joice that the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union has so long championed this cause."Š W. C. T. U. Monthly Reading for September, 1886. Now the establishment of a man-made, or a woman-made, theocracy will be but a repeti-tion of the establishment and working of the hideous principles of the Papacy, if not the establishment of the Papacy itself, in this country. The Papacy is a theocracy. Its workings throughout history have been but the practice of the principles of a man-made theocracyŠsuch a theocracy as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union proposes to estab-lish here by the ballot. The rule of such a theocracy is the wickedest rule that the world has known or can know. It puts man in the place of God, and deifies,  human passions; and such a regime is but one remove from that of Satan himself. Therefore, as such a theocracy is such a wicked thing, as it is such an utter perversion of every. principle of government, we are entirely and everlastingly opposed to it. And as , the Na-tional Woman's Christian Temperance Union is pledged to the establishment of such a theocracy, and rejoices that it has so long championed such a cause, we are entirely and everlastingly opposed to that part of the aims and workings of the Woman?s Christian Temperance Union. And why should we be blamed for it? In order to the establishment of this Ur- ocracy here, they " pray devoutly for the . lot in the hands of women." But whenever the ballot is put into the hands of women, for any such purpose as that, then the ballot will be the -worst thing that was ever put into the hands of a woman. EDITORS, 