356, ..A.101DEMI.40.A.N STRINTINMILA VOL. 11, No. 45. gained two victories during the past year for religious freedom: one was in killing this measure and the other was in getting the Illinois Sunday law declared unconstitutional. ADDISON' BLAKELY. HOW RELIGION MIXES WITH POLITICS. . "RELIGiort in politics" has been quite con-spicuous throughout the country during the last two or three months. A general view of the manifestations in this line and the at-tending results is sufficient to fill with dismay the clearer and more consecrative intellects even among those who do not favor the divorce of religion from the civil power, and to call forth from them strong expressions of disap-proval. Upon this point the following words from the New York Christian Advocate, of October 29, are worthy of-note:Š The campaign differs in several repeets from others in the debasing of the more sacred parts of the Holy Scriptures to the purposes of invective, satire, and caricature. At its first appearance the Christian Ad-vocate, of July 16, thus referred to it:Š "In every political campaign the Scriptures come into use for purposes of illustration, and nothing seems to strike the popular mind and, if properly turned, fire the popular heart more promptly than a Scripture figure. Balaam and the ass, Samson and the-Philistines, David and Goliath, Daniel, Jonah in the whale's belly, the cave of Adullam and the dis-contented that have gone down there, and Judas him-self frequently appear. Ananias, of course, at times' takes high rank. "We do not object to the use of these Scripture characters for purposes of illustration in secular spheres, but when our Lord is made to serve such purposes reverence and good taste alike are shocked. . . . Some speakers have reached the verge of blas-phemy by following our Lord into the Garden of Gethsemane and quoting his words upon the cross. "Ministers who take the stump are more likely than others to fall into this habit." This, we regret to say, has been more than fulfilled. There lies upon our table a paper of a certain polit-ical party with a cut representing the United States under the figure of "Uncle Sam" as being crucified between two thieves, and the scriptural account of the crucifixion of the Saviour of mankind is followed out in all its particulars. Not only have the parables of our Lord been tra-vested and every possible reference made, and a shocking paraphrase of the Lord's Prayer printed, but members of another political party who have de-nounced such proceedings have themselves plunged as deep into the pestilential mire as the others who sought to serve their ends by such blasphemies as have been here mentioned. Ł . . Within the last ten days a leading paper published a contribution in which a man is represented as con-fessing that he committed "the sin against the Holy Ghost" by voting for James Buchanan, and did not intend to repeat it now by voting for one of the can-didates in the present struggle. THE PULPIT AS A STUMP. Few ebullitions of extravagance upon the stump surpass those that have been uttered, in some pulpits. While a profane picture shocks the mind more than words, it is certain that whatever is uttered with the voice would be neither better nor worse if it were il-lustrated by the artist's pencil. Ministers have spoken of "wedding banquets in hell," of "the devils holding convention" to concoct a political platform; and some have resorted to lang-uage which we should not be considered excusable in repeating. One at least has culminated in what The Central Christian Advocate calls "Hysterical Politics in the Pulpits" by the following utterance, solemnly delivered at a prayer-meeting: "I will not introduce political lines to-night. The honor of the nation is on trial as perhaps it never was in 1860. It were better that the nation perished in the civil war than to have endured to this hour only to lose its honor in the sight of all the other nations on the face of the earth." A more extravagant, reckless statement than this cannot be found in the productions of the stump ora-tors of the campaign. . Meanwhile, in several parts of the country, on both sides, ministers have been expelled from their pulpits for delivering partisan harangues. In one, a Congre-gational church, it was done by the action of a large majority who were of the same way of thinking as the  preacher; so outraged were they by the uncourageous advantage taken by the preacher that they passed res-olutions forbidding him to deliver any more discourses, and also stating that his engagement must terminate at the end of the year. Similar difficulties have oc-curred in Methodism; although, because of the na-ture of our government, they have operated in a dif-ferent way. Such are the "first-fruits" of religion in politics. Do we want the harvest? Is it not evident by this time that a religion which will mix with politics is something else than Christianity? Ł Ł Ł  THE PRESIDENT'S CALL TO WORSHIP. THE President of the United States has is-sued to the people of the nation the customary annual Thanksgiving proclamation, which we print in another column. The day designated is Thursday, November 26. "On that day," speaks the proclamation, "may all our people forego their usual work and occupation, and, assembled in their ac-customed places of worship, let them with one accord render thanks to the Ruler of the Universe for our preservation as a nation and our deliverance from every threatened danger; for the peace that has dwelt within our boun-daries, for our defense against disease and pestilence during the year that has passed, for the plenteous rewards that have followed the labors of our husbandmen, and for all other blessings that have been vouchsafed to us." It may not be out of place to call attention to a lack of definiteness in the proclamation which would, were all whom it addresses to observe it, lead to uncontemplated results. The proclamation does not specify the being who is to be recognized as the "Ruler of the Universe," and, as is well known, the various nationalities and classes which compose the nation are by no means in agreement on this point. Nor is any partiCular religious class or order of people specified, but the proclama-tion is to all citizens alike. Therefore, by order of this proclamation, let the Chines?) citizen on the specified day repair to his "accustomed place of worship," and there burn incense to Joss, offer the cus-tomary libations and present the tributes of rice, etc., by which he believes the blessings of this life to be secured. Let those who know no god bat nature, repair to the groves or the hills or whatever place they may deem suitable, and there worship the mysterious life principle by which all things have, in their view, been evolved from the primordial condition into their present state. Let the Jews assemble in the synagogue and worship as the ruler of the universe a being who has no son Jesus Christ. Let the Spiritualists assemble in grand seance and hold commu-nion with the "spirits of the departed." Let Roman Catholics give thanks to the various "saints" whom they recognize as the dispen-sers of temporal blessings, and rejoice in the inroads of the papacy upon Protestantism. And let the various Protestant sects, and others not here named, whose membership is composed of American citizens, worship the Ruler of the Universe in accordance with the conceptions of their respective creeds. Of course, the President could not have confined his proclamation to one class of wor-shipers, or have discriminated in it between the various sects. He was bound to be im-partial; and a summons to most incongru-ous proceedings was the result. We have no objection to thanksgiving on the part of any in recognition of divine mer-cies and blessings; we believe nothing can be  more profitable on any day than to "bless the Lord," and "forget not all his benefits." But from the considerations above presented, we think it must be evident that to assume the role of "priest of the white house"Šas B. Fay Mills puts itŠor pontifex maximus of the American nation, can be no proper part of the functions of the chief executive's office. s. THE CHURCH AND CIVIL POWER. BY A. F. BALLENGER. Ix the days of the kings of Israel and Judah the Lord permitted his church to rule in civil things. Twelve of the twenty rulers of Judah and all of the nineteen rulers of Israel used that civil power to compel the people to violate the commandments of God. Jeroboam, first king of Israel, made two golden calves, " and he set one in Bethel and the other set he in Dan." 1 Kings 12: 28. He then ordered the people to sacrifice to these idols, saying to them, " It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem : behold thy gods, 0 Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt." Speaking of this, the inspired record says: " Jeroboam drove Israel from following the Lord, and made them sin a great sin." Over and over again it is said of Jeroboam's suc-cessors, that they " walked in the way of Jeroboam . . and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin." At length the Lord took away the civil power from Israel and made them subjects of the heathen kingdom of Assyria. The Lord bore longer with the kings of Judah. But a majority of them were like Manassah, of whom it is recorded that he " made Judah also to sin with his idols." 2 Kings 20:11. The civil power continued to be used to make the people sin until the reign of Zedekiah, when the Lord decreed through the prophet Ezekiel, that the civil su-premacy that he had permitted his church to ex-ercise should be wrested from it, and his people made subject to heathen nations. The words addressed by the Lord to Zedekiah are, "And thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end, thus saith the Lord God: Remo:ye the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will overturn, overturn, over-turn it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." Eze. 21: 25-27. The long history of misrule and misuse of civil power is briefly told in 2 Chron. 36:14-16, as follows: "Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the hea-then; and polluted the house of the Lord which he had hallowed at Jerusalem. And the Lord God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his Ł people, and on his dwellingplace: but they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the Lord arose against his peo-ple, and there was no remedy." Thus it is seen that the Lord took the civil supremacy away from the church and made his people subject to heathen nations. He decreed that his church should never more be trusted with civil power; thus in effect declaring that heathen nations were better qualified to 