354  SIENTrINTmr.4. VoL. 8. No. 45.  different proportions than ever before in the experience of man, the results will not be  far more dangerous and destructive than previously. There never was a time when pseudo-religious and religio-political organizations were so numerous and world-wide in their influence as at present. They all make for unrighteousness. THE last decade of the nineteenth cen-tury is passing. This is the end of the century to which many have looked for-ward with fear and anxiety; while many have thrown themselves with merry reck-lessness into the giddy whirl of frivolous gaieties and physical delights which they term characteristically fin de siecle; and still others look forward with a calm per-sonal joy, but with an agony of anxiety for others and of pity for the world at large, to the rapid fulfillment of prophecy and the nearing hour when the second great crisis in the world's history shall come, and it shall be again as it was in the days of Noah. As " upon stepping stones of our dead selves we rise to higher things," so will this world purified by fire rise from its ashes to fulfill its original promise and purpose. If all these unto-ward combinations and relations are fac-tors which serve their purpose in hasten-ing this grand climax in the history of the world and the human race, then he that searches them out and watches their action and notes the results, waiting and watch-ing with joy to see the fulfillment of the Master's word, is not a pessimist and a misanthrope, but the noblest optimist, and a true lover of his fellow-man. W. H. M. Did Papists Establish Religious Liberty in Maryland? WE have several times recently referred to the claim of the papists that Roman Catholics established religious liberty in Maryland, and have challenged their right to any credit whatever on that score. First, because what they did was done only to prevent the legal establishment of some form of Protestantism; and second, because religious liberty was never estab-lished in Maryland, but only religious tol-eration. It has been well said that " tol-eration is not the opposite of intoleration, but is only a counterfeit of it. Both are despotisms. The one assumes to itself the right of withholding liberty of conscience, and,  the other of granting it." But toler-ation is the highest conception possible to papists, and consequently no State under the control of papists ever established religious liberty. The charter under which the colony of Maryland was permanently established was granted to Cecilius Calvert, second Lord Baltimore, June 20, 1632, by Charles I. The established church that day, was then, as it is now, not Roman Catho-lic, but the Church of England. The charter granted to Calvert provided thatŠ the patronages and advowsons of all churches which (with the increasing worship and religion of Christ) within the said region, islands, islets and limits aforesaid hereafter shall happen to be built; together with license and faculty of erecting and founding churches, chapels and places of worship in convenient and suitable places within the prem-ises, and of causing the same to be dedicated and consecrated according to the ecclesiastical laws of our kingdom of England. The laws of England provided only for churches and chapels and worship accord-ing to the ritual of the Church of England, and according to this charter Lord Balti- more had no authority to establish any other. He is, therefore, entitled to no credit for not establishing the Roman Catholic religion. He could not have done so had he attempted it, without risk-ing, not only his proprietary rights, but also his head; for the charter further provided, as follows :Š We will also, out of our abundant grace, for us, our heirs and successors, do firmly charge, consti-tute, ordain and command, that the said province be of our allegiance; and that all and singular the subjects and liege-man of us, our heirs and succes-sors, transplanted or hereafter to be transplanted, into the province aforesaid, and the children of them, and of others their descendants, whether already born there or hereafter to be born, be and shall be liege-men of us, our heirs and successors of our kingdom of England and Ireland; and in all things shall be held, treated, reputed and esteemed as the faithful liege-men of us, and our heirs and successors, born within our kingdom of England; also lands, tenements, revenues, services, and other hereditaments whatsoever, within our kingdom of England, and other our dominions, to inherit or otherwise purchase, receive, take, have, hold, buy and possess, and the same to use and enjoy, and the same to give, sell, alien, and bequeath; and like-wise all privileges, franchises, and liberties of this our kingdom of England, freely, quietly, and peace-ably to have and possess, and the same may use and enjoy in the same manner as our liege-men born, or to be born, within our said kingdom of England, without impediment, molestation, vexa-tion, impeachment, or grievance of us, or any of our heirs or successors ; any statute, act, ordinance, or provision to the contrary, notwithstanding. Observe, this section of the charter pro-vided that all privileges, franchises, and liberties were to be the same in the prov-ince as in England, " any statute, act, or-dinance, or provision to the contrary not-withstanding." This made it impossible for either Lord Baltimore or the colonial legislature to abridge either the civil or the ecclesiastical rights of the people, as guaranteed by the laws of England. This meant that while the Established Church of England might be made also the established Church of the colony, no other could be thus established. Indeed it meant even more than this, and more than Lord Baltimore, as a consistent Cath-olic, could carry out, for it at least ren-dered probable the establishment in the colony of the English Church. To prevent this, and also to defeat the design of the Puritans to sieze the colony, Leonard Cal-vert's legislature passed in 1649 the act by which " all Christian sects were se-cured in the public profession of their faith, and allowed to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of their own con-science." This act was perhaps not war-ranted by the charter granted by Charles I, to Cecilius Calvert, but it gave the papists that liberty which they did not uninterruptedly enjoy in England, and was less likely to invite royal censure than would have been an act, establishing Romish worship to the exclusion of all other forms. This would not have been permitted by the king, nor would it have been endured by the colonists; for only three years after the meeting of the first legislature, a large company of Puritans settled in Maryland and soon began to manifest a spirit of, resistance to the au-thorities. The following from the Ameri-can Cyclopmdia, art., Maryland, is to the point :Š The first legislature met in 1639. In 1642 a company of Puritans, who had been expelled from Virginia for non-conformity, settled in Maryland, and soon be-gan to manifest a spirit of resistance to the author-ity of the proprietary. . . . The Puritans, whose arrival in the colony has already been noticed, settled in Providence, which at a later period re-ceived the name of Annapolis, and became the seat of government. They still proved turbulent, and as a means of conciliating them their settlement was erected in 1650 into a separate county under  the name of Anne Arundel ; and still additional members of this denomination arriving from Eng-land, Charles County was organized for them a short time afterward. From this time they began to exercise a controlling influence in public affairs. On the overthrow of the royal government and the establishment of the commonwealth in England, their party insisted upon an immediate recognition of the new order of things. The authorities, how-ever, proceeded to proclaim Charles II. But in the next assembly it was found that the Puritans had a majority; and in 1652 commissioners from Eng-land visited Maryland, with whom were associated Clayborne, the old opponent of the proprietary government, and Bennett, the leader of the Puri-tans of Anne Arundel County. They removed Gov. Stone, and completely established the author-ity of the commonwealth. Kent Island was once more delivered up to Clayborne, and he acquired also Palmer Island at the mouth of the Susque-hanna. In 1654 Lord Baltimore made a deter-mined effort to regain possession of the province, and having succeeded reinstated Gov. Stone; but Ben-net and Clayborne, the former of whom was now governor of Virginia, again interfered, and reversed all that Lord Baltimore bad accomplished. They established a commission for the government of the colony, and placed Captain Fuller at its head. Here-upon a civil contest ensued, and hostilities were carried.on by land and water. Providence was at-tacked by the proprietary party, but the Puritans were victorious, and killed or captured the whole invading force. Many of the captives, among whom was Gov. Stone, were condemned to death, and at least four of them were executed. This de-cisive action was fought March 25, 1655. Three years after, however, the power of the proprietary was restored, and his brother Philip Calvert ap-pointed governor. This shows how futile would have been any effort on the part of the papists to have established Romanism in Maryland in the face, not only of the prohibition of the charter, but in opposition to opposing sects which were more than a match for the Catholics. As we have before re-marked in these columns, Maryland does not even now enjoy religious liberty, but only religious toleration, and that was granted by the legislature composed not wholly of papists, as many imagine, but of papists and Puritans, as a compromise to which both parties were driven by fear of each other. C. P. B. Representative Religious Petitions Again in Congress. ON October 13, Mr. Bowers, of Califor-nia, addressed the House upon this same question of Church exclusion, from the debate on which quotations were made in last week's issue,-and to put a keen edge upon his criticism of the religious influ-ence which had been brought to bear, referred to the persecution of seventh-day observers in Arkansas, reading from the speech of Senator Crockett in their de-fense,Šcontinuing from this the Record contains the following:Š MR. STOCKDALE. They were punished for work-ing on Sunday, were they not, and not for wor-shiping God ? MR. BOWERS, of California. Well, why should you punish them for that? What is the command-ment " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," and "on the seventh thou shalt not do any work." We do not know when the world was created. No man knows. But I will tell you what I do know. You may not like the Jews; I like them; there are a lot of good fellows among them, good friends of mine. You may not like them, but there is one thing you will all admit, they are an intelligent people, and in eighteen hundred years they have kept their reckoning and they observe the Sabbath day that Christ observed, and you put American citizens in prison for doing it, for keep-ing faithfully one of the ten commandments. [Laughter.] Now, when you talk about this being a Christian land, I will give you some more instances to digest. In the State of Tennessee some Seventh-day Baptists Šand every one who knows anything about them knows that they are a good, honest peopleŠwere working in their own field, after observing the Sabbath day which Christ kept, and they were arrested because they were at work plowing in 