*6 Vol.. 10. No. 5. Roman Catholic priests, as members of the " mystical body of Christ," " in mu-tual love and respect," " to carry on " " our mutual work' ! Shades of Froths-tantism, of Wycliffe, Martin Luther, John Knox and John Wesley! The founders of every one of the Protestant churches here represented, boldly and scripturally declared that the Roman Catholic Church is 'the anti-Christ of Scripture. The Roman Catholic Church, a part of the "mystic body of Christ "! Where then is anti-Christ ? Catholic and Protestant ministers uniting to " protect and assist each other " in " our mutual work "! Has it come to this, that Protestant churches have become so blinded by a false charity that they can unite to pro-tect each other in a " mutual work " with the " " papal churchŠ" drunk with the blood of the saints " ? There is no "mutual work" between true Protestant-ism and the papacy. "Be ye not un-equally yoked together with unbelievers : for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness ? and what commun-ion hath light with darkness ? And what concord hath Christ with Belial ? " 2 Cor. 6: 14, 15. Philip Melancthon, at the Diet of Augs-burg, undertook to unite the Reformation with the Roman Church "in mutual love and respect," with the view to carrying on a " mutual work; " but the God of saints and martyrs used Martin Luther to prevent the fatal compromise, and Luther wrote to Melancthon Ł There can be no concord between Chrisi and Belial. As far as regards me, I will not yield a hair's breadth. Sooner than yield, I should prefer suffering everything, even the most terrible evils.' Writing again, he said :Š I learn that you have begun a marvelous work, namely, to reconcile Luther and the pope; but the pope will not be reconciled, and Luther begs to be excused. And if, in despite of them you succeed in this affair, then after your example I will bring to- gether Christ and Belial.' 6 But popular Protestantism has lost the spirit of the Reformation, and the uncom- promising attitude of the leading Reform-ers so much praised in denominational books of fifty years ago, is now repudiated and their noble work discounted, if not by direct declaration, by an attitude of compromise, with the enemy of the Ref- ormation. And it is just this kind of a confedera-tion of papists and apostate Protestants which the SENTINEL has looked for. We have never expected that there would be an organic union of either the popular Protestant sects, or these sects with the papacy; but we have looked for a confed-eration of papists and so-called Protestants to accomplish certain "mutual work," prominent among which is the enforce-ment of the Roman Catholic Sunday. Already we have seen Cardinal Gibbon's and Archbishop Ireland indorsing peti- tions for Sunday legislation prepared and circulated by the popular Protestant churches. Why is it that Rome refuses to compromise on the dogmas of the church, and yet eagerly joins with these churches in exalting Sunday ?ŠIt is be-cause when Sunday is exalted, the papacy which instituted the Sunday Sabbath, is exalted. When Cardinal Gibbons added his name to the petition for a national Sunday law, he had penned the following 1,D'Auhigne's History of the Reformation, book xiv, chap. t3, Id., chap. 11. words, found on page 111 of his book, " Faith of Our Fathers :Š Is not every Christian obliged to sanctify Sunday, and to abstain on that day from unnecessary servile work ? Is not the observance of this law among the most prominent of our sacred duties ? But you may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctifica-tion of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which we never sanc-tify. And now we venture to predict that one of the first acts of "mutual work" per-formed by this confederacy of the papists and compromising Protestants will be the enforcement of the Sunday institution,Š the badge of the papal beast of prophecy. Ł -4. Ł Courageous Words. UNDER the heading, "That Grand Jury," the Dayton Leader, of Dayton, Tenn., speaks thus of the indictment of Seventh-day Adventists by the Grand Jury of Rhea County A more or less esteemed critic asserts that it is be-cause of its sympathy for the Seventh-day Adventists that the Le  Iter protests against the indictment mania with which the November grand jury was afflicted. Our more or less esteemed critic is partially correct, but he does not go far enough. The Leader has the utmost sympathy for any men who are persecuted by the courts because of their religion, or to gratify private spite. The Seventh-day Adventists are as sincere in their religious faith as those who differ from.them are in their creeds; they are industrious, useful citizens who enjoy the esteem and friendship of their neighbors of other doctrines, and there is no other class of people in Tennessee who evince a more law-abiding spirit in precept and prac-tice outside of this Sunday non-observance feature of their religion. In this free country, where religious liberty is a fundamental principle of our Government, it is too late in the day to commence persecuting peo-ple because of their religious faith. But that pure and immaculate Sunday champion, Wright Rains, and the grand jury who gratified his private spite, allege that the indictments against the Seventh-day Adventists were found because of their violation of the Sunday law, and not on account of their religion. It is unfortunate that the facts do not sustain this view of the subject. If the grand jury was actuated with only zealous regard for the violated Sabbath law, why did they go all the way to Grays-ville, five miles away, to find about twenty indict-ments against Seventh-day Adventists, when they , could have found over five hundred men right here in Dayton who labor every Sunday as hard as they do any other day in the week. These five hundred em-ployes of the Dayton Coal and Iron Co., who are not Seventh-day Adventists, were not molested because of their Sunday lawlessness, while the Adventists down at Graysville must answer to a score of indict-ments for Sabbath-breaking. And the grand jury cannot excuse itself on the plea that its man, Wright Rains, did not act as guardian angel of the Dayton Sabbath, because every man on the grand jury knew that the company's men work every Sunday, and the jury could have summoned witnesses to testify on that point. It would have been an easy matter to secure proof to find a cord of indictments against Mr. Jamme and his employes. Noiv, why did the grand jury evince such partiality ? There can be but one answer. The Seventh-day Adventists were persecutedŠor, in-dicted, if you pleaseŠsimply because of their relig-ion; and it furnishes the most disgraceful exhibition of grand jury partiality and religious intolerance ever displayed in Rhea County. Why, the Leader will bet Henry Clay Evans' chances of being governor of Tennessee against the halo of glory that glows around the Sabbath-defending head of Wright Rains, that every last mother's son of those thirteen grand jurymen violate the Sunday-observance law, either in spirit or letter, fifty-two times in the year, at least. This blue law business can be carried too far. The Leader believes that when the Saviour roasted the Wright Rainses of ancient Palestine and proclaimed that " the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath," he knew what he was talk-ing about. But, if our November grand jury had lived in Judea at that time, doubtless they would have indicted the Saviour and his disciples for plucking those ears of corn on Sunday,' just to gratify the malice of some Pharisaical Wright Rains. But, aside from the Seventh-day Adventists who The Leader does not here mean to carry the idea that Jesus was persecuted for plucking the corn on Sunday, the first day of the week, but uses the term Sunday in the careless modern sense as synonymous with the word Wphath.ŠED,  were.made the victims of grand jury religious intoler-ance, the Leader has the utmost sympathy for the large number of others who were indicted on the most frivolous pretexts to gratify personal malice. In these hard times it is both cruel and inhuman to put poor people to unnecessary expense in defending themselves from malicious and uncalled-for private spite indict-ments. found on the most flimsy grounds, and it is nothing short of an infamous outrage to make our county and our courts parties to such monstrous in-justice. Here is another evidence of what the SENTINEL has repeatedly stated, i. e., that the persecution of seventh-day observers in Tennessee is condemned by many influ-ential citizens of the State. Ignorant or Traitorous, Which ? THE Christian Statesman, the spokes-man of the National Reform Association, Šthat organization which gave birth to, and faithfully fostered that un-American combination of popular Protestantism, which forced from the Congress of, the United States, in 1892, the first distinctive religious legislation ever enacted by our National Legislature,Šhas something to Say in its issue of January 12, on the Roman Catholic question, that will interest our readers. In order that we may get the point in question quickly and sharply before the reader, we will print in parallel columns several utterances of the Statesman, to-gether with the one referred to :- 1884. Ł 1894 & 1895. This common interest It becomes us, Ameri- ple in the legal enforce- ance] ought to strengthen ment of Sunday observ- [interest of religious peo-* ing with mighty energy to the secret plottings of this political church [Roman Catholic]. They are striv-cans, to look at once into gain control of the whole both our determination to Government of America, work and our readiness to National and State, as well cooperate with our Roman as municipal. The asser-Catholic fellow-citizens. tion is ventured without We may be subjected to much fear of mistake, that they have already suc-some rebuffs in our first ceeded to an extent that if proffers, for the time is it were known to the peo-not yet come when the ple, would turn our faces Roman Church will strike white with fear and wrath. ŠChristian Statesman., hands with other churches, Sept. 1, 1894. as such; but the time has This system [Roman come to make repeated Catholic]. is one of the advances and gladly ac-  gravest dangers threaten-cept cooperation in any ing our land to-day. Fi- delity to the cause of form in which they may Christian civil government be willing to exhibit it. demands that this enemy It is one of the necessities of our civil and religiout of the situation.ŠChris- liberties shall be vigilantly opposed. Our readers Han Statesman, Aug. 31, would do well to obtain a 1884. book, to which we call at- Whenever they [Roman tention in another column Catholics] are willing to Š"Romanism Analyzed." cooperate in resisting the This gives a comprehen-sive view of the system progress of .00litical athe-  which has been of neces-ism, we will gladly join sity a curse to every land hands with them.ŠChris- where it has prevailed.Štian Statesman, Dec. 11, Christian Statesman, Jan. 12, 1895. 1884. Question : Were the leaders of the " National Reform" element ignorant, in 1884, of the character and aims of the Roman Catholic system ? It cannot beŁ that they were, for they are D. D.'s and LL. D.'s, and.  are men with gray hairs. More than that, they are Covenanters, and who, if not a Covenanter, ought to know what that system has done to crush liberty ? That they did know is apparent from the expression, " It is one of the necessities of the situation." We are, therefore impelled to the conclusion that; the managers of the movement to secure the control of the National Government in the interests of enforced Sunday ob 