442 AMERICAN SENTINEL. fined $5 also. He said he was a Hebrew and closed up on Saturday, but this had no effect, and he gave notice of appeal. Three other men were forgiven by Wardle on their promising to close up on Sundays hereafter. A public sentiment developed later that caused Wardle to ask that all the fines imposed be remitted. Tea vs. Pure Water. THE Union Signal, in a report of the "Tea Saloon" experiment started by the United States Church Army, says thatŠ "Colonel Henry H. Hadley, director of the Church Army, having experimented with coffee bars most suc-cessfully for two years, feels certain that the tea saloon will succeed not only because heart and soul, from the highest standpoint, are consecrated to the work, but because it is thoroughly practical. His argument is that 'tea builds upŠalcohol burns up; tea quenches thirstŠbeer starts a thirst.' " One would almost get the idea from this that tea is a superior beverage over that which the Creator made for the first human pair in Eden. If tea is a better bev-erage than pure, cold water, then the wisdom of the Creator is certainly open to doubt. No; the best beverageŠincomparably the bestŠever made, to quench thirst and promote health, is pure water. Whiskey is the worst beverage ever invented, and in discarding this, why not supply its place with the best beverage, so that the drinker will most quickly and surely reap the benefit of the change? The U. S. Government Supporting the Church. A REPORT from the Philippines states that already in that country the Catholic Church is receiving support from the Government of the United States. This report appeared in the New York World, and is declared to come from a credible source of information. It says:Š "Already the United States is subsidizing the Catho-lic Church in the Philippines. This is one of the sinister necessities of our entanglement. Abolish priestly rule there and nothing is left to differentiate the Filipinos from the savages. The maintenance of this church, con-trary to every principle of our Constitution, must be continued if we are to remain. The friars have fled, but the seculars remain and are an indispensable element in preventing utter chaos in the islands." And of course, if the Catholic Church is indispensable in the Philippines, it is indispensable in Cuba and Porto Rico. But now that the principles of the Constitution have been abandoned, and the doctrine of government by consent of the governed repudiated, why should the Constitution be expected to stand as a barrier to the support of that church in these islands, by the funds of the Government? `Sabbath Observance" at the Christian Endeavor, Convention. "SABBATH observance" at the International Conven-tion of Christian Endeavorers, recently held at Detroit, Mich., was an incidental, rather than a main, feature. The national reformers did not appear to be specially active, and none of their prominent official representa-tives took part in the deliberations of the convention. Doubtless they felt it quite unnecessary to do so as the organization seems already quite fully committed to, and in harmony with, the uuscriptural and undemo-cratic theories advocated by the promoters of religious legislation. In the general services held in the immense audience tents on the Endeavor grounds no session was devoted to the subject of Sunday observance, but a meeting of this character was held Sunday afternoon at one of the -fashionable churches on Woodland avenue, and though other meetings were being, held at the same hour, the church in which Ł as held was crowded almost to suffo-cation. This meeting was presided over by Mr. William Shaw, of Boston, treasurer of the United Society of Christian Endeavor. Mr. Shaw seemed very earnest in his advocacy of the strict enforcement of Sunday ob-servance, as is indicated by the somewhat curt remark to which he gave utterance when a few people ventured to leave the church during a brief interim between two of the speeches:Š "Next to breaking the Sabbath, I think the meanest thing you can do is to break up a meeting. Now I want not another man, woman or child to leave this room until the meeting is over, unless you are sick, and if you are, just stay right in your seats and we will have the ushers carry you out so we will know it is a genuine case. I have made myself clear, haven't I?" The first speaker at this meeting was Rev. David McAllister, D. D., LL. D., of Allegheny, Pa., who dis-cussed the subject "The Sabbath in the Home." After asking the entire audience to repeat the fourth com-mandment of the Decalogue, which specifically enjoins the observance of the seventh day of the week as the "Sabbath of the Lord thy God," he proceeded to show how people ought to observe the first day of the week, which God has never hallowed or ordained as a Sabbath for man. Among other things he said:Š "Sabbath is an institution of God, made for man's goodŠfor the good of the whole man, in body, mind and soul. You haven't a whole man if you lose one of those elements.' It was made for all men, not for the Jew alone, but for all peoples. We, speak of the Puritan Sabbath, the British Sabbath, the American Sabbath. What we mean is the Lord's Sabbath, which was given to all men. "It is to the Sabbath-keeping homes of the Coven-anter, the Netherlander, and the early Pilgrim fathers that we owe all honor for the blessed privileges we now 