THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 141 worship, by families and nations, the more they are prospered." Notice, it must be "kept as a day for rest and worship," and by the Nation as well as by the family. Doctor Crafts and Joseph Cook agree with this sentiment precisely, and so do all the other leaders of the Sunday-law movement. Well, how must people use Sunday in order that it may be "kept as a day for rest and worship" ? Mrs. Bateham answers :Š " We want it for the purposes for which God de-signed it when he bade us keep it holy, not for frivol-ity and amusement, not for sleep and idleness, not for the Sunday newspaper with its demoralizing litera-ture, but for reading which is elevating and improv-ing, including the word of God, and for attendance upon church services ; a practice which I believe does more than almost anything else to insure prosperity in this world and happiness in the next." Dr, R. 0. Post, at the Illinois State Sunday-law Convention for 1888, said " There is no kind of recreation that is proper or profitable on Sunday, outside of the home or the sanctuary." Now let us put this argument together :- 1. The only kind of Sabbath observance that amounts to anything, or is at all satisfactory, is that which regards it "as a day for rest and wor-ship." "The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve it as a day of worship," says Joseph Cook. 2. Senator Blair's Sunday-Rest bill "is in the main entirely satisfactory" to Mrs. Bateham and her co-laborers. 3. Therefore the spirit and intent of that bill must be to secure worship as well as rest, because that is the only kind of observance that is "entirely satisfactory." And Mrs. Bateham tells us that this includes "reading which is elevating and improv-ing, including the word of God," and "attendance upon church services." If they will work to secure an amendment of the Constitution, the purpose of which is to main-tain religious instruction in the public schools, and then compel all the children in the land to attend these schools to receive this instruction, why should they not compel them to attend church on Sunday and receive- a little more of that same kind of instruction ? Most assuredly they will. And if they will compel the children, why not the parents? Don't the parents need moral and religious instruction as much as the children? If it is the duty of the State to take in hand the moral and religious training of her children, as a matter of civil policy, to insure her own preservation and prosperity in this world, is it not as clearly her duty to see that the parents are cared for in this same respect? This is the way they will reason. Senator Blair's Sunday bill is to "be construed, so far as possible," in such a way as "to secure to the whole people . . . their mental and moral culture" on Sunday, and no one need tell us that they will not so construe it. But how are they going to attend to the moral culture of the people on Sunday unless the people go to the places provided for moral culture? To say that the spirit of the Blair Sunday bill enforces church attendance would be but a slight trespass upon language compared with the claim that the fourth commandment enjoins Sunday-keeping. The more they deny that the prime object of all Sunday laws is to help the church, and to get people to church, the more do they expose the hypocrisy of their scheme. They claim that the State has a .right to enforce any measure which  will insure prosperity in this world, and Mrs. Bateham says, "Attendance upon church services [is] a practice which I believe does more than al-most anything else to insure prosperity in this world." What, then, is to hinder them from compelling people to go to church as soon as they get the power in their hands? Just nothing at all. If they believe it is right to attend church, they will have no trouble to persuade themselves that everybody ought to be compelled by law to do it. Here is their principle:Š " To compel men to do wrong, of course is wrong ; but to compel them to do right, is right."ŠPope Pel-agius, A. D. 556. The Blair Sunday-Rest bill and religious amendment contain every feature necessary to the establishment of a religious despotism in these United States. That the leaders in this move-ment are determined to succeed, and to make these laws " effective " does not admit of a doubt. If the laws in some of the States are to be made any more " effective" than they have already been, may Heaven protect from the fiendish persecu-tions of their bigoted inquisitors the poor Chris-tian souls who, with Elijah and Daniel, Christ and his apostles, the prophets of the old dispen-sation, and the martyrs of the new, dare to serve God according to the dictates of their own con-sciences, and refuse to bear allegiance in the realm of morals and religion to any king but God. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Some Inconsistencies of National Re- form. IF the future work of National Reformers fol-lows in the line indicated by their present utter-ances, it will present to the world one of the sublimest spectacles of inconsistency witnessed by modern times. One of the secretaries of the National Reform Association, Rev. M. A. Gault, in a decree -against those who dissent from his theories, says :Š " Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral [di-vine] law and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it" (i. e., the divine law.) This is a "remedy" which possibly, like many other so-called remedies, would only aggravate the disease. Does Mr. Gault mean to assert that should the Government grant the National Re-formers license to dose out their "remedy," all will thereby be made righteous, and thus the millennium begin? This must be his thought, for the Bible says, " It shall be our righteous-ness, if we observe to do all these commandments before the Lord our God, as he hath commanded us." Deut. 6:25. Now one of those command-ments says, "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain." Jesus says, " Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." Matt. 12: 34. Then if a man blasphemes, it is because he has it in his heart. So then if this proposed "remedy" effects a cure for the man, it must change his heart. Again, we are warned against the Joss-house and its idol worship. "The Government must establish a standard of religion or admit anything that is called religion," and then " lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." The first commandment says, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me." Paul says, " Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affec-tion, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry." Col. 3:5. Now, we are exceedingly  anxious to know how these doctors are going to apply their "remedy " to that particular form of idolatry which Paul warns against? A man does not "conform" to God's law when he covets; he is an idolater, and violates not only the tenth precept but also the first. Do these men mean what they say? If they do, then they design to invent some means by which to control men's thoughts. If the patent has not run out perhaps Rome will loan them her inquisitorial machine, and although a little rusty from recent disuse, it would be an excellent appli-ance in the administration of their "remedy." To be consistent, National Reformers should adopt this Papal plan as the most efficient process for the prohibition of free thought that has ever yet been devised. Let us glance further to see the consistency of enforcing upon the citizens of the United States obedience to God's law. Paul says, "The carnal mind is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Rom. 8:7. Are not the great mass of citizens of the United States carnally minded ?ŠYes ; and this is stating the case very mildly. Very well ; then they can't " conform " to the law of God till they are converted and possess the Spirit of God. So these doctors, in their arrogant assumptions, have set themselves about the huge task of accomplishing an impossi- bility. 0 consistency! thou art a precious jewel, but as yet undiscovered in the realm of National Reform. The gospel of Jesus Christ is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth. Rom. 1:16. The good result of obedience to God's law can be secured only by faith, not by force. If the righteousness of the people is what the National Reformers indeed seek, why do they not apply the Lord's remedy, and not their own? The fact that they utterly repudiated Hon. Mr. McDougal's speech recommending to them the gospel for "malefic influences" is evi-dence that that is not what they seek; they want power, civil power, to enforce their "remedy." " State and religion" is what they want, says Jonathan Edwards, and he continues, we " are going to have it." It must come, says M. A. Gault, though the terrors of the "sword and the bullet" become agents in its accomplishment. Is it possible that the sentiments of this Jesuitical order are about to be crystallized into American fundamental law? Where are the champions of American rights ? Let them herald the note of warning with trumpet tones, and let all true citi-zens realize that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." E. E. MARVIN. Invites Malice and Tyranny. I REGARD the Blair Sunday bill as a distinct attempt to enforce by legislation the observance of Sunday, not merely as a day of rest, but as a day of religious worship. This fact, which is veiled in the opening clause of the bill, becomes apparent in the closing section. It is a piece of religious legislation, and being such is unconstitu-tional. Even were it designed to secure only the civil observance of the day, it is inexcusably faulty, since it in no adequate way defines what specific acts or classes of acts are violations of the law, but leaves it to the complaining witness to declare whether or not he has been "dis-turbed." This invites malice and tyranny. The wording of the bill is so vague as to per-mit it to be construed most arbitrarily and tyran-nously. It is manifestly oppressive upon two 