THE SENTINEL OF'LIBERTY. 311 ment detach itself from the skin of the parchment, and alone fasten itself upon these new territories ? * * * "The argument, much repeated, that if the national.  Government of the United States has not the power to deal with these new territories untrammeled by the Constitution, its power is less than that possessed by the other governments of the civilized world is admit-ted. It proves nothing. The national Government of the United States is one of very limited powers. In respect to its own people, in its entire domain, and generally, except in nations, and concerning matters expressly committed to it by the Constitution, its powers are much less than that possessed by other gov-ernments. No one will dispute this. "The national Government of the United States was created, and its powers and jurisdiction granted and limited by the federal Constitution. Its powers can only be increased by amendment of that instrument. * * * "The power of the general Government to acquire additional territory rests upon its Constitutional power to make war, which may result in conquest, and its like power to make treaties, which may bring terri-tory by cession. The power to govern such acquired territory results from the power to admit new states and to make all needful rules and regulations respect-ing the territory or other property belonging to the United States. * * * "The novel doctrine that the power of Congress to govern territory ceded to the United States may be conferred by a foreign sovereign, by and through the terms of the treaty of cession, and that the general Government can exercise powers thus granted by a foreign sovereign, independent of and in disregard of the Constitution, until Congress, mayhap in the future, shall by its enactment see fit to extend the Constitu-tion over the territory, is contrary to the holding of the Supreme Court of the United States above cited, to the effect that the general Government is one of enum-erated powers and can claim and exercise no power not granted to it by the Constitution, either expressly or by necessary implication. It is clear that the general Government cannot legislate over territory where the Constitution from which its every power is derived does not extend. The Constitution must be in force over a territory before the general Government can have any authority to legislate respecting it. No for-eign sovereign can invest the general Government with any legislative power. * * * "The plain, obvious and undeniable fact is that the general Government of the United States, created by the Constitution, and possessing no vitality or power not directly drawn from that instrument, can only exist and legislate where that Constitution is in force; and that every tract of territory that comes  under the sovereignty of the United States comes nec-essarily under that Constitution, which alone gives life to that sovereignty, and beyond which that sovereignty must cease. * * * "Further discussion or citation of authorities upon this branch of the case seems to me to be needless. It must be held that upon the cession by Spain to the United States of the Island of Puerto Rico, that island became a part of the dominion of the United States, as much so as is Arizona or Minnesota; and that the Constitution of the United States, ex propria vigore, at once extended over that island ; and that this exten-sion of the Constitution gave Congress, whose every power must come from that instrument, the authority to legislate in respect to that island as a part of the United States territory. "It follows that all the provisions of the Constitu-tion in respect to personal and property rights, includ-ing the right to trial by jury in criminal prosecutions, became at once, when the cession was completed, a part of the supreme law of the land." s. A recently published letter from Manila states that early in April the Jesuits distributed a pamphlet in that city, in which is set forth the "truths which Christians must observe." Among the things most strongly con-demned by the Jesuits in this pamphlet are religious tolerance and recognition of civil marriage. Conse-quently this act of the Jesuits is considered by many to be an attack upon the American administration. The pamphlet in question says : "The commands of the church must be obeyed in the same manner as the law of God. "You must subject your own judgment to that of the church, and think exactly as the church thinks, for the church cannot be overcome. "You must reject and condemn the Masonic sect, so frequently rejected and condemned by the Supreme Pontiffs. "You must reject and condemn liberty of worship, liberty of the press, liberty of thought, and the other liberties of perdition condemned and rejected by the church. "You must also reject and condemn liberalism, and also modern progress and civilization, as being false progress and false civilization. "You must utterly abominate civil marriage." The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church convened in St. Louis on the 17th inst. The para-mount question to be considered is the revision of the Westminster Confession of Faith. Amending a creed is not an easy task and it is by no means certain that the advocates of revision will be able to muster suffi-cient votes to make the desired change. 