"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MARCH 8, 1894. NUMBER 10. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. A SSOCII ATI/ (14',AiliAATAPTIANivr.R.1117;AIR:sN: THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is Christian. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is Protestant. AND the AMERICAN SENTINEL is Amer-ican. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is therefore everlastingly and uncompromisingly op-posed to every element and every principle of the papacy wherever, and in whatever guise, it may appear. AND being Christian, Protestant, and American, the opposition of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to the papacy, whether in the guise of a professed Protestantism or in her own proper dress, always has been, and always will be, conducted upon strictly Christian, Protestant and American prin-ciples. THIS subject of opposition to the papacy in the United States needs to be very care-fully studied, lest it be done in such a way as to really help her instead of hindering her. The papacy needs to be opposed and must be opposed in her designs upon the United States and the world as well as in every other thing. But this opposition, to avail anything, must be made upon right principles and must be conducted in the right way. --*-- IF opposition to the papacy be conducted upon unchristian principles, it will only increase her antichristian power and in-fluence. If this opposition be conducted upon unprotestant principles the only effect will be to make more widespread the influence of Catholicism. The papacy is un-American, it is true, but if opposi-tion to her is conducted on un-American principles her un-American power and influence is only increased, her hold upon the country is more confirmed, and her taking possession of the country is only hastened. THEREFORE it is that this question of  opposing the papacy requires the most careful thought upon the part of all who would engage in it, lest they be found really aiding her while professedly oppos-ing her, and while really intending to oppose her. This is true in the case at any time, because of the exceeding sub-tlety of her workings; but now it is doubly true, because, in addition to the subtlety of her workings, she has, as we showed last week, such a clear field and such an immense advantage in every way, for the carrying forward of her avowed purpose to possess America for herself. IT has been seriously proposed to dis-franchise Catholics in the United States who will not renounce allegiance to the pope. But this could never be done on any American principle. The Catholic's alle-giance to the pope is a religious matterŠit is a spiritual thing. And to deny or curtail political right on account of reli-gious profession is clearly and entirely un-American. It is a fundamental prin-ciple, as well as a constitutional provision, of the Government of the United States, that religious profession shall never have any bearing upon civil rights or political qualifications. To the Catholic the pope is in the place of God, and is the repre-sentative of God : he believes that allegi-ance to the pope is allegiance to God. And it is in this sense that the Catholic professes and holds allegiance to the pope. This cannot fairly be denied. His allegi-ance to the pope is therefore a religious thing, it is a religious profession, and is to him an essential part of his worship as to God. And to propose to abridge his political rights on account of his allegi-ance to the pope, is therefore plainly to deny civil or political right on account of religious profession, and is therefore just as clearly unconstitutional and un-Amer-ican. IT will not do to say in answer to this, although it be perfectly true, that the pope's claims to be the representative of God, or to be God, are a fraud and an imposture, and therefore the Catholic's belief in the pope and his allegiance to him are a fallacy and are indeed really nothing religiously. This is all true, but that does not touch the point here. The Catholic believes and religiously believes  that the pope's claims are genuine, and that his prerogatives are divine: that is the Catholic's religious profession. And the point is that he has the inalienable right to believe thus and to hold this reli-gious profession, without question or mo-lestation from any source or for any cause. It is a fundamental American principle and sound American doctrine, that for " each one to believe for himself and to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience is an inalienable right." And that " our civil rights have no de-pendence on our religious opinions, more than on our opinions in physics or geom-etry; that therefore the proscribing any citizen as unworthy the public confidence by laying upon him an incapacity of being called to the offices of trust and emolu-ment, unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advan-tages to which, in common with his fel-low-citizens, he has a natural right." This, we say, is sound and fundamental American principle and doctrine. And therefore it is clear that any proposition to make the Catholic's allegiance to the pope a test or impediment against any civil or political right is decidedly un-American. Consequently, any such method as that of opposing the papacy in the United States not only will not suc-ceed but will actually aid her, in that it subverts fundamental principles and breaks down constitutional safeguards. And when these are subverted and broken down for any cause whatever, they are subverted and broken down for every causeŠthey are indeed no more, and the nation becomes but the prey of the violent and the most violent take it by force. Such procedure can only hasten the suc-cess and supremacy of the papacy. And therefore the AMERICAN SENTINEL, being American, and opposed to the papacy, can never indorse, nor engage in, any such method of " opposition." BISHOP CoxE proposed another method of " opposition " to the papacy, which is worth notice, not only because it is an example of how not to do it, but because it has been quite widely indorsed. We have given in these columns the bishop's clear statement of the situation as regards 