452 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Doubtless events such as those mentioned by Bishop Fowler are overruled by the Lord for the advance-ment of his cause; but the Bishop has certainly read history to very little purpose if he considers the fir-ing upon Sumter and the blowing up of the Maine as worthy to be compared, in importance and in far-reaching influence, with even such a minor event in the era of the Reformation as the secession from Rome of the English Church under the leadership of Henry VIII. ,The discovery of America, the coming of the Pilgrims to these shores, the giving of the Declaration, of Independence to the world, the adop-tion of the First Amendment to the Constitution were each of .more importance in far-reaching influence upon the religious history of this world than either of the two events cited by Bishop Fowler since the conversion of the ,Apostle Paul. B. Monarchy of under. which the action is sought to be justified. The act of compelling a man to stop his work and remain idle on Sunday could not be an invasion of his rights under one name, if it were not an invasion under every name ; since the act itself, and its effects upon him, remain precisely the same in every case. The admission that it would, be unjust to prohibit work on Sunday save for the alleged civil necessity for such restraint, is fatal to the attempt. to justify the Sunday laws. It is a confession of their. injustice. "Anglo-Saxon Drivel." This is the heading under which the Baltimore News of July 6 prints with brief comment the follow-ing from Bishop Charles H. Fowler, of the Methodist Episcopal Church : "The three greatest missionary events of the Chris-tian era since the crucifixion of Jesus are : First, -the conversion of St. Paul. This opened the door to the Gentiles. This was our chance. Second; the firing on Fort Sumter. This made the great Anglo-Saxon race fit for evangelical uses. Third, ,the blowing up of the Maine. This unified the great Anglo-Saxon race, and sent us out about our work. It melted the American elements in the furnace of war and made all Americans one. The grandson of General Grant and the nephew of General Lee marched side by, side under one flag and against a common ,enemy. It fused the American and English branches of this race. The errand of the united Anglo-Saxon race is to keep the world's peace. Together they police the seas and prevent the other nations from fighting. It soon will be true that not a soldier will lift his foot unless the command is given in the English, language." The News does not vouch for the correctness of this report, but says if the Bishop "is correctly re-ported, he has been beating the record in that preach-ing of 'pernicious nonsense' on Anglo-Saxonism which has been so conspicuous a feature in English and American quarters since the outbreak of our war with Spain." "Between the conversion of St. Paul, then," says the News, "and the firing on Fort Sumter, the world's history was, from the 'missionary' point of view, comparatively a blank. The incursion of the barbarians and the conquest of Rome, the.  creation of the Papacy and the Holy Roman Empire, Charle-magne, the Crusades, the Norman Conquest, the Pro-testant ReformationŠall these were of no conse-quence in comparison with the firing on Fort Sumter and the sinking of the Maine." It may be that the Bishop was not correctly re-ported, or that the connection would greatly modify that which standing alone is certainly not inaptly styled "drivel." But be this as it may, there is alto-gether too much of a looking away from spiritual to material things to-day on the part of the church. A, Tale of Two Nations Š The the Master. Christ came 'to his own and his own received him not. He came as a prince, king, monarch. He came preaching the gospel of his kingdom, Impatiently all his people watched him, expecting every moment that he would issue a proclamation declaring himself king, and calling upon the Jews to flock to his standard. Breathlessly they awaited the gladsome hour when he would demand their alle-giance and rally their carnal weapons to the support of his claims to the headship of a universal monarchy. But how vastly, how infinitely different, was the monarchy, of the Master. To that pure and holy One the power of earthly governments was a thing to be rejected and despised. Beautifully have the feelings of the Lord upon this great theme been depicted by the late Thomas Hewlings Stockton: "There was, one sacrifice too great for Christ to make : He was willing to leave the throne of the uni-verse for the manger of Bethlehem ; willing to grow up as the son of a poor carpenter; willing to be called the friend of publicans and sinners; willing to be watched by jealous eyes, and slandered by lying tongues, and hated by murderous hearts, and betrayed by friendly hands, and denied by pledged lips, and rejected by apostate priests and deluded populace and cowardly princes ; willing to be sentenced to the cross and bleed and groan. But he was not willing to wear an earthly crown or robe, or wield an earthly sceptre, or exercise earthly rule. That would have been too great a sacrifice ! He did, indeed, endure the crown of thorns, and the cast-off purple and the reed, and the cry, 'Hail, King of the Jews !' but this was merely because he preferred the mockery to the real-ity ; so pouring infinite contempt on the one, not only by rejecting it in the beginning of his ministry, but also by accepting the other at its close." He came as king; he came to a race of rebels in insurrection against his rule, but he came not to 