436 AMERICAN SENTINEL: Of course, republican Rome did not go the full length at a plunge. She began in genuine "republican simpli- city." Indeed, "the governor was bound by law to ad- minister his office with republican honesty and frugal-ity." Accordingly, "Cato, when governor of Sardinia, appeared in the towns subject to him on foot and at-tended by a single servant who carried his coat and sac- ificial ladle; and, when he returned from his Spanish governorship, he sold his war-horse beforehand, because he did not hold himself entitled to charge the State with the expenses of its transport." But, "The new provincial system necessirated the appointment of governors, whose position was absolutely incompatible, not only with the welfare of the provinces, but with the Roman Constitution. As the Roman com-munity in the provinces took the place of the former rulers of the land, so the governor appeared there in the position of a king.," "But it is not practicable for any length of time to be at once republican and king. Play-ing the part of governors demoralized the Roman ruling class with fearful rapidity. Haughtiness and arrogance toward the provincials were so natural in the circum-stances, as scarcely to form matter of reproach against the individual magistrate."ŠMommsen Now read the following analysis by Harper' s Weekly, of what will be the governing power in the colonial pos-sessions, which by the present war, are being almost forced under the authority or the protectorate of the American republic:Š "There is no doubt as to the power of Congress to acquire territory. The power to declare war and the power to make treaties imply the power to acquire terri-tory. There is no one who questions its existence. It has been declared over and over again by the Supreme Court. Neither is there any doubt as to the power of Congress to govern territory so acquired. This is ex-pressly granted to Congress in the provision of the Con-stitution which authorizes the legislative branch of the Government to make needful rules and regulations re specting territories. As Justice Bradley said in 'The Late Corporation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints vs. United States': 'It would be absurd to hold that the United States has power to acquire territory and no power to govern it when acquired.' "Nothing, then, can prevent the annexation of terri_ tory that may be acquired in war with Spain or through a treaty of peace; whether a resolution of annexation would hold is another question, which, however. is not likely to be raised. And territory once acquired, it will be governed absolutely by Congress; the President and the regular judiciary having nothing to say in the mat-ter after the organic law establishing the territorial gov-ernment, if such a law be passed, is once in operation. If, however, Congress assumes full control as a local govern-ment, it will be free to do as it willŠto pass one law for one territory and another for another, or to neglect all impartially; while as to the executive and judicial au-thorities of these territories, they will be such men as the politicians of Congress prefer." Thus in this "imperial" career that opens before the republic of the United States, and which the multitude  are insisting that she shall accept, the Congress of the United States will stand exactly in the attitude in which the Senate of the Roman republic stood. And with pol-itics already in this republic, an exact parallel with that in the Roman republic, who can soberly and honestly doubt that the like results will follow here, that followed there, as certainly as this republic allows herself to be drawn into this course of imperialism which now is opened? A. T. J. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY.. IT has seemed the rule among our departments that one very soon called for another; and in giving these items of history I must adopt the method that is often employed by story tellers; breaking suddenly off in one scene- to introduce another for the purpose of maintain-ing the real connection between incidents and revealing the true line of progression. The scheme of departments as it has been perfected leaves them grouped under six general headsŠOrganiza-tion, Prevention, Education, Evangelistic, Social, and Legal. From the beginning the Evangelistic was in the lead of all our methods, as I have endeavored to show in articles already written, and it still remains as the heart and soul of every line of work. We all agree that no de-partment can get on without an intimate relation with the truth as given in the Word of God, and it is generally recognized that the inspiration of every line of work must be from the source of all power, which is the Holy Spirit. In addition to this there is recognized the necessity of correct methods. Each department grew out of some urgent necessity, which arising in some little corner be-came recognized as universal, and as soon as discovered the question would be asked, "What shall we do about it?" and immediately that question would become as uhiversal as the need, and the effort to answer it would engage the attention of the entire body. ' What shall we do?" "How shall we go to work?" "How shall we meet this obstacle?" "How shall we carry forward this important truth?" were always live questions to every white ribboner. Trained workers was one of the earliest necessities realized among us,Šwomen skilled in dealing with souls, in giving practical help of all kinds such as would meet all sorts of needs. It was in the Evangelistic Depart-ment that this necessity first became urgent, and, I think, in '76 or '77 at the Temperance Convocation held at Lake Bluff, Ill., I made the first effort to organize a Training School, at which we discussed principles and methods, as well as needs, and how to bring about the very best application of the one to the other. We began in the little hall which had been erected by the W. C. T. U. of Chicago for their meetings on the As-sembly Grounds. The beginning was small and all the 