400 AMERICAN SENTINEL-. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, JUNE 23, 1898. "EDUCATE, educate, educate." This is the duty call of the hour. OUR next issue will illustrate, by original and specially designed cuts, some very pertinent points in the present status of religious liberty in this country. Extra copies can be had at the regular price. One dollar per hun-dred; $8.00 per thousand. To those of our readers who are deeply interested in the special line of work to which the SENTINEL has been called, but who have not had the privilege of being thoroughly con-versant with it in the past, and to those also who value the SENTINEL for reference and help in their work, we would respectfully call their atten-tion to our "Bound Volume" ad. which appears in this issue of the paper. IT is pointed out by some who de-fend the policy of territorial extension upon which the nation has entered, that the same objections now made against this policy were made when the nation acquired "Louisiana" and other territory on the North American continent. But this comparison loses its force in view of the fact that the present policy is one which will plant the national flag in the midst of the political strifes of the Old World. To keep possession of the Philippine Islands, the United States will need as big an army and navy as if "Uncle Sam" himself were an Old World power. INTERNATIONAL diplomacy was de-fined recently by a well known clergy-man of this city, as being "the art of lying;" and this definition finds sup-port in a statement credited to Bis--marck, that the surest way for one diplomat to deceive another in a matter of international controversy would be to tell him the exact truth.  And yet this diplomacy is considered an indispensable thing by all the powers which are called "Christian." SOME people are so short of time in this world that they are very likely to be eternally short of time in the next. GERMANY has reinforced her naval squadron in the Philippine Islands, and now has a naval force in Manila bay that is considered quite the equal of that under command of Admiral Dewey. This is done; of course, with friendly assurances on the part of Germany; but probably it is nowhere more true than in diplomacy that "actions speak louder than words." THE present war, ostensibly Chris-tian though it be, furnishes illustra-tions of the spirit of war that do not at all differ from those furnished by war in general. A young sailor on the cruiser "Montgomery," writing to a relative in Jersey City, describes a battle with two Spanish gunboats, and makes these illustrative remarks about himself: "I look like a pirate;" "I don't know if we killed any Dons or not, but I hope we did." A victory is always welcome in war; but somehow it is never so welcome to the winning side as when there has been a tremen-dous loss of life on the other side. A JOURNAL of this city quotes Jus-tice Brewer, of the Supreme Court, as the author of a recent decision which for lack of solid ground to stand on, is comparable only to his decision in 1892 affirming that "this is a Chris-tian nation." The case was that of a railway which had entered into a contract with Mercer County, Ky.,to run "through" the county, but had terminated two miles short of the county line. Justice Brewer held that this was to be considered a ful-fillment of its obligation in the mat-ter, and in proof quoted from John Bunyan: "As I walked through the wilderness of this world I lighted on a certain place where there was a den," etc. As Bunyan had not gone from  one end of the wilderness to the other, it followed that to go "through" a place might mean to go only part way from one sideto the other! From this it would appear that the diction-ary is not held at a premium in the Supreme Court. THE Wisconsin W. C. T. U. have droppad the "Department of Sabbath Observance" from their program of work for the coming year. EVERYBODY seems to be agreed that,  the exploit of young Lieutenant Hob-son and his handful of men in Santi-ago harbor is almost beyond praise as an exhibition of courage, skill and patriotism. But precisely what ad-vantage it is to have the harbor of Santiago blocked against a powerful fleet lying outside, and which would quickly terminate the campaign if it could only get at the enemy's forces lying within the harbor, does not seem to be so clear in the public mind. At least nobody seems dis-posed to point it out. IT is reported that Spain has made another appeal to the pope to use his influence in securing peace, by calling for intervention from the Powers of Europe. ROMAN CATHOLIC priests in Mexico are reported to be lending their influ-ence to the cause of Spain. The Cath-olic clergy are generally favorable to Spain outside of the United States. UncoNscious influence is the most powerful influence. Both individuals and nations make a failure of trying to be influential. A NEW CATALOGUE Of all Our publi-cations, circulars of our new line of Combination Family Bibles, and- a fine circular showing full-size illustra-tions of Our SENTINEL Premium Bible, both closed and open, will be sent to any one sending their, name and ad-dress together with a 2-cent stamp. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO. 39 Bond St., N. Y. 