376 A TVIIETELIECA.N SINTJPIIN   IVY. e Vol.. 8, No. 47. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 80, 1893. 12r's ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invariŁ able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is said that the reading of the Bible in the public schools has become a local political issue in Cincinnati. IN the case of Geo. W. Marvel,convicted of Sunday labor and committed to jail, at Centreville, Maryland, the fine and costs, amounting to about twenty-six dollars, have been paid by Samuel Marvel, the son, who was both prosecuting witness and the constable who made the arrest. The father has been by this means released from imprisonment. Isaac Baker and Mil-ton Bryan remain in confinement. THE United Presbyterian remarks that " the Faribault compromise on the school question worked fairly well as long as the schools remained in fact Catholic, but when the directors elected two Protestant teachers, the Catholic priest announced to the board that the agreement was at an end. So Rome ordered." And so Rome always has ordered when such "compro-mises" have served her purpose. ON Sunday, Nov. 19, over eighty arrests were made in Philadelphia for violation of the Sunday liquor law. The warrants were sworn out by agents of the Law and Or-der Society, who had personally secured evidence. This is supposed to be moral reform, but its puerility is only equalled by its futility. The liquor business should be suppressed on all days, but this is not the purpose of such arrests as these. Such arrests as these are not made with the in-tent to reduce or suppress liquor selling, but to vindicate the right of civil officers to enforce an ordinance of municipal reli-gion. THE Christian Statesman thus bemoans the fact that many Sunday " Christians," themselves disregarded the Sabbatic claims of that day, in order to visit the World's Fair:Š Some very sad and suggestive statistics come to us from a town in Iowa (which we have no reason to suppose are not representative rather than ex-ceptional) in regard to the use of Sunday trains by Christians in going to and returning from the World's Fair. On the Sabbath preceding "Chicago Day—" which was Monday, when rates were low and inducements high, a leading deacon of one of the churches and several members of the church he was appointed to lead aright took the Sunday train for Chicago. Many other Christians of the town started Saturday night and reached Chicago on Sabbath morning. Other Christians of the same town started for home on Saturday night and arrived on Sabbath morning. Among the above offenders against divine and human and humane laws, were four members of an elder's familyŠall church members. Of twenty-three members of one church that went to the Fair, eight used Sun- day trains, all but one of whom had petitioned against Sunday opening. Many of those who thus offended were also members of the young people's societies of the churches. It is not to be presumed that Iowa Sun-day " Christians " are worse than their fellows in other States; hence we must conclude from the facts given in the Statesman that one-third of all the peti-tioners for Sunday-closing were moved to so petition by caprice and not by prin-ciple; for when opportunity offered to save a paltry sum by visiting the Fair on a certain day they did not scruple to travel on Sunday to do it. After closing the Fair to others on Sunday, they them-selves travelled on that day in order to see the show on Monday ! THE piecemeal conquest of California by the Sunday legislationists still goes on. The latest place to surrender is San Ber-nardino. A news item says:Š On Sunday, November 5, the ordinance closing all stores, save bakeries, drug stores and news stands, in San Bernardino, Cal., became operative, and the city took on the appearance of a quiet, modern town of rest. Thus about the last vestige of the mining camp and frontier town has been legislated out of existence, and San Bernardino will no longer be spoken of as " the place to go to spend Sunday if you want to have a lively time." When a large proportion of the munici-palities within the State are furnished with a full complement of Sunday ordi-nances, then it will be a comparatively simple matter to secure the passage of Sunday statutes by the legislature. A LARGE amount of Mormon Church property confiscated some time since has been restored to the church through the joint action of Congress and the Supreme Court of Utah. The Sun of this city, re-marks that "this is an act of justice, and yet the seizure of the property was not un-just." The reason for this paradoxical statement is thus given by the Sun:Š When it was seized, the Mormons, who had pre-viously made war upon the Government, stood in an attitude of defiance toward it, while for years past they have been both peaceful and completely submissive to the laws of the country. They have not now any grievance, and there is not any com-plaint pending against them. Mormonism has ceased to be law-defying. It has undergone other changes. It is not a public enemy, as it was forty years ago. This is a very different statement of the case from that made to the courts at the time of the confiscation. The reason as-signed then for the seizure was that the Mormon Church had accumulated property far in excess of its charter limit. If this was not the true reason, but the property was in fact taken merely upon a pretext for the purpose of punishing the whole Mor-mon Church for the acts of individual mem-bers, has not a dangerous precedent been established ? As we have several times shown in these columns, the Government properly prohibits polygamy, because it is an invasion of natural rights, but to under-take to change the policy of a church by confiscation of its property is, it strikes us, quite another thing. As shown in a reprinted paragraph, from the New York Independent, on another page, some Protestant denominations are very loath to give up the union with the State which they have secured in Govern-ment appropriations for their Indian schools. This is evidence, and it has been evident from the beginning, that the ob-jections of the Protestant churches to Government appropriations for sectarian schools has not been because of opposition to State support of religion on principle, but because the Roman Catholic denomi-nation was receiving the lion's share of the money. There seems to be no likelihood that the Catholic hand will be taken from the people's pocket, and so long as it re-mains there these Protestant denomi-nations, being without conscientious scru-ples in the matter, see no reason why they should refuse a share in the spoils, though it be humiliatingly small. Rather than receive nothing the Protestant churches are willing to be the jackal herd which follows the successful beast of prey that they may feed upon the surplus left from its feasts. FROM one standpoint it certainly be-hooves France to keep on good terms with the Pope;  for it is stated that of the 2,000, 000 foreigners found by the recent census to be living in France, 800,000 have re-ceived a military education and belong to the reserve in their respective countries. More than 350, 000 are Italians, and no doubt very largely Roman Catholics, who,  in case of war would, at the bidding of the Pope, at once array themselves against the country which now affords them shelter. JUST as this paper is being closed up, we are in receipt of news of the arrest of two Seventh-day Adventists in Gaines-ville, Ga. These men, one of whom is a minister, were doing some work on Sunday inside the new Seventh-day Adventist Church, when arrested. The city has no Sunday ordinance, and so they were charged with disorderly conduct. They were fined $50 each and costs, with the alternative of ninety days on the streets. They refused to pay the fine and were locked up, but friends, one of whom was a lawyer, interfered, and their cases have been appealed and they released on bond. Proceedings have also been instituted against them under the statutes of the State for " Sabbath-breaking." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per Tear, .. - 900 25 to 99 ' " " " - .. .  44 100 to 249 " " " " 44 - - 76c 46 250 to 499 " " " 66-  - - 70c 66 500 to 999  46 44 64 46 16 - - 65c 1000 or more " " 44 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 