26 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. shall decide, amongst the great diversity of be-liefs, which we shall label "Christian," and which shall be ignored and denounced as he- retical? The American people will do well to wake up to the importance of examining these ques- tions, for, unless this religious amendment movement shall be speedily checked, they are questions which cannot long be ignored. With the present prevailing indifference on the sub- ject, the amendment may be carried in default of necessary action .to prevent it. And we fear for the result. It will never:be carried into effect peaceably. We have already defined our position in that respect; we shall offer no forcible resistance to its enforcement. But we cannot expect that all will be like-minded. Mr. Abbot, before the Cincinnati Convention, gave the warning which. may one day be seen to be timely. He said:Š " I warn you against the peril of instigating the Christian part of our population to attempt this usurpation. 1,cautiott you against the folly of supposing that the majority of the people will finally consent to this subversion of their common liberties. I beg you to count the cost of this agitation before you carry it further. . . . I make no threat whatever, but I state a truth fixed as the hills when I say that before you can carry this measure, and trample on the freedom of the people, you will have to wade through seas of blood. Every man who favors it votes to precipitate the most frightful war of modern times; and it is simply preposterous for any of your number to speak of the liberals as 'threatening war.' You threaten war when you avow a purpose to destroy the equality of religious rights now guaranteed by the Consti-tution to all American citizens. On the assail-ant in this struggle be all responsibility of its results." And the horrors of such a struggle, which is certain to follow the enactment of this amend-ment, would be greatly increased by the fact that it would not be bounded by State lines, as was our late war. It would be a war of parties in every State, every county, and every neigh- borhood in the land. And if' it did not break out in open violence in every neighborhood, it would lead to endless animosities and strifes which would be anything but favorable to the inter-ests of genuine Christianity. We pray that the. Lord may open the eyes of those who are trying, though unwittingly, to precipitate such a struggle in our land. J. H. W. A Christian Nation. AN agent and lecturer of the National Re-form Association wrote to the Statesman-as fol- lows:Š - " While the evangelical churches in our land spend $3,000,000 a year on Christian missions, our nation spends $600,000,000 a year on rum. Only think, $3,000,000 for the conversion of 'the heathen world, and $35,000,000 for tobacco alone, and yet we call ourselves a Christian na-tion." And if "we call ourselves a Christian nation," it is an act of hypocrisy; for we then call our-selves what we are not, and what we never will be. And only one thing' could ever make us a Christian nation, namely, the conversion of the nation to Christianity. Thousands may be induced, for various reasons, to vote for the Religious Amendment to the Constitution who care nothing for the Christian religion. But  their votes will count as much as any to make this legally a Christian nation! That we are correct in our judgment that people will vote for the amendment on other grounds than their personal regard for religion, we offer proof. We recently received a letter from one of the Southern States, in which the writer said that the people of that country were in favor of the Religious Amendment for the sole reason that they had been assured that it is the only means of putting down polygamy in Utah! We repeat what we have before said that the "Amendment Party" ought to show what could be done to that end, under such an amendment, that the G-overtiment is not already doing without the amendment; and if they cannot do thisŠas they surely cannotŠthen they ought to confess the deception which they have been and still are practicing upon the peo-ple. It is a shame to the intelligence of that party of eminent men that they make no dis-tinction between crime and religion. It is a shame to them to argue that, under our Con-stitution as it is, all manner of crimes may be legally committed under the name of religion. It is a shame to them that they try to prove the right of the Government to regulate our actions in matters of religion, because its right is undisputed to regulate our actions in things secular. We have heard just such arguments made. One speech in the National Convention held in Pittsburg, Pa., in 1874, was devoted almost entirely to examples of Government controlling the action of its citizens, and every instance was concerning secular matters; and they were given to show that what they seek is in harmony with the uniform policy of the Government! We verily believe that the speaker was so wedded to his theory that he was deceived in regard to the matter of his ad-dress. And so were many in his audience; but not all. The Lansing (Mich.) State Republican, in speaking of the National Convention held in Cincinnati in 1872, gave a good testimony in regard to people voting for the amendment who care nothing about religion. It said:Š "Thousands of men, if called upon to vote for such an amendment, would hesitate to vote against God, although they might not believe that the amendment is necessary or that it is right; and such men would either vote affirm-atively or not at all. In either case, such an amendment would be likely to receive an af-firmative vote which would by no means indi-cate the true sentiment of the people. And the same rule would hold good in relation to the adoption of such an amendment by Con-gress or by the legislatures of three-quarters of the States. Men who make polities a trade would hesitate to record their name's against the proposed Constitutional Amendment, advo-cate l by the great religious denominations of the land, and indorsed by such men as Bishop Simpson, Bishop McIlvaine, Bishop Eastburn, President Finney, Professor Lewis, Professor Seelye, Bishop Huntington, Bishop Kerfoot, Dr. Patterson, Dr. Cuyler, and many other divines who are the representative men of their respective denominations." And yet every vote so given would be counted as indicating the religious sentiment and feel-ing of the nation. We would be glad to be as-sured that the practice of such deceptions as those to which we have referred, will cease. Let us have honest dealing. if anything  should be fairly and candidly considered, it is the question of a change of the entire policy of our Government where the civil and religious rights of our citizens are so deeply involved. But more than this; we have the assent of the most earnest laborers in behalf of the amendment to the fact which we have stated. Thus Mr. W. J. Coleman, a prominent lecturer of that party, spoke thus in a convention, Oct. 5, 1882:Š " The third principle raised by this National Reform movement is rather theological, so far at least as it is proved by Scripture and not by Ł what is called ' natural religion,' if there be any such thing. I am aware that there is great distaste in this country and time to the acceptance of anything that is proved out of the Bible, and a corresponding liking for the results of pure reason; that is, human reason. I am aware that men in general would be fairly willing to go thus far because it would relieve the conscience from a faint suspicion of athe-ism, while at the same time an acknowledg-ment of God as Creator does not of itself im-pose any restraint on the conscience, nor fix a single law requiring their obedience. We have it in our State Constitutions, and it has little or no force. It would be complimentary, but not of itself binding. It is to be supposed that this is about the length that the daily papers consider that we are going." And it is quite natural to suppose so, seeing that these " reformers " so often assure us that their movement is so very harmless,Šsimply the recognition of God, and his Son, and the Bible in the Constitution,Šwhich cannot pos-sibly infringe upon any one's rights. And in- asmuch as "men in general would be fairly willing to go thus far," because it would " not of itself impose any restraint on the conscience" (as it surely ought not), therefore it ofttimes is convenient to thus present it to the hearersŠto win the voters. But this is not their inten-tion. Mr. Coleman continued:Š " If we were to stop here, I should share in their indifference. But we do not stop here. This is simply the foundation for an imposing structure. These principles are only premises; the conclusion is yet to come, and it has this dangerous character of the syllogism that the conclusion must come, and come with invinci-ble power." These are truthful expressions of the aims of that party. They, too, would be indifferent if they were to stop where no restraint is im-posed on the conscience! And they ought to stop just short of that point. Human Govern-ments are for the protection of society, and have only to deal with actions, or actual viola- tions of law. But we must remember that this is to be a religious amendment, and is by no means to stop where no restraints are imposed on the conscience. Fatal admission to their professions of the innocency of their move- ment. What right have they to impose re-straints upon my conscience, or yours, or that of any man? How would they like to have restraints imposed on their consciences? Oh, no; that is not supposable. They are the in-fallible ones, who alone have a right to freedom of conscience! Does Rome go further than this? People who talk like that would erect the Inquisition, if once the power were in their hands. With all this before us, people still ask us, "What's the harm?" We fear that our motto is already true of a vast number of American 