680 AMERICAN SENTINEIA. THERE is a prospect that war may be declared by Spain against the United States; not a very vivid pros-pect as yet, it is true, because in this age of enlighten-ment, when men have learned how to fight with weapons so much more deadly, and especially so much costlier, than they used to fight with, and when "concerts" of Europe and "triple alliances" are important factors to be reckoned with, the civilized nations do not rush into war with each other in that off-hand style which was in vogue centuries ago, but take more time to sit down and count the cost.  not seek her own exaltation; she will not resent an insult, or an injury. Should Spain smite her on the one cheek by sending a fleet over and bombarding New York City, she will turn the other cheek also, and allow the Spanish fleet to bombard San Francisco. And all this while she will love Spain and pray for her and seek to do her good. For all this is plainly included in Christian conduct. * * WILL our nation do this? Does the Supreme Court or any of the theologians who have so positively affirmed that "this is a Christian nation" believe that she will conduct herself thus in the event of a declaration of war-from Spain? Not one of them believe so, it is safe to say; and yetŠsuch is the inconsistency of human natureŠthey will no doubt hold to the idea of the Christian char-acter of this nation even while with her army and navy she is taking eye for eye and tooth for tooth from her antagonist, and otherwise violating the cardinal princi_ ples of Christian conduct. STILL, there is a prospect that war may be the out-come of the present controversy between the two nations most directly concerned in the war in Cuba. There are financial reasonsŠthe weightiest of all reasons, nowa-days, with most partiesŠwhy our nation does not want the war in Cuba to continue. It is ruinous to her business interests in the island, and it costs her no light sum to patrol the Atlantic Coast of her wide domain to oblige Spain in the matter of heading off filibustering ex-peditions carrying aid to the Cubans. And there is little doubt but that Spain, on the other hand, would prefer a war with even this doughty giant of the Western World, to the loss of Cuba under circumstances which would wound her national pride. Ł BUT now the question arises, In case Spain should declare war, what should be the attitude assumed by the United States? For be it remembered that the United States is a "Christian nation." The Supreme Court has distinctly affirmed this to be a fact; and an abund-ance of further "proof" upon this point is supplied by the repeated declarations of eminent theologians affirming the same thing. All these affirmations have, save by the AMERICAN SENTINEL and a few other journals, gone unchallenged. From the popular point of view, therefore, it may be said that there can be no doubt as to the proper attitude of the United States toward her belligerent neighbor, so far as the question of her being a Christian nation is concerned. * * * Tilts being so, it is only to be expected that the na-tion's attitude toward Spain will be a Christian one. It will be marked by the spirit of Christian charity. Our nation will "suffer long" and still be "kind." She will AND it is also safe to say that Spain is not counting on anything else than this in the event of a declaration of war. The declaration that "this is a Christian nation" was not intended to serve as a governing principle of national conduct in case of war; but it certainly applies here, if it has any force whatever. The state is not Chris- , tiara unless it follows the example of Christ. Tnu Rev. Dr. Lyman Abbott, of Brooklyn, is quoted as saying that a man who stays out of politics "because it is a dirty pool," is like John the Baptist, who "wasŁ  afraid of temptation and ran away and hid in the wilder-ness." This comparison of Dr. Abbott's is not as bad as it might seem ; for although there is not a shadow of Bible proof for the idea that John the Baptist "ran a way and hid" in the wilderness, or that he "was afraid of temptation," there can be no doubt but that he did ab-stain completely from politics; so that the comparison has one point of truth upon which to rest. And there can be no doubt also but that the nature of politics was the4saŁme in the time of John the Baptist as it is now, and 'that he kept out of politics for a reason quite similar to that which prompts many people to do the same to-day. * * AND in this connection it is worth while to note the fact that keeping out of politics did not relegate John the Baptist to obscurity, or at all impair his power for usefulness. It is recorded of him that "Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan," "went out to him," "and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins." He was not only out of politics, but he was away in the wilderness; yet he was probably the least hidden at the time of all the men in Judea. Yet 