r0u101q1"plp 40011,11P,  216 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 27. Ife*.tiT:W YORK, JULY 14, 1892. NOTE.-Any one ,IERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may knoW to G it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE article in this issue entitled, "Jesus, the Church, and the World's Fair," re-printed from the editorial department of the Arena for the current month, is so timely that none should neglect to read it all and read it carefully. To the one who reads it there will be no necessity to offer any excuse for devoting so much space to a single article. Š0Š THE conventional religion of human in-vention, and the religion of Jesus Christ, pure and undefiled, the truth of God, without alloy, as he taught it, have ever been, and ever will' be, at variance; this the Arena cogently and concisely shows to be no less true now when the slogan is, " Great is the venerable day of the sun," than when the rallying cry was, " Great is Diana of the Ephesians." As the one preceded a persecution so will the other. -0 Š THE attempt to enforce religious ex-ternals by civil coercion is no less in-iquitous to-day than in that day when the Master, with the majesty and grandeur of a righteous indignation, denounced those who sought, by the requirement of out-ward observances and adornment, to make the sepulchre of a dead devotion accepta-ble to God. Those who are really the servants of God know that it is a living devotion only which is their reasonable service, and this only will they render. The attempt to compel religious fealty to the civil law will bear the same fruit now that it always has. The Arena will not be a party to the crime and the impiety about to be committed in Christianity's name. Are there not others to protest ? -0-- THE Albion, Nebr., News reports that a few days since " Dr. Scoggin appeared before the village Board in behalf of the Baptist Church and asked the Board to donate water for lawn purposes to the Baptist Church for the ensuing year. After some deliberation the Board con-cluded that they had no authority to, and could not with justice to the tax payers of the village, donate water to any person or persons. Whereupon the Doctor in-formed the Bdard that inasmuch as God furnishes water free, the.  Board had no right to put a charge upon the same.  The Board called the attention of the Doctor to the fact that God did not pay for the pumping of the water in this case." These Nebraska Baptists are not much like their Canadian brethren who re-fused the benefit of the law exempting church property from taxation, and paid their taxes like other people. Š0Š THE statement is made concerning a can-didate for a State office in Indiana that " he expects votes enough from the Christian, or Campbellite Church, to pull him through." The statement is significant of the trend of the times. Š0Š  - BE sure to read on another page of this paper the article, " The Voice of Organ-ized Labor." It shows that the attempt to make it appear that organized labor demands the closing of the World's Fair in 1893 is in keeping with the stuffed peti-tions and other " pious frauds " employed in the interest of Sunday sacredness by legislative, judicial and executive action. The whole so-called American Sabbath Union movement is big with dishonesty and intimidation. 'Š THE AMERICAN SENTINEL does not in-sist that the World's Fair at Chicago next summer should be open on Sunday, but it does insist that it is not a proper subject of congressional action. It does insist that it is highly impfoper for the churches to attempt to compel the closing of the Fair either by civil law or by uncivil boycott. And it does insist that the Directors of the World's Fair Corporation have just the same right to decide this question that the Directors of a railroad have to decide whether they will run Sunday trains or not. _0_, IN Henry County, Tenn., work quietly done on Sunday by Seventh-day Advent-ists, is, according to the Attorney-General and the Grand Jury, " to the great an-noyance and disturbance of the people, to the evil example of society, prejudicial to public morals and a public nuisance to the citizens of the county and against the peace and dignity of the State." But picnicking on Sunday is presumably all right, if done by people who .do not observe Saturday, as do the Adventists. This conclusion would seem to be justified by the fact that the following notice ap-peared, on the 24th ult., in the Post-Intelligencer, the official paper of Henry County :Š On Sunday next there will be a basket picnic at Hollow Rock. The P. T. & A. 'Ry. will give an excursion rate of fifty cents for the round trip from Paris. The train leaves Paris at 9:45 A. Id., and returning leaves Hollow Rock at 5 P. M. The train carrying these Sunday picnick-ers passed within less than a hundred feet of the cell containing the four Seventh-day Adventists imprisoned for quiet farm work done on Sunday. It is not unreasonable  to suppose that upon the train were some of the grand and trial jurors who in-dicted and convicted them. But then the picnickers were not Adventists; that makes a wide difference, it seems. Š0-- THE Constitution of Tennessee declares that " no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." But notwithstanding this provision of the fundamental law of the State, the courts of the State have sus-tained a law by which " the people of Tennessee " as Attorney Lewis puts it, " designate and point out a certain day as the Sabbath, and say that that day shall be kept holy, and that no man shall work on that day." 'Š WHEN the Sunday ice bill was intro-duced in the Senate, THE SENTINEL said that before the bill was reached in its due course, the icemen and their employers would demonstrate that the legislation asked for was entirely unnecessary by ceasing to deliver ice on Sunday by mu-tual agreement. This has been realized. No ice is now delivered in Washington on Sunday. The bill has not yet passed the Senate,. and all the reasons urged for its adoption have been shown to be ground-less by the very persons who presented the bill and advocated it. it not be forgotten that te House of Representatives, by a vote of 143 to 35, decided that the Government exhibits at the World's Fair at Chicago should not be opened on Sunday, but by a vote of 74 to 94 refused to provide that liquor should not be sold in the Government buildings. Is not this a confirmation of that which THE SENTINEL has so often said, namely, that the Sunday movement is not in the interest of temperance? Š0Š WHEN ordered by the Court to imprison the four convicted Adventists, Sheriff Blakemore, of Henry County, protested that the men were conscientious. The Judge unfeelingly replied, " Let them edu-cate their consciences by the laws of Ten-nessee." What a standard ! -0- THE Committee on platform at the Re-publican Convention in Minneapolis de-clined to insert a so-called National Re-form plank on the ground that it had "just passed a sharp resolution in opposition to a union of Church and State." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 