152  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, NEW YORK, MAY, 8, 1896. N OTE.- Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." -It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-Office.  Ñ THE Wisconsin decision has , awakened such widespread discussion of the subject of Religion and Public Education, that we have made this number of the SENTI-NEL somewhat of a special upon that sub. ject. We give to our readers some of the most valuable matter to be found upon this subject. The argument of Mr. Wig-man, in the Wisconsin case, is a powerful and noble vindication of the right of the parent to instruct his own child. Judge Orton's opinion in the same case is an excellent statement of the case of the com-mon school. The article by Re-v. Owen James is a masterly statement of the im-posibility of the State's ever having any-thing to do in any way, With religious instruction. And it is difficult to see how the Presbyterian Church can favor the teaching of religion in the public schools in the face of its own Confession of Faith, as so eloquently expounded by Stanley Matthews. All these articles are most worthy of acceptance for all that they say, and for all that they mean, and in view of the condition of things in this Nation to-day, and in view of the powerful influences that are at work to secure action by the State which shall commit it to the cogni-zance of religious things, it is important that the principles: so well set-  forth in the articles which we have the pleasure of presenting to our readers -in this number of the SENTINEL, should be made known everywhere. We hope all to whom this paper comes will give it the wiliest possible Circulation. THE Presbyterians throughout the whole United States are now, discussing the question of the revision of their Confes-sion of Faith. A great majority of those Presbyteries which have already expresed themselves, are in-  favor of revision. But there ia one point in the Confession which we have not yet seen mentioned: by any one of the Presbyteries,. whiCh will need to be revisekif the positioir.of the _Presby-torian Synod of New York is,- orthodox. That-  is; the article which: declares that  " civil :magistrates may not assume to themSelves the administration of the word, or in the least interfere in the matters of faith." If the State is to teach religion as this Synod demands that it shall, then that part of- the creed needs to be so re-vised as to declare it to be -the duty of the didl magistrate to administer the word and regulate matters of faith. RESOLUTIONS are being adopted by ecclesiastical bodies, and many petitions are being sent to the United States Senate, urging the passage of the Blair Educa-tional bill. THE teaching of religion belongs to the Church, and to the Church only. God has -committed to the Church this work, and endowed her with the power to do it effectively. The State has no authority to do it, nor has it the-  power by which, alone, the attempt to do it can be effective. This work then, having been committed to the Church, when the Church passes it over to the State and the State assumes the task, what then is the Church to do ? What is there left for her to do, and what further use is there for her in the , world ? Moro than this, the Church will not stop at that. When once the State has assumed the task of carrying on and supporting the work of the Church, the next thing. it will have to do will be to support the- Church itself, and that in idle-ness, as every State has ever had to do, and will ever have to do, which takes upon itself the task of teaching religion. Therefore if the Government of the United States, or of any State, wants to keep for-ever clear of the galling burden of a lazy, good-for-nothing Church, let it keep for-ever clear of any attempt to teach religion. APPARENTLY with some surprise the question is asked, Would you object to the-use of the Bible in the public schools merely as a reading book ? We answer decidedly, Yes. We object to the Bible's being made less than it is, or to any im-pression being conveyed that it is less than that which it is. The Bible is the word of-  God and that- is all that it is. In it is the-revelation of the eternal purpose of God which he purposed in Christ Jesus for the redemption of the race of man lost and ruined -by sin. It is that and that_ only, and to make it less than that is. to make it worse -than nothing. And- to use it in the public schools, or anywhere else, merely as a reading book, is to -put it upon a level with all- other mere reading books, and is- to make it less than that which it is. Such -procedure conveys the impres-sion to the minds of the children in school- that the Bible is no (more, and of no more worth or anthority, than . any other reading book; -and to do that is-  to destrOY  t)ae-ir minds the true idea of what :the- Bible is, and of Ir11-4t its worth  and authority- is. Therefore everybody who has any regard for the Bible for what it is, ought to object to its being put to any use that will convey to anybody any idea that it is less than that Which. it isÑthe word of God.    .   THE Presbyterians and the Methodists of New York,Ñthe Calvinists- and the ArminiansÑhave heartily joined together in denouncing the Wisconsin decision and demanding religious instruction in the public schools. Yet if the State should decide to .establish religious instruction in the public schools and should leave it to these two denominations to decide just what form of religion should be taught there, and to what degree,-  it would be difficult to find any two denominations in all the land between which there would be a wider divergence of view, or a more bitter contention.  ¥-o-¥   THE New York Herald, not long since, secured an interview with the pope, in which that dignitary -expressed great love for America and the Americans. He ex-pressed- great anxiety over the " discon-tent, disorder, hatred, and profound un-happiness " that is seen in the present condition of society; and says ,he has studied how to bring about a change, -and that, while he lives, he will labor to relieve the world of this terrible con-fusion. These good professions of- the Pope had the effect of greatly pleasing the Christian Union, and it gives vent to its delight in these words :Ñ. We cordially greet the Pope as an honored -leader of a great international community in the work-of industrial and social reform, no less than as witness of the first importance to the fact that such a reform is the imperative need of our time. Yes, we are perfectly satisfied that in the settling of this social confusion, ,_the Pope will  much to do, and with the result that when it is settled, it will be to the advantage of the Papacy, and with the Pope as the head over all and supreme arbiter for the world. THE Telluride Republican should ex-perience no difficulty in - deciding what the AMERICAN SENTINEL meant'. That journal cuts too clean to be misunder-stood. It objects to placing God on a level with vile man, - and The Graphic takes the same high ground. The re-ligion that Jesus of Nazareth taught,-  first ; the statutes of the State next. Both 'sep-arate and distinct.ÑColorado Graphic. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EMI-HT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO  ¥ The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of, the United States onstitution as it is, so far as regards religion' or religious tests, and the mainte- nance-  of human rights, both civil'  ,  and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and btate; either in namebrin fact. Slagle Copy, Per Year, post-paid; $1';00 _  In clubs of  or more copies, per year, each. - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post paid, Address,  ABIErtI AN SENTINEL.  - Pond'Street,-  New yorlc.- 