"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 16, 1899. NUMBER 45. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. gar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it Baas.  know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffiee.) WHEN the voice of the church is heard in the halls of legislation, it is silent in the courts of heaven. CHRISTIANITY makes good men; and good men are the greatest need in all countries, at all times. A LAW enforcing a religious observance, though it he a "dead letter," is a seed from which may grow the full tree of church-and-state union. A RULE of "Christian citizenship" is that a man ought to vote as he prays; but earthly politics affords no chance for a vote that is up to the level of Christian prayer. THE church will seek in vain for power to reform the world, outside of that "upper room" where the disciples were fitted to receive "power from on high." There is no such room in the halls of state. A LEGISLATURE may pass laws to enforce a com-mand of God, but only God can give an adequate reason for obedience, or provide the power necessary to keep his law. Without God's reason and God's power, there can be no true obedience to him; and with these there an be no need of any aid from human power or wisdom. THE reason why the world speedily went to the bad after the fall, is clearly stated in the first chapter of the Epistle of Paul to the Romans, and no Christian can have any doubt that the causes there assigned are the true ones. But there is given no hint that legislation could have reformed society after its lapse from right doing, or could even have stayed the tide of moral de-generation. GOD would rather an individual should do wrong, than be forced to do right. There can indeed be no such thing as forced righteousness, for all righteousness must be of faith. And therefore no human law can com-mand righteousness, and obedience to any human com-mand is not righteousness according to the divine standard. Force is proper only in securing respect for personal rights. sfŁŠŁ---44 Christians and Good Citizens. IN Jersey City, on a recent Sunday, the pastor of the First Congregational Church preached on the subject "Why Some Christians Ignore Politics," and arrived at some remarkable conclusions,according to the published report. "Many Christians," he said, "are poor citizens. They are forever talking about the kingdom of God, but they forget that it is to be on earth, and that good govern-ment in our cities tends mightily to promote it." We greatly doubt this alleged forgetfulness on the part of "many Christians," because we doubt whether they ever learned the doctrines in question. Certainly they never learned them from the authoritative source of Christian knowledgeŠthe Word of God. From that Word we learn that the kingdom of God is even now on the earth, but that it is a spiritual king-dom, one that "cometh not with observation," as do 