MERICAN SENTIN AMERICAN SENTINEL. 301 The court took a hand then, and said : ' The Constitution of the United States and the laws of this State say that you are fined $5, and you will be committed until it is paid. 'Mr. Sheriff, take charge of this man.' "Mr. Webb started a long speech, in which he quoted Scripture liberally, but the court tired in short order, and Mr. Webb was taken under the care of the sheriff and locked up in the County Jail. Mr. Webb was under re-straint about three quarters of an hour, when some of his friends called on the sheriff and deposited the amount of the fine. The juryman would not himself pay it, say-ing to do so would be inconsistent with the stand he had taken and with his religious convictions." This is taken from the Daily Olympian, of April 24, last. Mr. Webb was summoned to appear on the jury April 13; he appeared as requested, and begged Judge Ayre to excuse him from the jury altogether, as he kept the seventh day, and could not act on that day. The judge said, "You can act until that time, then you will be excused." The first Friday came, and a few hours before the Sabbath began the judge said, "Mr. Webb, you are excused." The next week Judge Jacobs, from Seattle, acted in Judge Ayre's place. When the Sabbath hours were drawing nigh, Mr. W. presented his request to the judge to be excused from serving on the jury during the hours of his day of wor-ship. This the judge would not grant. Mr. Webb, with rest of the jurymen, was locked up in the jury-room until 11:30 Friday evening. When they were dismissed Mr. W. told them he would not appear again on Sabbath morning; but on Sabbath morning the sheriff came after him and took him from the church, where he had met with others of like faith to worship his God. (Is that the liberty that the constitution of the State of Wash-ington grants, without any hearing more than is stated above?) When Judge Jacobs imposed the fine of $5 and or-dered Mr. Webb committed until the fine was paid, Mr. Webb asked for a few minutes to give a reason for his action. So he began by reading, "Remember the Sab_ bath day to keep it holy; six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." The judge then inter_ rupted by saying, "Sheriff, take this man and lock him up; we want no long sermons." Mr. Webb was then locked up as stated; but a law-yer, Mr. Falkner, paid the fine of his own accord, and Mr. Webb was then set at liberty. But where is the justice in such treatment at the hands of those that are claiming to mete out justice to the peo-ple? Truly, the Lord says: "And judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off : for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter. Yea,  truth faileth; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey : and the Lord saw it, and it displeased him that there was no judgment." IN the April issue of the Nineteenth Century appears an article on "How I Became Pope," which is extracted from the autobiographical commentaries of Pius the Second. History refers to the latter as a person of no small literary ability, which appeared in his authorship of society verse, novelettes, and books of history and travels. Of the circumstances which attended the cast- ing of the vote which elevated him to the pontifical throne, he says:Š "We adjourned to luncheon, and from that moment, what cabals! The more powerful members of the college, whether their strength lay in reputation or wealth, beck-oned others to their side. They promised, they threat-ened. They were even some who without a blush, with-out a shred of modesty, pleaded their own merits, and demanded the supreme pontificate qualifications. . . . Each man boasted of his qualifications. The bickering of these claimants was something extraordinary; through a day and a sleepless night it raged with unabated viru-lence." Such is the testimony of the pope himself as to the character of the proceedings which resulted in the eleva-tion of Pius II. before Christendom as the supreme visible head of the Christian church. But the cause of Christ knows nothing of intrigue. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. we will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishkng Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, - .5o. 44 Three " - ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. 