AMERICAN SENTINEL. 745 do for France? He sacrificed her treasure and the lives of many thousands of her people upon the altar of his ambition. He brought the armed hosts of the enemy to the gates of Paris, and the country itself to the brink of ruin. No traitor ever did more than this, in his efforts to serve himself at his country's expense. IT is not always the man who is most ready to go to war that has the best interests of his country at heart. It is not always the person that calls most loudly for the government to resent by force of arms some real or fan-cied insult, who is doing most for his country's real good. It is easy to be filled with enthusiasm over the prospect of demonstrating our national prowess upon the tradi-tional field of glory, with very little thought of the ruin and misery that must inevitably come upon the country as the result. This country has not yet recovered from the ruinous effects of its great Civil War. Remembering the terse definition of Gen. W. T. Sherman, that "war is hell," it must be admitted that there is a belligerent sort of -patriotism" which is itself of the nature of treason, seeking as it does to plunge the country into needless war. THERE can be no question but that whatever tends to promote peace, and respect for right and justice, tends to promote the highest welfare of the country; and the life that is devoted to this end, cannot by any shadow of right bear the stigma of treason. And therefore the Christian cannot justly be regarded as a traitor to the land of his birth or residence, since the Christian life tends only to promote peace on earth and good-will among men. It tends only to promote those conditions under which the highest national prosperity is attainable. YET the Christian may refuse to do that of which popular sentiment approves; and because of this he may be stigmatized as a traitor. But he does this knowing that allegiance to God means always allegiance to the 'best interests of the community and the country in which 'he lives. He refuses to make the-  state his god by giving to it instead of to God his supreme allegiance; but he knows that he' can best serve the state not by turning away from God, but by remaining a.  worshiper of him. The three Hebrew worthies of old refused to worship the state of Babylon in the form of Nebuchadnezzar's great image; yet the state had no more faithful servants than they, and the king afterward recognized this fact by promoting them to a higher station in the-province of Babylon. No persons honor more than do Christians the just principles of government for which the flag of stars and stripes is supposed to stand. As the ensign of freedom  it is worthy of all honor. But the flag itself has been prostituted to the uses of despotism. For as a keen ob-server of events has Said:Š " Knaves have stolen thee, Old Glory, For their Babylonian bowers; O'er their festal halls and towers Floats the flag that once was ours ; O'er their crimes thy beauty trails, And the old-time answer fails When from chain-gangs, courts, and jails. Men appeal to thee, Old Glory !" In the "flag salute" of which we have spoken, "Old Glory" is made a party to a proceeding which invades the rights of conscience; and Christians must therefore refuse to become participants in it. And they do this in the name of conscience, of honesty, and of the rights of man and of God. And in so doing they manifest, not treason, but allegiance to the foundation principles upon which this great Republic was established. 4  Emperor William as a Sabbath Desecrator. RECENTLY Emperor William gave a big hunting party at Romitan, in East Prussia, on a Sunday, whereupon the Consistory of the Lutheran (state) Church of that province passed a unanimous vote of censure upon the Kaiser for having "desecrated the Sabbath." Under Emperor William's sanction, stringent Sunday laws have been enacted in Germany, to which the state church now has the audacity to hold the Kaiser amenable. But the latter probably reflects that, as representing the state, he is at least on an equal footing with the church in their alliance; and that if Sabbath observance is merely a matter of state regulation, it is no great sin for a kaiser to observe it about as he pleases. That is the natural result of regulating Sabbath observance by state law. 4- O.- 11, -4 -4 A Rebuke to Immoral "Reform." IN the days of Parkhurst and his wicked reform in this city there was established the practice of inducing people to commit crime, and partaking with them in the crime, in order to have a ohance to prosecute them. Col. Fred Grant, to his lasting honor, Asigned the office of police commissioner rather than remain a member of a board that sanctioned, such conduct. And now Judge McMahon, the other day in general sessions, adminis-tered a sound and deserved rebuke to the same thing. In charging a jury in such a case, the judge said:Š "Now, as to the testimony of these two officers. The offense against morality, against good conscience, and against public order is the same, whether the officer does it under the orders of a superior and it is paid for by public money or paid for out of his own pocket. This is not the first time I have called attention to this, and I hope this will be the last time, because I hope this system will be abandoned once and forever. "Now, then, you have to pass upon the credibility of these witnesses. The statements of the officers are that 