aIf any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for.  I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." Vol. 10. No. 28. NEW YORK, JULY 11, 1895. Price, 3 cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. ADVENTISTS IN JAIL IN TENNESSEE. The Bill of Rights Again Violated and Reli-gious Liberty Outraged. ARTICLE 1, Section 3, of the constitution of the State of Tennessee declares: "That no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of con-science; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." But notwithstanding this explicit guarantee of religious liberty, EIGHT Seventh-day Adventists are again incarcerated in the jail at Dayton, Tenn., for no other offense than not keeping the sabbath estab-lished by the statutes and decisions of the State of Tennessee. Besides the eight Seventh-day Adventists, one young man, not an Adventist, is im-prisoned for the same offense, namely, work-ing on Sunday. This young man, though of age, is unmarried and is the sole support of his widowed mother and his mother's sister. He is a miner and worked in the mines near Graysville. This he did on the days the mines were operated and on Sunday he cut wood for his mother. This was in January and February of this year. This was his only offense; he injured no one, and disturbed no one. Why then was be prosecuted?ŠThe answer is not far to seek: his widowed mother is an Adventist and she is persecuted in the person of her son. The young man's name is Allen Cathy. One other man, not an Adventist,was under indictment, but was justly acquitted on the ground that the work done was a work of necessity. He was absent from home on Saturday, being detained by a storm. His family was without fuel and he borrowed some wood from a neighbor and hauled it on Sunday. That he was prosecuted for this can be accounted for only in one of two ways: either the witnesses did it for the fees, or else it was because he sometimes attended the  Adventist church and it was done to warn him against becoming an Adventist. The latter seems the more probable as out of the large number of men that work on Sunday in Rhea County, only the Adventists and these two men connected with the Adventists, the one by kindred, the other by some degree of sym-pathy, were prosecuted. This man's name is George Dodson. The names of the imprisoned Adventists, with the amounts of their fines, will be found at the close of the judge's decision which follows this article. The imprisoned men were each found guilty on one indictment with the exception of the widow's son, Allen Cathy; he was convicted on two indictments. There were two indictments against H. C. Leach, but for want of evidence he was ac-quitted on the second indictment. There were also three indictments against N. B. England, two against E. S. Abbott, one against E. R. Gillett, one against Walter Ridgeway, and one against Oscar England. There were two verdicts of acquittal in N. B. England's case, and one mistrial. It was agreed between Mr. Abbott and the attorney general that one verdict should settle both his cases; but the jury failed to reach a verdict; these cases therefore went over to the next term of court. The witnesses against E. R. Gillett could not be found and his case was continued against his earnest protest. He is a rather feeble old man of sixty four years and pleaded that his case might either be tried or else the indictment dismissed. But his plea was de-nied. Mr. Ridgeway's case was also postponed because of the absence of witnesses, against his earnest protest. The only defense made in most cases was that the defendants kept the seventh day and believed that they had the God-given right to work six days. They maintained that the civil law had a right to take cognizance only of acts which infringed the equal rights of others; and that as the keeping of a Sabbath had reference solely to God and the recogni-tion of his claims upon them,to enforce its ob-servance was clearly outside the sphere of human government. The defendants insisted that under the Bill of Rights of the State they could not be legally required to observe any day, and that they had a constitutional right not only to keep the seventh day but to work  on the first day of the week, so long as in so doing they did not trench upon the equal rights of their neighbors. Judge Parks' view of the law and his duty under it has not changed in the least. He publicly declared that his sympathies were with the Adventists, and he believes that the law ought to permit them to do quiet work on Sunday; but declared that it is not his prov-ince to make law but to enforce it as it has been made by others. He referred to what he said last March in regard to the law, and de-clared that he did not regret in any particular the action he had taken at that time in sus-pending the fines and subsequently recom-mending the pardon of the convicted men. But, as what he said will appear elsewhere in this paper, it is not necessary to repeat it here. The attitude of Attorney General Fletcher was not materially different from what it was last March. He simply proceeded upon the theory that it was his duty to prosecute the cases; and manifeked no feeling whatever toward the defendants. Some change, however,was noticeable in the attitude of the juries. As previously stated, there were several acquittals, and a number of mistrials, which would have scarcely been possible four months ago. It is evident that the agitation of the subject in Rhea County has resulted in quite a change in sentiment. There are good reasons to believe that there will be no more cases of this kind for some time to come, except the cases which have been postponed which will necessarily come up at a future term of court. Of course there are not wanting evil-dis-posed persons who would continue the perse-cutions either from motives of religious intol-erance, or for the purpose of securing witness fees; but a better sentiment seems to be prevailing, and it is confidently predicted that no indictments will be found by the present grand jury. A noticeable event of the trials was a speech by ex-Congressman Snodgrass in which he declared his belief that the statute was uncon-stitutional, the opinion of the Supreme Court, notwithstanding. He expressed great sym-pathy for the Adventists, but advised them strongly that they ought to submit under the circumstances, and obey the law until it could be repealed, as he was very confident it would be by the next legislature. He said that he would remind the Adventists of that scriptural 