equal and .SxactJugtice to all Men, of Whatever State or Cersuagion, Religious or Volitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 20, 1892. NUMBER 41. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. MANY a time in the life of THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL have we told the people that the union of Church and State with national Sunday legislation would surely come. In fact THE SENTINEL never ex-isted for any other purpose than to tell that this was coming, and to awaken the people to the danger and the evil of it. Š0Š EXCEPT in a general way, however, we have never told in THE SENTINEL how we knew that this was coming. We have demonstrated over and over, by parallels of historical and ecclesiastical procedure that this evil thing must inevitably come as the result of existing conditions and of the efforts and aims of the churches; but our knowledge that it was coming ante-dated by many years both the existing conditions and the efforts and aims of the churches toŁbring it about. THE first thing that was ever done by the churches to bring this about was twenty-nine years ago last February; while on our part we have known for more than forty years that it was coming. The religious denomination that now pub-lishes THE AMERICAN SENTINEL published more than forty years ago that there would be formed in this Government, though prohibited by the Constitution and the fundamental principles of the Government, a union of Church and State, with national legislation establishing Sun-day as the Sabbath, and with the churches in possession of the governmental power to enforce Sunday observance. More than forty years ago this denomination put this  announcement in print, and then, and through all the years since, this people have preached everywhere that this was coming and would surely be done. And now that it has been done, and exists be- fore our eyes, we see exactly and only what we have been looking for all this time. How then did we know that it was coming? We knew it by the Word of God, in the scriptures of the prophets. The prophecy that announces it is in the thirteenth chapter of the book of Revela-tion; and there all may read it. In the first two verses of that chapter there is given a description of the rise and career of a certain power under the symbol of a beast. Then from the eleventh to the eighteenth verse inclusive, there is given the description of another power under the symbol of " another beast " and " the image of the beast." The first of these powers is also designated as "the first beast " and " the beast which had the wound by a sword." The full description of the first one is as follows And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority. And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed ; and all the world wondered after the beast. And they worshiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast; and they worshiped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast ? who is able to make war with him ? And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months. And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven. And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to over-come them; and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. If any man have an ear, let him hear. He that lead-eth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that  killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints. Š0Š EVERY person not a Catholic, who knows the A B C of history knows that this is a vivid sketch of the Papacy and its career up to 1798 A. D. Every such person knows that the one great power to which all the nations have done homage the most and for the longest time is the Papacy. Every such person knows that the most blasphemous power that was ever on the earth is the Papacy. He like-wise knows that the one power that has made war with the saints of God and has overcome them the most cruelly, and has persecuted them the most widely and for the longest time, is the Papacy. We know that to say this is not considered as proper Protestantism for these days; but proper Protestantism it is nevertheless. For all this is true of the Papacy, and has been true of it for ages. And every-body, Catholic or non-Catholic, knows that the Papacy is the union of Church and State with the Church in possession of the power of the State to use in en-forcing her decrees, and compelling men to submit to her dictation. Š0Š The description of the " other beast," or the image of the beast, is as follows :Š And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by the sword, and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his 