582 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. and if the people of -New Orleans are made to ac-cept it against their will, there is no reason why Jefferson and St. Bernard should escape its provisions. There must be equality in this matter, not discrimi-nation against New Orleans in the interest of neigh-boring parishes." Sunday laws are unjust from whatever view they may be considered. S. B. HORTON. A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. Splendid Isolation. (Concluded.) NoT very longafter the Farewell Address was de-livered Monroe gave birth to the now famous " Mon-roe Doctrine." From that day to this his thoughts on this subject have beeri a part of the political creed of all parties. This doctrine was announced by the President of the United States some seventy-six years ago, and the essence of it is: " We owe it, therefore, to candor and to the amicable relations existing between the United States and those Powers, to declare that we should consider any, attempt on their part to extend their system to any portion of this hemisphere as danger-ous to our peace and safety." And immediately after this there was enunciated the solemn declaration: " With the existing colonies or dependencies of any European Power we have not interfered, and shall not interfere." The words of the Monroe. Doctrine are wonder-fully deep, and especially significant on the point under discussion. Mark it! This doctrine is pro-mulgated against the "system " of European statecraft. That, system is essentially monarchical and imperial-istic in its fundamental nature and tendencies. In its basic, nerve principles it is not founded upon the principle that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. Now, why was President Monroe opposed to the extension of the European principle of statecraft to this hemisphere? He tells the answer himself, stat-ing that it would be " dangerous to our peace and safety "Šthat is, President Monroe saw that it would not be safe for the two systems of statecraftŠthat of the United States (government by the consent of the governed) and that of Europe (government by the consent of some of the governed only)Što come into too close contact with each other. He discerned  that close relations between the two would lead to the destruction of all that had been fought for in the war of the American Revolution., He knew that the two systems could not thrive together on the same soil. 'He foresaw that the safety of the Ameri-can principles lay in guarding them with a " splen-did isolation." In all of these doctrines the Fathers of, the Ameri-can Republic were only carrying out the mind of the great God above in the case of the new nation. They may not, and doubtless did not, in all cases and things know that they were doing this, but they were doing it for all of that. Hence it has been most truly said, that " they builded better than they knew." Equally President Monroe bound this nation not'  to interfere in concerns ditinctly, European. 'He was determined that the United States should dwell alone. Providence and nature had set her alone on the face of the earth, and this was done that in spirit and in life as well as in geographical body she might dwell in a' sacred and splendid isolation. " It was for this we bade the Old Word leave Us to ourselves, and set the vacant seas Between our youth and her age-worn iniquties." The Monroe Doctrine was proclaimed at a time when the " allied Powers " of Europe, whose repre-sentatives, assembled at Vienna, took to themselves the name of the " Holy Alliance," were attempting to give renewed prominence to the thought that kings govern by divine right. " It was intended to teach the people that all the liberties they were en-titled to possess were such only as the governing monarchs deemed expedient to grant them; that they were entitled to none whatsoever by virtue of the natural law; that the attempt to establish repre-sentative and liberal government, like that of the United States, was,  an unpardonable sin against God, and that the highest duty of citizenship was obedi-ence to monarchical authority." Such were the principles of, the_" Holy Alliance" of the crowned heads of Europe. Its specific object was to re-establish the despotism of Spain upon her revolted colonies in South America and in Mexico. On the other hand, the essence of the Monroe, Doc-trine as then understood by all the world was that "while we forbid the establishment of despotic gov-ernments upon the American continent, we recog-nize the corresponding obligation to refrain from any. 