You want to succeed in life; you should be trained for success. The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COLLEGE and the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND, Y.M.C.A. Building, Des Moines, Iowa, are among the leading business training Ł schools of this country. Board from $1.75 to $2.00 per week. All expenses reasonable. Competent graduates are assisted in securing positions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue*  to Mehan & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa. 414 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ A Departure. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL never has, and under its present management, never will, pose as a money-making enterprise. Th2 sole object of its existence is to pro-mulgate the principles for which it stands in defense, and never was it more deter-mined in this than now. We may frank-ly say, however, that were it not for the loyalty and liberality of its friends it would not be on a paying basis to-day, for it is a well-known fact in newspaper circles that it is rarely the case that a paper is able to pay its way from its subscription receipts alone. The SEN-TINEL now has a circulation that en-ables its influence to be felt, and re-quests have been made for advertising space After due consideration the man-agement has decided to open its columns to a limited amount of commercial ad-vertising, taking great care to admit only such announcements as it can be assured are perfectly reliable, and which it can, if necessary, personally endorse in its ed-itorial columns. We trust that this move may prove of mutual advantage to all concerned. WITH OUR ilDVEHTISEAS. ŠHAVE you ordered "Interesting Facts" advertised in another column ? It is worth the money. ŠWE have quite a quantity of slightly damaged books that we will sell cheap. Send for list of salmi Š" THE little Webster dictionary you advertise is the best thing of the kind I ever saw, and I would not be without it for three times its cost." This is what a subscriber writes us. ŠCONCERNING the value, as a seller, of the Cyclone Washer, advertised in an-other column, Mr. J. B. Craw, of Bowl-ing Green, Ohio, writes: "My profits for the past six weeks' whirl of the Cyclone are $100. 1 have washed all kinds of clothes, and can say that it is the greatest machine on the market. Every lady who has purchased one of me is more than pleased with it." Write to Messrs. Coon Bros., Battle Creek, Mich., for further particulars regarding rates, territory, etc. ŠWE place in our columns this week the new advertisement of the Capital City Commercial College and Capital City School of Shorthand, located at Des Moines, Iowa. The SENTINEL is person-ally acquainted with these schools, and their management, and knows whereof it speaks when it says that they stand among the very first schools of the kind in the United States. The teachers are all specialists, and the instruction and business discipline are unsurpassed. To those who ace contemplating a course in book-keeping or shorthand, we would suggest that they write for an elegant catalogue, which will be sent free, by ad-dressing Mehan & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa, not forgetting to mention the fact that you were advised to do so by the SENTINEL. "I am surprised," Says Pnor. B. A SHELDON, President of the State Normal School, Oswego, N V "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought intoso small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." THE NEW Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest. Pocket Library is full of happy sre-prises. It succeszfu_ b. combines a Dicticn-ary of 45,800 worde; a complete Parlia-mentary Manua!: Literary Guide, if,;. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full nunciation of woi —Is. Over 300,000 cop-ies sold. "I shall give -flail book a place in my vest pocket, a place that no other book thee far has had."ŠC. C. Gaines, Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x 2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Student, Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual-ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetan4 Memorandum, and Safety Postage-Stamt, Holder, 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CP.. 39 Bond St., New York Gilt 1 Greek - English , Lexicon TO The New Testament. Revised and Enlarged by THOMAS SHELDON GREEN, M. A. WITH A PREFACE BY H. L. HASTINGS, Editor of the Christian, Boston, Mass. AND A SUPPLEMENT BY J. H. THAYER, D. D., LITT. D. Professor of New-Testament Criticism and In-terpretation in the Divinity School of ŠHarvard University.Š Containing additional Words and Forms to be found in one or another of the Greek Texts ih current use, especially those of Lachmann, Tisch-endorf, Tregelles, Westcott, and Hort, and the Revisers of 1881. "The best thing of the kind fotthe money," PAPER BINDING, Postpaid, 35c. Address. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Boom Sr., NEW YORK Cm, N. Y. MONEY MADE IN A MINUTE. I have not made less than $16.00 any day while selling Centrifugal Ice Cream Freezers. Anyone should make ftom $5 to $8 a day selling cream and from $7 to $10 selling freezers, as it is such a wonder, there is always a crowd wanting cream. You can freeze cream elegantly in one minute and that astonishes people so they all want to taste it, and then many of them buy freezers as the cream is smooth and perfectly frozen. Every freezer is guaranteed to freeze cream perfectly in one minute. Anyone can sell ice cream and the freezer sells itself. My sister makes from $10 to $15 a day. IV. H. Baird & Co., Dep't 194, Sta. A, Pittsburg, Pa., will mail you full particulars free, so you can go to work and make lots of money anywhere, as with one freezer you can make a hundred gallons of cream a day, or if you wish, they will hire you on liberal terms. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found only hi the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending rurchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. DON'T TAKE an agency until you find out what we have to offer. If already engaged or in business, send for our "Side-line Specialties." Begin, now where you are, and turn spare moments into cash. $75 per month. Particulars free. Write to-day. Address, E.E. RILES. naamaPr canen Pub, MSG State St., Chicago. FIGHTING AGAINST Is the Title of a sixteen-page tract just issued as No. 41 of the Religious iibertll Cibraq, In which PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE unite in teaching Christian principles of freedom of conscience. 7 Pine Half-Tone Illustrations 7 Printed on highly-finished paper. Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the most prejudiced or indifferent reader. PRICE-3 Cents each. Usual discounts in quantities. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 