AMERICAN SENTINEL. 375 --this he does all that God himself can possibly require of him. Now let us appeal to the Scriptures in finding the an-, swer to the question "How shall we fear God?" The an-= swer is found to be: "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and keep his commandments; for this is the whole duty of man." Eccl. 12:13. Put - this scripture by the side Ł of the one in Rev. 14:6, 7, and let the reader point out the difference between them. " There is none. But we read further: "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom; a good understanding have all they that do his commandments." Ps. 111:10.  And yet again: "And unto man he said, The fear of the Ł Lord, that is wisdom, and to depart from evil is under-, standing." Job 28:28. If to keep the commandments of God and to depart from evil are both "understand-ing," then to depart from evil is to keep the command-ments. Thus from all these texts it is plain that to "fear God" one must keep his commandments. As therefore the everlasting gospel calls upon "every nation, kindred, tongue and people" to "fear God," and as to fear God one must keep his commandments, it is as plain as language can make it that the everlasting gos-pel calls upon all to keep the commandments of God; and it is equally plain that he who does not keep the com-mandments does not obey the gospel of Christ. Another thing is equally plain. As has been already pointed out, anything that detracts from the fear of God cannot be the gospel, and as to fear God one must keep the commandments it is everlastingly true that anything that detracts from the commandments of God cannot possibly be the gospel of Christ. 'Still further: As Christ himself is the substance of the gospel, and anything that detracts from the commandments of God cannot be the gospel, it is absolutely certain that in the thing that so detracts there is no Christ. The warning of the third angel could not be pro-claimed until the time had come for that to be fulfilled against which the angel lifts his voice. And no one can deny that that against which the angel warns the people is the work brought to view in the prophecy of Rev. 13: 11-18. Concerning this prophecy it has been shown that the beast that had the deadly wound and was healed (Rev. 13:2, 12) is the papacy; and that the twoŁhorned beast (v. 11) is the United States. It has also been shown that the first beast mentioned above is identical with the "man of sin" (2 Thess. 2:4), who was to "exalt himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped, so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God." That being so, the enforcement of the mark (Sunday) by which all are to be made to worship the papacy, would be a work carried on in this country ostensibly that wor-ship may be rendered to God. In other words it would be represented as being genuine gospel work. It has been further shown that that work has been  going on for upwards of forty years, and it has been and still is being represented as gospel work. But as the prophecy shows, its success does not exalt God, nor does it result in causing him to be worshiped. When therefore this work is carried on professedly as gospel work, and when the third angel lifts his warning voice, it is perfectly fitting that the first angel should be present with his message showing what the gospel of Christ really is. It could not be that which results only in causing the papacy to be worshiped; it could not be that which would enforce upon the consciences of the people that which the prophecy calls the "mark of the beast;" but it would be that which calls upon all to "fear God, and give glory to him;" it would be that which calls upon all to keep the commandments of God; and it would be that which furnishes the power in order that those commandments might be kept. "A Sword in Every Line." BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. THAT is what King Olaf of Norway called for accord-ing to Longfellow, a song that should have "a sword in every line." Olaf was a heathen in spirit though a Chris-tian in name. He had advanded toward the religion of Christ only far enough to wear the title of Christian, but his heathen blood still leaped at the sound of clashing steel and his ears tingled with pleasure at the singing of war songs. When we think of the literature that has been fed to the people of the world for ages, for all the ages so far, we cannot wonder that the war spirit so easily rouses to life, and that men crowd the martial ranks at the call of the bugle and the drum. You can scarce find a poet of fame either in old times or later, whose most popular lines, the verses into which the utmost energy was thrown, were not a war poem. English and American young men attending college have been exercised in Homer's Siege of Troy, or "Csar's Commentaries on the,Art of War," or have been given Shakespeare to read, full to the brim with deeds of strife and bloodshed, or Scott with his talents all sounding out notes of battle, or Moore, or Byron, or Campbell, or Macaulay, and history itself is but a succession of descriptions of fightsŠNebuchad-nezzar and Alexander, Cambyses, Scipio, Pompey, An-tony, Marlborough, Wellington, Napoleon, Washington, Grant. These are the names that are spoken again and again, that histories are lighted with, and that the young male sex have always idolized, and do yet idolize. And the hosts of war always glare and blare in gold and blue and yellow and scarlet and feathers and brass. And telling of these things, the literature of the world, history, poetry, or oratory, has through all time, like the song that King Olaf wanted, gleamed with a sword in every line. If a militia company is formed in a coun- 