AMERICAN SENTINEL. 793 The passage of these resolutions by Congress at this time would be a heavier blow to Great Britain than the loss of a great battle. But that action is hardly to be anticipated in the face of the rising tide of American sentiment favoring the joining hands with Great Britain and other land-hungry empires for the purpose of stak-ing out the earth. "Advice to the Clergy." "Jr ministers will remember that they are not in the pulpit to attract audiences, or to entertain those whom they may attract, but are there to convey to those who hear them the power of the gospel 'as it is in Christ Jesus'; in short, if ministers will forget every-thing but the one purpose that they are to tell the `good news,' which is the interpretation of the life of this day, so that the Golden Rule may be applied to it as a living principle, they will not need to resort to anything." The above from the Indianapolis News, reprinted in the Boston Herald, is so good that we think it deserves wider circulation, and only hope that those to whom it speaks will do as the News suggests; that is, to tell the "good news" which is the gospel, and "is the power of God unto salvation." Then "they will not need to re-sort to anything," not even to the State legislature or either house of Congress for laws to compel men to do by coercion what they have failed to do by and with the gospel. It is just as certainly a fact as that twice two are four, that when any man or set of men will or do appeal to civil government for aid in religious things, they do by that act confess that the power they possess is in-ferior to that of civil power; and by that confession they do openly acknowledge that they do not have the gospel of Jesus Christ to aid them,Šwhich is the power of God. And again: If the ministers did not and would not resort to anything save what the Indianapolis Newshere suggests, there never would have been nor ever would be another Sunday law on earth. For such a thing is contrary to the gospel of Christ and works evil only and that continually. GRANT ADKINS. St. Johnsbury, Vt. Sunday Laws Enforced in Philadelphia. "New York Journal," Dec. 11. THE Philadelphia Sabbath Association, several days ago, promised that the "blue laws" would be enforced on and after January 7,1900. Not to be outwitted, the police determined that the enforcement of the law should begin at onceŠthat is to-day. In certain sections of the city cigar and candy shops were closed to day. In other sections hundreds of shop-keepers who had received no notice to close and who had not even heard -of any intention of the Police Depart-ment to carry out the "blue laws," kept open, but not an arrest was reported. It is understood that the purpose of the Police De-partment is to start the crusade next Sunday, and that it will be directed against localities where Sunday is like an ordinary week day, and where, bakers, butchers, gro-cers and other merchants conduct business openly. "Blue Law" Revival in Elizabeth, N. J. SALOONS, TOBACCO, AND OTHER STORES MUST BE KEPT CLOSED. THIRTY-ONE MINISTERS IN THE CRUSADE. "New York Journal." THE historic old town of Elizabeth is to-day agi-tated over a temperance crusade. The clergy of the city are at the head of it. Not a saloon or tavern is open on Sunday, and the tipplers of the town are in dismay. Chief of Police George Tenny, by order of Mayor Mack, issued an edict that every saloon must, at all hazards, be kept closed, as well as confectionary, news, tobacco, butcher, and grocery stores. Bootblacks and newsboys will also come under the watchful eye of the mayor and police. The fight which is being waged against the violators of the Sunday law has found a champion in the Rev. E. B. Cobb, D. D., of the Second Presbyterian Church, who, with the Rev. H. H. Oberly, rector of Christ Church; the Rev. F. S. Simmons, of the Park M. E. Church, and the Rev. Everitt T. Tomlinson, of the Central Baptist Church, signed a call last June for a meeting of the thirty-one clergymen of the city at Mr. Cobb's church. Every one of the ministers re-sponded, and a plan of operation was resolved on. During the last term of Mayor John C. Rankin, two years ago, the Citizens' League organized, with the avowed purpose of closing up the saloons and incident-ally showing up the mayor, charging him with being virtually in league with the offenders and failing to keep his oath of office. The league hired a theater, and a big audience was got together. When the time came for Mayor Rankin to speak, he demanded to know if any of the assembled throng had ever heard him read his oath of office. There was no response, and it was finally agreed that not one of the agitators had ever seen the oath. The meeting proved a flat failure. "Not so this time," said Mr. Simmons, yesterday. "We know where we stand now, and this fight is going to win. The matter is now in the hands of the mayor, and we look to him to enforce the law. If he does not, then we will go further, even to the Grand Jury and the upper courts." 