708 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. ample of other countries can be followed only by the recognition of local customs and institutions which the Constitution expressly prohibits. And since fly Consti-tution prohibits such local customs and institutions as slavery, which the coldnial policy must recognize or else plunge the nation into a religious and race war of con-quest, it is certain that if the colonial policy is followed the Constitution must go. And since it is settled by those who are the responsible ones, that the colonial policy must be followed, it is by them just as certainly settled that in all the colonial region the Constitution does not apply. And all this is being steadily carried on before the eyes of all the people, and is really expected to be pop_ ularl It is no wonder that the most of the "hostile criti-cism" of this polygamy and slavery imbroglio comes from "non-political sources." Because these non-polit-ical sources of which the SENTINEL is one, not being cum-bered with the demands of policy, treat the matter from the standpoint of principle onlyŠthe fundamental prin-ciple of free and enlightened government before the world. A. T. J. Religious Persecution in Turkey. BY Z. G. BAHARIAN. MAMOURET ur,-Aztz or Kharpout is a province in Asiatic Turkey, where Armenians live in great numbers. At the late massacre they were much lowered and even forced to leave their religion and accept the faith of Islam. In this way they tasted religious persecution amidst the political convulsion. They hated the Turks greatly because of this; and by the aid of other Chris-tian nations they were allowed to return into their for-mer religion. But as soon as order was re-established, they forgot this sad experience. Last year about twenty-six souls in Malatia, accepted the faith of Seventh-day Adventists and began to keep the Sabbath of the Lord and to hold meetings. This at once stirred the bigots, among whom was the Protestant minister as leader. He called to the police and stopped their meetings. But they continued in keeping the Sabbath and even dared to work on Sun-day. The Protestant minister knew what to do. He called on the Catholic bishop of this city, and together they called on the Pasha (the chief governor) and asked his power to stop this new religion. He also, like Pilate, consented, and called these Sabbath-keepers and told them to close their shops on Sunday and work on Sab-bath. They did not consent to this proposition. The re-sult was that some of them, the prominent ones, were put into jail. While there the Protestant minister called on them and tried to have them promise to pollute the  Sabbath and keep Sunday in order to be released from the jail. This scheme did not succeed well. Then the Pasha, in the midst of the winter cold, sent these Sab-bath-keepers to Kharpout, the chief city of that prov-ince, where the chief governorŠVali--lives. When their case was presented to him, he proposed to them a com-promising way,Šthat is, to keep both days. As they were not yet well trained in the truth, they accepted it, and Were sent back to Malatia. But their enemies were not satisfied. Their purpose was to force them to give up their Sabbath keeping. They induced the Pasha to watch them closely that they might not have any acquaintance with each other even at the market. You can imagine now their pitiful condition. One of them had his son lately come from America; one day be was walking with his son, when they were seen by the police and arrested. Then the father proved with several witnesses that he was his own son, and not a Sabbath-keeper. Lately a Seventh-day Adventist minister was sent to Malatia from Constantinople that these Sabbath-keepers might be established in the truth. This minis-ter would open a shop there and work his trade too. At once the Pasha called him and proposed that he should work on Sabbath and close on Sunday, as a con-dition of his being allowed to remain. When he refused it, he too was sent to Kharpout. This is the condition of things in Armenia. The per-secuted now persecute. Though the government is of a different faith, and knows that Armenians never desire the good of the state, nevertheless it joins itself with them and becomes an easy instrument in their hand to persecute the innocent. It is very sad indeed to see Protestant ministers, embracing with one arm the Catholic bishop and with the other arm the state, lead in the persecution. When the Seventh day Adventists heard about it, they laid it before the head Protestant representative, to let him know what his minister was doing. His answer was this: "Surely, it must be so, because you are outlaws. You cannot belong to one [class] of the recognized religion and nation; therefore you have no place in this country, except jail." But a day is coming, and very near, too, that the jail also will be thought too good for them. They should be cut off from the earth, unless their Saviour should come from heaven and save them. IT is of no use to tell us that the Christian ideal is the highest known to man if its fruits are to be the propagation of the warlike spirit and of a hard legality and stern unlovely discipline all over the world wher-ever the Christian nations set their iron feet. "By their fruits ye shall know them," is the test of the Founder of Christianity, and if some other form of religion stands this supreme test better than the conventional Chris-tianity of the churches, we may depend upon it that the 