AMERICAN SENTINEL. 117 cal climax; it was the cry of a soul, and it finds an echo in every other soul that ever breathed. We know that the conditions of human life in the days upon which we have fallen are such that the "ina-lienable" rights of man will be alienated more and more at every point which can be reached by iron-handed sel-fishness wearing the mask of love for "the people." The man will be made subservient to the mass in all the con-cerns with which human greed and ambition are identi-fied, until the end of time. The individual will be so cov-ered up by the populace that it will take the eye in which is all light, to find the ones when they have been merged into the many; and to every soul, many of them true but bewildered, the greatest surprise of a life time will be the discovery that each was its self alone, and not a part of the great over-mastering whole. This has already happened. It is nothing strange to see a strong man break down when a personal interest has been manifested in his individual case; while he has cried out: "What! for me, just me?" He had not thought of himself as "just me" separated even in his hunger, loneliness, sinning, and need of salvation from the "rest of 'em" with whom he has struggled for "their rights," or with whom he had tramped and huddled in; with whom he had slept in a five cent lodging, or out in the field, or over on the "Lake Front." We know that the world is massing for the final shock. "United we stand, divided we fall" is the truth to which the nations have pinned their faith. This old notion ex-presses a truth, which is a truth in the right place; but out of the right place it is grievous error. "0 my soul, come not thou unto their secret; unto their assembly, mine honor be not thou united; for in their anger they slew a Man." Gen. 49:6. "The unity of the spirit" with the "bond of peace" (Eph. 4:3) is the only combination which is safe among men. "United with Christ" we stand, divided from him "we fall;" every separate individual for himself, and not an-other. We cannot hope to make the unbelieving world com-prehend what liberty means to us, but there is one thing that we should be able to do; to preserve it as a doctrine of truth in all our dealings with others, and as a blessed experience in our own lives. The more closely we come to the days when the mouth that "boasteth great things" shall proclaim "liberty" for the many, without reference to the one here and an-other there, with whom the many are in controversy be-cause of truth; the more important, the more blessed will it be for each one to know for himself what liberty is, that liberty with which Christ has made us free; and to have it (with our life and all our other treasures) "hid with Christ in God." Col. 3:3.  any characteristics of earthly powers-. There cannot be-American Christianity and German Christianity, English,  French, or Russian Christianity. Christianity changes-that which it touches, but is not at all changed itself. It is the same everywhere, is altogether divine, and alto__ gether what it was in the life of Jesus of Nazareth. The Kingdom Promised to Abraham's Seed. WHEN God said to Abraham, as in Gen. 13:15, "All' the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed forever," he did not mean to limit that gift to-the land of Palestine. The apostle Paul said that the promise to Abraham included the whole world. Rom. 4:13. In this grant God bestowed upon the father of the-faithful all the territory of his kingdom, which he first gave to Adam, but which had been usurped by Satan. As Adam was placed in Eden and commanded to replen-ish the earth, beginning at that point, so Abraham's-immediate seed were to be settled in Palestine, that from that section they might also spread and fill all the earth. But Abraham's seed were not to be limited to his-lineal descendants. "Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He [God] said not, And to seeds, as-of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ." Gal. 3:16. Christ was the seed, then, upon whom this-usurped territory was to be bestowed. It was his by right of creation, and as this was also to be included in his-redemption, he, too, as the "seed" of Abraham, must be born in the land promised to Abraham, that his children might, from that point, multiply and fill the entire terri-tory given to him. So, then, whoever gives himself to-Christ becomes by that act the seed of Abraham, and am heir to the territory promised to his seed. But, as in every other purpose of God, Satan at-tempted to thwart that promise, and on the ground that the territory being acquired by him from Adam, to whom it was first given, it was his to dispose of as he desired, without let or hindrance. Luke 4:6. God, who knows-the end from the beginning, foresaw this attempt of Satan to make void his word, and so made known to Abraham something of what his people would meet before entering-upon their promised possession. Appearing to the pa-triarch in vision one evening as the sun was sinking in,  the west, the Lord said to him: "Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years." This picture of the patriarch's seed being a nation of slaves in a strange land was not pleasing, but the assur-ance was also given that in the fourth generation they-should return to their own land, and that they should'  then displace, as the emissaries of Satan, all the nations-which would be found there. Gen. 15:12-21. It proved as God had said about Abrahain's people,  becoming enslaved by another nation. A severe famine-throughout Palestine induced them to go down to Egypt .• Ł 4 4 THERE is no such thing as national Christianity. Christianity cannot be national; it cannot partake of 