612 AMERICAN SENTINEL, and intellectual as well as moral and spiritual needs must not, he said, be confounded with its desecration. Similar arguments were used by other ministers sup-porting him; but the Presbyteries of the Established, Free, and United churches, together with other religious bodies, made common cause in opposition, and carried the day." It is just as true in America as in Scotland that "drunkenness and licentiousness"Šand mischief in other formsŠwill be more rife on Sunday than on other days because of compulsory idleness. If a person will not occupy himself religiously on SundayŠand no law can make him do thatŠfor the sake of all that is good let him be occupied in honest work or innocent recrea-tion. THE prosperity of a country depends, not on the abundance of its revenues, nor on the strength of its for-tifications, nor on the beauty of its public buildings; but it consists in the number of its cultivated citizens, in its men of education, enlightenment and character. Here are to be found its true interests, its chief strength, its real power.ŠMartin Luther. " The White Man's Burden." WE have been told much of late about the "white man's burden," by which is meant his supposed duty to go to the dark skinned races of the earth and confer on them the blessings of his superior civilization. A glance at the history of what the white man has already done in this line ought to be sufficient to dispel the illusion that the mere civilization of the white man, imposed upon the uncultured heathen, is going to be any benefit to the latter. The whole testimony of the history of the white man's contact with such peoples is that, unless he goes to them with the gospel, he carries to them a curse rather than a blessing. We note in an exchange the following impressive statement of facts and conclusions upon this subject:Š "The rapid decrease of the natives in many countries where the white man has established himself, has often been remarked and commented upon by writers and his-torians. Our ideas associated with the 'survival of the fittest' can not account for the appalling waste of life that haunts the white man's steps. "Other reasons, more tremendous in their reality, are readily seen when we measure the real facts of the case. When the white nations undertake to civilize one of the wild tribes of men, the missionary is sent with the gospel of Jesus Christ. This is the truest civilizing agency in the world; but usually the same vessel that carries the missionary, carries also a cargo of fire-water or distilled damnation in the shape of alcoholic liquors, as Satan's complement to the force of civilization. "When the white man went to New Zealand he brought his strong drink, and presented it to the na-tives. But the untutored tastes of the natives could  not at once tolerate the new beverage, so they called it wai-perauŠrotten water. They were not, however, able to withstand the temptation of the white man's beer, and the wine glass has almost dug the grave of the nation. Only about 39,000 of the natives now remain, and the decrease is registered at 2,139 in five years. "The drinking practises of the civilizing nations have served to introduce every other form of immorality and disease known to the white man. Disease, evil practices, and the drink demon, form a terrible combi-nation, against which native life and energy seem to have little or no defense. "In speaking of the condition of things in India, Archdeacon Jeffreys speaks truly when he says: 'For one really converted Christian as the fruit of missionary laborŠfor one person "born of the spirit" and made "a new creature in Christ Jesus"Šfor one such person, the drinking practises of the English have made one thou-sand drunkards. If the English were driven out of India to morrow, the chief trace of their ever having been there would be the number of drunkards they left behind.' "The prophet of Patmos pictures the martyrs as falling in awful slaughter before the rider on the pale horseŠrepresenting the work of Rome in the Dark Ages. But in the mock drama of civilization thousands, yea, millions, of natives have fallen in the very cruelty of slaughter, through the engines of ruin sent among them by the white man. "If this diabolical adjunct to civilization affected only the native races, the picture might not appear quite so dark. But nationality affords no immunity from such a curse. Dr. John W. Butler writes thus of the drink habit in Mexico:Š "`With the multiplying of American bar rooms it is appalling to note in the city of Mexico the rapidity with which the American cemetery is filling up. I believe that about one half of the graves made there during the past ten years were made by demon drink. Beer generally marks the spot, while pulque, tequila, aŁnd whiskey quickly consummate the awful work. While this sad goal is being reached, hard-earned wages which should go to family support, here or in the home-land, are simply squandered in the bar-room or its worse an-nexes.' "Sad it is that the increased intelligence of civiliza-tion should manifest itself in an increase of plans and methods that lead to death. But sad as it may appear, it is nevertheless true. Human wisdom apart from the Divine guidance is very apt to result in the greatest folly. The learning and refinement of ancient Rome found its pleasure in the carnage and excitement of the arena and the gladiatorial combats. Scenes that would have made even the savage recoil were applauded with wild enthusiasm. "And so in these days of modern civilization we see brought to view, through the white man's curse, scenes that would make even the soul of the savage sick with horror. How long will our boasted civilization falsely appropriate its title? Instead of being an angel of life to the heathen, it has, for the greater part, proved an agent of destruction. "Many heroic souls have gone abroad, inspired by the love of Heaven, to uplift and bless the nations that 