MARCH 29, 1894. SkASTTINME.4., 103 gious in its character, not striving to con-ceal itself under the mask of a civil meas-ure as was the case when presented in different form, to previous Congresses. No commissioner, committeeman, or con-gressman, can mistake the purpose of this bill. Every one who favors it will be openly taking his place among those who favor legislation by Congress upon reli-gious subjects, and the establishment of religion by congressional decree. W. H. M. Washington, D. C. Ł Defend the Constitution. ONCE more an effort is made to turn the Constitution of the United States into a religious creed. From time to time at-tempts have been made to introduce the name of God. They have been wisely de-feated on the ground that the Constitution is a political, not a religious, document, and,it is not the work of our legislators to define their religious opinions, or those of their constituents, in that instrument. But now the attempt is made not only to introduce a declaration of faith in God, but also of faith in Jesus Christ and the Bible. The resolution introduced by Mr:Morse of Massachusetts into the House of Represen-tatives and by Mr. Frye of Maine into the Senate proposes to insert in the preamble of the national Constitution the following declaration :Š We, the people of the United States, devoutly ac-knowledging the supreme authority and just govern-ment of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and nations, grateful to him for our civil and religious liberties, and encouraged by the assurance of his Word to invoke his guidance as a Christian nation, according to his appointed way by Jesus Christ our Lord. The proposition is a most extraordinary one. Not only God, but the Bible and Jesus Christ, are to be introduced into the Constitution of a Government which is not founded on a theocracy or upon Jesus Christ or the Bible, but upon the equal political rights of men of all races and all religious faiths. It is a bit of evangelical cant, which is a direct attack upon the American principle of the separation of Church and State. This pious attempt to adulterate the Con-stitution with evangelical theology will not strengthen, but weaken it. Let this precedent be accepted, and there is no tell-ing where it will stop. Once introduce God, Christ, and the Bible, and then the next step, perhaps, would be to introduce the Trinity, the doctrine of the resurrec-tion, and everlasting punishment. Then it would be necessary to include the mir-acles of Jesus, Samson, and Moses, and the dogma that the world was made in six days; and by and by the Nicene Creed or the Westminster Catechism might follow. It may be perfectly true that the great majority of the people of the United States believe in God and the Bible as a divine revelation, and Jesus Christ as a divine being; but this does not furnish the slight-est reason. why the Constitution of the United States should be turned into a reli-gious creed, in direct contempt of the reli-gious beliefs of Jews and Unitarians and Universalists, and many other Christians, who do not accept the orthodox creed, and who do not believe in excluding from political fellowship naturalized citizens, whether Buddhists, Mohammedans, Brah-mans, Shintoists, or what not, who call God by some other name, who regard Jesus Christ as a man, and who revere as sacred some other book. Mr. Morse and  Mr. Frye were not sent to Congress as evangelists, and the resolution they have introduced is nothing more nor less than an invasion of the Constitution and an attack upon the liberties of the American people. Let the Constitution be defended against such mistaken friends.ŠChris-tian Register, March 15. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, b&cause no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra. 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction-ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, $2. 50. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BOOKS FOR LITTLE ONES. We are pleased to say to our many friends who have asked us in regard to books for little ones that BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES, AND ITS COMPANION, Little Folks' Bible Gallery, contain the most perfect and complete outfit of Bible illustrations and stories that we have been able to find. We can recommend them, or either one, to every one desirous of obtaining something good as a gift for a child. Size 7 x 9 inches, 96 pages each ; 44 full-page pictures in -one, 45 in the other. Price $1 each, or both together, post-paid, $1.7 5. Order of PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City Or Oakland, Cal. rs  cAVEATSIIADE MARKs COPYRIGHTS. CAN I OBTAIN A 'PATENT? For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to MUNN & CO., who have ]tad nearlytifty years' experience in the patent business. CommunicaŁ tions strictly confidential. A Handbook of In-formation concerning Pa tents and how to ob-tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan-ical and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public with-out cost to the inventor. This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. $3 Edition Sample copies sent free. Building , monthly, $2.50 a year. Single copies, Ła,5 cents. Every number contains beau-tiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address MUNN & CO., NEW lona, 361 Bno.anwxy. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINE THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making alt told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. & T. A. C. (0 G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. By., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. 