AMERICAN SENTINEL. 729 WOULD it not be more consistent, and altogether better, for Christians to oppose the vice of intemperance with those spiritual weapons of warfare designed for Christians, and which "are mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds?" THERE is much dispute in this country over the question whether imperialism, as a policy of the Govern-ment, really exists or not. Whichever view one may take, it is a fact beyond any dispute that imperialism has been made a campaign issue in the recent elections,  and bids fair to become a leading issue in the greater campaign of 1900. This, for a myth, would be a re-markable record. It may also be noted, as bearing on the question, that the Government, under the influence of something, has become intimately friendly with an empire, and has turned its back upon two republics which are struggling for their lives in South Africa. Ł THE author of a book on modern war, M. Bloch, has pointed out in the same the increased destructiveness of the latest devices for killing men in battle over those formerly employed; which appears to be already demon-strated by accounts of the loss of life in the South Afri- can war. On the point of the deadly effectiveness of shell fire to day M. Bloch says:Š "In 1870 an ordinary shell when it burst broke into from 19 to 30 pieces. To-day it bursts into 240. Shrapnel fire in 1870 only scattered 37 death dealing missiles. Now it scatters 340. A bomb weighing about 70 pounds thirty years ago would have burst into 42 fragments. To-day, when it is charged with peroxilene, it breaks up into 1,200 pieces, each of which is hurled with much greater velocity than the larger lumps which were scattered by a gunpowder explosion." Ł Ł A WHITE PLAINS (N. Y.) dispatch of recent date gives the following in relation to Sunday "rowdyism" in a neighboring town:Š "A complaint having been made to Sheriff Malloy against Sunday football playing and rowdyism in the town of Elmsford, midway between Tarrytown and White Plains, steps were taken to day to abate the nuis-ance. At 3 o'clock this afternoon Under-sheriff Jarvis with some thirty deputies made a descent upon the Ledger House in Helmsford, where the Marion Football Team of Irvington and the Sylvan Football Eleven of New York City were. He found fifty boys between nine and eighteen years old drinking beer and playing the slot machines. William L. Ward, the' proprietor, was ordered to clear the house and close it up at once. The posse then moved to the football groun ds, where at least 600 persons were awaiting the game. There were many girls present, ranging in age from thirteen to twenty.' The arrival of, the deputies was greeted with jeers. The deputies drove the crowd from the grounds. It was  long after sundown before the deputies rid themselves of the throng." With reference to the foregoing one may pertinently inquire: (1) Is rowdyism a thing to be stopped, because (in any case) it occurs on Sunday? and (2) If there were no law favoring idleness on Sunday, would there be the rowdyism on that day that there often is? The Shortest Thanksgiving Proclamation. THE Thanksgiving proclamation issued for this year by the governor of Kentucky, is heralded in the press as the shortest proclamation of the kind on record. It reads :Š " November 30, 1899, is hereby designated and recommended as a day of thanksgiving and prayer. " WM. 0. BRADLEY, Governor." Governor Bradley evidently does think that the occasion of a Thanksgiving-day proclamation is one in which an official of the civil government should try to make a display in a religious capacity; for which opin-ion he may well be pardoned by all believers in American principles of government. As regards the brevity of the proclamation, however, it may be remarked that the one formulated by President Thomas Jefferson was shorter than this by three lines. Sunday-Closing in Wisconsin. "SABBATH" OBSERVANCE SOCIETY TO BEGIN ACTIVE MOVEMENT AT HOSHXOSH. Chicago "Times-Herald." OSHKOSH, Wis., Nov. 5.ŠA convention that bids fair to stir up things in this city before the winter is over will open here a week from to-morrow. It is the annual gathering of the State Sabbath-Observance Society. It will last three days and will be attended by about one hundred people. The real purpose of the convention is the establish-ment of a local Sabbath-observance society, which, as soon as it gets in working order, will inaugurate a "Sun-day-closing campaign." At present saloons and places of amusement are open on Sunday, though conducted in a quiet manner. The society will attempt to close them all up and enforce the Sunday-observance laws to the letter. A similar movement was started four years ago. A detective was hired and several prosecutions brought, but the juries refused to believe the detective, and ac-quittal followed in every case. Still, there was a good deal of bitterness developed then and probably will be now. 