346 AMERICAN SENTINEL. And everybody knows that nationsŠespecially Chris-tian(?) nationsŠare "combustible." To-day this world is like a vast powder magazine. So when this rubbing begins and is continued, sparks at least will follow, and falling somewhere in this vast powder magazine, the re-sult will be a tremendous explosion. Let everybody take note that "Old Glory" is no longer the emblem of a peace-following nation; and that the un-seen hand of Destiny is even now writing "Ichabod" upon her banner. Prayer and Battle. "Oswego Daily Times," May 6. THE queen of Spain has asked the pope to pray for the success of the Spanish arms, and from a thousand pulpits in America invocations have gone up to heaven for Spanish defeat. At a recent church conference, in particular, the. delegates fairly shouted for war against "Catholic Spain." What is a perplexed Providence to doŠassuming that Providence hearkens to all the prayers of the faith-ful? . . . What is the real "Christian spirit" in such a case as the present? Shall we, in view of last Sunday's victory at Manila, sing a new doxology, as suggested by a flip-pant New Yorker?Š "Four hundred Spaniards gone below, Praise God from whom all blessings flow." It is a hard question, nor does it seem to grow easier however fast the advance of civilization (with a big C). After all, are we a whit better than our savage forbears? A yearŠtwo yearsŠago, we were talking as if the day of battles and bloodshed had passed, to make way for the new era of arbitration. Who talks of arbitration now? If anyone, his voice is lost in the clamor for the 'latest news from the fleet, raised in the blood-thirsty hope that the remnant of the Spaniards may all have gone to Davy Jones' locker. ••Ł44  RECENTLY a Spanish gunbbat in a Cuban port fired into a British ship which was near by, loaded with coal, and apparently about to leave the harbor. Later the Spanish officials represented to the British authorities that the shot was an accident, and this explanation seems to have been accepted; on account, perhaps, of the fact that the shot took effect in the hull of the British vessel. IT is reported that the Jesuit order numbers 14,251 members. Of these 6,000 are priests who read mass and 4,416 are students and novitiates. Of the twenty-two provinces into which the world is divided Germany is the strongest, having 1,662 fathers and 1,141 students; Spain comes next with 1,002 and 1,070; France, 1,633 and 689; England 989 and 920; Italy 782 and 601. The smallest province is that of Mexico where there are only 186 members in all. Natural Enough. EDITOR SENTINEL : When the news of Admiral Dewey's victory at Manila reached this country an officer of Com-modore Schley's Flying Squadron stated, so it was re-ported in one of the New York papers, that he would wil-lingly have given his right arm for the privilege of Ł being in that battle. The reason assigned was that he had been educated for that kind of work, and he wanted an opportunity to put his knowledge into practice; and, it is to be presumed, show how well he had learned his art. This is natural enough'. What is an education for if it is not to put the knowledge acquired to the use for which it was intended? This man has been taught how to kill men in the most scientific manner, and it seems to him that without the chance to do this work his life is a failure, and his time wasted. Never before, in this country, was the spirit of milita-rism so prevalent as it is now. It is everywhere. Even the school children, boys and girls, in some places are being taught the use of weapons of war. Who cannot see that the same desire to kill men will be the logical outcome.of this, as in the case of the naval officer referred to above. The chances are quite good that opportunities for this kind of work will not be lacking from now on. The war spirit has taken hold of Americans. It will not easily let go. It is plainly seen at home and abroad, that the mili-tary and naval strength of this country must be increased so as to make this nation second to none in the whole world. We see the beginning; _ who will see the end, and what will it be? C. H. K. A New Map of the World. EDITOR SENTINEL : The following editorial statement by the Chicago Times-Herald, April 27, was very signifi-cant when published. It is now doubly so in view of the threatened complications over the Spanish war:Š "Metaphorically, Europe is a powder magazine, which one spark would ignite. If a nation like France, for in-stance, should espouse the cause of Spain, all Europe would be ablaze with war within a fortnight. A new map of the world would have to be made when hostilities were ended, and on that map there would be no such country as' Spain." There will, indeed, have to be a new map of the world after this looked-for conflict of the nations, and it can be said just as confidently that on that map there will be no such country as the United States. For "the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and theelements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also, and the works that are therein shall be burned up," and there will follow, "a new heaven and a new earth," where there will be "no more sea." J. D. BRADLEY. 