516 AMERICAN SENTINEL.. American $entineL NEW YORK, AUGUST 18, 1898. WHEREVER mercy and justice ap-pear, there is written the name of God. No HUMAN law was ever enacted to enforce the observance of the true Sabbath. SIN and slavery came into the uni-verse together, and have gone hand in hand ever since. THE United States and Spain are now again at peace, and there is satis-factionŠon one side. Only the peace of God brings perfect satisfaction to all who have it. Is TEE Roman Catholic religion impotent ? or is it a deadly incubus ? The condition of the Spanish people and nation to-day affirms that it must be one or the other. "PEACE I leave with you," said Je-sus to his disciples; "My peace I give unto you; not as the world giveth give I unto you." John 14:27. And his disciples to-day may be thankful that Jesus does not give peace as the world gives it. FROM the scenes which mark the reestablishment of peace in tropical America, the eye of the spectator, turning away, rests upon the pros-pect of war between Russia and Great Britain. Apparently the most fra-gile thing in the world is the world's peace. How is the question of the control of the Philippines to be settled? That is the overshadowing question of the whole settlement of the relations be-tween Spain and the United States. That is the one question in which others of the world's powers are par-ticularly concerned. Public senti ment in this country is universally against the thought of giving the islands up again to the domination of Spain; and political sentiment in EuropeŠoutside of EnglandŠis uni-versally against their being kept by the United States. And to give them to any one of the Powers of Europe would provoke an immediate storm among all the other Powers. Nor will it give satisfaction anywhere to let the people of the islands try to govern themselves. That would not develop the resources of the islands as the great trade loving powers want to see them developed. It is a marvelous thing, and a thing charac-teristic of these days of earth's his-tory, that the United States should have thus become involved in the in-tricacies of OldWorld political con-tentions, out of which most momen_ tons and startling developments may be expected. Now THAT there is peace, the press is proclaiming that there will be business prosperity throughout the country. We hope there will; but if business prosperity could be secured as easily as terms of peace can be ar-ranged between belligerents, hard times would be much more infrequent than they are. Peace between capi-tal and labor is the peace that is most needed by the business world. THE author of the "Items of W. C. T. U. History," which have for some months been a feature of the SENTI-NEL, writes from the standpoint of a thorough knowledge of and sympa-thy with the purposes and motives of the W. C. T. U., gained by long years of identification with that body as national evangelist. The SENTI-NEL is glad to present through its columns this series of historical sketches relating to the character and work of the W. C. T. U., by one so well qualified to speak on this sub-ject, and trusts they may be the means of a better understanding be-tween those who, as workers together for one Master, have yet stood op-posed to each other in the matter of  Sabbath legislation. To this end we must recognize the sincerity and hon-esty of the promoters of this idea of reform, both in the W. C. T. U. and elsewhere. To impugn the motives of our opponents is a common but altogether unchristian proceeding, and one in which we have doubtless erred much. In this let us take heed to ourselves for the future. The pro-moters of Sabbath legislation have of course yet to see the difference be-tween a misdirected zeal and true faith; that any legislation for the observance of a weekly rest day must be religious; and that all religious legislation cannot but be contrary to God. For this we will hope and labor. IT is reported that the French court of inquiry appointed to investigate the "Bourgogne" disaster, in which nearly all the crew were saved and nearly all the passengers drowned, have actually exonerated the officers and crew from all blame, and not only that, but have found that the crew behaved so gallantly, many of them, that they are entitled to be decorated with medals of honor! Verily French justice, as illustrated by this and the Dreyfus affair, is a. picturesque thing. Such proceedings remind one of the wisdom' of the ostrich. THE "peace protocol" between this country and Spain provides among other things, "that the United States will occupy and hold the city, bay, and harbor of Manila pending the conclusion of a treaty of peace, which shall determine the control, disposi-tion, and government of the Philip-pines." All appearances indicate that this will give the United States possession of the bay and city of Ma-nila for a long time to come. WILL some of our good friends who say they can't understand the SEN-T INEL, please point out to us some of these obscurities which they run across. 