AMERICAN SENTINEL. 349 ure with thoughts of a European peace and disarma-ment congress,' that Napoleon 'protested from his exile that the object of all his wars had been to restore the `beau ideal de la civilization,' by applying to the Euro-pean nations the systems of the Greek Amphictyony.' It is said that even Moltke, in his young days, braved ridicule by confessing his belief in the idea of a general European peace, and thought that a mutual disarma-ment might possibly be a question only of decades. "So much for the idea as it has fascinated military men, to say nothing of a long string of religious teach-ers and philosophers. And now for the attempt to put it into practice. This, too, is not original. The scheme of the Holy Alliance in 1815, the proposal of Napoleon III. in 1863, were quite as practical as anything that is likely to come out of the czar's conference. But they simply amounted to a demonstration that the difficul-ties were insuperable. In the present relations of nations the notions of peace and disarmament are incompatible. To disarm is to invite attack over many an unsettled problem, while the maintenance of a large army compels peace through fear." An Interesting Offshoot of Republicanism. New York " World." PRESIDENT SCHTIRMAN, the head of Mr. McKinley's Philippine Commission, has submitted the following scheme of government, of which the President cables his approval:Š "While the final decision as to the form of goverment is in the hands of Congress, the President, under his mili-tary powers, pending the action of Congress, stands ready to offer the following form of government: " 'A Governor General to be appointed by the Presi-dent; a cabinet to be appointed by the Governor-General; all the judges to be appointed by the President; the heads of departments and judges to be either Americans or Filipinos or both; and also a general advisory coun-cil, its members to be chosen by the people by a form of suffrage to be hereafter carefully determined upon.' "The President earnestly desires that bloodshed cease and that the people of the Philippines at an early date enjoy the largest measure of self-government com-patible with peace and order." This is a wide departure from the views expressed by President Schurman in a letter to the World on the 31st of August last:Š "This Republic, whose soul is self government, does not want Asiatic dependencies or the military despotism they would entail. The proximity of Cuba made its mis-government our affair. But we are not called upon to rectify the tyrannies of Africa or Asia. Nor are we under any obligation to Aguinaldo and the insurgents. Let us keep to our own hemisphere, seeking only naval sta-tions in the Old World." This was wise, sane, American. The "form of gov-ernment" now suggested for the Philippines is a com- bination of the Spanish and the English systems. There is nothing American about it. What is there in our  Constitution or our history to warrant the appointment by the President of a "governor-general" of a possession 10,000 miles away, who in turn is to appoint a "cabi-net" and to cooperate with judges, "all to be appointed by the President," in ruling 8,000,000 mongrels and barbarians? The sole part of the Filipinos in the government of theft; islands is to be an "advisory council" whose advice the real rulers are under no obligation to takeŠchosen under a "form of suffrage" to be determined on by their conquerors. Is not this an interesting offshoot of re-publicanism? "No Escape." "New York Press" Correspondent. ONE of the sights of New York: About as many Irish-men as Italians are hired to tear up 125th Street for the underground trolley. On Wednesday I happened to be near Eighth Avenue as the hands were being paid off. Half a dozen or more Sisters of Charity formed a hollow square around them, and not a guilty man escaped their silent importunity. The Italians, however, without opening their envelopes, jammed -the pay in pocket and ran as hard as they could till well out of reach. The Irishmen, without a growl or grumble that could be heard, went to the slaughter with the same courage that carried them under O'Neill to the destruction of the Eng-lish at the battle of Benburb. Every man gave his tithe and felt blessed. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. TO OURPATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   1-1:1ŁTTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year - " Six months - Three months 