98 THE AIVIERICA_N SENTINEL. money by not helping themselves to it when they have an opportunity. But nobody thinks of entitling a bill to punish theft, "A bill to prevent persons from being forced to steal." And why not 3ŠSimply because it is perfectly proper to forbid and punish stealing, and it is not necessary to cover up the real design of a law for that purpose; but the doubt in the American mind, as to the propriety of bolstering up religious institutions by civil law, makes it necessary to disguise a law the purpose of which is to require of every individual, within its jurisdiction, a measure of religious observance. Sunday is by many regarded as a holy day, and that is why laws are demanded forbidding secular labor and business upon it. This is stated as a truism by Hon. J. T. Ringgold of the Baltimore Bar in " Law of Sunday." He says :- 1. Sunday is a holy day. 2. The holiness of Sun-day is to be recognized by remaining idle on that day; and not so to remain is to 'be immoral, 3. Sunday idleness is enforced as a religious [Chris-tian] duty in the individual. And to a belief of these propositions is properly attributable every Sunday law that ever .was enacted with the exception of that by Constantine, in 321 A. D., which edict seems to have been solely in honor of the sun god. Mr. Breckinridge's bill ought to be entitled, " A bill to require everybody to manifest some regard for Sunday as a religions institution whether they so regard it or not." The original Sabbath is a memorial of the creation. Its intelligent observance is a recognition of God as the Creator of the heavens and the earth. It pertains solely to our recognition of God. Like-wise, Sunday, the day now generally kept, is observed as a memorial of the resurrec-tion of Christ. Its significance is, therefore, wholly religious. Thus, look at it either from the standpoint of the seventh or the first day, the keeping of a weekly rest, has reference to the recognition  of God as the proper object of worship. There-fore to require such observance under any pretext whatever, is, as Mr. Ringgold confesses, to require the observance of a religious institution. This, Congress has no right to do in the District of Columbia or anywhere else. The First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." To make any law whatever requiring any measure of religious observance would abridge the free exercise of religion, for one is not free to do that which he must do. To be free to do, one must be equally free not to do. That conception of religious liberty which defines it as " freedom to worship God according to the dictates of a right, con-science" is misleading and dangerous. The original American doctrine is, that in all nlatters of religion the individual  should be left absolutely free in the sense of being equally at liberty either to wor-ship or to neglect to -worship. This free-dom is taken away when men are required to observe, in any measure,, a religious institution. The Breckinridge Sunday bill would, therefore, be entirely out of place upon our statute books. C. P. B. Are Tennessee Sunday Laws Religious? IN his " Law of Sunday," on page 84, Mr. Ringgold says :Š The historical fact is, of course, just as well known to the pundits of the bench as to other scholars, that the Sunday laws were intended by those who passed them as the assertion of a reli-gious dogma, and designed to force an external compliance with a portion of their ritual upon those who did' not believe in the dogma or approve the ceremonial; that the men who concocted such laws were religious enthusiasts, and not physiolo-gists. The original act of 1741, -Upon which the present Sunday law of Tennessee is based is, then, the assertion of a religious dogma and designed to enforce a com-pliance with some requirement of an eccle-siastical ritual upon those who protest against submitting to such requirement. This is well borne out by the language of the statute which says that "all and every person and persons whatsoever, shall on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety." The evident religious intent of this statute is also upheld by judicial opinion in one of the early recorded Tennessee cases brought under it, where the judge said, "The professed object of this statute wds to further the observance of the Sab-bath day, pursuant to the spirit of its original institution." The dogma to be enforced upon all, ir-respective of difference of belief, or entire unbelief, is, then, that the day "commonly called Sunday" is the Lord's day, or "the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and the portion of the ritual to which compulsory observance is to be had is that of cessa-tion from all labor and amusement upon that day, that it may be remembered " pursuant to the spirit of its original institution," which is, according to the statute, by application to the duties of religion and piety. In conformity with this Judge Green said, in the case of the State vs. Eskridge, in 1852, " The object of the Legislature was to prevent the desecration of a day, which, by our law, is dedicated to the duties of religion." Again, in 1857, Judge McKinney quoted the same expression as authority for a decision made by him. In 1872 Judge Nicholson says, in Williams vs. the State, " The statute under which the indictment was framed, was intended to prevent the desecration of the Sabbath. . . . It is intended to punish those who sell, . . . those who desecrate the Sabbath." In 1878 Judge Deaderick saysŁ that " flagrant vio- lations of the Sabbath day do tend to debauch public morals." The same Judge in another decision in 1886 says further, " The statute makes it unlawful for any-one of the enumerated classes to follow his ordinary secular avocation on the Sabbath day, because it is immoral." All these judicial expressions are unim-peachable witnesses to the truth of Mr. Ringgold's statement that Sunday laws were intended to be an assertion of a religious dogma and were framed for the purpose of enforcing an external compli-ance with the dogma and ceremonial of Sunday observance upon those who do not believe in it. More than this, they prove that the judicial expressions and decisions of the present time are inspired by the same spirit which diCtated the ancient statute. Indeed, it is nowhere denied in any of these decisions that their purpose is to enforce a religious tenet, but rather affirmed. They go upon the assumption that cessation from all labor or amuse-ment, unmitigated idleness in fact, must be enforced on Sunday. Why? Because idleness on Sunday is a tenet of Christi-anity, and Christianity is a part of the common law, which has been abborbed into our law, and being thus incorporated this part of the common law antedates the constitutional guarantees of religious liberty in these United States, and these guarantees must therefore be construed with reference to the more ancient prin-ciples of English law. Therefore, put-ting this construction upon the rela-tion of the theory that Christianity was part of the law of England, and the con-stitutional limitations imposed in this country, the legislatures of the different States, and for that matter, the Congress of the United States, are not restrained from making all the laws any religionist desires for the enforcement of any religion which may make apparent to them its right to the title of Christianity, or which may commonly pass by that name. The case of R. M. King, of Tennessee, with which the readers of THE SENTINEL are familiar, adds to this unanswerable evidence that the Sunday laws of Tennes-see are religious laws, and never were intended for anything else than to enforce the observance of a religious dogma and ceremonial upon those who were unwilling to yield this obedience. Five more men of similar character and faith with R. M. King have been indicted in Henry County, Tennessee, upon a like charge. In none of these cases is there a shadow of reason for the course taken against them except that of difference of religious belief as to which day of the week should be observed as holy time. In view of these prosecu-tions, as well as those which are yet to come, the discussion of the religious laws of Tennessee, which has been running through these columns for some weeks, will be found particularly pertinent. W. Fl. M. 