I . I said"inor intended to say that in the Catholic system any forms or ceremonies were looked upon as sources of grace, nor as givers of grace. What we said is, that these things are looked upon and " used as meansŠ' means of grace 'Šwith the hope of thereby obtaining Christ." That is what we said; and what we meant in that expression is precisely what the Monitor says that Catholics believe, namely : that these forms are channels through which they hope to obtain the grace of Christ. We used the word "means" in no other sense than "channel." And the clause which said that these forms are "used as meansŠ' means of grace 'Šwith the hope of thereby obtaining Christ," would express our thought exactly if it said that these forms are used as channels through which the grace of Christ is expected to be obtained. :In that article we said in so many words that "the form of baptism, the form of the eucharist, etc., are employed in the Catholic system means of grace.' " In the attempt to deny this the Monitor says that the grace of Christ " flows through certain channels," and that " Catholics believe that the employ-ment of baptism is the way appointed by the Lord for the conferring of regenerationŠthe way by which Christ himself confers regenera- tion." Now, if there be anybody who, after reading Our statement and the Monitor's denial, can-not see that the Monitor says just what we SaidŠwho cannot, see that the SENTINEL'S word, "means," and the Monitor's words, "is the way," "the way by which," and "channels," say' the same thing,Šthen let such an one read these definitions:Š " MEANS: That through which, or by the help of which, an end is attained; something tend-ing to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure," " CHANNEL: That through which anything passes; means of passing, conveying, or transmit-ting." Thus it is as clear as anything needs to be that the Monitor's would-be denial is nothing else than a confession of all that we charged upon the Catholic system as to rit- ualism. In closing we cannot do better than to write again what we first saidŠFebruary 14, 1895-L--on this subject, and write it now in the Monitor's own words on the subject. As so written it runs thus: He who has Christ has the very life and substance of all the forms of .service and of worship which he has appointed. Then these cease to be mere ceremonies or rites, and become the expression of the living presence and power of Christ himself in the life of the believer. This is the end of rit- ualism, of ceremonialism; the end of a form of godliness without the power; the end of any employment of the form of baptism, or the form of the eucharist, etc., as "means of grace," as " channels through which grace flows," as " the way in which Christ confers regeneration" or any other grace, as these are employed in the Catholic system. " The law came by Moses, but the reality and the grace came by Jesus Christ." John 1:17 (Syriac). Now, the whole Roman Cath-olic system is only one of forms, of ceremony, of ritual. In that system all such things as baptism, the eucharist, etc., are used as means with the hope of thereby obtaining Christ; that is, as "means of grace," " chan- nels through which," "the way by which," the grace of Christ is conferred and obtained: whereas with us any such things are used al-together as the expression of the grace, the presence and the power of Christ, which we already have, by faith. Rome's is a system of salvationŠjustificationŠby works; while ours is the divine truth of salvationŠjustification Šby faith. That is what we said February 14, 1895, to the Monitor on this point, only with the Monitor's would-be denial inserted. And thereby it is made as plain as A B C that by the Monitor's own words Rome's system is ex-actly what we said it is. THE ONTARIO LORD'S DAY ALLIANCE. BY EUGENE LELAND. Ł Tins organization was formed early in the spring of the present year for the purpose of promoting the observance of the "Lord's day" in the Province of Ontario. The means which it proposes to adopt in order to meet the pur-pose of its organization have been so well stated in an article signed by the president and secretary of the association, and published in the Toronto Star, of April 8, that I shall not be charged with misrepresentation if I take the work of the Alliance to be just what it is there stated to be, especially as the object of the article referred to was to cor-rect some misrepresentations concerning it. It says:Š The Alliance is formed, not for the purpose of advancing any particular religious view respecting the nature and obligation of the Sabbath, but for the purpose of protecting the individual God-given right of every one to rest and worship on the Lord's day. This is the only passage in the article which I shall take the time to notice. The " nature" of the Sabbath,* respecting which the Alliance purposes to take no particular religious view, is rest; and as to its " obliga-tion," we find that it is simply a requirement of God to do on the Sabbath what its nature demands, and that is rest. So far, then, as the "nature and obligation of the Sabbath" are concerned, we find simply rest, and reli- gious rest at that; for the " obligation" is to "keep it holy." If it is not kept holy, it is not kept at all; and therefore the only "view" which can be taken "respecting the nature and obligation of the Sabbath," is a religious view. It is impossible to take any other view of it. To view the Sabbath from a secular standpoint, or to speak of it as being a "civil" institution, is as absurd in principle as it would be to speak of the Queen's birthday, or of any other national holiday, as being sacred or religious in character. The Sabbath is called in the Bible " My holy day," `"The Lord's day." It is a sacred, not a secular, day; and the only " view " of the Sabbath which can possibly be advanced that will cause the people to " honor it," is the religious view. But " it is not the pur-pose of the Alliance to advance any particular religious view respecting the nature and obli- gation of the Sabbath." Officially, and pub-licly, the Alliance announces to the world its purpose to disregard the only view of the Sab-bath that can truthfully be taken, and to treat the sacred institution of the Lord's day from a secular point of view. It announces its purpose to use the power of civil law to com-pel men who are Sabbath-breakers to act as if they were Sabbath-keepers. But if a man has the God-given right to rest and worship on the Lord's day, does it follow that he must be compelled to, exercise that right? Isn't it possible for him to exer-cise that right without the protection of civil *The writer uses the terms "Sabbath" and "Lord's day" in this article as applied to Sunday, not because that day is the Sabbath or Lord's day, but only because it is so called and so regarded by many, and because the principle involved in enforced Sabbath-keeping is the same whether the day re-quired to be observed is really the Sabbath or not. A " civil " law requiring the observance of the Bible Sabbath, the seventh day, would be no better in principle than is a law requiring Sunday observance. law? Every one in the world has the God-given right to breathe, to sleep, to eat; but does he need the power of civil law to assist him in the exercise of these rights? If so, in what way? The answer comes: The law pro-tects him in his right to breathe by prohibit-ing any unwholesome business locating in his vicinity, such as a slaughter-house or a tan-nery. It protects his right to eat by forbid-ding the sale of decayed or adulterated foods, such as would produce disease; and it protects his right to sleep by prohibiting boisterous or unbecoming conduct which would disturb his sleep. But does it protect a man in his God-given right to breathe, to eat, or to sleep, by compelling every one else to do these things in the same way ? And so it is of rest and worship on the Lord's day. Does it protect a man in his right to rest and worship on the Lord's day by com-pelling every other man to rest and worship on that day? The man who has the desire and the disposition to rest and worship on the Lord's day can do so whether any other man on the face of the earth does or not. It is not necessary that every other man, nor any other man should be compelled to rest and worship on the Lord's day simply because I want to rest and worship on that day. It is an act of arbitrary power, of usurpation, of tyranny, to compel one man.  to perform an act of religious worship because some other man, or some association of men, wishes to worship in that manner. And that we have not misrepresented the work of the Alliance will be plainly seen by reading the quotation from their official announcement as given above. The object of the Alliance is thus stated: " The Alliance is formed . . . for the purpose of protect-ing the individual, God-given right of every one to rest and worship on the Lord's day. The legislature does not create this right, but recognizes and safe-guards it." That is a very worthy object, if by the protection, recogni-tion, and safe-guardianship, is meant simply the protection of the individual from injury and incivility which is afforded by the govern-mental power on the Lord's day the same as on other days of the week, and no more so; but that is not what the Alliance means. It means by " protection," the power which the State exercises to compel the individual to ob-serve the Lord's day. But such protection and safe-guardianship does not protect the individual in any right, but it does protect the day. The person who is thus under the guard-ianship of the governmental power "rests," and perhaps(?) " worships " on the Lord's day, not because he has a God-given right to do so, but because he is compelled to do so; not because God commands him to observe the day, but because the State requires it; not because he loves God, but because he fears man; and it is time that people should know that such rest and worship is sheer hypocrisy! " The individual, God-given right to rest and worship on the Lord's day," or on any other day, can have no existence without the existence at the same time of the individual, and equally God-given, right not to rest and worship, if the individual does not choose to do either. What kind of a right, forsooth, is it which one is compelled to exercise? Does the man who is drafted into the army, or who pays his taxes, exercise any right in doing either? A right can have no existence where there is not a freedom of choice. The volun-teer exercises a right when he joins the army, because he has the freedom to choose whether he will go or stay at home; but the man who is drafted into the army exercises no right when he goes, because he has no choice in the 