12 THE AMP:RICAN' SENTINE'L. ratio ready to encroach. They intimidate, they bribe, they plot, and by degrees establish a compar-atively coercive government. On the other hand, amongst a people sufficiently endowed with the faculty responding to the law of equal freedom, no such retrograde process is pos-sible. The man of genuinely democratic feeling loves liberty as a miser loves gold, for its own sake, and quite irrespective of its advantages. What he thus highly values, he sleeplessly watches ; he quickly detects any attempt at diminution of it; and he op-poses aggression the moment it commences. Should any one assume undue prerogatives, he straightway steps up to them and demands their authority for so doing. Transactions that seem in the remotest degree underhand awaken his suspicions, which are not to be laid so long as anything remains unex-plained. He scents out an abuse with instinctive sagacity, and having found one never rests until it is abolished. If in any proposed arrangement there be a latent danger to the liberties of himself and othersŠany germ of irresponsible powerŠhe in-stantly discovers it, and refuses his consent. . . . Thus is he ever on the watch to extirpate incipient oppression; to nip abuses in the bud; or, if such an expression is allowable, to stop encroachment before itbegins. And when a community consists of men animated by the spirit thus exemplified, the con-tinuance of liberal institutions is certain.ŠSocial Statics, chapter xx., section 10. Thus plainly is the importance- of an en-lightened public opinion and a jealous re-gard for our liberties set forth. Let no one think that legislation in the wrong direction is of little or no importance be-cause the bill in question will entail no ,hardship. It is well to remember that precedents are sometimes more powerful than the most evident principles; and that legislation once started on the downward course is like a huge boulder rolling down a mountain sideŠalready difficult to check, but which, before we know it, attains such a velocity that it is beyond human power to affect its progress in the least, and it rushes uncontrollably on in its terrible career, crushing all before it, leaving naught but death and desolation in its path. Little do the inaugurators of re-ligious legislation seem to realize the re-sults that must necessarily follow the de-parture from the American principle of absolute separation of religion from the State. But as little as this danger is gen-erally realized, it was emphatically de-clared sixty years ago, during the Sunday mail agitation of 1829-30, in the following strong words in a report to the national House of Representatives against any legis-lation upon the Sunday question by that body :Š If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numer-ous the train of measures which would follow, in-volving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of con-science. These words should arouse the American people to a sense of the danger involved in the enactment of Sunday laws, either State or national. Aye, more than this : having seen their injustice and their dan-gerous tendency, they should never rest till the last vestige of a Sunday law is abol-ished, and every cent of the people's money is safe from appropriations to sectarian  uses. Maintain the integrity of the Fed-eral ConstitutionŠthat noblest and great-est of all political documentsŠat all haz-ards, and at whatever cost. W. A. BLAKELY. -4- Church Property Exempt from Taxation. PRESIDENT GRANT, in his message of 1875, said :Š In connection with this important question I would also call your attention to the importance of correct: ing an evil, that, if permitted to continue, will prob-ably lead to great trouble before the close of the nineteenth century. It is the acquisition of vast amounts of untaxed church property. In 1850, I believe the church property of the United States, which paid no tax, municipal or State, amounted to $87,000,000. In 1860 the amount had doubled. In 1870 it was $354,483,587. By 1900, without a check, it is safe to say this property will reach a sum ex-ceeding $3,000,000,000. So vast a sum, receiving all the protection and benefits of Government, without bearing its proportion of the burdens and expenses of the same, will not be looked upon acquiescently by those who have to pay the taxes. In a country, where real estate values enhance so rapidly with time as in the United States, there is scarcely a limit to the wealth that ing'y be acquired by corporations, religious or otherwise, if allowed to retain real estate without taxation. The accumulation of so vast a property as here alluded to, without taxation, may lead to sequestration without constitutional author-ity, and through blood. I WOULD SUGGEST THE TAXATION OF ALL PROPERTY EQUALLY. It would be well if all could realize the truth of these words, and the results that might come from such a course, if con-tinued, in the future; or even realize the imposition on the tax-payers of to-day. The Church has the protection of the State from the onslaught of her enemies; the protection, by the civil law, in her worship from disturbance by disbelievers or fanatics without a cent of remunera-tion; and just the same benefit as the in-dividual, business corporation, society, or order that pays taxes for the support of the State and national Governments under which we live. I am a believer in the religion of Jesus Christ, and would not say or do anything to bring it into disrepute or cast it down. But I do think, nevertheless, and it is true, that any society, religious or otherwise, having the benefits derived from the Gov-ernment, should be equally taxed. And further, when any individuals or corporations are exempt from taxation it falls upon the remaining individuals and corporations to make up the required amount of taxi Therefore there is not only a class re-ceiving the benefits derived from the Gov-ernment without paying their share for such benefit, but, on the other hand, the masses are compelled to pay indirectly not alone for the protection, but also for the support and upbuilding of religious sects, and thereby religions which they cannot espouse. As an example, I will' mention the Catholic Church, as it is the greatest in numbers in the United States. Just.see the millions of dollars worth of property owned by her, not taxed. The same with  other churches, but to a less extent. Is this justice ? I say, No. WE OUGHT ALL to say, with James A. Garfield, in his words to Congress, June 22 1874, as fol-lows :Š The divorce between Church and State ought to be absolute. It ought to be so absolute that no Church property anywhere, in any State, or in the Nation, should be exempt from equal taxation ; for if you exempt the property of any ChurCh organiza-tion, to that extent you impose a tax upon the whole community. S. H. CARNAILUN. The Sabbath as a Civil Institution. UNDER the above heading, the official organ of the American Sabbath Unioii published some time since an article writ-ten by the Hon. E. S. Fancher, of New York. He begins by saying :Š The Christian Sabbath is observed and well estab-lished in the United States of America as a day of rest and religious worship ; and both by the common law and by statutory legislation it is protected as a civil institution. What right has the Government to pro-tect as a civil institution that which is not a civil institution ? The writer calls it "The Christian Sabbath," and yet he says "it is protected as a civil institution." Christian institutions are not civil insti-tutions, and no one has any moral right to treat them as such. Yet this is what the American Sabbath Union is organized to do. The writer continues :Š In all the States of the Union the principles of the common law prevail, and in nearly all of them the Sabbath of Christianity is regulated by laws passed to secure the peace and good order of the commu-nity. Notice that it is the "Sabbath of Chris-tianity" which is "regulated by laws." This is what the American Sabbath Union upholds. But what right has the civil Gov-ernment to regulate Christianity by law ? When the Roman Empire regulated Chris-tianity by law, they had a union of Church and State; and wherever Christianity is established or regulated by law in this country, we have a union of Church and State. But when this is so, and every per-son is compelled to conform to such regu-lations, how can any man worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science ? It has always been the plea of those who regulated religion by law that it was abso-lutely necessary "to secure the peace and good order of the community." That is the old story. But no Sunday laws are needed to secure the peace and good order of the community. There are laws to se-cure peace and good order on every day, Sunday included; and if these laws can be enforced on all of the days, there is no need of Sunday laws for that purpose. When, therefore, the American Sabbath Union asks for Sunday legislation, it must be for some other purpose than the one here given. Again, the writer says :Š Sabbath observance was enjoined and regulated by colonial laws before any organization of the Gov- 