30 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1'AitriOlVA14 ft~li Libcrtll fissoGiatiou JG8T/CZ ICE" -T".61AtE AND TM ..tivIlLGh tOREVeg5"1" DE GLIIRRTION OF PRING1PLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor frank as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit- ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. THE "Bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday," in the District of Columbia, reintroduced in this Congress by Representative Breckinridge of Tennessee, is the same as that in-troduced in the last Congress by the same Congress-man. THE Iowa Bulletin quotes an exchange as saying, in its disgust at the endless list of petitions to Con-gress for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, that " the next petition that will be sent to the upper Legislature will be to have heaven closed on Sunday." A CORRESPONDENT of the Twentieth Century finds what he denominates " Two Conflicting Christian Maxims," that is: 1. " Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." 2. "Keep the World's Fair closed on Sundays." To find the reason for the discrepancy between these two expressions is not an unprofitable mental exercise. It may be found that one of the " max-ims" is not Christian. THE Pittsburg dispatches of January 17 chronicle the progress of the attack on Sunday newspapers by the Law and Order League thus: " Sunday papers were sold all over Pittsburg and Allegheny, as usual, to-day. Thomas Matthews, who was fined $25 and costs yesterday, Az sales of three weeks ago, has appealed the case, and will have it carried to the Supreme Court. He disposed of all the papers he could get his hands on to-day, people going put of their way to buy from him. New York, Philadelphia, and other eastern papers were handled as usual at the Union News Company's stands. The Company had forty em-ployes at work. " Superintendent Re R. Burke has returned from New York, and says General Manager Williams advises him to co-operate with the Pittsburg news-papers in fighting the Law and Order Society." THE following is a despatch from Paris, France:Š "There is a movemeneon foot here to secure the popular observance of Sunday, and a very strong society has been formed to further this cause. The honorary President of the society, Senator Jules Simon, said to-day, We desire that our workmen may have a day's rest once a week, and Sunday is naturally the day we have chosen. But our under-taking is a difficult one, because it runs counter to  numerous customs and interests-which do not like to be interfered with. At present our factory hands and shop people work not only during the long hours of every week day, but also on Sundays. We do not wish to forbid people working on Sun-day if they wish to do so, but we aim to prevent them from forcing other people to work.' "M. Leon Say, the eminent political economist and deputy, who is President of the society, said: Our society is the result of a congress of social economists, held in Paris during the exhibition of 1889. It was then unanimously recognized that a weekly day of rest is indispensable to the working masses. We do not ask for legislation, but depend entirely for success upon the power of persuasion. And it can not be said that we have hitherto labored in vain. Two years ago our society numbered twenty persons; to-day we count over twenty-five hundred members, made up of Republicans and Monarchists, Catholics and Protestants, bishops and freethinkers. We have already achieved some practical results. In the post-office we have got the hours shortened on Sunday, and we are now laboring with the railroad companies.' " REPRESENTATIVE SPRINGER, of Illinois, has pre-sented in the House the memorial of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, and their proposed amendment to the Constitution, which reads as follows:Š No State shall pass any law respecting the estab-lishment of any religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding by appropriation, payment for services, ex-penses or otherwise, any church, religious denomi-nation, or religious society, or undertaking which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiasti-cal control. It seems pertinent to inquire, if this should be incorporated in the Constitution of the United States, what would become of the religious laws already on the statute books of the different States, and what bearing would it have on the different appropriations for the World's Fair, should the many petitions to Congress be heard, and that pass partially under ecclesiastical control ? AT the annual meeting of the American Sabbath Union recently held in Springfield, much was said about the pernicious influence of the Sunday paper. It was even argued that the civil law should prohibit a paper intended for Sunday circu-lation, although the work on the paper was done Saturday, if it was not of a religious character. One of the most objectionable features, in the esti-mation of the convention, was the advertisements published in Sunday newspapers, which caused the mind to dwell on secular matters, and thus unfitted it for the teachings of the pulpit. In view of this, it will be interesting to learn that a clergyman, a member of the American Sab-bath Union, recently distributed to his Sunday evening audience, a programme of the services, on the back of which were advertisements of a pork-packing and jobbing firm, a laundry, jewelry store, real estate firm, and lastly, an advertisement for more advertisements. The publishers of Sunday newspapers do not in-vade the place and hour of worship and thrust a copy of their advertising sheets in the face of each worshiper. " Why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye ?" THE Washington Post gives some condensed in-formation in reference to the " King's Daughters," an organization now in open affiliation with the National Reform Association and the Sabbath Union, which is of interest:.Š "The great Order of the King's Daughters is car-rying on its work of organization as rapidly as pos-sible in the different States. Something of the phenomenal growth of the order may be gathered  from the reports of these organizations' secretaries. A little more than a year ago the first State Secre-tary wa3 appointed in Massachusetts, and there are now chronicled in her report the names of 445 circles, with a membership of 6,524. There are twelve denominations represented, working along fifteen lines of work. Connecticut has had a State Secretary for a year and a half and enrolls 1,000 members in 100 circles. It is not yet five years since the first silver cross on its purple ribbon was carried over the border into Canada, and now in the Province of Ontario, circles of King's Sons and Daughters flourish in fifty cities, and contain a membership of 1,800 people. South Carolina has 1,633 members, and Illinois a registry of 3,782. Day nurseries, kindergartens, free employment bureaus, reading rooms, rest cottages, and other lines of work as varied as the ingenuity of the human brain will admit are formulated and carried to successful issue by this Legion of King's Daugh-ters In His Name." Word and Work, of London, England, has a paragraph showing the progress of the Sunday ob-servance movement in England, as follows :Š " The Working Men's Lord's Day Rest Associa-tion has issued a New Year's Address, which shows that after a silence of nine years the House of Commons has once more opposed the Sunday open-ing of museums, by 166 votes against 39. It goes on to say that the efforts to establish Sunday con-certs had elicited important protests from several theatrical artists, who felt the need of Sunday rest. Concerts on Sunday for money payments are illegal, but constant efforts are made to evade the law. Seventy-five Members of Parliament and peers had expressed their disapproval of the proposed visit of the Emperor of Germany to the Naval Exhibition on a Sunday, and the visit took place on a Friday. Improvements as to Sunday opening had taken place at the People's Palace. The most marvellous progress had been made in securing one day's rest in seven on the Continent. Efforts were being made to prevent the Sunday opening of the Chicago Ex-hibition. The bill for closing public-houses on Sun-days had been supported by 4,678 petitions, having 892,253 signatures. Sunday labor in connection with Sunday excursions had increased, and there were six distinct organizations striving to secu-larize the Sunday in' London. Forty illustrated lectures on Sunday observance had been given; 283,000 publications had been issued; about 4,000 letters, etc., had been received, and 52,000 letters, book packets, etc., sent from the office in 1891. The cause of Sunday rest had lost powerful sup-porters by the decease during the year of the late Right Hon. W. H. Smith, Sir R. N. Fowler, and Sir Thomas Chambers. The committee appeals for more extended support." FROM the Boston Herald:Š 'AMERICAN STATE PAPERS ON SUNDAY LEGIS-LATION. " It was a happy thought when Mr. William Addison Blakely decided to compile and annotate the Amer- ican State papers bearing on Sunday legislation. It is a subject which is constantly coming up for dis- cussion, and then the question always is, What is the law upon the subject A suitable introduction is furnished to the work, in which the principle in- volved in Sunday legislation is brought out, and then follow the national and State documents which deal with these matters, very largely anno- tated by Mr. Blakely, and admirably edited. In the appendix the text of the different State Con-stitutions is given in full as it bears on this subiect, and many other important papers are also added.  The volume, taken as a whole, will be found of very great value, and it ought to find its way into every library and into every editorial office in the country. `American State Papers Bearing on Sunday Legislation.' 8vo. Compiled and annotated by William Addison Blakely, counsellor-at-law. National Religious Liberty Association, 43 Bond Street, New York." R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 