THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 375 reversible." Sozomen's "Ecclesiastical History," Book I, chap. 9. Neander says that this furnished to worldly-minded bishops "a welcome occasion for devoting themselves to any foreign and secular affairs, rather than to the appropriate business of their spiritual calling ; and the same class might also allow themselves to be gov-erned by impure motives in the settlement of these disputes." Vol. 2, sec. 2. Thus the way was open for the church to exalt itself above the civil power, and the dignitaries of the church were not slow to seize the opportunity. This point gained, the highest offices in the church were filled by political methods, and through intrigue and bloodshed the worst characters became bishops, some-times before any formal initiation into the church. With these, no opposition of any kind was tolerated, and any one who dared to be out of harmony with a bishop, paid the penalty with his life. All this naturally grew out of the false notions of theocracy entertained by the church of that time. If the state was a theocracy all government must be moral, as the government of God. In this way the church became the state, and the state the church. This accomplished, the church of Rome was not long in securing an empire, known as the estates of the church, and its bishops lived in a style of luxury and pomp rivaling that of the emperor himself. But when the church thus permitted itself to surrender the power of the gospel for that of regal splendor, it only hastened the nation's downfall. Corruption of the most fetid kind permeated both church and state, and ennervated the people. This made them an easy prey to the barbarians of the North who dismembered and destroyed the empire. The Dark Ages followed, and for hundreds of years religious wars and religious persecutions af-flicted the people of Europe. Not one of these was necessary had the great truth been recognized, "that the state has no concern with the opinions of men, and no right to interfere, even in the slightest degree, with the form of worship which they may choose to adopt." Buckle's History of Civilization, vol. 1, page 19o. The theocratical theory has, in fact, always wrought mischief when introduced into human gov-ernments. It could not be otherwise ; for that theory undertakes to make the Bible the rule of government, and to administer civil affairs according to the inter-pretation placed on the Bible by the officers of the government. This takes away the right of private judgment, extends the authority of law to opinions, as well as to acts, and so destroys the individuality of every subject of the government, which always was, and always will be, utterly ruinous. 3. 0. CORLISS. Force Excluded. No worker for Christ during the Christian era has accomplished more for the gospel than the great Apostle Paul. He was an incessant worker. From city to city, country to country he worked, under the direct guidance (the privilege of every gospel min-ister) of the Holy Ghost. It must be admitted that he had wonderful success in dealing with human minds. Nearly everywhere he went, believers were left be-hind to mourn his departure. On one occasion the whole church accompanied him to the seashore, and there, when he had spoken with them and "kneeled down and prayed with them all," we are told that "They all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him," Surely such manifestations reveal the fact that this servant of Christ had a strong hold upon the affection of those for whom he labored. Perhaps one secret of his wonderful success lay in the fact that he believed and acted upon the principle that perfect liberty of action was the inalienable right of every man. He would compel no one. He wished to receive no forced hospitalities ; and so he hired a house at one place and worked, supporting himself and those with him, while he preached the gospel. He wanted no unwilling contributions. "Let every man be fully pursuaded (not forced) in his own mind." "Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give ; not grudgingly, or of necessity ; for God loveth a cheerful giver." Then to show how carefully he respected the wishes of others, even though .personally he could have ad-vantaged himself, another instance is recorded by in-spiration for our learning. He was old, and a pris-oner. Philemon, a believer, had a servant Onesimus. They had had trouble, and Onesimus had left his master. Through Paul's efforts he had been con-verted, and in the prison at Rome had relieved Paul's sufferings very much. But Paul thought his master might need him, so he writes him a letter, sending Onesimus home with it. He writes : "Wherefore though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient, yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ. I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have be-gotten in my bonds, which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me; whom I have sent again; thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels ; whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel: But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly." Philemon 8-14. People who go about seeking to compel people to 