136 A.TVIDOTtlICA.N SMN'T'INIMLA VoL. 11, No. 17. NEW YORK, APRIL 23, 1896. Pr" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Il " An Earnest Questioner" will send us her name and address, we will take pleasure in answering her questions. ONE million ninety-six thousand seven hun-dred copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL were printed during the fiscal year ending March 31st. As we issue only fifty numbers per volume, the weekly average for the year ending March 31st was 21,934 copies, our highest average for any entire year in the history of this paper. These figures are not large, but they are encouraging, and account in large measure for the rout of the National Re-formers at the hearing in Washington on March 11th. " IT is high time that one thing should be settled in this country," says the New York Observer of April 16, " and that is the ques-tion of the entire severance of Church and State." This is at least an admission in the right direction. Most people in this country seem to imagine that here Church and State are already severed, but this is far from the truth. Not while Christianity is held to be part of the common law of the land, not while Sunday observance is commanded by the civil " law," and not while religious combinations can force legislation from Congress, will Church and State be actually severed in this country. A LETTER received, just as we go to press, from Mr. Allen Moon, President of the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association, in-forms us that C. A. Gordon and wife, the two Seventh-day Adventists of Eagle Township, Ark., sentenced on the 6th inst. by Justice DeShay, for "sabbath-breaking," are still in custody, and have been compelled to work two SabbathsŠApril 11th and 18th. As stated two weeks ago, the Sunday " law " of Arkansas expressly exempts observers of the seventh day; but in this case the statute has been overridden in the interests of Sunday " sacredness." Everything possible is being done to secure justice for this persecuted couple. They have been very brutally treated notwithstanding the fact that they are known to be respectable people. " CnIEE CoNLIN, of the Police Depart-ment, was sitting on the bench with Magis-trate Wentworth in the Jefferson Market Police Court this morning," says the Evening World, of the 13th inst. " The chief looked with amazement when he heard the complaint  of one officer who told Magistrate Wentworth that he arrested Luigi Govis, a poor Italian vender, who violated the Sunday law yester-day by selling two cents' worth of onions. The policeman looked proud as he presented his case before the magistrate in presence of his chief. My! but that's a serious crime,' said Chief Conlin in an undertone. Magis-trate Wentworth seemed to think so, for he fined Govis $1." A FEW flower venders still continue to sell in this city on Sunday, but it is illegal. The traffic in roses, pinks, violets, etc., goes on only because policemen fail to do their sworn " duty." Doubtless some ardent "reformer," or more likely some " pious" dealer who pre-fers to close and who wants no Sunday compe-tition, will discover erelong that the " law'" ought to be enforced " because it is 'law,' " and then the street corner Sunday flower venders will have to go; but the sellers of vile cigars who stand on the same corners and thrust themselves and their offensive wares upon the attention of all passers-by can legally continue their traffic, for that is the " law." Great is the Sunday law! THE Rev. W. N. Cleveland, pastor of the Presbyterian Church at Chaumont, N. Y., and brother of the President, has filed an earnest protest against the action of the St. Lawrence Presbytery in forcibly severing his pastoral relation with his church. It is al-leged that political considerations were the cause of Mr. Cleveland's dismissal. Assum-ing this to be true, his case but illustrates the state of things which will prevail when pol-itics and religion shall have been united, as is now presaged by the political activity of the churches and religious organizations. It will then be in order, when a political party comes into power, to remove church pastors for po-litical reasons, just as it is now considered to be proper to remove civil officials on the same grounds. THE agitation for stricter Sunday laws in this country has received an impetus by the announced intention of the Western League of baseball players to play Sunday games. " At Indianapolis, Ind.," says the Christian Statesman, "the ministers have taken hold of the matter with earnestness and much prac-tical unanimity, and have interviewed both the mayor of the city and the sheriff of the county." What a spectacle Š ministers of the gospel of Christ appealing to the mayor and the sheriff to prevent an act because it is regarded as irreligious! What a testimony to give to the mayor, the sheriff, and the world of their own powerlessness as ambassadors of Christ! Is irreligion to be put down in this earth by the exercise of the civil power? What is the power of the divine word for if not to turn men from sin to righteousness ? It is a pity that such " earnestness and practical unanimity " should not have been displayed in holding up the divineSacrifice  that " taketh away the sins of the world," and presenting the Sabbath of the Lord, as a day of blessing for mankind,Ša token of the Creator's love. Ah, there was the trouble; there was no " practical unanimity" among them regarding the Sabbath day, except that they believed it to be Sunday. Concerning its nature and obligation, its basis in the divine economy and its proper observance, they were all at variance. They could cite no divine authority in support of their con-tention that Sunday should be kept as a holy day. There was " practical unanimity " among them only on the one point that people ought to be made to observe Sunday as the Sabbath; and it is not to be wondered at that under such circumstances they confined their efforts to an appeal to the mayor and the sheriff. THE New York Christian Advocate, of April 16, quotes the following from Dr. A. H. Plumb:Š The civil rest day is coming to be acknowledged by all true social reformers as a precious boon for the workingman, but we may all be well assured that we cannot long have our civil rest day unless religion helps to save it for us. This is in harmony with the statement made by Rev. W. F. Crafts, a National Re-form leader, that when religion is taken out of the Sabbath day, the rest is taken out of it also; and shows that a religious observance of the rest day must be the ultimate aim of all attempts to enforce Sabbath-keeping by law. It is true that without religion, there can be no real rest in Sabbath observance; and this alone affords proof that it is just as im-possible to give men Sabbath rest by law as it is to make them religious by law. ON a recent rainy Sunday a New York street pedlar sold an umbrella to a police spy, and was arrested for desecrating the sabbath, and fined $5, in default of which he went to jail. Commenting on these facts, a Free-thought journal bitterly says:Š We are accustomed to look to the past for examples of religious barbarism, but we do not need to while such outrages as this are perpetrated in our own day. It may be said that the punishment now is not so bar-barous as formerly, but it cannot be denied that the spirit which inflicts it is as savage as ever. Advanc-ing civilization has left the Sabbatarians [improperly so called] behind in company with the Spanish In-quisitors, who, compared with their environment, were no greater monsters than the religious bigots of to day. Were it not for " examples of religious bar-barism " and intolerance there would be fewer " freethinkers." Infidelity flourishes when Christianity denies itself by appealing to civil power. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND Swum, NEW You. 