THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 371 Reading these two contradictory statements, the unbiased searcher after truth is forced to wonder how it can possibly be that if as much work is done when the weekly rest day is observed as when it is not, cessa-tion from work on that day can reduce the output one seventh, and thus be a remedy for overproduction. The only conclusion one can draw from reading such arguments is that the person making them did not aim to be logical, but had in view only the justifi-cation of Sunday laws, and seized upon any idea that seemed available for such use. .The aim was not to reveal the truth, but to maintain a cause to which a branch of the W. C. T. U. had become committed. Ar-guments which contradict and devour each other be-long not to reason, but to sophistry, and to the cause of error, not that of truth and right. Some Sunday Sophistry. "The Sunday League of America (Incorporated)" publishes at Columbus, Ohio, "Sunday Reform Leaf- lets," "issued quarterly or oftener." This is rather indefinite in view of the fact that the publication is reg-ularly "entered as second class matter ;" and the law specifies that any publication to be entitled to such entry must be "issued at stated intervals." The number before us purports to have been is-sued in April of the present year, and the first article in it is entitled "The Sunday Movement." "All over the civilized world," says the writer (which presumably is Dr. Edward Tompson), "there is increasing interest in this matter. It is found that one day of rest and thought is a necessity for the welfare of man." Doubtless what is said is true as to the increasing "interest in this matter." This must almost necessarily follow from the untiring agitation of the question by the various Sunday leagues, of which the Columbus association is only one. But the statement "that one day of rest and thought in seven is a necessity for the welfare of man," is not quite so clear. If our memory serves us, it used to be found that one day of "rest" was "necessary" not only for man but for inanimate things even. But nothing was said about "thought." But since it has been pointed out that so far as the merely animal nature is concerned, the theater is the peer of the church ; the concert equal to the sermon; the excursion as good as the trip to meeting and return ; the picnic as profitable as the regulation Sunday dinner ; the advocates of the "civil Sabbath" have been compelled to revise their argu-ments slightly, and they now couple "thought" with "rest." This is as it should be, and we hope that the subjects of this enforced "rest and thought" will oc-cupy at least a portion of the time in thinking about the rights which belong to every man in virtue of his  being a human being; one of which rights is to do as he likes, provided always he does not interfere with the equal rights of some other person. The plea so persistently put forth that "a regularly recurring seventh day of rest is a physical necessity" is fallacious. The history of the race has demonstrated quite the contrary. What country or what age ever produced a better physical or mental type of men than Greece and Rome, before idleness, luxury, and vice rendered their people effeminate ? And yet they had no Sabbath ; only the "wild solar holiday of all pagan times," which was none other than the "continental Sunday" of modern Europe, only with less restrictions, less beer, and more liberty in every other way. That a weekly Sabbath properly used is a good thing in every way, morally, mentally, and physically, we have no wish to deny. But physical rest is not, and never was, the primary object of the Sabbath. First of all the Sabbath is memorial in its history, spiritual in significance, and religious in character. It can be no more properly enforced upon anybody than can baptism or the Lord's Supper. Moreover, as before stated, not only is it incapable of demonstration that a weekly day of rest is a physical necessity, but the facts of history are all against the idea. Several years since, the Christian Statesman published the following item relative to the Jews, many of whom observe no regular weekly rest; doing busi-ness on the Sabbath of their fathers and devoting Sun-day either to business or to pleasure-seeking. The Statesman said : "Attention is being called to the comparative lon-gevity of the Jews. Thus, it is said that in Polish Rus-sia, in a population of ten thousand, three Christians die for every two Jews, and that in Austria the pro-portion is about the same. In Saxony, one Jew in fifty-one and one Christian in thirty-three expresses the comparative death rate. At Frankfort, fifty-four per cent of the Jews reach their seventieth year, against thirty-eight per cent of the Christians. In Hungary, the chances of life among the Croats is put at twenty years, the Germans at twenty-seven, and the Jews at forty-six." Even if this item did not disprove the statement so confidently made that a regular weekly rest is neces-sary to the physical well-being of man, it would utterly and forever negative the assertion that "the liberty of rest for one is dependent on a law of rest for all." For so far as these Jews observe a day of rest at all, in the manner insisted upon as essential, they observe it upon Saturday, when all the world is busy around them. The same is true of at least sixty thousand Christian Sabbalarians in this country alone, who find no difficulty in resting, nor even in worshiping, while other men are working and transacting business in close proximity to them. 