AMERICAN SENTINEL. 201 would be benefitted by the establishment of her rule would no doubt resist her to the last; and they would do this to maintain the government. Such is the power that has been acquired over men's minds by the idea that the preservation of the government, whether good or bad, is paramount to everything else. BUT it is not true that the government is the most sacred thing on earth. It is not true that any govern-ment is paramount to the people under it. Government is but the creature, and the people constitute its creator. Government, like anything else, is of value only as it fulfills the purpose for which it was instituted. In what-ever degree it becomes perverted, its value is lessened. And it is a fact that in almost every country on the earth, from the time of Nimrod down to the present, human government has perverted the object of its institution on the earth. It remained for the founders of this Republic, after the lapse of centuries of such perversion, to announce to the world once more the true principles of government, and to set up a government upon those principles. The Declaration of Independence, declaring that all men are created equal, that they are endowed with the unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and that the purpose of governments is to preserve these rights, set forth the principles of government; and the American Constitution came into being as the foundation of a government established upon them. GOVERNMENTS are to be preserved not in their own interests, but in the interests of the people. When it be-comes true that the preservation of a government is not in the interests of the people, the sooner it goes out of exist-ence, the better. As regards the manner in which Spanish government in Cuba served the interests of the people, it will be of in-terest to refer again to the speech of Senator Gallinger. Upon that point he said : "Let us look at the matter of taxation. In addition to all direct and indirect taxes on real estate, there is a tax on every door, every window, and every chimney in every house. There is a tax on every letter in every business sign. There is a tax on every name on every hotel register. Licenses are required to build houses and to paint houses. There is a tax on food animals as a whole and also a special tax on the horns, the hoof, and the hides. In addition to all this, the interest on the debt is a tremendous burden, the sal-ary of Spanish officials is beyond all reason, and the amount of money wrung from the Cubans to keep the Madrid Government from complete insolvency is simply enormous. What would we think of such a government as that? No people on the face of the earth have been so oppressed, the treasury of Spain being literally supplied  from the revenue extorted from Cuba and the Philippine Islands." Tuts is only one point in which the Spanish govern-ment fails to fulfill the purpose of government, in proving an injury rather than a benefit to the people. Another and even greater one consists in its unionwith the church. For of all things that sap the vitality of nations and bring demoralization and degeneracy upon the people, there is nothing that takes precedence of a union of church and state. Diamond Jubilee Memorial to Queen Victoria. "Present Truth," London, Eng. THE following petition signed by 336,250 women of the United Kingdom, has been laid before Her Majesty by the Secretary of State. None but women were allowed to sign it, and all signatures were of those over sixteen years of age. The petition, it will be seen, asks for noth-ing that can in any way affect the petitioners personally, but is concerned only with the welfare of others. There is no desire to curtail religious liberty, but there is a feel-ing that there should not be a class privileged under the name of liberty to exercise despotism. It is no wonder, however, if the followers of him who exalts himself above the law of God, should treat with contempt all human law:Š "MAY IT PLEASE YOUR MAJESTYŠ "We, your Majesty's loyal and loving subjects, while thankfully acknowledging the goodness of Almighty God in preserving your valuable life, and extending your ben-eficent reign to a period beyond that enjoyed by any of your royal predecessors; and while further acknowledg-ing the innumerable blessings which have been bestowed upon your subjects throughout your vast dominions, and the many humane laws which have been sanctioned by Your Majesty for the promotion of their well being, happiness and freedom; desire earnestly to plead on be-half of a large number of women within these realms, who do not share in such freedom, benefits and blessings, as the rest of Your Majesty's subjects are favored to enjoy, "Your Majesty's memorialists venture to point out the following facts:Š "(a) That since the early part of the present century 865 convents have been established in Great Brit-ain and Ireland, about 800 having been instituted during Your Majesty's reign. "(b) That no public record of the number of inmates of these institutions is known to exist; but it is estimated that the women in these convents must at the present time be not less than 20,000. "(c) That many young persons of tender age are in-duced in a moment of enthusiasm, and by means of false and highly-colored representations of the character of a nun's lifeŠtogether with the prom-ise of celestial rewards at its closeŠto enter con-vents, and find, when awakened to the dread real- 