116 AMERICAN SENTINEL., as a result of luxury and ease to the wealthy, and idle-ness and want to the masses, there followed indulgence in every crime nameable in the catalogue of crimes. As luxury, ease, and indulgence of every propensity with the rich; and want, penury, and idleness to the masses, came in; so also the art of self-government went out. Then, in order to restrain the dark passions of men, and to preserve the nation and even the world from going down under the weight of wickedness, an effort was made to save the nation, and so the world, by legislation. That is, they sought to make men better by law. But as men were not made better at heart by legislation, there was no power in law to reform men. And as men must be governed even though they had lost the power of self-government, the only logical result was a tlespotism,Šthe despotism of the army, followed by the despotism of the one-man power, as vested in the emperor. Thus it is clear that self-government is not an art to be secured by centuries of study, etc.; but each generation of men must seize upon their opportunities, first secured to them by their liberty, in the government of each individual by himself, and that for himself alone. If they do not do this the faculty becomes a lost art. No man can govern himself for another, nor can he govern another man for himself. The moment this is attempted, there is an attempt at despotism. As Abra-ham Lincoln said: "When a white man governs himself, that is self-government; but when he governs himself, and another man, that is more,Šit is despotism." Lincoln's Forgotten Words. New York "World," Feb. 14. ONE looks in vain through the speech of Senator Depew and all the other Republican orators on Lincoln's Birthday for the words of the great President that are most pertinent to this time and' its main issue. The World reproduces themŠ"lest we forget":Š "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. I say this is the leading principle, the sheet-anchor of American republicanism." "When the white man governs himself, that is self-government; but when he governs himself and also gov-erns another man, that is more than self-governmentŠthat is despotism." "Our reliance is in the love of liberty which God has planted in us. Our defense is in the spirit which prizes liberty as the heritage of all men in all lands, every-where. Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves, and under a just God cannot long retain it." Thus spoke Lincoln the EmancipatorŠa martyr to Liberty. A LAW is entitled to respect only in proportion to the degree of justice it embodies. Change of the Sabbath in Raratonga, Cook Islands. Some Interesting No.es on the Subject, by Dr. J. E. Caldwell, Medical Missionary of the Seventh-day Adventists. IT is wonderfully interesting justenow to go around among the natives of the Cook Islands and listen to their conversation as they are engaged in the discussion of the Sabbath question. The unusual interest in that subject grows out of the fact that an attempt has been made to bring the Cook Islands into harmony with the rest of the world in the observance of the first day of the week as rest day. The native Parliament passed a bill at its last ses-sion providing that in these islands the coming twenty-fifth day of December, together with the corresponding day of the week, shall be repeated in our calendar on the day following, thus giving us two Christmas days in this year. This will serve to correct the mistake the early missionaries are said to have made when they came from the West and crossed the one hundred and eightieth meridian, neglecting the change usually made by navigators in crossing the day-line. Though the mistake seems to have been recognized at an early day, it is a strange fact that all the native dialects have escaped some of the evil consequences that would naturally be expected to.follow such a mistake, for in numbering the days of the week they have made no mistake in using words belonging to the dialects to correspond to the mistake in the day of the month. Thus the second day after their rest day they call ruirua (second day), and the day following is ruitoru (third day), and they have always called the Sabbath, on which they have refrained from labor, ra itu (seventh day), which it really is, and always has been. It is the belief of all that the missionaries who brought European, customs to these parts of the earth were Sunday-keepers; and how these things were fixed in the native 'language, notwithstanding the above-named mistake that is said to have been made, no one seems able to explain. Thus there seems to have been no mistake in numbering the days of the week, though the names Sunday, Monday, etc., have been erroneously applied and held in common with the mistake in the day of the month, though for a long time recognized as incorrect. At the coming Christmas tide, the above-named errors are to be corrected, and a law to punish those who work on the first day of the week is to come into effect. A fitting time, indeed, to' introduce such a prac-tise. Since Sunday worship is of pagan origin, intro-duced into the so-called Christian Church through Ro-man Catholic interference, it is quite appropriate that that pago-papal season of festivity, Christmas, should be selected from which to date the beginning of strictly Sunday laws in the Cook Islands. Many of the natives are convinced that some sort of a mistake was made, but they are not clear as to the 