24 .A.MIE1a1LCA.N SEINTINTRILis VOL. 11, No. 3. tar ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. REFERRING to our leader of last week, Rev. A. H. Lewis, D. D., of Plainfield, N. J., calls our attention to the fact that the Seventh-day Baptists in their ninety-third anniversary held last August, passed the following resolution:Š Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt sympathy to those Sabbath-keepers of Tennessee, Maryland, Georgia, and other States, who have been, or who are now suffering from the malicious application of unjust Sunday laws: This resolution though nothing more than was to be expected of such a liberty-loving people as Seventh-day Baptists is creditable to them, and certainly entitles the denomi-nation td be noted as an exception to our statement, which however was intended to include only Sunday-keeping bodies. And since the matter has been called to mind we incline to the opinion that a Lutheran Synod somewhere in the West also took similar action. No text of the Sacred Scriptures is more misinterpreted and =misunderstood than Rom. 13: 1. God never ordained injustice and oppression. Except in the nation of Israel, it is not, and never has been, personal sovereigns in themselves that have been referred to in the statement that " the powers that be are ordained of God." It is not the persons that be in power, but the powers that be in the person, that are ordained of God. The inquiry of Rom. 13: 3 is not, " Wilt thou then not be afraid of the persons ?" but it is "Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power ?" It is the powers and not the person or persons by whom the power is exercised, that is under consid-eration. God has ordained civil power for the administration of justice, and when those entrusted with the administration of that power are guilty of injustice and oppression they are guilty of usurpation. Having exceeded the limits of their God-ordained power they are in that usurpation no more the ministers of God than is the Christian minister the representative of Christ when he usurps and attempts to wield authority not given by the gospel commission. IN their appeal to the Home Secretary, pub-lished in these columns two weeks ago, among other things, the directors of the International Tract Society, Limited, of London, very prop-erly said have felt it not disrespectful to address you this note of remonstrance against the action of a law by whioh the work of our factory is stopped and our fac- tory eniploy43 deprived of this means of earning a livelihood. All just governments are instituted for the purpose of securing human rights. " The powers that be are ordained of God" for this very purpose; " they are God's ministers, at-tending continually upon this very thing; " and Christians are entitled to share the bene-fits, the protection of government, equally with unbelievers. "I exhort, therefore," writes the apostle, " that, first of all, suppli-cations, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; for kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." 1 Tim. 2: 1, 2. Such being the purpose for which govern-ments are ordained, and Christians being en-titled to share the benefits, what could be more fitting than the act of the International Tract Society in calling the attention of the Home Secretary to the fact that the Factory Act, instead of protecting certain of the em-ploy& of the society, actually deprived them of the means of earning a livelihood! Fanat-icism might have said, " We need not concern ourselves about our rights; God will protect us;" just as fanaticism has in some instances said, We need not work; God will feed us; and, We need not use remedies; God will heal us. But true faith uses rather the means that God has ordained for the securing of rights, the providing of food, and for the care of the body, asking his blessing the while upon the efforts put forth in his fear and for his glory. The point made by the International Tract Society that the operation of the so-called Factory Act infringed the rights of its em-ploy& is well taken and is a credit both to the piety and the sagacity of its directors. WE have received a copy of a circular sent out January 9 by several temperance and religious societies of Brooklyn, calling for " a united and' emphatic protest" by "the churches in Brooklyn" against the laxity in the enforcement of the excise laws in that city. "We have abundant evidence," it says, " that no fewer than ninety per cent. of the licensed saloons are open on every Sunday and that liquor is sold in many of them to minors and drunkards, and that often the police freely enter these saloons for improper purposes at hours when the law requires them to be closed. We call attention to this circular because of the frank disclosure it makes of the real purpose of these excise laws, and the object of this protest, by saying: " At the beginning of a new municipal administration, the time is opportune for our citizens who believe in the sacredness of Sunday and in the sacredness of law, to enter a protest against this flagrant violation of the excise laws." Why, then, according to this docu-ment, should the excise laws be enforced? The plain answer is, Because Sunday is a sa-cred day. The sacredness of law is also ad-duced; but the "law" itself, in this case,  rests wholly upon the assumed sacredness of the day; so that this assumption is really the sole support, for this demand that the saloons should observe Sunday according to the terms of the " excise laws." In other words,.these and all other Sunday " laws" are based upon the assumption that Sunday is a day which ought to be observed by rest and public wor-ship, and therefore the excise Sunday " law" derives all the sacredness it has from the as-sumed sacredness of Sunday. But Sunday has no sacredness; for God, who alone can impart sacredness, never made it so. He made the seventh day sacred, but no other. Hence a " law " which owes its existence to the popu-lar practice and belief based upon this as-sumption, cannot be sacred. Law is sacred. It is sacred because justice and right are sacred. The law of justice covers the whole ground of human legislation; and when that legislation expresses the law of justice upon the point concerned, it is sacred. But when it is contrary to that law, it is cer-tainly not sacred. The fact that liquor is sold to minors and drunkards is a reason why the saloons should be closed, but it does not call for a protest from those who believe in Sunday sacredness, any more than from those who do not so be-lieve. It is badŠexceedingly badŠthat in-toxicants should be sold to minors and drunk-ards.'  but it is no less bad that they should be sold to young men who are not drunkards, to make them such. It is bad that intoxicants should be sold on Sunday, or on any other day. Sunday prohibition cannot stop intem-perance, e en on that day. It can however exalt SundayŠa religious, institutionŠand that is what it does. But no religious insti-tution ought to be upheld by legislation. Therefore the proper action is to protest against any law that does not aim to "excise " (cut off) the saloon completely. There is no more reason why intoxication and inciting thereto should be prohibited merely on Sun-day, than there is why stealing or any other crime, and the inciting of people thereto, should be prohibited merely on Sunday. Let all crimes be prohibited on all days and at all hours. OF one feature of the proposed Sunday "law" for the District of Columbia, the Sab-bath Outlook (Seventh-day Baptist) says:Š It grants no rights to Sabbath-keepers unless they "religiously observe Saturday." On any trial under such a law the court must decide what a religious observance of Saturday is I This is the essence of gov-ernmental interference in religious matters, an inter-ference which cannot be tolerated under our national Constitution. This provision also leaves the opportu-nity for grave injustice, under the clause, "As not to involve or disturb others." This bill is intensely religious, and it transcends the limits of religious liberty in prohibiting all "bus-iness or traffic " except the " dispensing of med-icines." Why interfere with business on Sunday more than on Monday, except on religious consider-ations ? There is but one honest answer to the ques-tion raised by the Outlook, namely, there is no reason other than the religious regard in which the day is held by many. AMERICAN SENTINEL. set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 