AMERICAN SENTINEL. 323 "It has ever appeared to me that the difference be-tween the whig and the tory of England is, that the whig deduces his rights from the Anglo-Saxon source, the tory from the Norman; and Hume, the great apostle of toryism, says, in so many words (note as to chap. 42), that in the reign of the Stuarts, it was the people who encroached upon the sovereign who attempted as is pre-tended to usurp upon the people; this supposes the Nor-man usurpations to be rights in his successors; and again (c. 59), the commons established a principle which is noble in itself, and seems specious, but is belied by all history and experience, that the people are the origin of all just power! And where else will this degenerate son of science, this traitor of his fellowmen, find the ori-gin of just power, if not in the majority of the society? Will it be in the minority, or in an individual of that minority? "You will perceive by these details, that we have not so far perfected our constitutions as to venture to make them unchangeableŠbut still, in- their present state we consider them not otherwise changeable, than by the immediate authority of the people, or a special election of representatives for that purpose expressly. They are till then the lex legum. "But can they be made unchangeable? Can one generation bind another, and all others in succession forever? I think not. The Creator hath made the earth for the living, not the dead. Rights and powers can only belong to persons, not to things; not to mere matter unendowed with willŠthe dead are not even things. The particles of matter which composed their bodies make part now of the bodies of animals, vegeta-bles, or minerals of a thousand forms. To what then are attached the rights and powers they hold while in the form of man? A generation may bind itself as long as its majority continues in life. When that has disap-peared, another majority is in its place, holds all the rights and powers their predecessors once held, and may change their laws and institutions to suit themselves; nothing then is unchangeable BUT THE INHERENT AND UNALIENABLE RIGHTS OF MAN." Republics may "to sickly greatness grow"; they may adopt the policy of "expansion" and contract into empires; constitutions may expand and they may con-tract; but when the remembrance of imperialism and its elastic constitution shall have perished, the self-evident truths will still remain "that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;" that all law and all govern-ment exists for the purpose of securing these rights to the beings whom God has made; that government by the consent of the governed is the only government that was said to represent the convictions of the people of the second city of this country, saw fit to utter the following in a speech that was "repeatedly in-terrupted by tremendous cheers": "To-day there are those who wave the Declaration of Independence in our faces and tell us that the thing to do is to deliver over those islands of the Archipelago in the East to the people who are their rightful masters, for `all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed.' So wrote Thomas Jefferson. Do you remember that the Lord said to Joshua, 'My servant is dead'? And so is Thomas Jefferson. I do not believe that Thomas Jefferson was infallible. I believe that a live president in the year of grace 1899 is just as much of an authority as a president that lived and died a hundred years ago. I am no worshiper of a saint just because he is dead. Let the dead bury the dead." can secure these rights; and that, there is no place in the universe for the rule of will. "The Lord bringeth the counsel of the nations to naught: He maketh the devices of the peoples to be of none effect. The counsel of the Lord standeth fast forever, The thoughts of his heart to all generations." Saving the Nation. BY R. M. KILGORE. THE highest tribunal in our Government has declared that this is a "Christian nation." An association is formed, and is actively at work with the avowed object that this nation must be re-formed. To accomplish this it is proposed to change the Constitution of our Government, incorporate into our national law all the laws, customs and usages of the Christian religion, and enforce the same with penalties. If this is indeed a Christian nation, then to reform it would certainly change its character, and that would make it unchristian, which would destroy its prospect-of salvation. The theory that this Government must recognize, adopt, and enforce all the "Christian laws and usages" in order to save the people and nation, is contrary to the principles upon which Christ's plan is laid. If na-tions, as such, are, like sinners, to be saved, they must be "saved by grace,through faith," and they must be saved in order to be reformed. But sinners are neither saved or reformed by adopting and enforcing upon themselves. Christian laws, or conforming to their usages. That would be self-righteousness, self-salvation, and ChristŁ  had died in vain. To save a nation from the transgression of our law,. by a change or an enforced obedience to another law, and the usage ' of another government, would make slaves of the people, instead of God's free men. The Filipinos are transferred to another kingdom, but they are neither transformed or reformed. They have, for years, longed for liberty, but the change has not made them free men and women. They submit to the new order of things, but unwillingly. They surrender be-cause they'are overpowered, and their cry for liberty may be hushed, while there lies lurking in their breasts the thirst for vengeance and blood, which, in time, gathers strength till an outburst is reached in a coming-fearful storm. The object of Christ's visit to this world was to "seek and to save that which was lost." If this nation is a "Christian nation" then it is already saved. If it is still sinning, and needs reforming, a change in the statute will not accomplish the end in view. There is no power in law or ordinances of any kind, to save from sinning. 