PEE. 8, 1898. Am:mu(JAN gt1N141(Ntit"L. tO over-ride the law, ignore their State statutes, defy their courts, and set up their own private and in-dividual preferences as against the system of so-ciety under which they live. Judge Swiggart will forfeit his right to the respect and esteem of this ju-dicial district if he does not visit the extreme penalty of the law on these grand rascals who thus with undashed boldness flaunt defiance in the teeth of our judicial system. A severe and terrible lesson ought to be given them so that those who have in mind to break the law might be deterred. Here is a parallel case. Suppose a lot of idiots should come to the conclusion that it was all nonsense this thing of having to get out a license to get married. Sup-pose they declared that it was an outrageous im-position and forthwith in opposition to all law, commenced marrying without leave or license. Would it not be the plain duty of the courts to pen-itentiary these fools if they persisted ? Shall a half dozen men become a law unto themselves against all the rest of their fellow-men ? But these igno-rant Henry County people are more deluded than bad. The real criminals, the propagandists or sowers of bad seed that need hanging are the pamphleteers known as the National Religious Liberty Association. The truth is the works and the fruits of this anarchistic association show that it is a cunning and deep laid scheme to -do away with all religions, all the law and all society. Judge Swiggart must either penitentiary or hang these Henry County men or make them obey the law, and if he ever catches any of the members of the National Religious Liberty Association in Ten-nessee he should either hang or penitentiary said Religious Liberty Association man. A parallel expression to this was pub-lished in the SENTINEL, of February 9, in a letter from the editor of the Carriage World to the Secretary of the Religious Liberty Asssociation, in which it was said:Š You are either crazy or desperately wicked; and there ought to be some legal way whereby such se-ditious persons as you are could be restrained, as dangerous to the welfare of the community and the public at large. The first of the principles subscribed to by every member of the National Reli-gious Liberty Association is this :Š We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. Upon this hangs all that is said or written by the members of this associa-tion. Why then are they attacked so bitterly? A quotation from Vol. IV. p. 592, " Great Controversy "Š a paragraph familiar to many who belong to the or-ganizationŠwill answer this question :Š Those who honor the Bible Sabbath will be de-nounced as enemies of law and order, as breaking down the moral restraints of society, causing an-archy and corruption, and calling down the judg-ments of God upon the earth. Their conscientious scruples will be pronounced obstinacy, stubborn-ness, and contempt of authority. They will be accused of disaffection towards the Government. Ministers who deny the obligation of the divine law will present from the pulpit the duty of yield-ing obedience to the civil authorities as ordained of God. In legislative halls and courts of justice, commandment-keepers will be misrepresented and condemned. A false coloring will be given to their words, and the worst construction will be put upon their motives. The editorial expression from the Troy News-Banner is something ahead of its time. But like the instructions of Judge Winn, of Georgia, to the Grand Jury, some time ago, that women seen knitting in their own homes on Sunday were in-dictable, and those who saw them and made no complaint were liable as parti-ceps criminis; together with the unre-lenting persecution of Robert M. King, in the News-Banner's own county; and these cases in Henry County, to which the editorial refers, where brethren in the church were called up to testify against each other reciprocally, and even an at-tempt made to put a boy ten years old on the stand to prove that his father habit-ually worked on. Sunday, and thus make a case against himŠlike all these the editorial utterances of the Tennessee  newspaper are expressive of the of many, and the vengeance which they de-sire to see executed against those who stand for the religion of Jesus Christi  pure and undefiled, as he preached it and lived it. The wishes here expressed, and the threats here made are the legitimate out-come of Justice Brewer's decision of Feb. 29, 1892; of the act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday; of the fierce campaign for religious law which the ministers, the churches, the Sunday-schools, the Christian Endeavor Societies are waging throughout the land. The realization of these threats, which will come in the future, they are making themselves responsible for. Are they willing to accept the responsibility ? Did they ever read, " By their fruits ye shall know them"? W. H. M. After the Trial of the Adventist Cases. THE Paris Post-Intelligencer, published at the county seat of Henry County, Tenn., where the late " Adventist cases " have been tried, has not heretofore given any space to the consideration of the ques-tion involved or to the cases themselves. But in its issue of February 10, immedi-ately following the last trial of these cases it notices the matter in four different ar-ticles. It first describes the cases and their trial thus:Š The Adventist Trials. The indictments of eleven citizens of Henry County for nuisance, in working on Sunday, and whose trials were set for Friday, February 3, has attracted attention, and when the first case was called, that of Wm. Dortch, of Springville, there was a good number present, many of them being Adventists. The indictments against nine of the parties being defective by reason of the order of the court ordering them they were quashed and the accused discharged. In the case of Wm. Dortch the State failed to establish the guilt of the accused. He was indicted for committing a nuisance by working on his farm on Sunday. The statute law provides that for single offenses the violator may be carried before a Justice of the Peace and fined three dollars. But the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of the State of Tennessee vs Parker, says, that where a man pursues his usual occupation on Sunday and there is a repetition of the offense he may be in-dicted by the Grand Jury, tried by the Circuit Court and found guilty of a nuisance. It will be observed that to make it a case of nuis-ance subject to the jurisdiction of Circuit Court there must be a succession of violations in follow-ing the usual occupation of the accused. Mr. Dortch was indicted for committing a nuisance by working on his farm. While it was proven that he had planted potatoes on one Sunday and was seen piling chunks on another, the State failed to prove that it was his usual custom to work on Sun-day, and Mr. Dortch proved that farming was not his usual occupation. The State failed to make out its case and of course the accused was found " not guilty." The decision does not affect the merits of the Sunday question. The other case was continued. The editor of the Post-Intelligencer is anxious that it should appear that there is no persecution in the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Henry County, and to that he devotes two articles of which this is the first :Š The Prosecution of Adventists is no Persecution. Having neen but recently called to the press, and there having been no unusual ado or excitement over the former trials and conviction of Adventists in our county, more than any other violators of the law among our people, our attention had not been specially called to the matter until just before the convening of our court, when quite a stir was created among our justice-loving people caused by the wide distribution (by the Adventists) over our county of pamphlets attacking our Judge and Attorney- General. Learning of this, and the further fact that quite  a number of violators of the Sunday laws were to be tried at this term of the court, and seeing that there were so many distinguished attorneys here as counsel for them led us to enquire into the matter. To say that we were shocked by the many unjust and misleading statements in the literature circu-lated by them would be putting it mildly. For those who do not know our officers and people to read their versions of the trial and treatment of these people by the court, it would seem that we were a set of heathens, filled with religious fanati-cism, intolerance and bigotry, to that extent that if we dared we would dispose of our Adventist brethren in a way that would lay the horrors of the French Revolution in the shade and make the Inquisition ashamed of itself. Now, against all these slanders and misrepresentations we enter our solemn and emphatic protest. The criticisms of our dispensers of justice are as false and unjust as the father of lies could have made them. Judge Swiggart, one of the ablest, purest, most feeling and conscientious judges any State ever had, and one who this judicial district has always been proud of, and delighted to love and honor, is held up by these deceivers as an un-feeling tyrant, words are put in his mouth that he never uttered, and threats he never made or thought of. Attorney-General Lewis, who has been reared in our midst and honored and trusted in divers ways by our people, and whose ability and fairness is not confined to the limits of the States, is equally misrepresented by being pictured as a sleuthhound traveling over the State in pursuit of Adventists, to devour. To those who know General Lewis and Judge Swiggart, any defense of them would be a work of supererogation. To those who. do not, we want to say that they have no prejudices in this matter, and from the first have been actuated by what they conscientiously believed to be their duty under the law. We are glad to be able to state that this is now the belief of the visiting brethren and attorneys who are here in the interest of the Adventists. There is certainly no disposition on the part of any of our citizens to persecute the Adventists. All that is wanted is obedience to law. So if any-body feels like pitching into anything connected with this business, let them deal justly with our officials and the citizens of Henry County, and di-rect their guns on the law. If the law is wrong direct your efforts to its repeal. Until this is done it is the duty of every good citizen to obey. He who acts or counsels otherwise is an enemy of the State and to the best interest of her citizens. If the law is wrong, and the Attorney-General, and the Judge, and all these fair-minded citizens of Henry County who " have no prejudices in this matter " and " no disposition to persecute," appre-ciate now so keenly what odium their attempt to enforce obedience to this un-just law has brought upon them, why do not they, who are in the great majority, and have the power, "direct " their " ef-forts to its repeal " ? Why not ? The Post-Intelligencer makes a second disclaimer thus:Š No Persecution. Our esteemed contemporary, the Milan Ex-change, in commenting on the fact that a number of Adventists have been prosecuted for working on Sunday, after admitting that he knew nothing of the merits of the case, says: "If it is unlawful for anybody to work on Sunday in this State, why are these people prosecuted and other offenders allowed to go free ? ' Now Brother Wade knows very well that it is unlawful for anybody to work on Sunday in this State. He has known this all his life. Why then does he precede his question by such language ? As to the question itself we state that it does not apply to either our officers or our citizens. If Brother Wade aims to convey the idea that any one is persecuting these people through prejudice we emphatically assert that such is not the case. As evidence that these people are not discriminated against and singled out for prosecu-tion, six of the indictments before the present ses-sion of the court were against employees of the P. T. & A. R. R. Co. Our grand juries will indict one class of men as soon as another for violations of law, or if inclined to be partial at all it would be towards those who think that their religious tenets bring them in conflict with State laws. We realize that it is hard on these people to be compelled to obey laws which conflict with their peculiar reli-gious views, but this is their misfortune. We deny the right of any citizen to set at defiance the laws of his State. If they come in conflict with his conscientious scruples let him work for their 