AtorkladrCAN o, Mo. ti. though in detail not correct, they are in spirit true records of the old Puritan laws which were enacted to enforce the strict and decorous observance of the Sabbath, and which were valid not only in Connect-icut and Massachusetts, but in other New England States. Even a careless glance at the historical record of any old town or church will give plenty of details to prove this. Thus in New London we find in the latter part of the seventeenth century a wicked fisherman presented before the court and fined for catching eels on Sun-day; another "fined twenty shillings for sailing a boat on the Lord's d ay ; " while in 1670 two lovers, John Lewis and Sarah Chapman, were accused of and tried for "sitting together on the Lord's day under an apple tree in Goodman Chapman's Orchard,"Šso harmless and so natural an act. In Plymouth a man was " sharply whipped" for shooting fowl on Sunday; another was fined for carrying a grist of corn home on the Lord's day, and the miller who allowed him to take it was also fined. Elizabeth Eddy of the same town was fined, in 1652, "ten shillings for wring-ing and hanging out clothes." A Plym-outh man, for attending to his tar-pits on the Sabbath, was set in the stocks. James Watt, in 1658, was publicly re-proved " for writing a note about common business on the Lord's day, at least in the evening somewhat too soon." A Plymouth man who drove a yoke of oxen was " pre-sented " before the court, as was also another offender, who drove some cows a short distance " without need " on the Sabbath. In Newbury, in 1646, Aquila Chase and his wife were presented and fined for gathering peas from their garden on the Sabbath, but upon investigation the fines were remitted, and the offenders were only admonished. In Wareham, in 1772, Wil-liam Estes acknowledged himself " Gilty of Racking Hay on the Lord's day" and was fined ten shillings; and in 1774 another Wareham citizen, "for a breach of the Sabbath in puling apples," was fined five shillings. A Dunstable soldier, for "wet-ting a piece of an old hat to put in his shoe" to protect his footŠfor doing this piece of heavy work on the Lord's day was fined, and paid forty shillings. Captain Kemble of Boston was, in 1656, set for two hours in the public stocks for his " lewd and unseemly behavior," which consisted in his kissing his wife " pub-liquely " on the Sabbath day, upon the doorstep of his house, when he had just returned from a voyage and absence of three years. . . . Abundant proof can be given that the act of the legislature in 1649 was not a dead letter which ordered that " whoso-ever shall prophane the Lords daye by doeing any seruill worke or such like abusses shall forfeite for euery such de-fault ten shillings or be whipt." The Vermont "Blue Book" contained equally sharp " Sunday laws." . . . The New Haven code of laws, more severe still, ordered that " Profanation of the Lord's day shall be punished by fine, im-prisonment, or corporeal punishment; and if proudly, and with a high hand against the authority of GodŠwith death." Lists of arrests and fines for walking and travelling unnecessarily on the Sab-bath might be given in great numbers, and it was specially ordered that none should " ride violently to and from meet-ing." . . . One offender explained in  excuse of his unnecessary driving on the Sabbath that he had been to visit a sick relative, but his excuse was not accepted. A Maine man who was rebuked and fined for "unseemly walking" on the Lord's day protested that he ran to save a man from drowning. The court made him pay his fine, but ordered that the money should be returned to him when he could prove by witnesses that he had been on that errand of mercy and duty. As late as the year 1831, in Lebanon, Connecticut, a lady journeying to her father's home was ar-rested within sight of her father's house for unnecessary travelling on the Sabbath. . . . Sabbath breaking by visiting abounded in staid Worcester town to a most base extent, but was severely punished, as local records show. . . . Even if they committed no active offense the colonists could not passively neglect the church and its duties. As late as 1774 the First Church of Roxbury fined non-attend ance at public worship. . . . Captain Dennison, one of New Haven's most popular and respected citizens, was fined fifteen shillings for absence from church. William Blagden, who lived in New Haven in 1647, was " brought up " for absence from meeting. He pleaded that he had fallen into the water late on Saturday, could light no fire on Sunday to dry his clothes, and so had lain in bed to keep warm while his only suit of gar-ments was drying. In spite of this seem-ingly fair excuse, Blagden was found guilty of " sloathefulness " and sentenced to be " publiquely whipped." Of course the Quakers contributed liberally to the support of the court, and were fined in great numbers for refusing to attend the church which they hated, and which also warmly abhorred them; and they were zealously set in the stocks, and whipped, and caged, and pilloried as well,Šwhipped if they came and expressed any dissatis-faction, and whipped if they stayed away. Not content with strict observance of the Sabbath day alone, the Puritans in-cluded Saturday evening in their holy day, and in the first colonial years these in-structions were given to Governor Endi-cott by the New England Plantation Com-pany: "And to the end that the Sabeth may be celebrated in a religious manner wee appoint that all may surcease their labor every Satterday throughout the yeare at three of the clock in the afternoone, and that they spend the rest of the day in chatechizing and preparaceon for the Sabeth as the ministers shall direct." . . . All the New England clergymen were rigid in the prolonged observance of Sun-day. From sunset on Saturday until Sunday night they would not shave, have rooms swept, nor beds made, have food prepared, nor cooking utensils and table-ware washed. . . . It was very generally believed in the early days of New England that special judgments befell those who worked on the eve of the Sabbath. Winthrop gives the case of a man who, having hired help to repair a milldam, worked an hour on Sat-urday after sunset to finish what he had intended for the day's labor. The next day his little child, being left alone for some hours, was drowned in an uncovered well in the cellar of his house.4 " The father freely, in open congregation, did acknowledge it the righteous hand of God for his profaning his holy day." . . . Sunday night, being shut out of the Sabbath hours, became in the eighteenth century a time of general cheerfulness and of ten merry-making. This sudden transi-tion from the religious calm and quiet of the afternoon to the noisy gayety of the evening was very trying to many of the clergymen, especially to Jonathan Ed-wards, who preached often and sadly against " Sabbath evening dissipations and mirth-making." In some communities singing-schools were held on Sunday nights, which afforded a comparatively decorous and orderly manner of spending the close of the day. Sweet to the Pilgrims and to their de-scendants was the hush of their calm Sat-urday night, and their still, tranquil Sab-bath,Šsign and token to them, not only of the weekly rest ordained in the creation, but of the eternal rest to come. The uni-versal quiet and peace of the community showed the primitive instinct of a pure, simple devotion, the sincere religion which knew no compromise in spiritual things, no half-way obedience to God's Word, but rested absolutely on the Lord's dayŠas was commanded. No work, no play, no idle strolling was known ; no sign of hu-man life or motion was seen except the necessary care of the patient cattle and other dumb beasts, the orderly and quiet going to and from the meeting, and at the nooning, a visit to the churchyard to stand by the side of the silent dead. This absolute obedience to the letter as well to the spirit of God's Word was one of most typical traits of the character of the Puri-tans, and appeared to them to be one of the most vital points of their religion. ŁŁ Ł Indulgences, Papal and Protestant. AT the entrance to the Catholic village of Oberwyl, near Basel, attached to a cru-cifix, is the declaration that whoever prays five Ave Marias and Paternosters before this image will be granted forty days' in-dulgence. The fact that Catholics grant indulgences has ceased to be surprising, but who would believe that Protestants would do the same thing ? One of the chief causes that led to the Reformation was the sale of indulgences. This is really what started Luther on his crusade against Rome. This is what led people to protest and thus become Protestants more than anything else. But prophecy declares that Protestants would yet render homage and honor to Rome. We see this fulfilling to-day. There is a general tendency Romeward among Protestants. They took the first step in this direction when they united the church with the civil powers, and every religious law made by the State is an additional step in the same direction. By making Sunday laws, Protestants ren-der special homage to Rome, for they are thus elevating and enforcing an institu-tion for which there is no Bible author-ity, but which rests solely on the author-ity of the Catholic Church. And even more, Sunday is the usurper of the place of the Lord's Sabbath, and thus, in sustain-ing it, Protestants virtually reject God's institution and accept, in its stead, that of the papacy. But what about Protestant indulgences? They come in along with the Sunday laws. When we once accept the princi-ples of Rome, we are inevitably led to the same acts, and sooner or later we shall see growing up among Protestants 