260 AMERICAN SENTINF.T, Expansion Under the Declaration of Independence. Cation that the Declaration would abolish slavery, as it did. In every accession of territory to this country ever made, we recognized fully the doctrine of the consent of the governed and the doctrine that territory so ac-qUired must be held to be made into States. By Senator George F. Hoar (speech in Congress, April 17). I HAVE spoken of the Declaration oft  Independence as a solemn affirmation of public law, but it is far more than that. It is a solemn pledge of national faith and honor. It is 'a baptismal vow. It is the bed-rock of our republican institutions. It is, as the Supreme -court declared, the.soul and spirit of which the Consti-iution is but the body and letter. It is the light by which the Constitution must be read. The statesman or the party who will not stand by the Declaration and obey it is never to be trusted anywhere to keep an oath to support the Constitution. To- such a statesman, whenever his ambition or his passion shall incline him, to such a party, whenever its fancied advantage shall -tempt it, there will be no constitutional restraint. It will bend the Constitution to its desire, never its desire to the Constitution. THE OLD EXPANSION AND THE NEW. There is expansion enough in it, but it is the expan--sion of freedom and not of despotism; of life, not of death. Never was such growth in all human history as that from the seed Thomas Jefferson planted. The par-able of the mustard seed, than which, as Edward Everett said, "the burning pen of inspiration, ranging heaven and earth for a similitude, can find nothing more ap-propriate or expressive to which to liken the kingdom of God," is repeated again. "Whereunto shall we liken it, or with what compari-son shall we compare it? It is like a grain of mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, is less than all the seeds that be in the earth. But when it is sown, it groweth up, and becometh greater than all herbs, and ehooteth out great branches, so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it." This is the expansion of Thomas Jefferson. It has covered the continent. It is on both the seas. It has 'saved South America. It is revolutionizing Europe. It is the expansion of freedom. It differs from your tinsel, pinchbeck, pewter expansion as the growth of a healthy youth into a strong man differs from the expansion of -an anaconda when he swallows his victim. Ours is the expansion Of Thomas Jefferson. Yours is the expansion of Aaron Burr. . . . Thomas Jefferson comes down in history with the Declaration of Independence in one hand and the title deed of Louisiana in the other. Do you think his left hand knew not what his right hand did? Do you think these two immortal transactions contradicted each other? Do you think he bought men like sheep and paid for them in gold? It is true the men of the Declar-atiOn held slaves. Jefferson felt the inconsistency, and declared that he trembled for Łhis country when he felt that God was just. But he lived and died in the expec- India Under Imperialism. [THE following , condemnation of English rule in India, made by a New England journal, is not a con-demnation of the British nation, but of.the imperial policy England has pursued in dealing with the terri-tory of inferior races under her authority. Just at this time, when the United States has undertaken to govern inferior races in a distant territory, the ghastly picture presented by India to-day affords an object lesson which should not be lost upon the American people:---] The ultimate test of government is the condition of the people. English rule in India is over a century old, yet if there is a God-forsaken people to-day on the earth's surface it 'is that wretched section of humanity in the land of Clive, Lawrence and Kipling, that is dying by the thousands from simple hunger. The secretary for India, Lord George Hamilton, has lately admitted in the, British House of Commons that the present famine is the most serious that has occurred during the past 100 years. That is equivalent to saying that it is as terrible as any that has occurred in the known his-tory of the country, before or after the British con-quest. So far as the 19th century is concerned, the suc-cession of famines indicates conditions of deterioration rather than of growing prosperity among the masses, while the century ends with an awful climai in the worst famine of them all. If British rule has been the blessing to India that many have claimed, why does it fail so utterly to meet the simplest and most fundamental of tests?' Improve-ments in the administration, the purification of the courts and the prohibition of a few heathen rites amount to nothing if the mass of the people are unable to pro-cure food. The ability to live and produce wealth is a condition more essential to any civilization than the manner in which we live or the particular organization of industry. No government can be pronounced good under which the population suffers from recurring famines of great extent and increasing intensity. And no more terrible indictment can be brought against a ruler than the simple fact that millions of his subjects periodically die of starvation. It is absurd to pronounce famines "an act of God." No intelligent person now loads upon the Almighty the responsibility for the great, famines in Ireland during the past century. To be sure, the potato crop failed, but why was it that the Irish people had nothing except a few potatoes between them and 