TO THE PUBLIC: - This'certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium  under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not,made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the WorldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. Ł I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can- heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your " Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. DR. R. W. BuLA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BRouGliTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your " Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. WM. M. MERIT'S. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. ROsEMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies "by hand." D. W. MoCounr. NOVEMBER 2, 1893. 3.43 Another Gospel. A UNITARIAN minister, in San Fran-cisco, recently preached a sermon in ad-vocacy of opening the Midwinter Fair on Sunday. A press report of his discourse says:Š The ministers who have so strenuously advocated the closing of the World's Fair, were severely hauled over the coals for the manner in which they threatened legislators, and were set down as a lot of corrupt politicians themselves. The tendency of the modern Protestant ministry to force special legislation through the coercion of legislators, is becoming a conspicuous feature of their warfare. As there is no example of Christ or his apostles operating in that line, it is clear that those who do endeavor to " persuade " men by the argument of threatened politi-cal defeat, are preaching "another gos-pel" than that preached "in the begin-ning ;" for the gospel of the Founder of the faith was not urged in that way, nor is it possible to reach the hearts of men by any process of civil law.ŠSigns of the Times. Money for Sectarian Purposes. [The following is a concise statement of the rela-tion of Protestants and Roman Catholics to the Government finances, by a correspondent of the Loyal American.] WOULD it not be well to give a few facts regarding the use of public money for sectarian purposes ? In the year of 1885 a " Bureau of Cath-olic Missions" was established at Wash-ington, D. C. The chief design of this was to " push Catholic schools upon the Government as earnestly as possible." In September of this same year, this same bureau secured from the commissioner of Indian affairs, Mr. Adkin, the following statement :Š The Government should be liberal in making con-tracts with religious denominations to teach Indian children in schools established by these denomina- tions. It should throw open the door, and say to all denominations, " There should be no monopoly of good work. Enter, all of you, and do whatever your hands find of good work to do, and in your efforts the Government will give you encour-agement out of its liberal purse." In other words, the Government, without partiality, should encour-age all the churches to work in this broad field of philanthropic endeavor.ŠCongressional Record, of July 25, 1890, p. 8341. The door was thrown open at once, and the Catholic Church entered with a num-ber of professed Protestant churches to secure the governmental "encourage-ment " thus offered. In the five succeed-ing years they made the following record of drafts upon the people's money, as shown by the Congressional Record above quoted In the year 1886-- Catholic $118,343 In the year 1887Š Catholic $194, 635 In the year 1888Š Catholic $221,169 In the year 1889Š Catholic $347, 672 In the years 1889-90Š Catholic $356,767 Total for Catholic schools $1,138,786 Total for all other denominations and all other schools But President Harrison, with General Morgan as Indian Commissioner, deter-mined to stop these appropriations, and let the churches support their own mis-sionary work. But the administration was forced to make confession before the Senate, by Senator Dawes, that "it found it impossible to do that ; " and " that. it was impossible to retrace the step." Finding " it was impossible," it was de-termined to allow no increase. But the Catholic Church ignored the wishes of Congress, and secured the increase she desired for the year 1890, of 444,000. Seeing that the Catholics were getting the lion's share, as they always do, the Protestant churches raised the cry of " thief." But this was in. bad taste, coin- ing from those who had shared the plun-der, and established a precedent. Nearly all the Protestant churches have now changed their mind, and concluded to take no more " encouragement " from the Government. But what can they say ? The Catholic Church says : " We have not changed our mind. You once said it was the right thing for Govern-ment to do. We agreed with you. And we believe it still. You opened the doors. We entered together. And now we shall keep the door open." And so millions of dollars of the people's money is being used for the advancement of sectarianism. And to this extent does Rome rule the Nation. And still Protestants sleep on and vainly imagine that she is becoming Americanized. H. F. PHELPS. St. Paul, Oct. 16, 1898. BOOKS FOR LITTLE ONES. We are pleased to say to our many friends who have asked us in regard to books for little ones that BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES, AND ITS COMPANION, Little Folks' Bible Gallery, contain the most perfect and complete outfit of Bible illustrations and stories that we have been able to find. We can recommend them, or either one, to every one desirous of obtaining something good as a gift for a child. Size 7 x 9 inches, 96 pages each; 44 full-page pictures in one, 45 in the other. Price $1 each, or both together, post-paid, $1.75. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond Street, New York City. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. All others $109,906 All others $168,679 All others $155, 095 All others $183,000 All others $204,993 $821,683 THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM HEALTH FOODS. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit of its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. G r a n o I a, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 