568 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Upward to Liberty. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. Lumnus found a new world in the West, Waiting to be the place of Freedom's rest. Here then the humble freeman built his hearth, 'Or tilled the bosom of the fruitful earth. And while his tasseled corn waved o'er the sod, Roared up a place of prayer to Freedom's God. Rains fell and sunbeams warmed his smiling fields, Kindly the earth her bounty to him yields. Love blessed him with the clasp of childish hands; Employment gave him health and broader lands. Each night sweet sleep her pinions o'er him waved, Renewed his strength that dangers might be braved. So grew Columbia to a nation grand. How bright the picture, 0 that we might see Ever a growth toward true liberty; No tyrant influence usurping right, Restraining human steps from Freedom's height! Yearning, we pray, "Our Father, keep us free." Keep heart, keep heart, our work, if bravely done, Shall count for God, and though all lands should run E'en unto measures tyrannous and strong, Oppressing Truth, uplifting all that's wrong. Still for a future free and glorious state, Look, labor, pray, and with all patience wait. Long has earth suffered for a righteous reign; Day soon will dawn and Christ will come again. Around the world and on the sky we see Inscribed the signals of His jubilee. Kingly and noble, from his brow of light Eternal sunshine banishes the night. Established truth shall rule o'er land and sea; Redeemed and blessed, God's saints shallthen be free. Seeing Life. BY E. J. WAGGONER. Mosm young men are filled with an ambition to "see life." This is a most laudable ambition, but, unhappily, their idea of what constitutes life is so far from the reality that few ever see life indeed. Christianity is by them considered dull and "pokey." The one who becomes a follower of Jesus is thought to have thrown his life away. To "see life" it is supposed that one must indulge in dissipation, and must visit places of amusement where, to say the least, he would not feel comfortable with his mother as company. In fact the stage is quite generally regarded as af-fording the best opportunity to see life. But here, let it not be forgotten, the idea of "realism," real life, is al-ways associated with the representation of what is most corrupt and vicious, thus indicating that the popular 'idea of life is wickedness. What a sad revelation this is as to what constitutes the "life" of the majority of man-kind. But what are the facts in the case? Is it real life, is it life at all, that people see on the stage, or in the most popular places of resort, or as a general thing on the public bighways?ŠFar from it. The Word of God makes the real facts very plain, and every one can for himself prove the truthfulness of what it says. "This is the record, that God hath given to us eter-nal life, and this life is in his Son. He that hath the Son hath life;" "and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life." 1 John 5:11, 12; John 3:36. "That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the word of life (for the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us); that which we have seen and heard declare we unto you." 1 John 1: 1-3. "There is a way that seemeth right unto a man; but the end thereof are the ways of death." Prov. 16:25. How sad it is to think of men rushing to death, while they think that they are enjoying the very fullness of life. They go the way of her who says, "Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant;" "but he knoweth not that the dead are there; and that her guests are in the depths of hell." Prov. 9:15, 16. This way which seems right to a man, but which ends in death, is one's own way. We have all turned, every one to his own way (Isa. 53:6); and this way we would fain persuade ourselves is life. Reproofs of instruction, which are "the way of life" (Prov. 6:23), come to us, but we do not relish them; and the result to all who persist in rejecting the way of the Lord is that they shall "eat of the fruit of their own way," which is death; "for the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the pros-perity of fools shall destroy them." Prov. 1:31, 32. Wisdom, which is the fear of the Lord, and departure from evil (Job 28:28)', call to us all, saying, "Whoso findeth me findeth life;" "but he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul; all they that hate me love death." Prov. 8:35, 36. What! is it possible that any-body should love death? Yes, it is; #11101, strange to say, those who talk the most about "seeing life" in this world are the very ones who are most in love with death. All those who love that which leads to death, love death it-self. Death entered into the world by sin (Born. 5:12); all sin contains the poison of death concealed in it. To love sin, then, which is the transgression of God's law, is to love death. How horrible the thought that one will clasp a skeleton, or what is worse, a putrid corpse, to his bosom, imagining that it is the embodiment of life. It would not matter how beautifully a body of death were decked out, no one would feel any attraction for it if be could perceive that it was but a decaying carcase. If then people would but stop to consider the difference between life and death, they would not make the terrible mistake that they do, of pursuing death instead of life. 