730 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christ was no politician, and he sought no political preferment. All his utterances were expressions of deep underlying principles, which, if recognized, could not fail to enhance the happiness and peace of all God's creatures no matter under what government they might live, and to make the nation itself at peace with all other nations, and all other nations at peace with it. This being true, it would be utterly impossible for Christ to do differently, were he a ruler of an earthly government, to that which he taught as man's duty to his fellowman. "The Saine Yesterday and To-day." BY A. R. BELL. "To Abraham and his seed were the promises made." "And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, said heirs according to the promise." The Lord said to Abraham, "I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great." He also said, "Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and south-ward, and eastward, and westward: for all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed forever." Paul, speaking of Abraham, says the promise was "that he should be the heir of the world." But the same inspired -writer tells us "he became a sojourner in the land of promise, as in a land not his own, dwelling in tents with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the -same promise: for he looked for the city which hath the foundations, whose builder and maker is God." (R. V.) Also speaking of his seed, Paul says they "confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth;" and speaking of himself and his brethren (and that includes us down here in 1898) he says, "We have not here an abiding city, but we seek after the city which is to come." Jesus Christ, the one through whom by faith the promises are made "yea and amen" to all that believe, is the heir of God. The Scripture also says, "As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God." "And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint heirs with Jesus Christ." We are with Christ "heirs of the kingdom;" and yet he has told us in no uncertain words, "My kingdom is not of this world." Not here in this sin-cursed, iniquity-steeped earth are the heirs of God to receive the fulness of the promises of God. "Kept in store, reserved unto fire" with all "the works that are therein," this "present evil world" will stand till the "day of God." Then "the elements shall melt with fervent heat;" but we according to the prom-ise of God "look for new heavens and a new earth, -wherein dwelleth righteousness." This is the fulfillment of the promise of God made to  Abraham nearly four thousand years ago. This is what we are admonished to look forward to and to hasten. Why will not those who to-day profess to be Abraham's seed know that the things which were written aforetime were written for their learning, for their admonition? Why will they not learn that it is the mind of God that they "shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations"? Why will they not recognize the fact that He is "the same yesterday, and to-day, and forever;" that what his purpose was, it is now; and prof-iting by the mistakes of Israel of old (which have been recorded for that very purpose), "determine not to know anything . . . save Jesus Christ and him crucified"? Why will they not, like their brethren of old, be per-suaded of the promises made to "Abraham and his seed," embrace them, confess that they are "strangers and pil-grims on the earth," and by their life "make it manifest that they are seeking after a country of their own"? (R. V.) But how far short they come! Blindly following the leadings of the natural heart, they are to-day making flesh their arm, and trusting in man. The legislature and not the throne of God 'is their place of pleading. The commandments and traditions of men instead of the commandments of God are their standard. Says the prophet Isaiah, speaking of these very things, "They look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the Lord," but "go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses" (Isa. 30:1); adding in the same scripture, "Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not Spirit." And yet God, in spite of all this, long-suffering, not willing that any should perish, with outstretched arms still pleads with his erring children, "Come out . . . be ye separate . . . and I will receive you and be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty;" and obeying by faith as did Abraham, they can with confi-dence look forward to the time when "the righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein forever." •Ł Ł  4 4 A Few Questions for National Reformers. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. IF this is a Christian nationŠ How is it that the number of the poor increase annu-ally, while the rich double their wealth in the same pe-riod? The Bible says the primitive Christians shared their wealth with the poor. Acts 4:34, 35; Acts 2:45; 1 John 3:17. How is it that thousands of preachers absolutely deny that Jesus is the Son of God? The Bible says such as do this are "antichrists." 1 John 2:22. How is it that the great army of drunkards augments yearly? 