A,.mcvnitO.AN Vol, 1o. 87. tiplying their fasts, their alms," and " good works." OH how this frustrates the grace of Owl ! " For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God. Not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workman-ship, created in, Christ Jesus unto good works..] Instead of creating Christ Jesus by mortification and sacrifice, by mul-tiplying fasts, and good works the Chris-tian is created in Christ Jesus unto good works. Instead of saving our Saviour by our works we are saved by our Saviour from our works. Instead of his being the workmanship of our work, " we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus, unto good works." AGAIN this antichristian saviour is rep-resented as clothed, not with the sinful flesh of Abraham, but with " divine flesh," " purer than the angels and holier than the archangels." The papal saviour is therefore so high above man, who is " shapen in iniquity " and clothed with sinful flesh that it takes a ladder, reach-ing from earth to heaven, to touch him. He is so far removed from fallen men that it requires a bridge to span the abyss which separates him from his saviour. This is not only the logical deduction from the doctrine of the "immaculate conception " of Mary and the " immacu-late " lives of St. Anne and St. Joachim, but it is the admitted doctrine and daily practice of the Roman Catholic Church. Here it is :Š She [Anne] is the Mother of her who is purer than the Angels, holier than the Archangels, higher than the Thrones, more powerful than the Dominations, more enlightened than the Cherubims, more inflamed with divine love than the StSrsphims. She is the Mother of her who is called and who is the eldest Daughter of the Father, the true Mother of the Son, the Spouse of the Holy Ghost. She is the Mother of her who is " full of grace," of her who has bestowed, and still bestows, ransom on the captive, strength to the weak, sight to the blind, consolation to the afflicted, hope to the desponding, an overflow of joy to the Angels, human flesh to the Divine Word, a Worshiper worthy of His greatness to the Eternal Father, a temple worthy of His holiness to the Holy Ghost. Anne is the Mother of her who is the ladder to heaven, the anchor of the shipwrecked, the star of the mariner, the bridge whereby God crossed the abyss which separated us from him.* Away with your Mary " ladder " and immaculate " bridge!" Jesus Christ is the ladder and its lowermost round reaches as low as the lowest sinner. In order that he might reach sinful men, "verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham."f " Forasmuch as the children are partak-ers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same."t What! part of man's sinful flesh ? Yea, verily. " For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God send-ing his own Son, in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the fiesh."§ " For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feelings of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace [without the papal ladder] that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need." II AND now Pope Leo XIII. has the hardi- II Eph. 2: 8, 9, 10. * "Good St. Anne," pp. 72, 73. tHeb. 2: 16. Heb. 2:14. § Rom. 8: 3. #Heb. 4:15, 16. hood to invite us away from this Saviour who is so close to us that he dwells in us and condemns sin in our sinful flesh as he condemned sin in the sinful flesh which he inherited from his mother Mary,Šhe calls us away from this Saviour to a saviour who was born from "immaculate" flesh, " purer than the angels, holier than the archangels," and who, therefore, can-not be touched with the feelings of our infirmities, and must be touched with a " ladder." He calls us to a saviour so widely separated from us that there must be a " bridge " constructed to span the chasm. And he asks us to trust our eternal life to this human structure, whose spans are made of "fasts," and " mortifi-cations," and " good works." And be-sides inviting us to trust our salvation to this phantom " bridge," he demands toll for the passage of our soul at every span of its almost limitless length; while our Saviour, " without money and without price," "freely," reaches over the battle-ments of heaven -and, while holding fast to the throne of the Infinite with the arm of omnipotence, encircles us with his long human arm, that arm that is " not short-ened that it cannot save," and presses us lovingly to that bosom that is "touched with the feeling of our infirmities." And now instead of accepting the invi-tation of Pope Leo XIII. we, on the con-tra,ry,in vite,with the words of our Saviour, him and all his deluded followers who are trusting for salvation to human ladders and bridges, and all others who know not our Lord : "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my bur-den is light."* " And the spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." Rev. 22:17. "St. Anne" vs. the Saviour. MORE quotations are printed below from the Roman Catholic work, "Manual of Devotion to Good St. Anne." Fearing that the reader may doubt the genuineness of the quotations we repeat that the book contains the indorsement of " E. A. Card. Taschereau, Archbishop of Quebec," and is published by "General Printing Office, A. Cots & Co., Quebec," and can be se-cured by addressing the publishers. Price 50 cents. The quotations are followed, as in last week's article, by scriptural com-ments. We have italicized some of the most prominent features in the coup-lets, but were all the points emphasized the larger portion of the matter would appear in italics. To our Roman Catholic readers we say that the matter is not published for the purpose of ridiculing Catholics nor Catholic doctrines, but from love for the souls of Roman Catholics for whom Christ died; and with the hope of exalting in their minds the Lord Jesus Christ to the place he occupies by the will and word of God, which place, by the teaching of this book, is given to " St. Anne." " 0 GOOD Jesus, be compassionate to the faithful servants of thy grandmother St. Anne, show then thy mercy, and for love of her extend to them a helping hand in Matt. 11:26, 29, 30. all their necessities. 0 Mary, Mother of God, vouchsafe always to protect those who pay homage to thy blessed mother and serve her with a devout heart." P. 362. " Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak to thee. But he an-swered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother ? and who are my brethren ? And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! For whoso-ever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, my sister, and my mother." Matt. 12:47-50 " 0 WISE and potent Mother, who hast so much power and merit before God and who reignest in glory with the Queen of Paradise, thy blessed Daughter Mary, never lel thy heart forget my needs. I am indeed thy unworthy servant, but I treas-ure in my soul the thought that my devot-edness to serve thee will be the pledge of my salvation." Pp. 364, 365. " Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the fruit of her womb ? Yea they may forget, yet will I not forget thee. Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands." Isa. 49 :15, 16. " Then said Jesus unto him, Get thee behind me Satan : for it is written, Thou shalt wor-ship the Lord thy God and him only shalt thou serve." Matt. 4 : 10. " For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ," not through St. Anne. " 0 SWEET advocate, present thyself for me before the throne of divine Majesty that by thy mediation I may obtain pardon of the evil I have done, strength henceforth to overcome my passions, and grace to spend all my days in good works." P. 365. " No man cometh to the Father, but by me." John 14 : 6. " For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us." Heb. 9 : 24. " For there is one God, and one Mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus." 1 Tim. 2: 5. " BLESSED was the womb that bore thee, 0 Mary ! Blessed was she who had the happiness of carrying thee in her arms and watching over thy slumbers! P. 65. " And it came to pass as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said unto him, Blessed is the womb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked. But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it." Luke 11: 27. 28. " HAIL, blessed Root, whence sprang the beautiful flower and delicious fruit which have consoled and rejoiced both heaven and earth. 'Even the most hardened souls obtain grace and pardon when they invoke thee with confidence, the saddest hearts are consoled by thee, if they have recourse to thee in their sorrow." P. 369. " Come now let us reason together, saith the Lord, though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool." Isa. 1:18. " And I will give them, one heart, and I will put a new spirit', within you ; and I [not St. Anne "] will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them a heart of flesh." Ezek. 