'T1 E AMERICAN SENTINEL. 181' 36 to close the Government exhibit was " one of no value, as it only requires what Mr. Blaine as Secretary of State ordered at Paris and Vienna," and again on the editorial page declares The first (but not final) decision in Congress as to the morals of the next World's Fair is that it shall be conducted (if the management so desire), not on the Anglo-Saxon plan of London and Philadelphia, but on the Franco-German plan of Paris and Vienna, with no Sabbath closing required except of the Government exhibit, which Secretary Blaine would have closed at Chicago, without the aid of Congress, as he did at Paris and Vienna. If this decision should be confirmed, the Fair would cele-brate, not the discovery of America in 1492, but the foreignizing of America in 1892. . . . Let it be swiftly and strongly shown that an un-Amer-ican Fair cannot expect Americans to sustain it. And again upon a very clear and accu-rate statement of the status of the ques-tion at Washington, presented by a cor-respondent, the Statesman comments edi-torially :Š We consider the defeat in this preliminary skirm-ish as much more serious than he regards it, "be-cause of the probability he mentions that " the bill appropriating more money will not pass at all." in which case we shall have no chance to defeat Sun-day opening in the larger battle. It is therefore of the utmost importance that the Senate or President should secure to us, by non-concurrence with the House on the pending bill, the conditions voted down. . . . Dr. Gray of the Interior thinks that if Congress refuses the five millions and it is furnished by private parties, the management will pay no heed to moral considerations. The Govern-ment will, in that case, have twice missed its opportunity to prevent this result. THE Political Dissenter is also in the same dissatisfied frame of mind, and speaks of what it expected and what it requires from congressmen and from its own following, with no less assurance than the Statesman. It says: Mr. Stone's amendment provided that no portion of the money should be paid to the management unless they filed with the Secretary of the Treas-ury a written agreement that the gates of the Ex-position should be closed on the Sabbath. This provision on a preliminary vote seemed to be about to carry, together with a further provision that no intoxicating liquors should be sold at any time on the Fair grounds. The vote on this last amend-ment was 87 to 80 in its favor. But the next day, May 26, many of the professed friends of temper-ance and the Sabbath proved untrue to their sacred cause. Only 27 stood firm on the first vote to 122 against the proposed provision. Col. Stone forced another vote by tellers, which brought out a some-what larger vote on each side-43 to 134. He has expressed his determination to compel a yea and nay vote, and thus put every man on record. The provision, which was adopted to close the national Government building on the Sabbath, and prohibit the sale of liquors in it, is a virtual grant of full liberty for Sabbath violation and drunkard-making elsewhere. What has become of the one hundred or more members of the lower house of Congress who had expressed themselves in favor of closing the Fair on the Sabbath ? In our issue of May 2 we gave the names of nearly a hundred of these professed friends of the Lord's day. And yet only twenty-seven stood firm at first, and only forty-three under the pressure of a vote by tellers. This vote says to the managers of the Fair, " Go ahead and keep it open Sabbath days and all, and make all the money you can by Sabbath desecration and the liquor traffic." And thus the responsibility of this double iniquity rests on the the United States Government. We call, therefore, on, all loyal Christians, to come out and be separate both from the Fair, and from the Government that has determined its immoral character. Ł It is remarkable how full an expression this incident has brought out, froni these organs of the party of political religion, of their dissatisfaction with anything short of a complete governmental assump-tion of control of the morals and religion of the Nation. They are filled with such an insane desire for this that they, as well as their congressman who presented this amendment, are unable to see why a pro-vision should not be tacked on to the  appropriation for the Government exhibit by which the Government would virtually boycott the Fair, to which it has already fully committed itself in every possible legislative way, unless its managers sign and deliver an agreement not to open on Sundays. That there should be or should have been such a possibility in the mind of any one shows such an unreasonable-ness upon this question as makes them willing to undertake almost any puerility which appeals to them to be for the fur-therance of their ends. And the end which they seek is not so much Sunday observance, in itself, as that the supreme civil authority of the State shall set the seal of its approbation upon it, and give its signet ring to those who desire to create an " American Sabbath" by law. The propagation of religion is secondary, their first thought is the creation of a Protestant similitude to the Papacy. W. H. M. A Judicial Profession of Christianity for the Nation. [Extract from an address by A. T. Jones, de-livered at Battle Creek, Mich., May 14, 1892, as reported in the Review and Herald.] ON the 29th of February, 1892, the Su-preme Court of the United States rendered a decision that does more than any constitu-tional amendment could possibly do, or Congress either, to make the image to the Papacy.-  All that remains is to give life to it by the .enforcement of whatever re-ligious observances any bigots may choose, who can control the civil power. Several years ago, Congress enacted a law forbidding any aliens to come to this country under contract to perform labor or service of any kind. The reason of that law was that large contractors in the United States, and corporations of great wealth who wanted to increase their wealth with as little expense as possible, would send agents to Europe to employ the low-est of the people whom they could get, to come over and work. They would pay their expenses over, and allow them to work it out at very small wages after they got over here. This was depreciating the price that Americans should receive for their labor, and therefore Congress enacted a law as follows :Š Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That from and after the passage of this act it shall be unlawful for any person, company, partnership, or corporation, in any man-ner whatsoever, to prepay the transportation, or in any way assist or encourage the importation or migration of any alien or aliens, any foreigner or for-eigners, into the United States, its Territories, or the District of Columbia, under contract or agree-ment,parol or special, expressed or implied, made previous to the importation or migration of such alien or aliens, foreigner or foreigners, to perform labor or service of any kind in the United States, its Territories, or the District of Columbia. A certain church corporation in New York City hired a preacher in England to come here and preach for them. They contracted with him before he came. He was an alien, and came over under con-tract, to perform service for that church. The United States District Attorney en-tered suit against the church for violating this law. The United States Circuit Court decided that the church was guilty, and rendered judgment accordingly. An ap-peal was taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, upon writ of error. The Supreme Court reversed the deci-sion, first upon the well-established prin-ciple that "the intent of the Jew-maker is  the law." The court quoted directly from the reports of the Senate Committee and the House Committee who had the bill in charge when it was put through Congress; and these both said in express terms that the term "laborer " or "labor or service," used in -the statute, was intended to mean only manual labor or service, and not professional service of any kind. There-fore, that being the intent, and the only intent of the law, and the intent of the law-maker being the law, the Supreme Court reversed the decision of the lower court, and said that the act complained of was not a violation of the law. So far as this goes, the decision is per- fectly proper, and it needed to have gone no further. But between that paragraph and the closing paragraph of the decision, the declaring of this Nation to be " a Christian Nation," this making of the im- age of the Papacy, was put in, as much out of place as anything could possibly be. It is altogether false; it is totally subversive of the Government of the United States as the people established it at first, and virtually makes an image to the Papacy. So I turn to that part of the decision. After reviewing the act of Congress, the reports of the committees, etc., and decid-ing that the law had no such intent as the lower court gave it, the Supreme Court proceeds thus :Š But beyond all these matters, no purpose of ac-tion against religion can be imputed to any legisla-tion, State or national, because this is a religious people. [Everybody knows that this is not true.] This is historically true. From the discovery of this continent to the present hour, there is a single voice making this affirmation. Suppose it be granted that this is "his-torically true," what kind of religion was this " historical " religion ? Was it of a kind that the people of the United States now desire to see perpetuated ? We shall presently see what kind it is; and that whatever be the kind, or whether the peo-ple desire to see it perpetuated or not, it is perpetuated by .this decision. In order to get it before you in. the most forcible way, I will first run down to the end of the decision, and show the inter-pretation and application which the court makes, of the Constitution as it respects religion. After citine,  " historical " state-ments which show that the Roman Catho- lic religion might be the religion of this Nation; which establish the righteousness of religious test-oaths as a qualification for office; which. require belief in the doc-trine of the trinityŠthe Catholic doctrine of the Trinity, of courseŠand in the in-spiration of the Old and New Testaments; and which establish the righteousness of Sunday laws,Š after citing statements which establish the legality of all these religious things, then the court quotes from the First Amendment to the-Consti- tution. that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and upon this, flatly declares:Š There is no dissonance in these declarations. There is a universal language pervading them all, having one meaning; they affirm and re-affirm, that this is a religious Nation. Now when I read these " historical " statements, and you see what they say, and what they mean, you will know that in the estimation of the Supreme Court of the United States, that is what the Consti-tution of the United States means. I begin to read as follows :Š From the discovery of this continent to the pres-ent hour, there is a single voice making this affir- 