218 THE A.MERICA_N SENTINEL. of the League, in this matter, are repre-sented by its President and its General Secretary, and if those principles and intents are expected to be carried into effect under the amendment when adopted, then the amendment means much that is bad. Fairly and honestly interpreted, the amendment would forbid the use of the Bible or the teaching of any religion in the public schools; yet, February 15, 1889, Dr. James M. King, then the repre-sentative of the Evangelical Alliance, and now the General Secretary of this League, appeared before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor, and argued in favor of the proposed Blair Amendment to the United States Constitu-tion, which distinctly proposed to enforce by national power, the teaching of " the principles of the Christian religion" in all the public schools of the Nation. In his speech he argued earnestly for that " Christianity " which is " a part of American law." He said:Š The Christianity which has from the beginning characterized our public schools, and which prop-erly belongs to the schools of Christian people, is thus alluded to by the Evangelical Alliance in a recent circular to the American people :Š Touching the management of our common schools on the purity of whose teaching depends the char-acter of the Nation, this Alliance would earnestly and respectfully entreat all who would maintain in their purity and beneficence our American institu-tions, to have eye to the schools in their own im-mediate neighborhood; to cherish them with affec-tionate and jealous care; to guard them from partisan and sectarian manipulation, to see that the teachers are fitted for their work, morally as well as intellectually, and that they worthily appre-ciate the grandeur of their task in training children for their high duties as American citizens. They should clearly understand that while those duties are based upon the broad, tolerant Christianity which our country holds to be, in a modified sense, a part of the American lawŠthe Christianity re-vealed in the Bible, and whose divine origin and birth are judicially recognizedŠa Christianity not founded upon any particular tenets, but Christian-ity with liberty of conscience to all men; the Chris-tian ethics and influence thus authorized and demanded in our schools must never be narrowed or perverted in our State institutions, and least of all in our public schools, by the admission of denominational dogmas or doctrines, or of decrees or maxims at variance with American rights, Amer-ican principles, or American law; or inconsistent with the fundamental American principle of a complete separation of Church and State. Again - It is now known everywhere that the Wisconsin Supreme Court lately decided against the-use of the King James version of the Bible in the public schools. The Court decided thus upon the strength of the clause in the State Constitution forbidding sectarian instruction in the public schools, and which forbade the State to make any law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. In short, the Supreme Court of Wisconsin decided against the use of the Bible in the public schools, under constitutional provisions which in substance and on their face are identical with this amendment which is proposed by the National League for the Protection of American Institutions ; yet, on the eighth day of April, 1890, in the New York Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Dr. King, at the time  General Secretary of this League, as Chairman of the Conference Committee on Religion and Public Education, pre-sented a report in which are the following statements of what the committee called " principles " 2. That the separation of Church and State can-not mean under our form of government the sepa-ration of Christian morality and the State. 3. Historically, and by the highest legal and judi-cial precedent we are a Christian Nation. 4. It is well settled by decisions in leading States of the Union that Christianity is a part of the com-mon law of the State: "the American States adopted these principles from the common law of England." 5. Education consists in the symmetrical develop-ment of the whole man for the purpose of his crea-tion. This purpose is admitted to be moral. Purely secular education is impossible in a land whose literature, history, and laws are a product of a Chris-tian civilization. 12. We repudiate as un-American and pagan, and as a menace to the perpetuity of our free insti-tutions, the recent Supreme Court decision in the State of Wisconsin, a decision dictated and defended by the enemies of the public schools, that the read-ing of the Bible, without comment, is " sectarian instruction of the pupils, in view of the fact that the Bible contains numerous passages upon some of which the peculiar creed of almost every religious sect is based. And that such passages may be reason-ably understood to inculcate the doctrines predi-cated upon them." The enemies of the common school declare that " exclusion of the Bible would not help the matter. This would only make the schools purely secular, which were worse than making them purely Protestant. For as it regards the State, society, morality, all the interests of this world, Protestantism we hold to be far better than no religion." In the present state of the controversy, we hold it to be the duty of the citizens of a commonwealth, Christian in its history and in the character of its laws, to deny that the Bible is a sectarian book, and to claim for it a place whenever the State attempts to educate youth for the duties of citizenship. And April 16, 1890, in a long letter to the New York Times, Hon. John Jay, the President of the League, took the Times to task for its criticism of the above re-port. The sole object of the letter is to prove that " Christianity is a part of American law " and that therefore Chris-tianity and its interests must be respected and enforced by the law, and it distinctly defended the right of the State " to teach morality," "to approve the ten command-ments," and " to instruct children in the law of God. and the sermon on the mount." And he assumes the task of " defending American law from the charge of ignor-ing Christianity " which he declares " is not difficult for even a layman." By these evidences it is plain enough that this League for the Protection of American Institutions does not really in-tend to protect the American public school. While proposing that this amendment shall prohibit the State from devoting any money to any church school or institution, the League does intend that the State shall teach the Christian religion in the public school, and shall use its money for that purpose. The League gives to the word " sectarian ", a meaning of its own, a meaning which the word  cannot fairly be made to bear, and it intends that under that meaning its views of the Christian religion shall be forced upon the people in the public schools at the public expense. We are not alone in the view that by interpretation this proposed. amendment is to be made to enforce what it does not say. The same day on which Dr. King spoke before the Senate Committee in be-half of the Blair Amendment, Rev. T. P. Stevenson, Corresponding Secretary of the National Reform Association, spoke im-mediately preceding Dr. King, and pre- sented a memorial of which the two fol-lowing resolutions are a part :Š Resolved, That our common schools, as one of the most important institutions of our country, should correspond to the Christian origin, history, and character of the Republic itself. Our schools should teach the history of our country, and the character of our institutions, our laws, and the rea-sons for them, the prerogatives and responsibilities of the sovereign people and their government, on the loyalty due, under God, to the authority of our own rulers. The Bible ought not only to be read but taught in all the schools. The public schools must prove a failure if they do not train our rising generation to be honest, virtuous, and loyal citizens. Such training, the ordinance for the Territory of the Northwest, and Washington's farewell address, assure us, can be found only in the principles of religion. Resolved, That while our schools are and should be Christian, no preference or advantage should be given to any one sect or denomination in connection with the public schools. Above all, no sect can justly or fairly claim any share of the public money for the support of its own sectarian schools. This expresses the same principles pre-cisely as those held by Dr. King and Mr. John Jay; and of this amendment that is framed and proposed by the League, the Christian Statesman of which Mr. Steven-son is editor, says It ought to receive the immediate and serious support of all loyal Americans. And then says :Š Rightly interpreted, the foregoing amendment could not be used in any way as a lever to over-throw the Christian elements in our public schools. By these evidences it is plain enough that if that amendment were adopted and were a part of the United States Constitu-tion, and the United States Supreme Court should by it decide against the use of the King James version of the Bible in the public schools, that Court would be de-nounced by this League as an aider and abettor of " the enemies of the common schools," and such decision would be de-nounced by this League as " un-American and pagan." Another thing, it is only Protestants who demand, as in Wisconsin, that the Bible, that is, the King James version of the Bible, shall be used in the public schools. This according to .the above report of the General Secretary of this League is not sectarian. It is held not to be sectarian because the leading Protestant denomina-tions all agree that it is proper. With this meaning given to the word " secta-rian " these denominations might establish 