AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 759 is a difference only in form and not at all in principle; is merely a difference in method and not at all in fact. It is hardly possible, that the President would determine to levy a direct tax for the support of the Catholic Church_ and clergy in Cuba: certainly he would say that such a thing would be unconstitutional. But whatever is for- bidden to be done directly is equally forbidden to be done indirectly. And as certainly as the levying of a direct tax for such a purpose would be unconstitutional and subversive of fundamental national principle, so certainly the advancing for such a purpose, of money already raised by the Government, is equally unconsti-tutional and subversive of fundamental national prin-ciple. If the President can advance for the support of the Catholic Church threepence only of the money of all the people and oblige the people to submit to it, he can with equal right and authority oblige the people to conform to:the wishes of that church in all cases whatsoever. Thus this thing that has been "determined" "differs from the Inquisition only in degree. "The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intolerance." The Washington correspondent reported that this thing of the national Government supporting the Cath-olic Church in Cuba, is done in order that the Catholic clergy there may not be made "a dangerous set of ene-mies" by having "reason to regret the presence of the American flag 'on the island:" it is to avoid "the ma-lign influence that is in the power of a hostile clergy to exercise." This is nothing else than the employing of religion as an engine of civil policy. The men who made this nation, said of that "Bill Establishing a Provision for Teachers of the Christian Religion," that it implied "either that the civil magis-trate is a competent judge of religious truths, or that he may employ religion as an engine of civil policy." And upon this they declared that "the first is an arrogant pretension, falsified by the contradictory opinions of rulers in all ages and throughout the world; the second [is] an unhallowed perversion of the means of sal-vation." They declared that the "fruits" of this thing, upon a trial of "almost fifteen centuries" had been "more or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ig-norance and servility in the laity; in both superstition, bigotry and persecution." And that such has been pre-cisely its fruits in the remaining one hundred and twenty Years, unto this time, in Cuba is certain from the statement of this same Washington correspondent that though there is in Cuba a "vast number of priests and high church dig-nitaries" who "exercise complete control over their par-ishioners," yet the "population is densely ignorant," and "have never been taught to support their church and clergy by direct voluntary contributions;" and that this same clergy is of such a dangerous and malign dis-position that unless the Government of the United States shall now continue the support that the Spanish govern-ment always gave, "it is easy to believe that the new  American government in Cuba would have at its very inception built up a dangerous set of enemies" in this priesthood. And to continue the old system of things which the makers of the nation repudiated, but which has been continued by Spain, is the very thing that this Washing-ton correspondent says President McKinley has deter-mined to do, as the consequence of "numerous conferences with Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland." In other words, the President has espoused, and is com-mitting the national Government to the very principles in Coto, which the makers of the nation distinctly and in fullest detail repudiated, and fixed their repudiation of those principles in the national Constitution and the supreme law as they intended and supposed forever. This is a complete revolution: silent it is true, but none the less a revolution; and a revolution backward at that. A. T. J. In Jail for Conscience' Sake. THE following appeared recently in the Times, Alex-andria, Va., and gives some information which will be of interest to those who have made note of the arrest and imprisonment of two seventh-day observers at Ford's Store, Maryland, for non-observance of Sunday:Š "MEN IN JAIL ON ACCOUNT OF THEIR RELIGION. "An old citizen having seen in the TIMES, some weeks ago, that two Adventists, Rhodes and Curlett, were held in jail at Centreville, Queen Anne County, Md., for cut-ting corn on Sunday, wrote to them regretting that such a state of things could exist in Maryland and urg-ing agitation to induce the voters there to secure an amendment of the Sunday law similar to that in the Code of Virginia which declares that no penalty shall be incurred for work on Sundays by any one who conscien-tiously believes that the seventh day of the week should be observed as a Sabbath, and does in fact refrain from secular labor or business on that day. To this the fol-lowing reply was received yesterday:Š " 'CENTREVILLE JAIL, Nov. 20, '98. " 'DEAR FRIEND: We received a kind and welcome letter from you the other day which encourages us very much. We appreciate kindness and sympathetic words that we may receive from any one. We can see by the tone of your letter that you are not in harmony with the persecuting spirit which prevails in Queen Anne County, Md. We keep the seventh day of the week in accordance with 'the commandments of God, and work on Sunday, which we are persecuted for. But we rejoice that we are accounted worthy to suffer for His sake who suffered for us. The servant is not greater than his Lord. He has promised in his precious Word that he willInever leave us, nor forsake us. And praise to his most holy name we are getting an experience here that we could never get any otherwise. We remain, " ' Yours respectfully, J. H. RHODES. J. F. CIIRLETT. 