A./4E11,t0A; 8ENTiN't1;. 18/ Word of God. They will endeavor to compel us to render homage to man-made statutes; but in God's strength we are to refuse to dishonor him. The laws of earthly kingdoms are to be obeyed only when they do not conflict with the laws of God. When governments are tyrannical and overbearing, when they trample on God's law, their laws are contemptible in his sight. And when they try to control the minds and con-sciences of those whom. Christ died to make free, God's children are to show their loyalty to him by refusing to disobey his commandments. When the judgment shall sit, and the books of heaven shall be opened, all will be judged, not by the laws that human minds have enacted, but by the law of God, which existed before the foundations of the world were laid. And the men who have been co-workers with the first great rebel, and who have not, as guardians of the state, searched the Word of God, that as rulers they might deal righteously and mercifully, will be judged by the law they have disregarded and dishonored. ANSWERING TO THE COURT OF HEAVEN. In that day when every work shall be brought into judgment, when the Lord Jesus, with the marks of the crucifixion on his body, shall come in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory, those 'who, while holding positions of trust, have caused God's people to suffer, will cast their idols of silver and gold to the moles and to the bats, "to go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the Lord, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake ter-ribly the earth." "For, behold, the Lord cometli out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity; the earth also shall disclose her blood, and shall no more cover her slain." They have shown noŁrespect for God, no fear to trans-gress his commandments; but have refused to give their fellow-men rights equal to their own, and have tried to make them disobey God. They have stubbornly adhered to man-made commandments, and they will be judged accordingly. Those who persist in enacting laws which men cannot obey without dishonoring God, and those that obey these laws, and trample on the law of the eter-nal God, must prepare for the result; for God will not change, nor alter the thing which has gone out of his mouth. LOVE FULFILLS THE LAW. "As the Father hath loved me," said Christ, "so have I loved you; continue ye in my love." "If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love. These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full." "He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his command-ments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him. But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God per-fected: hereby know we that we are in him. He that saith be abideth in him ought himself also so to walk,  even as he walked." "Whosoever comnaitteth sin trans-gresseth also the law; for sin is the transgression of the law. . . . And he that keepeth his eommandmenta dwelletb in him, and he in him." God honors those who honor him by obedience to his precepts. John, the beloved disciple, was banished' to the isle of Patmos for his faithfulness. "I John," he writes, "who also am your brother and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of JesusŁ Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the Word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ. I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." Did John here mean Sun-day?ŠThere is but one day called the Lord's day, and that is the seventh day of the week, the Sabbath insti-tuted at creation. God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he rested and was refreshed. He-blessed and sanctified this day, and set it apart to be ob-served as a memorial of creation. And on the seventh day John heard behind him "a great voice, as of a trum-pet, saying. I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last; and, What thou seest write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches." "And I turned to see the,  voice that spake unto me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; and in the midst of the seven can-dlesticks one like unto the Son of man." Thus Christ honored John for his steadfast obedience to him." Adam and Eve lost all access to Eden and to the tree of life because they took the word of another before the word of God. By this act of disobedience they opened the flood-gates of woe upon our world. But those who,  steadfastly adhere to God's Word will hear the benedic-tion, "Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city." No flaming sword guards that tree from those who, after the light has been given them, in the face of all opposition, turn from the commandments of men to obey the commandments of God. The Influence of the Papacy upon the Church..  Tan sixth civil power to organize against the seed of Abraham gave way to another, which was to prove the worst of all. These six powers had been but the union of the state with pagan forms of religion, while the next was to blend Christianity with its paganism, and so gain control of the rising church of Christ, in order to turn it away from its designed purpose, namely, to establish truth in the earth. The Council of Nice was really the establishment of the papacy, because then and there the church yielded its sanction to a civil ruler dictating religious forms and laws to the world. In this the church committed itself to the policy of a state-governed church, and so virtually denied the power of Christ to rule that body, which was intended to represent Him in the earth. The place Christ should have had in the hearts of men as members of his 