IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 43. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 31, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, EDIToRb. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. THE " REASONS " THEN AND NOW. BEFORE another number of this paper reaches the reader, at least two more Seventh-day Adventists will have been placed upon trial for their faith; one in Maryland, the other in Tennessee. It is denied that the prosecution of these men is persecution, for " it is only enforcing the civil law." " They are not fined, impris-oned, or worked in the chain-gang for their religion, but only for violation of civil law." " They are left perfectly free to observe Sat-urday if they wish to do so, and they must respect our rights." Such are some of the excuses offered for pursuing with the "law," conscientious, upright men, whose lives are admitted to be above reproach. It is not for the purpose of soliciting sym-pathy for Seventh-day Adventists that we state these facts, but to secure consideration of the principles involved. The contention that it is not religious persecution fails, in view of the facts as we have repeatedly given them to the public; for while Seventh-day Adventists are singled out and punished, fre-quently for the most trifling acts of unobtru-sive private work, men who observe no day, or who at least frequently work on Sunday and do not observe the seventh day, are not molested. True, it would not make the " law" any better or justify its existence if all who violated it were prosecuted, but the purpose of its enforcement against Seventh-day Adventists would not be so apparent. But, as before remarked, it is not for the purpose of exciting sympathy that we present these facts. It is that by seeing the evil of the practical workings of such " laws," men may be led to examine the principles, to recognize the moral obligation resting upon every man to obey God regardless of consequences; and also to recognize the fact that there is an infalli-ble standard of right and justice in all things. This perfect law of moral action is revealed in the Word of God, while in our civil relations this undeviating and perfect rule of action is written in the very law of our being. This latter truth is expressed in the Declar-ation of Independence, in the words: " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men." This law of justice which, when obeyed, secures to every man civil liberty, is seen and recognized in proportion as the individual members of civil society recognize moral obli-gation; hence the largest measure of civil liberty is enjoyed in those countries that have most gospel light. Civil liberty is however incidental to, rather than the object of, the gospel. The purpose of the gospel is to bring men into harmony with God by writing the divine law in their hearts; and this law being the " law of liberty " not only gives true liberty to every one who is conformed to it; but it leads such an one to award to his fellowmen everything which he claims for himself. The underlying principle of Christianity is supreme loyalty to God and perfect recogni-tion of the equality and rights of our fellow-creatures. The Scriptures sum up all human duty in two precepts: " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind; " and, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."' And again: " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets."' This is the perfect law, in obedience to which there is perfect liberty. According to the pagan conception of the rights of man and of civil society, divinity inheres in the State; hence the maxim: " The voice of the people is the voice of God." This is a denial alike of a positive moral stand-ard and of inalienable right. Under such a system toleration may exist, but liberty is impossible. The Son of God came into the world to set men free, and to teach the divine truth that 1  Jar. 31: 33. James 1: 25. 3  Matt. 22: 87, 39. 4  Matt. 7:12. there is an absolute standard of .right estab-lished by God himself; and that nothing which is contrary to that standard is of any binding force whatever, or imposes upon the most humble man any obligation at all. In the familiar words of the Saviour, " Render unto Cesar the things that are Cmsar's, and unto God the things that are God's," the Lord declared the absolute inde-pendence of every man from every other man in everything pertaining to God; and it was to teach this doctrine that the followers of Christ were sent into all the world. The doctrine was not new, for it was divine; and the same truth which our Lord taught, and which his disciples were commissioned to teach, was truth as soon as there was. a moral creature in existence. The three Hebrews asserted their independence of human govern-ment in their relations to God when they re-fused to worship the golden image.' Daniel asserted the same principle when he disobeyed the king's commandment and prayed to God three times a day as he had done aforetime." But it was not until the gospel commission was given to the apostles that this doctrine was preached to the world in its fullness. And the preaching of this gospel of liberty was ac-counted treason against the State. Paganism was so interwoven with the man-ners, customs and government of the people, that to introduce another religion was indi-rectly to attack the civil polity of Rome. Even in the every-day-affairs of life, the Christian was compelled to run counter to the religious prejudices of his heathen neighbors. Gibbon says:Š The Christian, who with pious horror avoided the abomination of the circus or the theater, found him-self encompassed with infernal snares in every convivial entertainment, as often as his friends, invoking the hospitable deities, poured out libations to each others' happiness. . . . Every art and every trade that was in the least concerned in the framing or adorning of idols, was polluted by the stain of idolatry. The dangerous temptations which on every side lurked in ambush to surprise the unguarded believer, assailed him with redoubled violence on the day of solemn festivals. So artfully were they framed and dis-posed through the year, that superstition always wore the appearance of pleasure, and often of virtue. . Ł . On the days of general festivity, it was the custom of the ancients to adorn their doors with lamps and with branches of laurel, and to crown their heads with gar-lands of flowers. This innocent and elegant practice might have been tolerated as a mere,  civil institution. 6  Dan. 3: 1-26. Dan. 6: 1-22. 