Equal and &xactJustiee to all ben, or Whatever state or cPersuasion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MARCH 31, 1892. NUMBER 13. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE cry of "anarchy" raised in Pitts-burg, referred to elsewhere in this paper, is an ominous sign of the times. It indi-,cates that we are entering upon an era in this country when, as never before in our history, the inquiry will not be, what is right ? but, what is the law ? ANARCHY is defined to be "political confusion " and an anarchist is " one who seeks to overturn by violence all consti-tuted forms and institutions of society and government, all law and order, and all rights of property, with no purpose of establishing any other system of order in the place of that destroyed." It is evi-dent, therefore, that opposition to unjust laws is not anarchy, nor are those who disobey such laws anarchists in any proper sense of the word. DANIEL and his three companions re-fused obedience to unjust and tyrannical laws; but they were not anarchists. Peter and John disobeyed the magistrates when commanded not to speak any more in the name of Jesus; but they were not anarch-ists. Time would fail even to mention the prominent martyrs that disobeyed law that they might obey God, and not one of them was an anarchist. John Bunyan resolutely refused to obey the law of Eng-land which required him to attend the services of the established Church; but he was not an anarchist. Neither were the Baptists and Quakers of New England anarchists though they persistently dis-obeyed-law and suffered the most shame-ful indignities rather than surrender even to the civil law their God-given rights,  Bigotry and intolerance, intrenched in in-iquitous laws, may shout, "anarchy," and talk loftily about the sacredness of law, and the duty to obey magistrates, but inalienable right justifies resistance when laws trespass upon the sacred domain of conscience, or exact recognition of those things which in their very nature and design are outside the jurisdiction of human government. The Breckinridge Sunday B111. As previously noted in these columns, the Breckinridge Sunday Bill for the Dis-trict of Columbia, introduced in the Fifty-first Congress, by Representative W. C. P. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, has been, by the same gentleman, re-introduced in the Fifty-second Congress. The bill is as follows :Š A BILL TO PREVENT PERSONS FROM BEING FORCED TO LABOR ON SUNDAY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That it shall be unlawful for any person or corporation, or employe of any person or corporation, in the District of Columbia, to perform any secular labor or business, or to cause the same to be performed by any person in their employment on Sunday, except works of necessity or mercy; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or services performed or rendered in violation of this act. Any person or corporation, or employe of any person or corporation, in the District of Columbia, who shall violate the provisions of this act, shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than one hundred dollars for every such offense: Provided, however, That the provisions of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest. It will be observed that the title of this bill is misleading. It is styled, " A bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday in the District of Colum-bia," the body of the bill, however, says nothing on that subject, but only proposes to fine any one who labors on Sunday whether he wants to do so or not. It would be equally as appropriate to frame  " a bill to prevent kidnapping " and then provide, not for punishing the kidnappers, but, for fining any one who should be kid-napped. The design of this bill is not to "pre-vent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday" but to prevent them from labor-ing on that day when they want to. At the hearing on this bill before the House Committee on the District of Columbia Feb. 18, 1890, an effort was made to show that it was demanded by organized labor ; but one, Mr. Hobbs, Chief Officer of the Knights of Labor in the District of Co-himbia, appeared before the committee and said :Š I want to deny that the Knights of Labor have authorized anybody to speak for them in this par-ticular matter. Mr. Crafts came before the Federa-tion of Labor and argued this bill, and that body refused to indorse the bill. He came before the Dis-trict Assembly of the Knights of Labor (which is made up of all the Knights of Labor of the As-semblies of the District of Columbia), and that body has refused to indorse it. There are parties in that body who believe in the bill as it is; others believe in a certain portion of it, and others are wholly opposed to it; and the Knights of Labor, as a whole, have thought best not to have anything to do with it. Every Knight of Labor is in favor of a day of restŠsome of them believe that they ought to have two days of rest. . . . They do not believe in working on Sunday, but as for the other feature of the bill, they think it best not to appear here in favor of it; and I believe there is quite a lot of the members of the Order who believe that if they want rest on SundayŠor any other day--they can get it through their labor organizations, and that it is best not to try to get it through Congress by a sort of a church movement. Nobody in the District of Columbia is forced to labor on a day that he regards as sacredŠto be kept holy unto the LordŠany more than he is forced to steal, or do any other wrong act, that at the time might appear to be for his financial benefit. Men may lose employment * by refusing to work on Sunday, but they may also lose *Rev. IV. F. Crafts, the author of the "Sabbath for Man," "Addresses on the Civil Sabbath," etc., in the latter work says: "I have searched the world over in vain for an affirmative an-swer to the question, Did you ever know a man financially ruined by refusing to do Sunday work? I have found scores of instances where courageous conscientiousness in this matter led to promotion, none where it led to poverty." Thus, Mr. Crafts himself being the witness, it appears that nd man is compelled even by circumstances to work on Sunday. 