AMERICAN SENTINEL. 409 News, Notes, and Comment. WHEN Mr. Justice Brewer delivered that famous °pin_ ion of the Supreme Court, under which a learned English divine was admitted into this country that he might assist at the ministrations of "Old Trinity Church" in New York City, the Justice felt called upon to work out, at considerable length, and with elaboration quite ex-tensive, the items which he had taken it upon himself to "nail up and defend"Šnamely, "that this is a Christian nation." He approached his subject from various di-rections, and always with the same results. He shed upon it many different kinds of light, and the letters only came out all the stronger. The "X rays" of an intellect unquestitin ably forceful, were turned upon it, and the declaration showed, through and through without a flaw, "this is a Christian nation." Now, whatever a layman may feel himself at liberty to do, it lies not within the province of an attorney to criticise the ,Supreme Court of the United States, or to question the utterances of that high judicial bodyŠ"the most august tribunal in the world," as it has been styled. And the methods, or line of reasoning whereby any given conclusion has been reached in the minds of the judges, is as much beyond the pur-view of the practitioner as is the decision itself. Never-theless, there is no objection to pointing out that certain' facts which the court cites, as pertinent to its view of the legal.question involved in a particular case, have also a significance apart altogether from their relation to the issue argued and decided therein. * IN the great "Christian nation case," for example, the Supreme Court's opinion, as delivered by Mr. Justice Brewer, calls attention to the fact that nearly every "commission" or royal authority given by European powers to their citizens, to make discoveries, plant set-tlements, or "stake out claims," in Western mining par-lance, on this continent of ours, mentions, in terms more or less specific, as among the objects contemplated in the grant, "the propagation of the Christian faith among savages now living in darkness." This, it is considered, constitutes an argument in favor of the proposition that ours is "a Christian country." So be it. We have here, at any rate, a historical datum of other, if not wider sig-nificance. * WITH the single exception of the Dutch, every nation of Europe did, indeed, deem it advisable to proclaim to the world the missionary character of 'its expeditions to the American shores. (I have found one English "com-mission" from which this announcement was omitted, I presume by an oversight.) Trade is mentioned as a de- sirable thing to look out for.; the extension of the con-trol of Christian rulers over lands occupied by unbeliev-ers is spoken of as quite desirable; but these are matters of a transitory world, and only a means to an endŠthe saving of immortal souls to an eternal life, where time and territory and trade shall be no more. In our day, when a nation goes to war, she does not feel called upon to justify herself in the eyes of her own people or of other communities by any pretense of religious zeal or aspira-tion. Columbus set out westward that he might reach the East and "convert the Great Khan." But England calmly takes India by the throat and chokes her into submission, without either thinking or talking about the Gospel, though, as a matter of course, behind the bayo-nets and the artillery, go the clergyman and the "Estab-lished Church." What is the cause of this difference? IT is all due to the change of zeitgeist, or time spirit. After the barbarians who overthrew Rome had parcelled the fair domain of Europe outŠnot to their satisfaction, for they were continually squabbling, and "rearranging and shifting," but still, after a fashionŠamong them-selves, there was, for several centuries, a very remarkable zeitgeist dominating the minds of men. The Phenicians were the great traders of antiquity. The Greeks knew and appreciated the value of wealth, and the importance  of barter for its acquisition. So did the Romans. These last accumulated worldly goods, at the height of their power and magnificence, largely by plunder; but they also had ships, and profited by the exchange of the pro-ducts of one country for those of another. But after Rome's eagles had flown away, never to return, com-merce practically ceased. The Barons enriched them-selves by robbing each other from time to time. The peasants patiently tilled the soil; there was little induce-ment for any one of them to "go into business," for, if he succeeded, it was pretty certain that, sooner or later, some great "lord" would make a "forced loan" out of his accumulations. A VERY amusing illustration of the popular at-titude towards trade is given by Mr. Charles Reade in his great story, "The Cloister and the Hearth," and it shows a wonderful capacity for entering into the spirit of another age, totally different from that of our own, does the imagining of such an incident. Mr. Reade tells us of a German shoemaker of the period under consider-ation, who was discovered by a would-be customer sound. asleep at the door of his shop, in the middle of the day. The man was quite angry at being disturbed, and his wrath was rather augmented than mollified, when he learned the purpose for which his visitor had called. He entered the store reluctantly, arid begged the stranger not to buy a particular pair of shoes which attracted the latter's fancy. The customer, however, insisted on having what he wanted, and got it at last. As he left, the shoe- 