140  AMERICAN SENTINEL. "If that is the price which must be paid for filling a church most people will be of the opinion that it had better go empty." Juggling With the Constitution. "Springfield Republican." IT is becoming difficult to follow the Admininistra-tion in its interpretation of the Constitution regarding the status of the new insular possessions. The theory advanced for the emergency has 'been that the Constitu-tion does not apply to them by its own force at all, Con-gress having unlimited power to govern them and regulate their affairs as is pleases. It is under this doc-trine that a tariff between the United States and Porto Rico is to be maintained, and the Filiinos are to be given no rights of American citizenship. The adminis-tration's dispatch to Gen. Otis, through Secretary-Root, regarding slavery in the Sulus, is, therefore, bewildering. On October 27,1899, Secretary Root informed the gen-eral that the Bates treaty with the sultan was con-firmed and approved by the President,',,  subject to the action of Congress; but he added:Ñ `sWith the understanding and reservation, which should be distinctly communicated to the sultan of Sulu, that this agreement is not to be deemed in any way to authorize or give consent of the United States to the existence of slavery in the Sulu archipelago, which is made impossible by the 13th amendment to the Constitution of the United States." From this it appears that the administration holds that the Constitution of the United States does not apply to the insular possessions of the United States, so far as one paragraph of it is concerned. Slavery cannot exist in the Sulu islands, says the government to Gen. Otis, because the Constitution of the United States for-bids it. In all huniility let us ask: Under what rule of constitutional interpretation does one section of the Constitution apply, by its inherent force, to the insular possessions, while all the other sections do not apply to them? The imperialist lawyers have a fine job 'before them. To reconcile the administration's position re-garding slavery in the Sulus with the imperialist theory of the limited scope of the Constitution, they must dem-onstrate that one small section of that instrument has a scope and an expansive force greater than all the rest of the Constitution put together. Tars then is the doctrine of the new imperialism:ÑCongress has "plenarypowers" over our new posses-sions.  the right of petition and of peaceable assemblage, free-dom from search and unwarrantable arrest. And whatever injury this peaceable Republic may and surely will receive from the dangerous graft of mili-tarism upon our system and the injected poison of sub-ject races of savages, hybrids and aliens, "our protected interests"Ñthe great campaign contributorsÑare "not to be injured." The Republic may perish, but the mo-nopolies must be preserved.ÑN. Y. World. A STORY, almost incredible, comes from Manila, to the effect that a Filipino soldier, captured in a recent skirmish, is to be tried before a military commission on the charge of assault with intent to kill, or of murder in case actual killing can be established. This would be simply intolerable. It was on a similar plea that Weyler and other military governors. in Cuba justified their butcheries. The men who were fighting for liberty were styled brigands and outlaws, and they were treated as criminals when they fell into the hands of the Spaniards. It was this practise which, as much as anything else, outraged the sense of the civilized world and especially aroused the resentment of the American people. It was to put a stop to the killing of soldiers on the pretext that they were committing crime and not in fair combat, that the United States drove Spain out of this hemisphere. We do not want to play in the Philippines the shameful gamethat Spain played in Cuba. The American people will not endure it. We may,confidently hope that this tale of the treatment of captured Filipino soldiers other than as prisonors of war will be found imaginary. ÑBoston Post. THE Constitution aside, ought there to be possible in this country such a thing as a Congress possessing autocratic powers, subject to no review by the supreme court? Hitherto in the history of the Republic theUnited States supreme court has always stood above the legis-lative power, checking and restraining its excesses in so far as they violated the fundamental law. But now it is proposed to throw aside the supreme court and leave Congress with full power over at least 10,000,000 of human beings, very many of whom are advanced in civilization. The principle of absolutism, against which our Revolutionary fathers rebelled, and against which this Republic has stood, until now, as a living protest, is thus introduced as an active force for the first time in our republican system. No smooth words can explain away this advance of despotic principles at the expense of constitutional government in the United States of America.ÑSpringfield Republican. harmonized with the The inhabitants of the annexed islands have -no rights except such as Congress may grant them. --They are not entitled to any of the guarantees of  THE Sunday laws can never be the Constitution as to jury trial,free speech, a free press, Golden Rule. 