Rollo of Normandy showing allegiance by proxy to King Charles. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 75 Studies in French History.-7. "WHOM were we talking about when our last week's study closed?" questioned Professor Carman. "That's good; I see you are interested in these les-sons," he added, as he noted the dozen eager hands that were raised. "It was about Rollo, the Norman," answered Charlie White, in response to a nod from his teacher. "Right. Well, Milly, what is on your mind? you may speak freely. In fact, I think we may as well devote the first of the half hour to questions, an-swers, and a familiar talk on the previous lesson." "Well," said Mil-ly, "aunt Mildred is at our house visiting, she is real good in history, and she told us a little story about Charles the Simple and' Rollo. She said that when the king let Rollo have certain lands, it was necessary that he comply with the usual cus-tom, and show his allegiance to his king by kissing Charles' foot. But Rollojdidn't propose to do that kind of business, and so he sent a soldier to do it for him. But it was not at all agreeable even to him, and he was sd indignant at being asked to do this, that he seized the king's foot and raised it to his lips, instead of bowing down to perform the ceremony. As the king was sitting on a throne which was not stationery, it tipped him over, throne and all," laughed Milly, "and then the Normans laughed at him; but the Frenchmen were quite angry, though the king wisely turned it off as a joke." "A very good story, Milly, and well told," said Pro-fessor Carman, encouragingly. "After Charles the Simple had been murdered," con-tinued the teacher, "which people supposed was done by  one of his nobles, Hugh the Great, who was the son of the Count of Paris,Šhe who had been the real ruler in-stead of Charles the Simple, might easily have been king. But he did not choose so to aspire; so LouisIV.ascended the throne. He reigned eighteen years, and in 954 A. D. he left the kingdom to Lothaire, his son. He was suc-ceeded by Louis V., called the Do-Nothing, because really his reign was so short that he could not have accom-plished much, were he even so wise,Šit was only a year. He was the last of the Carlovingian kings, the direct pos-terity of Pepin, and of Charles the Great." "Charles the Great and Charlemagne were the same, weren't they,-I believe?" asked Max Smith. "Yes, the very same. Now, Hugh Capet, son of Hugh the Great, was made king by the nobles; and so you see that in less than two hundred years from the time when the great Charlemagne was placed in his tomb, the kingdom for which he fought so many battles and over which he reigned in such glory, had gone into stronger hands." "Don't you think it would have been better for France if the descendants of Char-lemagne had contin-ued to reign?" asked Rob Billings. "If they had been capable as their illus-trious ancestor, yes; but theywere not, so it was no doubt better to have a change. You see the nobles had al-most unlimited power over those under them, and history says that the name of `king' was almost a mockery." "How came the nobles to have so much power ? " asked Joe Palmeter. "I will try and explain how, Joseph, or rather, I will tell you about the Feudal System, then you can under-stand it. "When a chief went to war, in very early times and was victorious, he used to give his principal men a cer-tain share of the conquered territory, if they would promise to fight for him and work for his interests. This was called 'owning allegiance,' while the chief was called their liege lord and they his vassals. Then after a while these vassals themselves would do the same thing, and subdivide the land, among others, called 'freeholders,' and these freeholders had also others under them, called serfs, who were the very lowest class. So there were:Š "First, the king; second. the nobles; next, the free-holders: and lastly, the serfs." 