AMERICAN SENTINEL. 537 TOM: But, Joe, we're not the only ones This will not suit a bit; Will Robert Ingersoll go in And be a hypocrite? Then, there are Jews who keep their day And Baptist seventh dayers; Will they have Saturday laws as well To keep down all ball-players? What's fair for one is fair for all; Let the Sunday folks be pious; Why should they take the shears of law To cut love on the bias? Let them have if they must a Sunday law That'll keep them on their knees; But let Infidels and Israelites And other folks do as they please. Why shouldn't they? Alexander Campbell on the Office of the Civil Magistrate. Written to the Washington, Pa., "Reporter," April, 182g. MR. EDITORŠ Sir: I proceed to offer a few remarks on the office of the civil magistrate. This is an office of great antiquity and of great importance to tne prosperity of society. All those persons in every State, who are appointed to execute the laws of the State are, in our language, called civil magistrates. Emperors, kings, presidents, and gov-ernors have been called the chief magistrate of the States over which they severally presided; justices of the peace and judges of courts have also received the name of mag-istrate. In all countries they are, or should be, men of excellent character, and fathers of the people. In a word they are, or should be, men selected and authorized by the people, to execute the laws under which they wish to be governed. The preservation of public tranquility, of life, liberty, reputation, and property, are the great pur-poses which originated this office. The civil magistrate is a State officer, and as such obliged to take into consid-eration the interests of the State, as far as this can be promoted by the most faithful execution of the laws com-mitted to him. In every State the powers of the magistrate should be, and commonly are, prescribed and limited in the com-mission which he receives, or the laws which institute the office. The corruption of men renders the existence of this office necessary, and consequently should define the duties of it. Civil government and the church are institutions in-tended for the good of mankind; the one to promote his temporal, the other his eternal, good. The one to min-ister to his fleshly comforts, the other to advance his spiritual interests. They both emanate from the same fountain of authority (Rom. 13:1), and were dictated from the same principles of philanthropy. They are, however, as distinct as soul and body, and should be  considered as distinct in their nature, properties, and operations. The office of the civil magistrate has existed in all countries, with and without an established reli-gion. Savage nations, Mohammedans, pagans, and Christians have their civil magistrates, and, among all such, the office is a divine ordinance. Where there is, and where there is not, a church, the ordinance is the same. In Rome the constituted governor and magis-tracy, though heathen, and persecuting Christianity, was called, in Paul's time, even when a Nero and a Domitian sat on the throne, an ordinance of God, by that Spirit that can denominate nothing wrong. Yes, in the New Testament the heathen magistrates are called God's min-isters, and he that resisteth them is said not to resist man but God. Yes, the civil magistrate in all the nations upon the earth is appointed by God, "to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil" to his neighbor, and to be a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to them that do well. For this purpose he bears the sword of power, and is invested with authority. He is, in the same record which denom-inates him a minister of God to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil, prohibited from using his authority, which is always compulsory, in anything pertaining to spiritual concerns. For this purpose the sword of power is never to be unsheathed. It was once wielded for this purpose even in the presence of the Founder of Christian-ity; but it was returned to its scabbard, with these mem-orable and effective words: "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword"Šthat is, not to defend the State, but to support the church. He who is the Author of Christian faith, also said that if His kingdom were of a worldly nature, His servants would use violence in sup-port of His cause. But such was not its nature. My creed on this subject is the following, viz.: That, as the civil magistracy is in all nations alike the appoint-ment or ordinance of God, whether they are pagans Mohammedans, or Christians, it is never to be employed in support of any religion whatsoever; nor are civil rulers on any account whatsoever to use any of that authority which they have received for and from the State, in support of Christianity; nor ever directly or in-directly to use compulsion in anything pertaining to re-ligion; but they are to use all their authority in keeping good order in society, or in preserving the public peace, the life, liberty, reputation, and property of the citizens-of the State. Those who differ from me on this topic, I request to consider three things:- 1. That if the magistrate in the United States, for instance, proceed officially to support or defend the reli-gion of this country, the Turkish, Japanese, Spanish, Chinese, or any other magistrate has the same power and right (being equally a divine institution there as here to accomplish the moral government of the world> to defend and support the religion of their respective countries. 