108 A.MEIEnt smiNT9L-INTmr. VOL. 11, No. 14. cutors were given to understand that had the cases been tried before these judges at the first, the decision would have been against them. This is rather poor encouragement for the latter to undertake another case, in-asmuch as it would be as likely to come up before Justice Meredith as before anyone else. It seems strange that in such eases courts follow the " statute " instead of the law. It is a fundamental principle of English juris-prudence that government exists to by rights. These rights are not created by stat-ute but exist in the very nature of things. "This law of nature," says Blackstone, "being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is of course superior in obligation to any other. It is binding over all the globe, in all countries, and at all times. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to this, and such of them as are valid derive all their force, and all their authority, mediately or immediately, from this original." Had these Canadian justices followed the law as defined by Blackstone, they would not have sustained the conviction of the Advent-ist ministers,Šnot prosecuted for an offense against their fellowmen, but persecuted for conscience' sake; for following their own con-victions of duty in a matter that in no wise trenched upon the equal rights of others. REJOICING UNDER PERSECUTION. THE three Adventist ministers imprisoned at Catham, Ont., have not courted persecu-tion. They have consistently defended them-selves in the courts and have claimed their rights as men and as Christians; but, now that the decision has been rendered against them, and they are required to suffer impri-sonment for conscience' sake, they are enabled to rejoice even under persecution. On the eve of his imprisonment one of these men writes thus to a friend:Š Darrell, Ont., March 20, 1896. The sheriff has not as yet called to take us to jail. We are expecting him at any minute. My heart is filled with gratitude to God for the privilege I have of thus witnessing for the truth. My earnest prayer to God is that his name may be glorified and his truth advanced in the earth. I praise him for the assurance I have that he will be with me, that he will sustain me. The words of Christ by his apostle are precious to me: "If any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf;" and I praise God continually that I am accounted worthy to suffer for his precious name. The enemy of all righteousness may separate us from earthly friends, but they cannot separate us from that dearest of all friends that sticketh closer than a brother. Prison cells and bars may cut off all communication with the world, but they cannot cut off communica-tion with Him in whom I trust. The enemy may dis-tress, but he cannot contaminate ; he can cause agony, but not defilement. The thought that Christ has fought the battle and conquered for me, fills me with courage. With that still, small voice saying, " I'll be with you," I gladly accept the cross knowing that this light affliction which is.but for a moment work-eth for me a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. Your brother in Christ. There is in this nothing of fanaticism: it is simply the expression of a firm reliance upon God. "All things work together for good to them that love God " (Rom. 8: 28); and in the sermon on the mount, the Saviour. said: " Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Re-joice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven; for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." Matt. 5: 11, 12. We are sorry that Ontario imprisons such  men, but since they are called upon to thus endure hardness, we are glad that they can do it as good soldiers of Jesus Christ. 2 Tim. 2: 3. WHAT " CHRISTIANITY " IT is often asserted, in defense of Sunday " laws," that in this country Christianity is a part of the common law. What Christianity? let us ask. Is it that Christianity which says that he who hates his brother without a cause is guilty of murder, and that the lustful look is adultery? Matt. 5 : 21, 22, 27, 28. Are these precepts a part of the common law? Is it that Christianity which commands us to love our enemies and forgive them as often as they injure us? Are these common law pre-cepts? Is it that Christianity which directs us to love God supremely, and our neighbors as ourselves? Can we be haled before the courts of common law for failure to do either of these things? Is this the Christianity that is a " part of the common law " ? If not, what Christianity is it? If it be not this Christianity, it is not Christ's Christianity; and if it be not Christ's Christianity, it is not Christianity at all, but a counterfeit and a fraud. Christianity is not a part of the common law of this land, nor of any other land in this fallen earth. Nor is it a part of any human law whatever. It is as far above human law as God is above man. Only a low and alto-gether earthly conception of Christianity could think of it as on a level with the " common law." And this is the conception of it from which Sunday " laws" derive their force. Christianity is " the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus," which sets the sinner free from the " law of sin and death." Rom. 8: 2. As well might legislators claim to have at their command all the agencies of divinity by which Christianity operates, as to claim that it is a part of the common law of the land. TOLERATION VS. RIGHTS. IN-  1827, Lord Stanhope, speaking in the British House of Lords, said: " The time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon; it is now demanded as a right; but the time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." The time thus predicted has come, not only in England but in all English speaking coun-tries, to the more powerful sects of dissenters, but even in England and her dependencies there exists to-day only toleration for the weaker sects. According to the " Encyclopaedic Diction-ary," toleration is " the act of tolerating or enduring; allowance of something not fully approved." This is exactly the status of the Seventh-day Adventists in Canada to-day,Šthey are simply tolerated under certain re-strictions. By the Toleration Act of William and Mary (1689), freedom of worship was permit-ted to Protestant dissenters from the Church of England, provided they made a declaration against transubstantiation, and took the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. This act has been amended from time to time until now all dissenters, including Roman Catholics and Jews, enjoy all the privileges of the constitu-tion, except Sabbatarian Christians, who are denied rights freely enjoyed by Jews, simply because they are few in number. Religious toleration in the Dominion, as in  some of the States, nominally guarantees to all sects equal rights, but with this proviso, that they observe the " sabbath" or " Lord's day " of the dominant sects. This corres-ponds very closely with the conditions of the original English Toleration Act, which, as before stated, required a declaration against transubstantiation, etc. Much credit is due Anglican influence for the measure of religious liberty enjoyed, not only in England and America, but through-out the world to-day. But not all foretold by Lord Stanhope has yet been realized even in the most favored lands. To-day too many mistake toleration for liberty; but it is in reality a denial of it, for the power that as-sumes to tolerate thereby asserts the right to restrict or even to prohibit. Therefore toler-ation is opposed to the free exercise of natural, God-given rights. A MEMBER OF THE DOMINION PARLIAMENT ON THE RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE. THE question of Sunday laws and the rights of conscience is not an entirely new one in Canada. For several years past an effort has been made at each session of Parliament to secure the enactment of a Sunday law for the Do-minion; but so far these efforts have been successfully resisted on the ground that such legislation trenches upon the rights of con-science. As the principle of Sunday legislation is the same whether the law be Provincial or National, some of the arguments urged in Parliament against the enactment of a Sun-day law for the Dominion are equally applica-ble to the " Lord's day" act of Ottowa. In 1894, Mr. Charlton introduced into the Dominion Parliament a bill entitled, " An Act to Secure the Better Observance of the Lord's Day, Commonly called Sunday," and urged its passage upon the rather unusual ground that it was required for the protection - of the religious liberty of Sunday observers! In replying to this " argument," May 30, 1894, Hon. G. Amyott, member from Belle-chasse, P. Q., said :Š " The honorable gentleman [Mr. Charlton] says:Š " `The State Should Protect the Rights of Conscience.' " This is a very important principle. I want to know where the honorable gentleman wants to apply it. It is a very true principle applied generally, and I wish it were printed in the honorable gentleman's heart as well as in the hearts of all the people of the Domin-ion,Šthe State should protect the rights of conscience. . " We are not alone in this Dominion. There are not only Protestants and Catholics in this country; there are some other subjects of Her Majesty; the honorable gentleman knows it. There are some Jews. In Eng-land, in France, in Germany, in all the civilized nations of the world, they are a re-spected set of individuals. They have con-sciences, too; and though not believing in their faith, I am not ashamed to show their way of thinking. They rely upon the Bible, upon the Old Testament, and what do they find there ? They find the words of God himself. The honorable mover of the bill himself believes that what I will read there is the word of God. Take GenesisŠsome hon-orable gentlemen laugh, but perhaps it will do them good to hear again what they learned 