THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 301 the people grew louder, and their indig-nation more fierce. They demanded that the barbarous jailer should be brought to justice. The magistrate posted up on the church door a promise that he should be brought to trial, but here the " Rev." John Norton stepped forth declaring: " Bread endeavored to beat our gospel ordinances black and blue; if he then be beaten black and blue, it is but just upon him, and I will appear in his behalf that did so." He rebuked the magistrates for their faintness of heart, and commanded them to take down the notice from the church door. They obeyed, and the cruel jailer was not only justified, but was com-manded to whip the Quakers who were yet in prison " twice a week if they re-fused to'work, and the first time to add five stripes to the former ten, and each time to add three to them." The other prisoners now presented a petition to the court praying to be re-leased. Their petition was dated, " From the House of Bondage in Boston, wherein we are made captives by the wills of men, although made free by the Son (John 8: 36), in which we quietly rest, this six-teenth of the fifth month, 1658." They were brought into court for examination. They made so strong a defense that there appeared some prospect of their acquittal; but the preachers rallied in force. The " Rev." Charles Chauncy, in " the Thurs-day lecture," preached as follows :Š Suppose you should catch six wolves in a trap [theril. were six Salem Quakers], . . . and ye can not prove that they killed either sheep or lambs: and now ye have them, they will neither bark nor bite; yet they have the plain mark of wolves. Now I leave it to your consideration whether ye will let them go alive; yea or nay? By their diligence the preachers not only prevented any acquittal, but suc-ceeded through Ł the law of 1658 in inflict-ing capital punishment upon all the Qua-kers who remained or who returned after sentence of banishment. Sunday and the World's Fair. THERE is strong evidence of a con-stantly growing reaction throughout the country against the wave of extreme sab-batarianism which resulted in a congres-sional provision that the World's Colum-bian Exposition should be closed on Sun-day. A notable instance of breadth of view in this particular is furnished by the recent action of the New York State Board of Women managers of the World's Fair. This board, with the good sense and liberal minds that were to be looked for, enthusiastically adopted resolutions recommending that the'great Exposition be opened on Sunday, thus enabling the peo-ple of all nations to profit on that day by the unparalleled educational and gen-erally elevating facilities which it will offer. We are, perhaps, not strictly accurate in terming this action of the New York women a symptom of "reaction." More strictly speaking, it is but one of many evidences that the great mass of the peo-ple of the country, instead of changing their opinions, are merely awakening to the fact that by their early indifference a relatively small body of well meaning persons were enabled to force upon the citizens of the United States, and of other countries as well, a piece of religious leg-islation of a paternal, sectarian order, by no means in keeping with the idea that a  man should be permitted to observe the Sabbath as his own conscience dictated, and not as others directed. It is to be hoped that the next session of Congress will repeal the Sunday closing provision referred to, and leave attend-ance or non-attendance at the World's Fair on the Lord's day to be decided by the individual for himself. Those who consider it a sinful desecration to be en-lightened and educated on that day should stay away by all means. Those who do not should not be forced to accept the in-tolerant views of the sabbatarians.--Boston Herald. Cruelty in Clerical Dress. To the person who imagines that the spirit of religious persecution no longer survives in this country, we submit the following conversation which recently passed, in substance, between Rev. McLean, Secretary of the Chicago Branch of the American Sabbath Union, and A. F. Ballenger, Secretary of the National Religious Lierty Association :Š Mr. McLean.ŠThe Seventh-day Adventists are under the protection of the other churches, and yet they oppose us in securing Sunday laws. Mr. Ballenger.ŠUnder the protection of the churches ? Yes, in Henry County, Tenn., they are protected by some of the churches, but the pro-tection consists in working them as criminals on the streets in the chain gang. Mr. MŠThey have violated a law of the State. Mr. B.ŠThe law is wrong. Mr. M.ŠChristians should obey the laws. Mr. B.ŠDaniel disobeyed the law forbidding him to pray ; the three Hebrews disobeyed the law requiring them to bow down to the image in the plains of Dura. Would you consider the law just that would compel you to rest the seventh day of the week and thus allow you but five days in which to labor in support of your family Mr. M.ŠNo, I would not regard such a law as just but would secure its repeal. Mr. B.ŠThat is just what Seventh-day 'Advent-ists are trying to do, and you and your Association are doing all you can to prevent them from ac-complishing it. Mr. M.ŠYes we are, and will continue to oppose them. Mr. B.ŠThen you are opposed to repealing laws in Tennessee which put Christian men in the chain gang and work them on the streets with common criminals for working on their farms on Sunday? Mr. M.ŠYes sir, we are. Mr. B.ŠI am glad I called. I will use your statement. (Starts to leave the office.) Mr. M.Š(Angrily) Come back! I will make it stronger ! I will "rub it in "! But he was too angry to command words with which to make it stronger, and the conversation ended. Ł "0, Consistency, Thou Art a Jewell" THE utter inconsistency of a union of religion and the State has just received a very forcible illustration. The Supreme Court of the United States, in its al-ready famous decision of the 29th of last February, embodied as a part of that de-cision the following words from Chancel-lor Kent, of New York, the " famous commentator on American law :"Š The people of the State . . . profess the gen-eral doctrines of Christianity as the rule of their faith and practice; and to scandalize the author of these doctrines is not only, in a religious point of view, extremely impious, but even in respect to obligations due to society, it is a gross violation of decency and good order. . . . The free, equal, and undisturbed enjoyment of religious opinion, whatever it may be, and free and equal discussions on any religious subjects, is granted and secured; but to revile with malicious, blasphemous con-tempt, the religion professed by almost the whole community, is an abuse of that right. Nor are we bound by any expression of the Constitution, as some have strangely supposed, either not to punish  at all, or to punish indiscriminately, the like at-tacks upon the religion of Mahomet or the Grand Lama; and for this plain reason, that the case assumes that we are a Christian people, and the morality of this country is deeply engrafted upon Christianity, and not upon the doctrines or worship of these impostors. In thus speaking the Supreme Court declares that Christianity (the religion of Jesus Christ) is the true, or orthodox re-ligion, and that all others are impostures; for these two false religions that are named must be considered as representing all false religions as distinguished from Christianity. But further, the Court also gives fair warning that if the worshipers of any of these systems shall be attacked because of their faith, they are not en-titled to protection, for their religion is an imposture. Now it so happened that, not far from the time that our Christian (?) Nation was thus declaring through its highest judicial authority that Mahometanism was heretical and not entitled to protec-tion, some zealous Mahometans became imbued with the very same sentiment con-cerning Christianity. In Turkey the Church and the State are united, and Mahometanism is the na-tional religion, just as Christianity has been declared to be the religion of our Nation, and " to scandalize the author of these doctrines (their prophet, Mahomet), is not only, in a religious point of view, extremely impious, but even in respect to obligations due society, it is a gross vio-lation of decency and good order." Yet Christian missionaries from the United States of America are there, telling those worshipers of Mahomet that they have been deceived, that Mahomet was no prophet but only a pretender, and, in short, scandalizing the author of their re-ligion. We believe that these statements are true, in fact, and recognize Mahomet only as a false prophet; but it does not look that way to his followers, but must appear as a reviling " with malicious, blasphemous contempt, the religion pro-fessed by almost the whole commu-nity." So it was perfectly natural, and per-fectly legal also, for them to arise in right-eous indignation and suppress this "gross violation of decency and good order." This they proceeded to do, and they went at it in a very energetic manner; that is, they plundered and burned the houses and schools of the missionaries, and grossly assaulted the persons of the missionaries themselves. The poor missionaries appealed to the Turkish Government for protection. But they were met with the indifference that comes from the idea that we are not bound by any expression of the Constitution, as some have strangely supposed, to punish indiscriminately the like attacks upon the religion of Jesus Christ or the Grand Lama; and for this plain reason, that the case assumes that we are a Mahometan people, and the morality of the country is deeply engrafted upon Mahometanism and not upon the doctrines of these impostors. Of course the missionaries next appealed to the United States for a redress of their grievances; and our Christian (?) Govern-ment is now demanding an indemnity for these outrages. This demand will probably be acceded to, because the United States is a power-ful nation and Turkey is very weak. But there is no justice in such a demand by our Government, for the Turks were only doing what our Supreme Court had just declared to be proper and right. Nor 