AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1331 The Papacy Asking State Aid. IN no wise abashed by the rising sentiment against state aid to sectarianism, as seen in the attitude of Prot-estant churches and in decisions of the courts, the papal authorities in this country continue to ask for Govern-ment aid for their sectarian schools. The latest instance of this of which we have notice is a plea made by Archbishop Ryan, before a committee of U. S. Senators, on February 3 last. It has been the policy of the Government to gradually reduce the cus-tomary appropriations for these schools, and the arch-bishop asked that no further reduction be made in the amount appropriated for 1898. He presented a number of arguments in support of his plea; but not one of them was based upon any prin-ciple of justice or free government. Of course, no such principle will support an argument of that nature. His arguments were based on policy purely, and from the standpoint of policy they were somewhat plausible. But in government, as in other matters, "honesty is the best policy," always. Let the Government be honest with the people's money. The archbishop touched at some lengthupon the sub-ject of sectarianism, and his remarks upon this topic are interesting, if not convincing. "This word sectarianism, gentlemen," he said, "is the most thoroughly misunderstood, and at present perhaps the most mischievous word in the English language. Properly speaking, sectarianism is the religion of sects, that is, of bodies cut awayŠas the term impliesŠfrom the original church. Unsectarian religion is the religion of that original church. But this is not the meaning popularly attached to it. Webster defines as sectarian `one of a party in religion which has separated itself from an established church or which holds tenets different from those of the prevailing denomination.' Now as we have no established church, for union of church and state in our circumstances is out of the question, and there is a dispute as to which is the 'prevailing denomination,' a `sectarian' is not easy to find. For a man to preach un sectarianism it is supposed that he must avoid all doc-trines in which he may disagree with any one of his audi-ence. Now as every doctrine of Christians has been denied by some one, unsectarian preaching is simply impossible when the audience is representative of all shades of reli-gious opinion. What is called unsectarian teaching is attempted in some of our public institutions by what are known as `moral instructors,' but it is sometimes the most sectarian of all teaching, as it represents simply the peculiar religious views not of a body, but of the individ-ual who teaches." "One can therefore easily see that what is so-called unsectarian religion is logically impossible; and even if it existed, could not practically affect individual moral-ity." As regards the logical impossibility of unsectarian  religious teaching, the archbishop's remarks are sound.. There is simply no religious body in the world to-day which must not, from the human standpoint, be regarded* as a sect. And this being so, the archbishop's definition of sectarianism is of no practical value. As the Memo-rial of the Baptists and Quakers to the legislature or Virginia, truthfully said, "It is . . . impossible for the-civil magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects professing the Christian faith, with-out erecting a claim to infallibility." It remains for God' to reveal to the individual, by his Word and the Holy Spirit, what is the true religion,Šthe religion of the-"original church." But as regards the appropriation of public money, it. is not necessary to consider which is the original church and which of the religious bodies are sects; for it ,is not,  the province of civil government to give public funds to the original church any more than to a sectarian body. The principle upon which this fact rests is simply that it is not justice for the civil government to favor one party or class of the people at the expense of another class-. This is a Government "of the people, by the people, and for the people," and under it all classes must be treated alike. The believer must not be favored at the expense of the unbeliever. The latter must not be forced to con-tribute to the support of any religion, whether sectarian or otherwise. A characteristic papal argument was presented by the archbishop in the following:Š "Gentlemen, we do not ask money from you to teachŁ  our religion, but to impart secular education, the value-of which you can test by your own inspectors, as is done-in Protestant England. If, in addition to this secular learning, -we by the influence of religion make these Indian children purer and better now and more obedient to au-thority when they become men, will you reject our serv-ices simply because we teach the religion that has civilized the world?" The chief quality of this paragraph is assumption..  What religion is it that has "civilized the world"? Is it the Roman Catholic religion? or is it the Protestant reli-gion? or the Jewish religion? Or has any religion done it? These are questions which cannot be settled by the word of an archbishop; nor is it the business of any committee of Congress to consider them. Congress has-no more right to base an appropriation of public money,  upon the assumption that the papal religion has civilized-the world, than it has to throw the people's money into-the sea. Congress has no business whatever to pro-nounce, either directly or indirectly, upon a religious. question. Will the papal religion, also, make the Indian children'  "purer and better" than they would be without it? This also is pure assumption, and one which many other peo-ple, both religious and otherwise, would deny. And that, as the archbishop stated, the papacy does not ask for state money to teach religion, but to impart secular edu-cation, is a piece of very thin sophistry. These Catholic- 