144 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MAY, 1,1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. A NEW.  ORLEANS paper states that the Mayor of that city regards the Louisiana Sunday law as objectionable, and :a hard-ship upon poor people. Ie .favors its strict enforcement, however, as -the 'best means for -securing its repeal. CHINA ought to be the ideal National Reform country. A Chinese mandarin can order a man's head to be cut off at any moment. But within three months he must forward to the Emperor an affidavit, from two persOns &Mating that the execution was in the interest of ,religion and morals. He has no difficulty in get-ing such affidavits, as he can cut; off JIM heads of any who refuse to make them. REV. DR. HOWARD CROSBY has recently published a ,volume, of lectures" on the book of Revelation, in which he says that the spiritual ruin noticeable in so many -countries where. Christianity was once the prevailing creed, or where a nominal adherence to it is still the rule of the majority, is due tor the admission of the world into the dhurch----" of,  joining the Church, to the State:;` of forthing liances and friendships.With the world; of compromising and thus letting down the standard of- holiness and separation be-tween Christ and Belial." BY means of a " decoy " letter the Voice obtained an interview with the manager of last year's anti-Prohibition campaign in Pennsylvania; and in the interview it got a great host of matter- that with great de-light it published to the world. In the interview certain prominent and responsi-ble men of Philadelphia were named, and certain things were said about them; but these men unanimously declare the state-ments to 'be without a particle of founda-tion in fact. Now the question presents itself, Who was it that was decoyed, the VoiCe or-the other man ? The Voice con-fessedly worked a deceitful trick to obtain information. How does the Voice know but what the other party did the same in giving the information ? We confess that on reading the Voice's account, there was a certain air of open innocence amounting almost to verdancy, which is very seldom found amongst men of such : political experience ;the gentleman who was in-terviewed: It is ,certain that names Were  given, and statements were made, with such an air of recklessness as to cast doubt upon the whole thing by reason of its very extravagance. Taking== the whole case as it stands, so far, we cannot help wondering whether the Voice's decoy did not partake some-what of the character of a boomerang. And the question is, Who was it that was decoyed? IN an, article entitled, " Thoughts on Conscience," in Word, and Work, Rev. E. Bailey says :Š A conscience illuminated and instructed by the word of God ig free from condemnation, and is strong to bear the reproaches of men and the accusa- tions of Satan. . . Such a conscience is above the laws of men, and is not amenable to earthly tribunals. No civil power can have any control over the conscience. . . . In secular things we are to submit to every ordi-nance of man for the Lord's sake, but in all-relig-ious things we are left to God and our conscience. This is true, and it does not alter the case a particle to call civil that which is religious. Spedial: To all to whom the SENTINEL comes we wish -to say this word. The SENTINEL is invariably discontinued at the expiration of the time, for which it is paid, unless it be requested to be continued. Many of the friends of the SENTINEL send copies to their friends. Sometimes those to whom it is sent do not want it, and write to us to discontinue it; but we are helpless in the matter for we do not send it. Then when those persons find it is not stopped. they send another order sharply reproving us for not stopping,their paper; whereas we not only do not send it but we do not know who does send it. Sometimes friends of the SENTINEL order from this office copies sent to individuals. In such cases when we receive, word to stop"_ sending it we can comply, and we invariably do comply promptly. No paper is ever sent to Any person from this office after that person has notified us that he does not want the paper. Therefore, dear friends,_if the SENTINEL continues to come to you after you have asked us-to stop sending it, you may know that we do not send it, do not know who does, and therefore cannot stop it, and that it: is useless to write to us a second time on the subject. Ł Also it is well to bear in mind that, al: though the SENTINEL, may come to you without your having subscribed for it, you will never be asked to paY anything for it. We do not send any SENTINELS anywhere except those which are paid: Tor.' If you have not subscribed and yet receive. the paper, you will understand that some-body is either sending it to you himself, or has sent money to us to pay for, sending it to you. THE best method of opposing error is by the advocacy,of truth. THE Kansas Worker, the organ of the Kansas Tract Society, says: "A true advo-cate of temperance will want the saloons closed every day in the week, and a law to that end can be enforced as well as a law that only closes them on Sunday. Such a law, instead of being in the interest of temperance, is in the interest of Sunday." The Worker tells the truth, as all re-ligious papers should. Of course all pa-pers, and all persons, too, ought to tell the truth; and we wish they would. THE first item in the editorial columns of the Christian Statesman for April 17, tells us that "Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts has resigned his position as Publishing Secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union, which he found would confine him to New York and vicinity, in order to be free to make a transcontinental trip, in the interest of Sabbath reform. . . . In the autumn, he expects to return to the pas-torate." Thus we are quietly told that the Sun-day Union, as represented in the person of Mr. Crafts, expects to die in the au-tumn. Is this latest off-shoot of the Na-tional Reform Association to be uprooted in its early youth ? Possibly the Sunday Union has become irrevocably wedded to the civil Sabbath, and the parent organi-zation has decided that it is wiser to await the slower but surer appeal to relig-ious prejudice. At the late convention in Washington, it was decided to eliminate the term " civil " Sabbath from the Na-tional Reform vocabulary. Perhaps, as its occupation is gone, the organization which was the exponent of the idea con-tained in that expression, is to go with it. Ł 4. Ł  BOUND volumes of the Pacific Health Journal for 1888 and 1889, published at Oakland, California, have found their way to our table and are most welcome visitors. These volumes are neatly and substantially bound in half roan, and pre-sent a very neat appearance. But it is the contents of the volumes which make them valuable. They abound in useful informa-tion and practical every-day hints which cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to every one who cares to profit by them. The volumes are well worth the price at which they sell. They may be ordered together, or singly, from the Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. Price, post-paid, $2.25 per volume. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGFIT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO -the defense of ' American InstitUtions, the preserva- tion of the United States Gonstitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and. tlie Maintenance of human -rieitseboth civil and religious. It will ever be uncoMprotalsingly opposfd to anything tending towards a union of Ohurch and State, either in name or in fact. .SINGLEI.SINGLECOPY, EAR,  POST-PAID, . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or rnpril.colne§, per year T , ,  To foreign countries, single subscriptiOn,Vpst-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN -§OlftNEL, Ł 43 BOND "STUNT, NEW YORK. 