" Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME 8, NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 28, 1893. NUMBER 38. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 48 Bonn STREET, NEW you. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. - CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE. EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC REE. THE primary object of the Sabbath is not physical rest, but spiritual worship. Says the Lord : " I gave them my Sab-baths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." JUST as days are by men set apart to keep in memory important events, so the Sab-bath was set apart by the Lord to keep in the minds of his people the fact that he was their Creator. And since the fall, the fact that God is the Creator is the assurance of his power to redeem; hence the Sabbath is a sign of God, both as the Creator and Saviour. IN the struggle for existence, man for-gets that his chief end is, not to perpetuate his life in this world, but "to glorify God and enjoy him forever." It is for this reason that the words of our Saviour, "The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath," are so often wrested from their true meaning. The idea is not that the Sabbath was designed primarily, or that it is now, to minister first to man's physical necessities, but that it is for man's highest good; not as a burden to be borne, but as a friend to elevate and en-noble men by bringing them to a true knowledge of the true God. THIS view of the Sabbath is not peculiar to those who observe the day enjoined in the fourth commandment. Many Sunday-keepers also see in the weekly rest, not a day of physical relaxation merely, but above and beyond all, a day of spiritual worship. On this point, the Political Dis-senter, a Reformed Presbyterian paper, replying to something which appeared in another religious paper, says :Š You define the Sabbath as " a rest " in the sense of a mere cessation from work. You say that " many Christian clergymen and other Christians who welt hard ova Sunday observe their Sabbath  on Monday." But might not a Christian clergyman find his needed bodily and mental rest on Monday in fishing, hunting, or playing tennis ? Would that " rest " be in harmony with the divine institu-tion of the Sabbath ? Does not that institution necessarily include the idea of "rest" in a higher senseŠspiritual rest in the worship of God ? Even the hardest worked clergymen and their most la-borious helpers in Sabbath-school and mission work, enjoy the true rest of the Sabbath in exer-cises of divine worship. No day for mere bodily recreation could be to them the institution of the Sabbath of the Lord their God.  Ł WHAT the Dissenter says is most em-phatically true of the Sabbath, but is not true of Sunday. That has spiritual sig-nificance only as it is in imagination clothed with the character of the Sabbath. Sunday does not commemorate creation, nor is it a sign of God as the Sanctifier of his people. It is not the ancient Sabbath, nor is it the same institution transferred to another day. It has nothing in com-mon with the Sabbath, except its weekly recurrence, and that the idea of rest has been associated with it. SUNDAY is not observed for the reason assigned in the Sabbath commandment. To read Sunday into the fourth command-ment is to read into it a falsehood; for God. did not make the world in six days and rest on Sunday, neither did he for this reason hallow Sunday. But, " in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Not one word of this applies to Sunday, the first day, therefore Sunday is not the Lord's rest day; for the Lord did not rest upon it, neither did he bless nor hallow it; neither has he ever commanded it to be kept holy; and how could it be so kept since it was never made so ? AND because Sunday, the day falsely called "the Christian Sabbath," does not commemorate God's rest, because it is not enjoined by the fourth commandment, and because it has no reference to the finished creation, it is observed for entirely differ-ent reasons from the Sabbath, and is nec-essarily an entirely different institution. As well might the Mohammedan claim that Friday is the Sabbath of the Lord, merely transferred to the sixth day, as for the Christian tc,  make that.  claim for Sunday.  Changing the day necessarily changes both the reason for observing it and the institution itself. And so we have in Sun-day an institution commemorating, not creation and God's rest at its close, but an institution professedly commemorating the resurrection of Christ, and standing in op-position to the Sabbath of the Lord. LET us illustrate this matter. Suppose that the Irish Catholics should become sufficiently numerous in this country to substitute the observance of the seven-teenth day of March for the fourth of July, and celebrate it in the same man-ner but for a different reason. Could St. Patrick's day ever become Independence day ? and could the law making the fourth day of July a legal holiday ever be ap-plied, without change, to the seventeenth day of March ? Certainly not; and no more can Sunday ever become the Sabbath of the Lord, enjoined by the fourth com-mandment of the Decalogue, a law which specifically points out the seventh day and requires its observance for reasons that novel. by any possibility can be true of any other day. For it always must be true that God rested on the seventh day, while it never can be true that he rested on the first day. THE idea that the Sabbath is one thing and that the day upon which it is observed is quite another thing, has no foundation in the Scriptures. Turning to Gen. 2: 3 we read: " And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Nothing is said about blessing and sanctifying an institu-tion; the blessing attaches to the definite day; with this conclusion agrees also the fourth commandment: " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates. For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Here we are plainly told that " the seven ith day is 