THE A_1141ERICAN SENTINEL. 189 against murder, adultery, and theft ? Why ? 59. Can civil government compel a per-son to love his neighbor as himself ? 60. Can it, then, legislate on the subject matter of the last six commandments as such ? 61. Can it rightfully legislate at all on the first four commandments ? Are the duties therein prescribed duties to man or to God ? 62. Does civil government rightfully legislate against certain crimes because they are offenses against some of the last six commandments, or because they are a violation of natural rights ? 63. Does it thus legislate because of those commandments, or to protect its subjects and preserve itself ? 64. Can it, then, presume to legislate for God, in matters which do not concern its own preservation ? 65. How positively is this distinction betWeen man's duties to God and those due to civil government expressed by Christ ? Matt. 22: 21. 66. Is there any other distinction or principle that precisely marks off both the individual rights of conscience, and the rights and duties of civil government ? 67. Does our national Constitution and the Declaration of Independence recognize these principles of the civil and religious rights of man ? 68. By whom will these rights be en-dangered, if ever ? By the atheist ? By the true Christian ? 69. Can any notions of public morality or enlightened civilization justify civil legislation on the subject matter of the first four commandments of the Deca-logue ? 70. Have our national or State govern-ments ever invaded this sacred ground ? How ? 71. Is the tendency to withdraw from it, or to encroach still further ? 72. What is the duty of every true American ? FRANK WILLIAM HOWE. University of Michigan. No Religion Not Sectarian. THE Christian Union published the question, " Can the State furnish adequate education without teaching religion ? " and solicited answers to it. Several an-swers were given, one of the best of which is as follows :Š " This whole article is based, it seems to me, on an erroneous view as to the proper functions of government, especially in our own country. It is the business of the government of a republic, as distinguished from that of a monarchial or paternal government, to govern as little as possible and to leave the individual citizen to de-velop himself. The object of State educa-tion, therefore, is to give a man mental tools sufficient to prevent his becoming a burden on the State. What is most neces- sary for this end ? That the State should furnish, at the lowest cost to the taxpayer, these tools. They should be thoroughly good, but no more. What is next neces-sary ? That the State should establish trade schools where mechanical trades may be learned and the American be no longer deprived of his birthright at the dictation of trades-unions of foreigners. These schools might be in part self-sup-porting. . . "Can the State educate men in honesty, truthfulness, and purity, in short in relig-ious teachingsŠwhich is what your ques-tion meansŠwithout becoming sectarian ? It can not. There is no such thing as pure religion in distinction from sectari-anism. The pure religion of one body of believers is sectarianism to another. Does any one imagine, for instance, that six each of the most learned Protestants, Ro-manists, and Jews could draw up a code which all should unite in recommending for use in public schools, or that the be-liefs of one of these bodies would not be denounced as sectarian to the others ?" *  Abusive Christianity. MAJOR GEO. C. CONNOR, of Chatta-nooga, Tennessee, addressed a letter to the Daily Times, of that city in reply to Evan-gelist Sam Jones's intolerant abuse of all who do not believe and practice as he teaches that they should. The Major's letter is such a manly rebuke to intoler-ance of every kind that we give a few par-agraphs from it :Š Suppose I should deny some of the dogmas, am I to be denounced as contemptible ? What right has a preacher to say on the public rostrum that he has " only contempt for such ?" Is such language gentlemanly, befitting the lips of an " ambassador of heaven," worthy of being recorded as the plead-ings of a friend ? Is it not pure partisanship, gen-uine impudence ? Does not the fellow who insults his equals take advantage of his opportunities, and degrade the liberty of the rostrum to the license of a pot-house ? The reign of " Abusive Christianity " has been most disgusting. It has attracted the crowd, which always enjoys the humiliation of its kind. It has loosened the mouths of coarse men, who falsely de-clare that they " are called of God " to indulge filth of speech. It has turned our holy Christianity into buffoonery, and put it on a par with the circus and the variety show ! Such degradation of the pre-cious lessons and sweet teachings of Jesus of Naza-reth is the disgrace of this last decade of the nine-teenth century. I admit that I have a soul to save. I know that there is a God, and I know that he is my heavenly Father. I know that my heavenly Father is de-famed by those who, in order to frighten weak men and timid women into a " profession of re-ligion," make him a tyrant, a murderer, and an un-relenting punisher of men and women who do not accept the dogmas of these self-called declaimers. I am as capable as they of understanding the will of the Supreme, and I will go to the Judgment to answer for myself and not for another. I am glad to have the advice of friends in matters spiritual as I am in matters temporal, but I want denunciations in neither. No man has any more right to open his vile jaws and denounce me for my religious belief than he has to abuse me for my judgment in mak-ing an investment in land or stocks. By my fruits  I am willing to be judged, and not by my profes_ sions of " belief." Let my fellow-citizens look at my daily life, but let them not bother their anxie-ties about my beliefs. . . . I regret to say that " Abusive Christianity " has its counterpart in " Abusive Infidelity." I know that there are non-believers who talk about Chris-tians in the same vile language as Sam Jones talks about " sinners." It is a burning shame that this is so. . . . I have no patience to listen to men who speak bitterly of those who hold differing opinions of religion and moral duty. I turn away from all who take delight in the humiliating of the professors of Christianity. This reprehensible hatred of Christianity-prompts men to assail the Bible, and challenge proofs of its authenticity. There is only partizanship in such de-nunciation. Those who believe the Scriptures are so entitled, and must be protected in so doing; those who refuse to believe have equal rights. It is not proof of activity of brain or of purity of morals to enjoy boisterously all reflections upon Christians or Christianity. To my mind, joy at the sorrows of others is absolute proof of a very bad heart. The Disciples differed, and were rebuked by the Master for their bigotry. The early Christians dif-fered, and a council had to be called in Paul's day 'to settle those differences. The Jewish dispensa-tion was set aside by reformers who took the name of Christians. But difference of opinion is toler-ated to-day only so far as the orthodox churches differ among themselves. This is unreasonable and un-American. Here we believe or disbelieve as we prefer, and none can nip with hot pincers, scorch with fagots or cast into dungeons. But " Abus-ive Christianity" has taken the place of the Inquis-ition and the flames of Smithfield. In the fear of God we enter this protest against all such ostracism and bigotry. This is good common sense and also good religion. We know nothing of the writer; he may be a Christian or he may not, but he certainly has a better under- standing of the, principle of Christianity than has any man who indulges in coarse and bitter denunciations of his fellow-men who differ from him in belief. THE very worst enemy that this demo-cratic form of Government can have is that of paternalism, and it matters not as to what form it may take, the principle is destructive of the natural rights of man, under government, because instead of government becoming simply the pre-server of the liberties of the people, it assumes the prerogative of dictating to the people what rights they shall or shall not exercise, with regard to the govern-ment, thus placing a difference between the government and the people, in so far as that instead of the people being the guardians of the government the govern-ment evolutes into an entity separate from the people and becomes the guardian and protector of the people. Instead of the government deriving its powers from the consent of the governed, these powers are taken from the governed and become part of the government itself and held separate and distinct from the people. This, of course, is the foundation of every mon-archial government in Europe, to-day, as well as of those of all antiquity.ŠSouthern Sentinel, Dallas, Texas. 