122 IVIIE_ILLICAIW VoL. 9, No. 16. to understand. Men are closing their eyes to the real character of Romanism, and the dangers to be apprehended from her supremacy. The people need to be aroused to resist the advances of this most dangerous foe to civil and religious liberty. Many Protestants suppose that the Cath-olic religion is unattractive, and that its worship is a dull, meaningless round of ceremony. Here they mistake. While Romanism is based upon deception, it is not a coarse and clumsy imposture. The religious service of the Romish Church is a most impressive ceremonial. Its gor-geous display and solemn rites fascinate the senses of the people, and silence the voice of reason and. of conscience. The eye is charmed. Magnificent churches, imposing processions, golden altars, jew-eled shrines, choice paintings, and exquis-ite sculpture appeal to the love of beauty. The ear also is captivated. The music is unsurpassed. The rich notes of the deep-toned organ, blending with the melody of many voices as it swells through the lofty domes and pillared aisles of her grand cathedrals, cannot fail to impress the mind with awe and reverence. This outward splendor, pomp, and cere-mony, that only mocks the longings of the sin-sick soul, is an evidence of inward corruption. The religion of Christ needs not such attractions to recommend it. In the light shining from the cross, true Christianity appears so pure and lovely that no external decorations can enhance its true worth. It is the beauty of holi-ness, a meek and quiet spirit, which is of value with God. Brilliancy of style is not necessarily an index of pure, elevated thought. High conceptions of art, delicate refinement of taste, often exist in minds that are earthly and sensual. They are often employed by Satan to lead men to forget the neces-sities of the soul, to lose sight of the future, immortal life, to turn away from their infinite Helper, and to live for this world alone. A religion of externals is attractive to the unrenewed heart. The pomp and ceremony of the Catholic worship have a seductive, bewitching power, by which nalny are deceived; and they come to look upon the Roman Church as the very gate of heaven. None but those who have planted their feet firmly upon the foun-dation of truth, and whose hearts are re-newed by the Spirit of God, are proof against her influence. Thousands who have not an experimental knowledge of Christ will be led to accept the forms of godliness without the power. Such a reli-gion is just what the multitudes desire. The Church's claim to the right to par-don, causes the Romanist to feel at liberty to sin; and the ordinance of confession; without which her pardon is not granted, tends also to give license to evil. He who kneels before fallen man, and opens in confession the secret thoughts and imagi-nations of his heart, is debasing his man-hood, and degrading every noble instinct of his soul. In unfolding the sins of his life to a priest,Šan erring, sinful mortal, and too often corrupted with wine and licentiousness,Šhis standard of character is lowered, and he is defiled in conse-quence. His thought of God is degraded to the likeness of fallen humanity; for the priest stands as a representative of God. This degrading confession of man to man is the secret spring from which has flowed much of the evil that is defiling  the world, and fitting it for the final destruction. Yet to him who loves self-indulgence, it is more pleasing to confess to a fellow-mortal than to open the soul to God. It is more palatable to human nature to do penance than to renounce sin; it is easier to mortify the flesh by sack-cloth and nettles and galling chains than to crucify fleshly lusts. Heavy is the yoke which the carnal heart is willing to bear rather than bow to the yoke of Christ. There is a striking similarity between the Church of Rome and the JeWish Church at the time of Christ's first advent. While the Jews secretly trampled upon every principle of the law of God, they were outwardly rigorous in the observ-ance of its precepts, loading it down with exactions and traditions that made obedi-ence painful and burdensome. As the Jews professed to revere the law, so do Romanists claim to reverence the cross. They exalt'the symbol of Christ's suffer-ings, while in their lives they deny him whom it represents. Papists place crosses upon their churches, upon their altars, and upon their gar-ments. Everywhere is seen the insignia of the cross. Everywhere it is outwardly honored and exalted. But the teachings of Christ are buried beneath a mass of senseless traditions, false interpretations, and rigorous exactions. The Saviour's words concerning the bigoted Jews, apply with still greater force to the Romish leaders : " They bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers." Conscientious souls are kept in constant terror, fearing the wrath of an offended God, while the dignitaries of the church are living in luxury and sensual pleasure. The worship of images and relics, the invocation of saints, and the exaltation of the pope, are devices of Satan to attract the minds of the people from God and from his Son. To accomplish their ruin, he endeavors to turn their attention from him through whom alone they can find salvation. He will direct them to any object that can be substituted for the One who has said, " Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." It is Satan's constant effort to misrep-resent the character of God, the nature of sin, and the real issues at stake in the great controversy. His sophistry lessens the obligation of the divine law, and gives men license to sin. At the same time he causes them to cherish false conceptions of God, so that they regard him with fear and hate, rather than with love. The cruelty inherent in his own character is attributed to the Creator; it is embodied in systems of religion, and expressed in modes of worship. Thus the minds of men are blinded, and Satan secures them as his agents to war against God. By perverted conceptions of the divine attri-butes, heathen nations were led to believe human sacrifices necessary to secure the favor of Deity; and horrible cruelties have been perpetrated under the various forms of idolatry. The Romish Church, uniting the forms of paganism and Christianity, and, like paganism, misrepresenting the character of God, has resorted to practices no less cruel and revolting. In the days of Rome's supremacy, there were instru-ments of torture to compel assent to her doctrines. There was the stake for those who would not concede to her claims.  There were massacres on a scale that will never be.  known until revealed in the Judgment. Dignitaries of the church studied, under Satan their master, to in-vent means to cause the greatest possible torture, and not end the life of their vic-tim. The infernal process was repeated to the utmost limit of human endurance, until nature gave up the struggle, and the sufferer hailed death as a sweet release. Such was the fate of Rome's opponents. For her adherents she had the discipline Ł of the scourge, of famishing hunger, of bodily austerities in every conceivable, heart-sickening form. To secure the favor of heaven, penitents violated the laws of God by violating the laws of nature. They were taught to sunder every tie which he has formed to bless and gladden man's earthly sojourn. The churchyard contains millions of victims, who spent their lives in vain endeavors to subdue their natural affections, to repress, as of-fensive to God, every thought and feeling of sympathy with their fellow-creatures. If we desire to understand the deter-mined cruelty of Satan, manifested for hundreds of years, not among those who never heard of God, but in the very heart and throughout the extent of Christen-dom, we have only to look at the history of Romanism. Through this mammoth system of deception the prince of evil achieves his purpose of bringing dishonor to God and wretchedness to man. And as we see how he succeeds in disguising him-self, and accomplishing his work through the leaders of the church, we may better understand why he has so great antipathy to the Bible. If that book is read, the mercy and love of God will be revealed; it will be seen that he lays upon men none of these heavy burdens. All that he asks is a broken and contrite heart, a humble, obedient spirit. Christ gives no example in his life for men and women to shut themselves in monasteries in order to become fitted for heaven. He has never taught that love and sympathy must be repressed. The Saviour's heart overflowed with love. The nearer man approaches to moral per-fection, the keener are his sensibilities, the more acute in his perception of sin, and the deeper his sympathy for the afflicted. The pope claims to be the vicar of Christ; but how does his character bear comparison with that of our Saviour ? Was Christ ever known to consign men to the prison or the rack because they did not pay him homage as the King of heaven ? Was his voice heard condemn-ing to death those who did not accept him ? When he was slighted by the peo-ple of a Samaritan village, the Apostle John was filled with indignation, and inquired, " Lord, wilt thou that we com-mand fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did ?" Jesus looked with pity upon his disciple, and rtibuked his harsh spirit, saying " The Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." How different from the spirit manifested by Christ is that of his professed vicar. The Romish Church now presents a fair front to the world, covering with apologies her record of horrible cruelties. She has clothed herself in Christ-like garments ; but she is unchanged. Every principle of popery that existed in past ages exists to-day. The doctrines devised in the darkest ages are still held. Let none deceive themselves. The popery that Protestants are now so ready to honor is the same 