470 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. purpose of the mayor. They were not caught a second Sunday, however ; they got an -abundant -supply the Saturday before." ANOTHER EVIL. But there is another, and an evil side even to Sun-day closing. Who can not see that a law forbidding,  murder or theft on Sunday only would necessarily sanction and legalize those crimes six days in the week? So if the business of selling liquor as a bev-erage, to produce paupers and lunatics, and people temporarily insane, and so liable to commit crime,Šif this is a crime at all, all Sunday closing laws legalize it, and throw around it the respectability of govern-ment on six days in the week. But this movement, as far as possible, proposes to stop all Sunday labor, and so make what is honest work on other days, a crime on Sunday, punishable by fine and imprisonment. This is to create a crime by law. Such artificial crimes are much more liable to be committed by well meaning young men than are real violations of human rights. But even such an arbitrary law once broken, the young man is treated as a common criminal. He is fined and imprisoned along with drunkards and thieves. He is disgraced before the community, and loses his own self respect, and so is started in the downward way. All laws that create artificial crimes, tend also to create real crim-inals. Again, these laws inforce idleness on Sunday, for all men know that such laws can not reach the heart and inforce those divine sanctions which, to the true Christian, make the Sabbath very different from a day of idleness. Alt inforced Sabbath keeping, there-fore, is simply inforced idleness, and it is a familiar proverb 'that the Devil always has work for idle hands to do. WOULD PROHIBIT SUNDAY CARS. But this is not the worst. This movement proposes to stop all Sunday excursions, and as fast as possible, all Sunday trains, and so take away all means of get-ting into the country from the overheated and over-crowded city, on the only day when most people can have a chance to go. Doctor Evart gives their rea-son for this : "The. Sunday train is another great evil. They can not afford to run a train unless they get a great many passengers, and so break up a great many congregations." WOULD STOP SUNDAY PAPERS. They propose to stop the publication of all Sun-day papers: This can not be to give those who work on the papers their Sunday, for the work on the Sun-day paper is done largely on Saturday, and the work on the Monday paper is mostly done on Sunday. Dr. Evarts here also gives the real reason why it is the  Sunday and not the Monday paper' that is to be stopped.-- He says;'="The laboring classes are apt foŠrise late on Sunday morning, read the Sunday paper, and allow the hour of worship to go by unheeded." They propose even to stop the Sunday street cars. In Toronto,. Canada, a city of two hundred thousand in-habitants, the church people have thus far prevented the running of Sunday street cars ; and this they have done in spite of the petitioning and the persistent effort of the common people to secure this cheap means of transit on their one leisure day in the week. Because of this fact, Toronto has been held up all over the United States, by the religio-political work-ers, as the pious and model city, a sample of what they hope to accomplish in this country. Thus they propose to take from the poor man in our large cities every means he has of getting his fam-ily even to 'the parks of the city on the only day of the week he has for recreation and rest; There can be no denying the motive of this. It 'is an indirect ef-fort to force church attendance. The writer, with many other ministers, was present at a hearing in the Massachusetts Legislature on these very points. From the speeches made by nearly every minister, it was so plain why they wanted everything but the church ClOsed up on Sunday, that an agnostic arose, and in a ringing speech boldly accused the preachers of wanting a monopoly of the day. One of the Boston clergymen indignantly expressed his surprise that any man in the nineteenth century should dare to publicly make such an accusation. But before he sat down even, he gave his case entirely away by saying, "I maintain that the church can not compete with the theaters and the museums, and the places of public resort." The reverend gentleman was reminded that the church once did compete with the circus and the theater, and with' all the sports of the pagan, world, and that she triumphed over them, and went forth as on a white horse conquering and to conquer. If the church lacks that power to-day, instead of seeking a monopoly from the state, she should seek more power from God. The great cry to-day is that the masses do not want to attend church. If the masses ,do, not want to attend church now, will they want to do so more when the church has cut off every avenue of escape, and they plainly see that she is trying to force them to' attend ? Every one who knows Iluinan nature at all, or who, even understands his own heart; must an-swer, NO. Now, these—rnen who do not want to, at-tend church can go to the seashdre, and to the coun-try, and, if they' will not of their own free wills attend the church, there is no better place for them on earth than the, seashore and the country. God, through 