320 .4—1YMIZICA_N SENIE9IN1OILA. VoL. 8. No. 40. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 12, 1893. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for It simply because they take it from the post-office. APROPOS of our note in last week's paper, on the popish claim to the credit of establishing religious liberty in Maryland, is the short article on page 315 of this paper. Read it. A RELIGIOUS paper denounces as " trai-tors to the public good," those who oppose Sunday, by which it means those who teach that Sunday is not the Sabbath and that the seventh day is the Sabbath. Of course "traitors to the public good" ought to be punished, or at least restrained. That is the logic of any religious institu-tion intrenched in civil statutes. THE Michigan Barber's Sunday-closing Act is under discussion in the courts of Detroit. Judge Gartner of the Recorder's Court has openly expressed his belief that the law is unconstitutional. The Boss Barber's Association is determined that however unconstitutional the law may be it shall be enforced, and consequently takes no Sunday naps, but keeps both eyes wide open to catch a fellow-workman honing his razor and serving a customer on Sunday. One case is already on trial, and a number of further arrests are, ex-pected. WE print this week the last of the four articles from the Catholic Mirror on the Sabbath question. We are not in sym-pathy with the vindictive spirit manifested in the concluding article, but give it just as it appeared in the Mirror. It is little wonder, however, that the inconsistencies of " Protestants " in this very matter ex-cite scorn and derision in Catholics. The " Protestant" claim that the Bible teaches a change of the Sabbath, is utterly without foundation in fact, and "Protestant" min-isters know it; hence the fine scorn with which they treat it. Again we ask, as we have asked before, What can such " Prot-estants " reply to the taunts of Rome that they have no authority for Sunday-keep-ing except the authority of the Roman Catholic Church ? CONGRESSMAN WHEELER, of Alabama, has introduced a bill in the House of Rep-resentatives authorizing the holding of an international exposition in this city, in 1900, for the celebration of the beginning of the twentieth century of the Christian religion. As extraordinary as the propo-sition is it is really attracting attention in some quarters; notably from the Mail  and Express, which devotes space to the opinions of a number of gentlemen on the subject. Ex-Judge Noah Davis is quoted as declaring heartily " in favor of the suggested exposition to celebrate the exis-tence and progress of the religion of Christ for the last nineteen centuries." Where legislators and judges have so little reali-zation of the limitations of the sphere of civil legislation is it to be wondered at that certain fanatical religionists do not under-stand that it has any limitations at all ? REV. W. A. GARDINER, of San Fran-cisco, lately preached a discourse in favor of closing the gates of the Midwinter Fair on Sunday, in which, while favoring Sun- day closing, he deprecated all resort to law and to force for the attainment of such an end. Dr. Gardiner said :Š It is as unreasonable to demand that the gates of the Fair should be closed on the first day of the week because God said, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy " as it would be to demand that each attendant bring a turtle dove, kid or bullock to be slain for a burnt offering. For man in the exercise of governmental functions to undertake to enforce divine enactments for no other reason than that they are divine is presump-tion. Surely this man is not far from an un-derstanding of the fact that the first day of the week is not the Sabbath, and an appreciation of the truth that allegiance is due to God in the things which are God's. THE committee on the religious con-gresses of the World's Fair Congress Auxiliary sent out an earnest request for universal prayer in behalf of the Parlia-ment of Religions and its associated relig- ious congresses. In reference to this appeal The Present Truth, of London, England, pointedly says :Š We can have no faith whatever in any prayer that is offered to God with the spirit and the un-derstanding that the Christian religion can unite with pagan systems of worship and be placed on a level with them in a common religious fraternity, or in behalf of the enterprise which seeks to bring this about. Nothing of this kind can be according to the will of God; for the will of God is revealed in his word, which makes a difference as high as the heavens between the Christian religion and all other religions whatever. We would suggest that this great congress be opened by reading these words from 2 Cor. 6: 14-16, " What fellowship bath righteousness with unrighteousness ? and what communion hath light with darkness ? and what concord hath Christ with Belial ? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel ? and what agreement hath the temple of God with idols ?" Pending the answers to these questions, it will be in order to entertain a motion to adjourn sine die. No such questions as these were seri-ously broached at the Parliament of Relig- ions; when they threatened to make their appearance they were quietly brushed aside as out of harmony with the general sense of the parliament. That they cer-tainly were. But this parliament was independent of any and all biblical au-thority, and could not be expected to adjourn because of the discovery of any discrepancy between its positions and the  teaching of the Bible. It is very clear that the Apostle Paul would not have been, as a speaker at this parliament,Špersona gratis,Šand had his Epistle to the Corinthians been presented as a paper to have been read there, it would have needed careful editing by the committee. THE National Reformers are still de-manding a, religious amendment to the Federal Constitution. The last number of the Political Dissenter says The imperative need of a Christian amendment to our fundamental law has never been more clearly demonstrated than during the conflict as to the opening of the World's Fair on the Sabbath. In a broad sense, covering our people, their origin and history, and their social customs and institutions, we are a Christian Nation. And so our Supreme Court has said, in an obiter dictum, or in a state-ment made by the way, and not in a judicial deci-sion on the point itself. The wide and strong ex-pression of the Christian sentiment of the country on this particular question of opening the Fair on the Sabbath is one of the most overwhelming proofs that this is, in the above loose sense, a Christian Nation. But this Christian sentiment, strong as it is, can be defeated by a small number of men who care only for persona] gain, or who take special pleasure in treating Christianity with contempt. Is Christian sentiment to be ignored and despised? and are Christian institutions to be trampled under foot? or shall they so express themselves as to com-mand due respect ? This shows something of the purpose of the National Reformers. Nothing short of a revolution in our form of government will satisfy them. " To tax church property is to tax God, says The Catholic Review, and adds no comment to its solitary epigram. Let us see. Then to rent church property isŠwhat ? To sell church property isŠwhat ? To insure church property isŠwhat ? To mortgage church property isŠwhat ? To hold a raffling fair in church property is Šwhat ? The epigram has more bray than brains." SUBSCRIBE FOR THE "MEDICAL MISSIONARY." EVERY Christian family ought to receive the Medical Missionary, each number of which is brim full of interesting matter calculated to arouse and develop true missionary spirit. The September number begins a series of most interesting illustra-ted articles by Dr. M. G Kellogg, the medical mis-sionary who is accompanying the Pitcairn on its voyage among the Pacific Islands. Reports from Christian Help Bands, from the Chicago Mission, and other branches of the medical missionary work, will also appear in each number. Subscrip-tion price, 25 cts. per year. Address The Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich. IN the October Arena the Editor has a timely dis-cussion on " The Coming Religion," in which he examines various causes which have operated dur-ing recent years in influencing the religious thought of civilization. In the same issue Rev. W. E. Manley, D. D., contributes a scholarly paper en-titled " Aionian Punishment Not Eternal." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per, 'year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " ' - - - 80c 64 100 to 249 " " " 4 4 44 - - The 4 4 250 to 499 " " " 6 4 64 . - - 70c 66 500 to 999 " " " 6 6 66 - - 65c 1000 or more ‚. 64 64 64 ' ' - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 