AMERICAN SENTINEL. 403 surging to this center with such intensity as to, command earnest attention. "SPAIN'S ISLAND POSSESSIONS. "Already the cry is that Spain must be stripped of all her island possessions in American and Asiatic seas. Let the figures tell the price of that stubborn quality termed `Spanish honor,' This is the list of the principal islands, with their area and population, according to the latest statistics:Š AMERICAN. Square Miles. Population. Cuba  41,655 1,631,687 Ł Porto Rico  3,670 806,708 ASIATIC. Philippines.  114,326 7,000,000 Sulus  950 75,000 Carolines and Pelews  560 36,000 Ladrones, or Marianos 420 10,172 Total,  161,581 9,559,567 -President McKinley has no colonial policy. He is not counting any chickens before they are hatched. He will not cross the bridge until he comes to it. It is his purpose to bring the war to a successful end before for-mulating any policy for the disposition of the pearls of the sea garnered by American valor, but there is a tide of public opinion already set in for colonial expansion that may sweep all opposition before it. This statement must not be taken as an implication that the President will oppose such a policy, for he has stated distinctly to close friends that he will not be diverted by such prob-lems from the main purpose of crowning American arms with complete and lasting victory. "MERRITT HITS POPULAR CHORD. "Unused to the possession of insular colonies, taught by a hundred years of precept and example to avoid it, the first thought of Americans on learning of the triumph of Admiral Dewey was that Spain should not be punished by the loss of the Philippines. American sentiment has changed. It has become familiar with the thought of `colonial empire,' and there is something in the sonorous term that appeals to the imagination. Advocates of co-lonial expansion have sprung up on every hand. The disease is contagious, and the masses have caught the fever. "General Merritt not only touched a popular chord, or at least awoke a dormant chord to responsive rhythm, but his phrase has furnished the country with a telling shibboleth. Statesmen may make the laws, but greater than they is he who turns the sentiment or passion of a nation into a pat epigram. General Merrit has made the epigram, and if he were a younger man it might make him President of the United States and its dependencies. "NEW NATIONAL DESTINY. "By one of the accidents with which all history is strewn the American people have a new destiny opened before them. One need not be for or against a policy of colonial expansion to recognize the fact that the nation is at the parting of the ways, nor should one be blind to the wonderful possibilities and the grave responsibilities presented to the United States for its choosing, but a calm survey of the field from Washington is calculated to convince one that there has been a remarkable trans Which Is Lawful? BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. ONCE there was a set of religionists bent on having other people follow their ideas of Sabbath observance. Certain things were being done that they could not en-dure. At the very moment when they were eagerly seek-ing what they, might do to prevent these things, this question was presented to them : "Is it lawful on the Sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?" They did not go so far as to declare in words their answer, but they proceeded forthwith to de-clare by their actions that in their minds the destruction of life was better Sabbath observance than those acts of mercy which they were seeking to prevent. For they "wentforth and straightway took counsel with the Hero-dians against Him, how they might destroy Him." On May 20th, in the town of Winona Lake, Ind., an-other company of religionists were assembled. They, too, were grieved by certain things which conflicted with their ideas of Sabbath observance, and were seeking how they might stop the one and carry out the other. While formation in the American habit of thought. It has been revolutionized, apparently, within a few weeks. The change is reflected in Congress, for the representatives of the people are quick to catch the public pulse. "The American Government entered on this war to free Cuba and hand it over to the Cubans, but the Ameri-can people may change their mind. Influences are at work that may ultimately force the retention of the pearl of the Antilles, though this Government would lee quick to disavow such a possibility. It is conceded that a pro-tectorate will probably be established over Cuba for a time, until the Cubans shall have organized a competent government of their own, and from a protectorate it may be a short passage to actual possession. There are faint murmurings that betoken the growth of a new sentiment for the retention of Cuba, and the Government may have to face a tidal wave when the war is over and the cost is counted." In a sermon only a few days ago President Patton, of Princeton, said:Š "History knows not what it is to retreat. Every step we take shuts a door behind us. The boom of Admiral Dewey's cannon across the Pacific made us forget Wash-ington's farewell address and throw the Monroe doctrine for a time into the background. It is impossible, some one says, for a nation to secede from the family of na-tions, and if it stays in the family it is going to have fam-ily complications." All these things are worthy of thoughtful considera-tion; for no one knows what "manifest destiny" may produce. And if we mark events as they pass, we shall be able better to understand each new phase that may open to the world. These are times in which the world moves rapidly, and much may occur in a day. "Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments." A. T. J. 