82 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the decision of the present case, to sustain the divine authority of its institution." " It is set apart by divine command and human legislation as a day of rest." "We have no right to give up this institution. It has come down to us with the most solemn sanctions, both of God and man, and if we do not appreciate it, we are at least bound to preserve it." Concerning two Kentucky statutes it is observed (Moore vs. Hagan, 2 Duv. 437) that " one applied exclusively to Sunday as sacred, and the other to holidays as secular ; " while in the same case the ob-ject of the Sunday law is declared to be "to aid. in securing it [Sunday] against desecration." In Iowa, one of the newer States, it has been held (Davis vs. Fish, 1 Green 40) that Sunday is "sacred, set apart for rest." In North Carolina it is declared (Ricketts' case, 74 N. C. 184) that " all religious and moral codes permit works of necessity and mercy on their sacred days ; " and in Georgia, it is held (Weldon's case, 62 Ga. 449) that in that State, "as in England, Sunday is a holy day. The code denom-inates it the Lord's day, and as the Lord's day all courts and magistrates are to con-sider it." This list might be greatly ex-tended, but it is not necessary; the propo-Sition under discussion is that " we have no laws enforcing the observance of Sun-day as a religious institution." The su-preme courts of several of the States them-selves being the judges, we have such laws. But one question remains to be settled, namely, have we laws which require an observance of Siinday in keeping with the supposed sacred character of the day ? Again let the courts answer. In Georgia it has been held (44 Ga. 204) that the power to legislate in regard to Sunday "is a. very high prerogative, and is supported by the principle involved in the preserva-tion of morals and duties of the citizens upon the Lord's day;" while in Ohio it is said (Wright, Ohio 754) in the case of a deed executed upon Sunday, that " both parties partook of the sin of violating the Sabbath." Ringgold, author of " Legal Aspects of the First Day of the Week," cites a com-paratively recent English case in which it was said " the statute, in express terms, provides that every person shall apply himself to the observation of the Lord's day publicly and privately; so that private, as well as public conduct, was expressly within its contemplation." Upon this, Mr. Ringgold remarks that "there is no lack of American authorities which recognize the legal consistency of the English view, and adopt the same reasoning. In sup-port of this he cites cases in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, and New York. In Massachusetts it has been held that "all arguments drawn from the Jew-ish law respecting the Sabbath are out of place, except so far as any provisions of  that law may have been recognized and promulgated by our Saviour, or by legisla-tive authority of our own commonwealth." " We are," says the Court, " far from questioning the religious obligation which all Christians are under to separate to religious uses the first day of the week, since the legislative power has exacted the observance of it as such." In Penn-sylvania (Waf's case, 3 S. & R. 48), it is declared that " it is of the utmost impor-tance that they [the people] be reminded of their religious duties at stated inter-vals; " and in Tennessee we have this opinion (2 Yerg. 31) : " It is correct, as ad-vanced by the defendant's counsel, that no worldly labor or business ought to be car-ried on on the Sabbath day. It is, at least, unseemly, subversive of good morals, and as it appears to me, not in union with the principles of our holy religion." And again; "The object of the law . . . was to prevent the desecration of the day, which by our law is dedicated to the duties of religion." 1 Swan 413. Have we indeed no laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious insti-tution? What answer must honest men give to the question ? C. P. B. -4- Sunday Contracts in Tennessee. IT has been seen that in extending the sphere of indictment to offenses against religion by Sunday labor and profanity, and in importing into the practice of the courts the principle of the exclusion of witnesses for lack of religious belief, the progress of judicial legislation on religious questions in Tennessee has been quite rapid, and apparently without any im-pediment whatever to its advancement. On the subject of Sunday contracts, how-ever, the courts have hesitated, unwill-ingly, yet compelled from lack of prece-dent and definite authority, either ancient or modern. The opinions of the judges in the cases reported show that they have in each case regretted the absence of such shadow of precedent as might have en-abled them to have still further strength-ened and extended religious law in Ten-nessee, by adding to it the decree that all contracts made on Sunday are void. It would have required no wider latitude of interpretation than has been indulged in through the desire to make pro-fanity and Sunday labor indictable, but the judges, to whom the cases in reference to Sunday contracts have fallen, have lacked the boldness necessary to establish such an innovation in the law, however desirable it may have seemed to them, and this dishonor is left to some religiously irreligious enthusiast who is yet to come. The cases reported are of interest as showing the manifest desire to declare Sunday contracts void, and a disappoint-ment amounting almost to chagrin, that a sufficient color of law or precedent could not be found to support such a decision. The first recorded case appears to.  be that of Amis vs. Kyle, 2 Yerger 31, May, 1820, which was an action upon a written agree-ment, under seal, to deliver and pay for a number of horses six months after date, time being an essential element of the con- tract. It happened that the fixed date of delivery fell on Sunday and tender of the horses was made on the Monday following. The tender was refused and action brought. The plea was made that as Sunday was not a day for the transaction of worldly business, therefore the day next following, or next preceding, must in law be consid-ered proper days for the fulfillment of the contract. Upon this the judge says:Š It is correct, as was advanced by the defendant's counsel, that no worldly labor or business ought to be carried on on the Sabbath day. It is at the least unseemly, subversive of good morals, and as it ap-pears to me, not in unison with the principles of our holy religion. But however reprehensible such conduct may be in the general estimation, however injurious to the social state, by inducing a laxity of manners, and thereby lessening the weight of re-ligious obligation, yet the only question in this court can be, could this payment and delivery of horses, from the facts appearing on this record, be legally made on the Sabbath day by the defendant to the plaintiff. In support of the negative of this proposition, the maxim, dies dominus non, est dies juridica, was cited and relied upon. And it was inferred that -from the spirit of this rule of the common law, the payment and delivery of the horses on Sunday, were within its prohibition. The application of that maxim upon the present occasion, would be giving it too wide a field of operation. It is prop-erly applicable to the ordinary proceedings of courts of justice. Lord Mansfield in the case of Swann vs. Broome has given a history of the law on the point. He says that anciently, courts of justice did sit on Sundays; the ancient Christians using all times alike. This was for two reasons, first in opposition to the Heathens, who were super-stitious about the observance of days and times, con-ceiving some to be lucky, and others to be unlucky; secondly, to prevent Christian, suitors from resort-ing to the Heathen courts. But these canons were made, one in the year 517, another in 895, and a third in 932, prohibiting the holding pleas and ad-judging causes on the Lord's day. These canons were received and adopted by the Saxon kings, were con-firmed by William the Conqueror and Henry the Sec-ond, and so became part of the common law of Eng-land. . . . Lord Mansfield in the case above cited, observes that fairs, markets, sports, and pastimes, were not unlawful to be holden and used on Sun-day at common law, and therefore it was requisite to enact particular statutes to prohibit the use and exercise of them upon Sundays, as there was noth-ing else that could hinder their being continued in use. The judge then quotes Lord Coke, who, in his comment on the Statute of West-minster, said that the ancient English law prohibiting legal proceedings on Sunday extended also to the making of contracts; but also cites a decision of Lord Coke himself, and a number of other English decisions in which contracts made on Sun-day were held good. From these he draws a conclusion thatŠ These adjudged cases prove, that at the common law, acts not expressly prohibited, might be done on a Sunday; and that contracts made on that day were not, on that account, ever considered by it as illegal. This brings us to our act of 1741, ch. 14. sec. 2. 