220 A.10111 iEtICA.INT SMINTTINIMIL. Vol.,. 9, No. ;and the State have nothing in common ? And why do they maintain a department nof legislation if they have nothing in com-mon with the Government ? Why was the statement made at the Elgin Sunday (convention, that " the interests of the Church and the State are united" ? And why does Mrs. Bateham say in Leaflet No. 15 " that Christianity is part of the law of the land " ? If Christianity is part of the law, then isn't the State trying to uphold Christianity and to advance its interests ? And isn't that just what the Church is endeavoring to do ? It is true then that they have something in common; but it is just as true that they ought not to have anything in common. It is only an apostate church and a ruined State that are united. They should neither be united nor opposed, but simply let each other lone. " But," says the writer of the leaflet, " you cannot unite an organization with a principle." Isn't the Woman's Christian 'Temperance Union united to the principle of temperance, and prohibition, and Sun-day legislation, as well as to many other principles ? If an organization cannot unite with a principle, it can at least adopt the principle which amounts to the same thing. It is not necessary that an organ-ized State should, by express terms, be united to an organized church in order to have a union of Church and State. A comparison of three cases will illustrate this point. Case one : Suppose the organized State of Illinois should adopt the organized Presbyterian Church, as a State church. No one will deny that this would be a union of Church and State. Now, what would follow from such a union ? Would the State pay the grocery bills of the members of this church ? Would it buy their clothing ? or furnish them with any of the necessities of this life ?ŠNo, noth-ing of the kind ; that is not the purpose of such a union. The object is to secure the cooperation and assistance of the State in matters pertaining to the church. What, then, is the purpose of the Presbyterian Church ? How came this organization to have an existence ? There is but one answer to these questions. There were certain doctrines which some people be-lieved should be taught and obeyed in the world. The sum of one's religious belief constitutes a religious creed ; and a creed which is held by a number of individuals is a common creed. From some of its characteristics, this common creed was named " Presbyterianism," and the people who organized themselves together for the purpose of promulgating this creed con-stitute the Presbyterian Church. No church, as such, cares for anything except its creed; no church would ever have had an existence but for its creed. And when any church unites itself with the State, it is for the express purpose of having the State use its power and influence to secure the general adoption of its creed. The creed becomes a part of the law of the land, and the enforcement of that part of the law is religious persecution. Case two : Let us imagine that Mich-igan is afraid of a union of Church and State. The people have resolved never to allow the State to be joined to any church. " But surely," they say, "it can do no harm for the State to adopt a religious creed, provided, that in the arrangement, no mention is made of a church. And as a majority of the citizens are in favor of Presbyterianism, we will 'have the State  adopt the principles of that creed." And then they exclaim triumphantly, " No union of Church and State here; you can-not unite an organization with a princi-ple!" But any one can see that. under such an arrangement Michigan would be united to the Presbyterian Church, just as certainly as would Illinois. In both States Presbyterianism would be a part of the law of the land, and in both cases the enforcement of that part of the law would be religious persecution. Let any State adopt the Roman Catholic creed, without saying anything about the church, and see if the Woman's Christian Temperance Union would not cry, " Church and State "! Case three: Now suppose that the State of Pennsylvania simply adopts Christian-ity. Would not that be a union of Church and State ? If not, why not ? If adopt-ing the Presbyterian creed creates a union with the Presbyterian Church, why does not the adoption of Christianity create a union with the Christian Church ? Most certainly it does. As there is but one way to benefit the Presbyterian Church, and that by the advancement of its creed, so there is but one way to help the Chris-tian Church, and that is by_propagating and sustaining its creed. Whatever is done for Presbyterianism is done for the Presbyterian Church, and the same is true of Christianity and the Christian Church. When we advance the interests of a man we benefit the man; and when we advance the interests of a church, we benefit the church. " But," says one, " Christianity is not a persecuting religion." Of course not; hence we know that when a religious body seeks for legislation to enforce its creed, it is not a Christian organization at all, no matter how much it may claim to be such, and its creed is not Christianity. It is only a counterfeit Christianity which seeks to become a " part of the law of the land," and only a counterfeit Christian that tries to make it such. But if the State adopts Christianity, without reference to any sect, and every one is allowed to interpret the Bible for himself, will there be persecution then ? Such a thing never was done and never will be. Christianity must be defined or it cannot be enforced. You cannot call everything Christianity. If a State should profess to adopt Christianity, without definition, the courts would soon begin to define it, thus interpreting the Bible for the people. The creeds of the different so-called Christian denominations are simply so many different definitions of Christianity. The definition given to Christianity by any State constitutes the State creed, and those who accept the State creed, together constitute the State Church. Pennsylvania has adopted Chris-tianity, as a State religion, and she has begun to define it. The State tries to en-force the observance of Sunday, as the Christian Sabbath; but this cannot be done without interpreting the Bible, and wrongly interpreting it, too. The writer of the leaflet says, that " we have State Sabbath laws, and they no-where tend to a union of Church and State," but she avoids giving a reason for her statement. The fact is, Sunday laws are the chief step in a union of Church and State. Perhaps the writer will ask, " Why is there no persecution from Sun-day laws ?" We reply, There is; a Sun-day law was never enforced without per-secution. And if there is a place where  such laws do not persecute, it is because they are not enforced. The leaflet under review argues that because the State Sun-day laws do not persecute when not en-forced, therefore a national law will not persecute when it is enforced. Still air never blows anybody away, therefore how can a cyclone be dangerous ? One thing more we wish to examine in this so-called "man of straw." The writer claims that a union of Church and State " is rendered impossible by our Constitu-tion." How is it rendered impossible Why, the Constitution says, that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Hence the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union acknowledges that an establishment of religion in the law of the land would constitute a union of Church and State: But if this is made impossible by the Con-stitution, as they say, why do they boast that this is a Christian nation, and that " Christianity is a part of the law of the land " ? This is hot a u  man of straW." He Is a beast, and the organilation that espouses him, will never be able to 'Conceal his pedigree% A. DEthe WESTCOTT. Leo XIII.'s Triumph. Rome, June 9. WHEN Leo XIII. began to try to bring about an understanding between Prince Bismarck and the Vatican, it was said to him: " Holy father, don't you remember that Bismarck declared he would never go to Canossa ?" To this the pontiff re-plied : " We don't want him to go to Canossa, but he may come to Rome !" And this was brought about; and the Kulturkampf in Germany ceased; and a minister from PrussiaŠthe late Dr. Von SchloezerŠwas sent to Rome to represent his government at the Vatican. This was, perhaps, one of the great triumph' of the pontiff's ability and gentle persua-siveness. A triumph, probably still greater than even this, has just been achieved by the same pontiff. Russia, the natural enemy of Rome, the government particularly prominent amongst the governments of Europe for its persistent persecution of its Catholic subjects, has listened at length to the voice of reason, and admitted the right of the pope to seek every means of protecting his children in the faith. Diplomatic relations have been re-estab-lished between Russia and the Vatican, after a rupture that has lasted twenty-eight years! Since the time when such relations ceased between the two powersŠthe moral power of Rome and the material power of Russia Š disagreements with other European nations arose, such as those of Prussia and Belgium with the church. These have been removed, and with great advantage to the peace of these nations. Now is the moment when an-other victory of Leo XIII. has to be recorded, and one which cannot be more complete. A journal hostile to Catholics, but of considerable influence, the Corriere di Napoli, says : " At the office of the Secretary of State in the Vatican, they may well be proud of having brought to a satisfactory conclusion a question which was frequently threatened with ship-wreck." This re-establishment of the Russian legation to the holy see is described as a 