AMERICAN SENTINEL. 411 of such language? How far did its use impose upon governments, upon citizens, upon the world at large? No definite answer can be given to these questions, pro-foundly interesting as they are. But onething is certain Šthere was an element of sincerity in those who used them, and to some extent there was a genuine belief in them on the part of those for whose benefit they were promulgated. * Tins historical review, while, as already observed, it is not presented with any idea of challenging the conclu-sion of our great Forum of last resort, to the effect that "this is a Christian nation," nevertheless has an impor-tant value in an altogether different questionŠand one of considerable importance. It is hard for us nowadays to appreciate the lofty degree of courage and manly in-difference to danger which were required for the voyage of Columbus, and for the wonderful work of the Cabots. Men who ventured as they did, with the scanty knowledge that they possessed, in their frail crafts, without charts, and having compasses of the rudest kind, must have been driven by an impulse stronger than any mere idle curiosity "to see and hear some new thing." What was the secret of it all? INCIDENTALLY, these men, and others of their ilk, may have ma de this !and, nominally, as we have been told they did, "a Christian country." There is no denying that they were uniformly instructed to do so. But a close and impar-tial scrutiny of history shows that this thing was done, if at all, incidentally or accidentally. America was really dis-covered not because the people or potentates of Europe were desirous to "bring souls to Christ," but because people and potentates alike were full of the lust of covet-ousness, the "sacra auri fames," or "accursed thirst after gold," of the old Roman poet. Columbus was sent, to convert the " Grand Khan." Then, as now, there were people "right around home" avowedly unconverted, and others whose conduct plainly showed that their profes-sions of belief in the true faith were based on a miscon-ception of their own mental condition. But the "Grand Khan" whom Columbus set out to Christianize was/sup-posed to sit on a throne of solid gold, studded with dia-monds and other precious gems, and his palace glittered with silver trappings, and pillars of alabaster, and chains of pearls, and in the vaults of his treasury lay millions of coin untold. And so, Columbus got his ships from Fer-dinand and Isabella. THE wrath of man worked salvation. A mighty na-tion has grown up in the land that Cabot ran against when he was groping for a "northwest passage" to the treasure house of El-dorado. As great as any in many other regards, this nation stands unique in the family of' commonwealths, as the representative of political ideas  to which she owed her birth, and which are the founda-tion stones of her existence. One of those ideasŠa very vital oneŠone of transcendant consequenceŠis the idea of a total separation of Church and State. How far this idea is consistent with her posing as "a Christian nation" is not the question here. The purpose of these present paragraphs is simply to point out the fact that, if those whose first coming hither made her life a possibility did anything to give her this characteristic, at least the do-ing of it was not the active cause of their comingŠthat, if the only hope and aim in life of those who fitted out and those who conducted the great voyages of dis-covery had been the propagation of the gospel and the glory of the Saviour, as they understood it, we should never have had a Columbus, a Cabot, a Smith or a Ra-leigh to tempt the waves, or a Bancroft to record their achievements. Political Prayer in Ohio. An illustration of "religion in politics" was furnish-ed at the opening of the Ohio State Republican con vention, at Toledo, June 22. The incident calls out the following from the New York Journal of June 24 :Š "The country clergyman who opened the proceed-ings of the Ohio Republican convention with a supplica-tion to the Almighty on Tuesday had a rather singular idea of the ethics of prayer. However, he had a very correct estimate of the mental characteristics of a Repub-lican convention, for it is recorded that at various points in his appeal the assembled delegates applauded wildly, and at the close they clambered upon their chairs and cheered themselves hoarse. " Through the efforts of this suppliant, a Deity, sup-posed to be all-seeing and omniscient, was explicitly in-formed of the condition of affairs within the Republican party. Especially was he commended to keep an eye on a certain " typical American and father of the Republican party." . . . "Continuing, the preacher begged the Almighty to take an active part in fastening the protective system cm the United States. He seemed to recognize no improprie-ty in appealing to that Great Power which rules all the nations of the earth to aid this one people in its effort to discriminate against all others, and to cut off from our markets the workers of every other country. A device which is successful in proportion as it reduces the work-ers of other lands to want an,d misery is a curious thing to recommend to the God of all the nations, but Ohio's political preacher was equal to the occasion. The as-sembled Republicans shouted themselves hoarse when he lifted up his appeal:Š " May there be among our lawmakers such wisdom and patriotism and loyality to American interests as shall mend the breach in the wall of our prosperity, and by protecting our industries give employment to labor, and thereby create a market at home and abroad, upon the pivot of which turns national prosperity.' 