586 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the "machine" and the organization in opposition to any reform, either of their own free will or under the pressure of political influenceŠare in the majority; and they are largely in the majority, too. Do the minority count on devising a scheme or system that will "turn down" the large majority, and keep them down, so that we shall henceforth have pure politics? The idea is Utopian, truly. * THE real remedy, if one there be, must be that which will make good men out of the bad men that are in poli-tics; and there is but one known cure for a bad heart; namely, regeneration, through the grace of God: The more this is preached and accepted, the less corruption there will be, in politics or any other' sphere of human action. But when the nation undertakes to cast out cor-ruption by vote,Što vote itself into purity and goodness Šit will but display the wisdom of the small boy who tries to lift himself by the straps of his boots. THE progress of lynch law in this country was start-lingly illustrated the other day by the administration of mob vengeance upon five men in the very respectable State of Indiana. Usually the victims of Judge Lynch have been negroes guiltyŠor supposed to be guiltyŠof some revolting crime. In this case the victims were white men, charged with no worse crime than theft. * * AT this rate of progress how long will it be before lynch law will come to be regarded as the proper method of dealing with almost all classes of criminals, Wherever the circumstances afford an opportunity for putting it into execution. As a cheap and expeditious way of get-ting rid of persons who hay.e made themselves obnoxious to a community, it seems to be a success; besides which, it apparently satisfies the feelings of the people much more than the administration of justice through the reg-ular course of the law. And thesefeatures of the case are all, seemingly, that the people care to take into consider-ation. * * IT is no less true, however, that the progress of lynch law is the progress of anarchy. If we would note whether or, not anarchy is making progress in this country, we should look, not at the number and luridness of the speeches of Herr Most and his, associates, but at the lynchings and the crimes which call them forth. IT may be well to inquire, What is anarchy? The word means, the setting aside of the head, or ruler; hence the disregard of all law and.authority. And where is this exemplified more fully or in greater degree than in the setting aside of the laws'and authority of Jehovah? * * * "THE Lord hath prepared his throne in the heaven, and his kingdom ruleth over all." His law is the highest  law in the universe. The transgression of that law is sin. Sin and anarchy are really synonymous terms. The progres 4 of wickedness in the earth is the progress of an-archy. When men disregard the law of God, it is certain that they will have no great scruples about setting aside the law of man. THE Spirit of God is in the earth, restraining men from wickedness and seeking to draw them back to God. By persistence iri sin, however, men drive away this Spirit, and as it is withdrawn from them, there is a loosening of every bond which restrains them from utter lawlessness. Because of the fearful wickedness of these last days, God is withdrawing his Spirit from the earth, and the result is seen in the increasing riot of human passion in every form. One evidence of this appears in the commission of revolting crimes, and another in the lynchings which so commonly follow. They are both symptoms of the same malady, for which the grace of God is the only cure. A Dreadful Alternative. SPEAKING of the case of the young Cuban girl, Evan-gelina Cisneros, whose present circumstances and pros-p'tctive fate have awakened the sympathies of Angto-Saxons on both sides of th4 Atlantic, the Primitive Cath-olic, of September 15, says it is now suggested by the Spanish government that in lieu of the sentence of twenty years' imprisonment in aŁn African penal settlement, she be sent to a convent. In the eyes of same people this would be regarded as at least a mitigation of sentence; but to us, it is about the most dreadful alternative that could be imagined. The young woman herself, of course, strenuously objects to such a disposition of her case. In this connection it may be proper to mention that Mrs. Julia Ward Howe is reported, to have written to the pope asking him to exercise his influence in securing jus-tice for Miss Cisneros. "A single word from you," she is reported as saying to him, "will surely induce the Span-ish government to abstain from this act of military Ven-geance, which would greatly discredit it in the eyes of the civilized world." But the pope has given his blessing upon the Spanish arms in Cuba, and it is in vain to expect that he will pro-nounce a "single word" to the contrary. ONE of the most curious mental phenomena of the tines is the persistence of some good church people7-men who essay to be ministers and teachers of divine truthŠin calling the United States a Christian, nation. Who would think of calling ,an individual a Christian who would spend more money many times over for strong drink; for tobacco, for firearms, for sports and amuse-ments, for jewelry and for, unnecessary display, than he would give to the cause of God! Yet this , is precisely what is done by this "Christian" nation. 