160 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 8, 1900. WE publish this week an interest-ing report of proceedings in the Maryland legislature relating to the enactment of a new Sunday law. See page 146. A vast amount of in-terest and even excitement over the question of Sunday enforcement was manifested by the people at the Cap-ital and by crowds who came up from Baltimore to attend the hear-ing on the bill, and the matter is not yet ended. So we shall present an-other report later on. WE publish on another page a few extracts from letters by friends of the SENTINEL,  who appreciate the importance of the matters to which it is calling attention and the time-liness of its work. We are receiving such letters constantly, and we may know from them just how the SENTI-NEL would be appreciated by many others eve; Šwhere, if only some one would bring it to their attention. Reader, cannot you do something to this end in your locality? RELIGIOUS LIBERTY, as meaning that which can be affected by the law of the land, is only a part of civil liberty. It is civil liberty in religious matters. Hence a person's civil liberty cannot be denied without affecting his religious liberty; and a denial of the right of self-government is as truly an assault upon religious freedom as is the enactment of a Sunday law. The person whose civil rights are not respected, will in vain look for any deference to be shown to his religion. This is logical, and this is the way it has always been in history. MAN,  as a prophet, is a dazzling failure. Yet the world to-day is full of would-be prophets who assure us there is a better time just ahead, and .whose predictions find ready accept-ance  with the people. Here is an illustration which we find mentioned in an exchange. A Frenchman, M. Bloch, last year wrote a book show-ing that war is impossible, on account of the marvelous efficiency of the modern army rifle. Soon after its publication came the Transvaal war. And now the author has reissued his volume under a different title, and shows in it that with modern weapons the civilian is as good a fighter as the regular soldier; thus proving as our exchange remarks, that "the more effective and deadly the weap-ons, the more general will war be; and that is what anybody might have known beforehand." THE  State Board of Education of Colorado, in the case of L. J. Cald-well (Seventh-day Adventist) which came before it recently on the lat-ter's refusal to take an examination on Saturday, decided that the State "nowhere compels the observance of Sunday as a religious, but only as a civil, institution." Also, "that there is no ground for the observance of two Sundays in the State, and that there can be only one."Š(Denver News, Feb. 27.) It is decidedly curious, in view of this, that if there is plain ground for the "civil Sabbath," as an institu-tion separate from religion, there should be ground for it only on Sun-day. "There is no ground for the observance of two Sundays in the State," hence the civil Sabbath must always coincide with the religious Sunday, yet it is not at all a reli-gious institution! There is nothing like the Sunday Sabbath to illus-trate a "distinction without a dif-ference." THE Sunday laws exalt idleness above honest labor, makejtobacco a greater "necessity" for people than bread, distinguish between a fore-noon "shave" and an afternoon "shave" on the same day, and pre- sent endless similar inconsistencies and restrictions upon honest indus-try and individual freedom. What is the necessity for such laws? Why not class them with the outgrown relics of church and-state times, where they belong, and drop them from the statute-books of the na-tion? Why not allow that the people have the right to be free on Sunday the same as on other days? Why treat them as capable adults six days in the week, and as children who must be kept under surveillance the remaining day? Will some ad-vocate of the Sunday laws please tell us? WE note this item in the London, Eng., Present Truth of February 15:Š "Quite recently a Wolverhampton barber was convicted under the Sun-day Trading Act of Charles II.,which prohibits tradesmen, artificers ,work-men and laborers from pursuing their ordinary calling on Sunday. He appealed, his counsel contending that he did not belong to any one of these classes, and the Court of the Queen's Bench sustained his appeal, holding that the Act did not'apply to barbers. What a strange condition, to have a law on the statute books,which puts all fair-minded judges at their wits' end to evade it!"  at THERE  is a "vague alarm" in Great Britain, dispatches say, over the foundation which seems apparent for the belief that Europe intends to interefere to prevent England from conquering the South African republics. Added to this is the fact that Russia is distinctly threatening England on the latter's Asiatic fron-tier, and has already a "stronger grip on Persia" as the result of the war. England is not likely to brook any interference in Africa, and the prospect for a general European war has not for many years been more vivid than it is now. IT has been often said by those favoring Sunday legislation, that observers of the seventh day should be willing to regard the loss of Sun-day as a sacrifice made to their re-ligion. But who will seriously claim that the state can say what an in-dividual shall sacrifice to his relig-ion? 