540 AMERICAN SENTINEL. did not know all that was in his heart; but hate was there, and it is directly opposed to love, and God is love. Abel was representing God to Cain, and Cain could not bear his meekness and love. Did he leave him alone tben? Did he give him liberty to go on representing God ?" "No, mama. Even after God spoke to him he still kept his anger. It says that when he was walking in the field with Abel that he rose up and slew him." "Now, Charlie, was that blow struck only at Abel, or would he have killed any and every one who represented God as did Abel? Would he have hated the same God likeness in every one?" "Everybody," said Charlie. "It was not Abel as a person that he was mad at, but God." "Who has most fully represented God's love to this world?" "Jesus," said Charlie reverently. "Yes, and were there any Cains in his day?" "Oh yes, mama; I see what you mean. The high priests, the scribes, and the Pharisees, and the mob that shouted `crucify him.' " "Now, Charlie, why did they kill Jesus?" "For the same reason that Cain killed Abel,Šbecause they could not bear God's love. They did not want to even have a God over them, but wanted to rule them-selves,Šwanted to show themselves to be God, and get God out of the way, and every one that reminded them of him." "Can you think of any angel who wanted to have the highest place?" "Lucifer," said Charlie. "You may turn and read what is said of his ambition in Isaiah 14:12-14." Charlie read, "How art thou fallen from heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of the morning. . . . for thou bast said in thy heart, I, will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God, . . . I will be like the Most High." "Then Jesus says he beheld him fall like lightning from heaven, that he is now the god of this world, that it is his spirit that now worketh in the children of diso-bedience. There are two classes of influences at work in the world, and we May choose which influence we will come under. One influence is of God, the other of Satan. One leads to right doing, one to wrong, one to love, the other to hate, one to liberty for all, the other to bond-age and persecution. In love is life and every blessing of full liberty ; in self is bondage, destruction and death. You can see how choosing wrong, how setting up one's own way above God's way, leads to hatred of those who take an opposite course, and who represent God on the earth by obeying his commandments. The disobedient n all ages have been persecutors, and in times past, be-cause they had power to do so, have imprisoned godly persons, have had them burned at the stake, tortured and put to death as Cain did Abel, and as the Jews did Jesus, simply because they were so deceived by choosing wrong that they wanted to get God out of the way. But  in getting God out of the way, they cut themselves off from the only source of love, life and liberty, and left for themselves and their followers only isolation and death.. The history of many a nation who has forsaken God shows this to be the truth. "Now can you see clearly why Cain killed Abel?" "Yes," said Charlie, "and there's a lot in it,Ša whole lot in it. I should think people better read God's word, and do as he says, so that they will be safe, and kept from being on Cain's side of the question against God and his people; for there's a whole lot in it." P. B. Religious Liberty. RELIGIOUS liberty is simply the liberty to worship or not to worship God, unmolested by the State, whose province it is to control men's actions by physical force. Religious liberty, in its accepted sense, is an inherent right to every man, and is not transferable. Every man is possessed of a will and the power to exercise it. In religious matters there is, in the economy of God, no such thing as compulsion. Every individual is left free to obey or not to obey, just as he sees fit. Christ himself declares, "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge [condemn] him not." John 12;47. One man may consider it his duty to obey the word of God, another may not so regard it. It is the right of all men to follow the dictates of conscience, no matter what their opinions on the subject may be, unmolested by po-lice authority, so long as in its exercise they do not de-prive anyone else of an equal right. Home Work. WE design to make this department intensely practi-cal by providing interesting studies in different phases of the question of religious liberty, and also by arranging for home work. There are many remarkable in stances in history where the rights of conscience have come in conflict with the powers of the State, and some of the utterances of those against whom the laws were directed are memorable, and should be indelible stamped on the minds of all. Here is one:Š "Let us reject this decree. In matters of conscience the majority has no power." Who said this and what were the circumstances sur-rounding its utterance? What was the result? We would suggest that our young friends look the matter up, and write out a concise statement of the case, say not to excEed 250 words, and if you will forward the same to us, we will be glad to give space in this depart-ment to the one which, in our judgment, seems to be the most meritorious. From whom shall we hear first? 