AMERICAN SENTINEL. 763 The Four-Headed Leopard. "Tms is the queerest beast we have struck yet, mama. Let me read you about it." "After this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads, and dominion was given to it.' " "Yes; this is a strange beast. What was he like?" asked Mrs. Ross. "Like a leopard." "Now tell me what a leopard is like." "Something like a cat," said Charlie. "More like a wildcat. I would not like to meet one at night in the woods. I saw one at the menagerie. He ran up and down in his cage, and 0 how his hungry, yellow eyes did glare! Leopards are very cunning and crafty. They creep along slyly, and then suddenly pounce upon their prey. They are very ravenous and cruel, and do not know theŁmeaning of mercy." Charlie grew quite animated in speaking of the leop-ard, and made some gestures that made his mother laugh. "Dear me, Charlie; you almost frighten me. You can look a great deal like a leopard yourself, and some-times I have seen you act like this very beast of prey. 0 Charlie, let us ever remember as we read these prophecies that unless God's love continually controls us and subdues our fierce passions, we shall show the very characteristics we abhor. The kingdoms represented by the beasts were made up of human beings like ourselves when the grace of God is left apart from our lives." "I see," said Charlie, soberly. "But God made leop-ards." "Yes; but at first you remember they were harmless, subject to man's dominion, even as our passions serve us well when they are under the rule of love. But now to the kingdom. What was the third universal kingdom?" "Greece," said Charlie. "Yes. Greece grew in power during the latter part of the Medo-Persian reign, and an occasion for war was sought by the Persians, but they went home completely discomfited. The Grecians displayed great bravery, and some of the most thrilling incidents of history cluster about their struggle to evade the Medo-Persian yoke." "Yes, mama. Of all the people I have read about in history I like the Greeks best." "There were many attractive features in the Greeks. But with all their grace, we can see the leopard charac-teristic. Do you remember bow the Greeks looked upon the feeble and deformed?". "They despised them, and left the feeble infants and the aged, and infirm, and deformed to die on the moun-tains." "How did they treat their children?" "They made them suffer hardships. They trained them to run races, and set before them the Olympian games as the most desirable goal. They taught them to suffer pain, and if they winced under it, they ridiculed and punished them." "This kind of an education made them very agile, graceful, and unfeeling. We have the best examples of physical grace from Grecian sculpture. If they had also given their children the proper mental and spiritual training, what a race they would have been! Even as it was, Greece developed some of the greatest poets, artists, philosophers, and teachers of the world. The grace of God did work among the Greeks, and here and there we see a flower in the midst of the poisonous herbs. But we are not here to look up the exception, but the rule. What man among the Greeks is known as 'The Great' ?" "Alexander," said Charlie. "My Reader saysŠ How tall was Alexander, pa, That people call him great? Was he like old Goliath, tall, His spear a hundred weight? 0 no, my child, about as tall As I or Uncle James, 'T was not his stature made him great, But the greatness of his fame.' Then the little boy goes on asking questions till he finds,  out that Alexander was not very great in God's sight." "Well, tell me, Charlie, what you have found out in regard to Alexander's fame." "He was a wonderful general. He marched the Gre-cian armies against Medo Persia as soon as he thought them strong enough to overthroW this kingdom. He traveled over 51,000 miles in seven years, or a distance more than twice around the earth. He fought three bat-tles that were disastrous to the Medo Persians, and every battle was a surprise. He would march, up, and fall upon the Medo-Persian armies very much after the man-ner of a leopard; and the cruelty practiced by the Greeks was certainly as bloodthirsty as the action of the leopard on its prey. There were three great battles at Graniciis, Issus, and Arbela, and Alexander was acknowledged the conqueror of the world in 321 B. c., and Greece put in power as the third universal kingdom." "Well, Charlie, you have brought out the character-istics of the leopard-like kingdom in the swiftness, the strategem, and cruelty of their warfare. There is one,  point we have not yet Łtouched." "I know," said Charlie; "and it is the very point in which I am mostinterested,Šthe four heads. What does that mean?" 