-340 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A Good Templar, on Sunday Closing of Saloons. THE following letter speaks for itself. The writer is not, however, indebted to us, but to some friend, for the copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for which he thanks us. OTTUMWA, Iowa, October 22, 1889. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: Please ac-cept my thanks for copies of your paper. I have carefully read them, and am pleased to know that such an able advocate of "equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political," is published in my favorite State, now the home of my people. I hope ere-long the AMERICAN SENTINEL will be a wel-come weekly visitor in the majority of the homes of sensible, liberty-loving people throughout the United States. At the present time many such fearless advo-cates of equal rights are needed. A certain class whose motto is "Rule or Ruin" is slowly but surely gaining ground. The laboring masses must conform to their ideas of right, or they will put on the thumb-screws. I do not believe in Sunday closing of saloons. I am a Good Templar, and wish that all such places could be closed forever. But Sunday closing does not better the condition of the drink-ing man's family. As a general thing, the working-men receive their wages for the week on Saturday evening. In times past they would buy the household ne-cessities, take a drink or two, reserve a small sum for Sunday drinks, and go home. Where the Sunday-closing law is strictly enforced, the greater portion, and sometimes all, of the hard earnings of those who drink goes to purchase enough whisky -to get beastly drunk, and to purchase enough to carry home to last over Sunday. The consequence of this is that there is regular Sat-urday-night rackets in such homes, and the frightened wives and children creep into their miserable beds to think of the dinnerless morrow. Can they think of church ?ŠAlt no I Now let us view the other side of the matter. Suppose the husband and father is sober and in-dustrious (and there are thousands ofsuch) but has a large family to support and house rent to pay. Can he clothe his family in the garb that is suit-able to enter the grand churches ? He is at per-feet liberty to join any church he chooses and give all he can to help keep it up. But let his wife-enter the portals of the magnificent church with an unfashionable bonnet on her head or a last year's cloak on her back, the grand dames (who, by the way, have the most to say about Sun- day religion) will draw their silks and satins _ more closely around them for fear of contact, and shake their plumed heads in grave disapproval. The poor woman notices all this and prefers staying at home, while the husband makes up his mind to seek for recreation for himself and family the next Sabbath where they will not be made fun of. And who can blame him? I used to knoW many families in San Francisco that went almost regularly on the Sunday to Woodward's Gardens. Their excuse was, they could hear good music by going there, and it was their only opportunity for doing so, as they were laboring men and could not dreSs fine enough to go to church. Let such places be closed on Sun-day, also the beautiful parks, and where in the name of common humanity are such people going to catch a glimpse of the beauties of this life?ŠNowhere. They must slave all the week and spend their Sundays shut up in a crowded terse- ment home. There is much I-would like to say regarding the Sunday question, but I have already taken too much space. Ł EMIL L. BICKLEY. "Salt-Christians." UNDER the above caption, Mr. Geo. R. Scott, in the New York Weekly Witness of October 9, 1889, comments somewhat on the corruptions of the Democratic and Republican parties, after-which he proceeds to eulogize the Prohibition party, and says: "The Prohibition party has a claim on salt-Christians that they cannot ignore. It proposed to make this country better religiously as well as politiCally." Such a panegyric falls as an iceberg upon every man who prizes the precious boon of liberty. It stands as one more witness to the SENTINEL'S repeated statements, that the Prohi-bition party has a religious phase, and explains why the SENTINEL opposes one feature of the work of this party. ,It is not because it dissents from the good principles of prohibition, but be-cause it is opposed to incorporating it with the unholy principles of religious legislation.,  If this is the avowed work of the Prohibition party, as it unquestionably is, every "salt-Christian" is in duty bound to oppose its work thus far. It is just and equitable that the Prohibition party im-prove the moral status of politics if they can. This is within their sphere pf action, as it per-tains to this world. But religion is not of this world. Jesus Christ is its divine originator, and no other power is at liberty to dictate a form of worship.' Jesus said, "My kingdom is not of this world," and it does not enter into the prov-ince of any earthly power to sit as the -arbiter of Christian ethics, invade the synagogues of the land, and dictate to the worshiper a code of tenets for them to follow. To do so is to bias-phemotisly assume the prerogative of God. Yet this is what is proposed by the Prohibition party, the American Sabbath Union, National Reform Association, and the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union. They propose by the power of civil laws to enforce, regardless of anybody's conscience, certain religious observances. This will multiply hypocrites, but not Christians. Religiously, every man should be left free to act for himself, be he Christian, Jew, Moham-medan, or infidel. His conscience and liberties are sacred, and it is contrary to every Christian prin-ciple to lay any restriction in these Walters upon  him. Any and all attempts to do so are subver-sive to Christianity, and but tend to a union of Church and State, and leave behind them a dark trail of persecution, as did Rome during the Dark Ages. GEORGE B. THOMPSON. The Sunday Paper in Melbourne. THE tottering institution of Sunday observance, like every other man-made idea, must look for human support when the light of truth begins to penetrate the hollow recesses of its false founda-tions. Lately, someone proposed to meet a grow-ing demand for a Sunday newspaper in Mel-bourne. A cry of dismay went up from the guardians of the Sunday observance, and there was a hurrying to and fro. There is no doubt the innovation would have received a warm re-ception from both friend and foe. It would have been interesting to the on-looker who believes in religion and order, but does not include Sunday sacredness in his moral code. But a period was put to the proceeding by the government warn-ing the audacious innovator that be would be prosecuted if hejroceeded. But the circumstance caused an investigation of the legal defenses of Sunday-keeping, when it was discovered that the prosecution of such an enterprise would be attended with some perplexi-ties, and some chance of escape to one who sought to earn his living by publishing a newspaper on a day which God never blessed ; so there is to be a strengthening of the law and a shorter cut to condign punishment for such an-offender. The attorney-general has drawn up a brief act in two clauses and submitted it to Parliament, which distinctly prohibits the publication and sale of newspapers on Sunday, with penalties from £100 for the first offense up to fine and for-feiture of plant for the third. The demand for a respectable Sunday paper is undoubtedly an increasing one. When we con-sider other means of amusement and entertain-ment which are allowed, it does not appear an unreasonable one. The only logical objection there can be to its introduction consists in the two facts of their being sold and read. But will Sunday zealots claim that they have a right to legislate as to what a man shall read on Sunday? If so, they would better legislate the trashy novel out of their church members' hands. To sell a newspaper is certainly no greater offense to God or man -than to sell a cigar or a pipeful of to-bacco, and yet these may be freely purchased in Melbourne on Sunday. The labor of producing the paper comes almost entirely upon the preced-ing day. It is a well-known fact that the papers which are read with such a clear conscience on Monday morning by minister-and people, are the products of Sunday labor. The whole animus of the matter lies-in a deter-mination to uphold an institution which lacks scriptural support. It would be just as reason-able to enforce upon an unwilling people the practice of infant sprinkling as the observance of Sunday, both of which had the same origin. Religious dogmas present a pitiable spectacle when they must be propped up to an upright position by civil laws and penalties. An appeal to the Bible at once reveals the serene form of God's ancient Sabbath, but the sight of this can-not be endured by Sunday advocates. With the utmost contempt they cover it with their reproach and cry, "Great is Diana."ŠBible Echo, bourne, Australia. on in the world is gained from strangers who now and then visit the country, and from a class of peddlers who make periodical trips. The streets of Quito are used as water-closets, in daylight as well as in dark, and are never cleaned from one year's end to another. Although Ecuador is set down in the geographies as a republic, it is Ł simply a popish colony, and the power of the Vatican is nowhere felt so completely as here. Not long ago a law was in force prohibiting the importation of any books, periodicals, or news-papers, without the sanction of the Jesuits. All the schools are controlled by the church, and the children know more about the lives of the saints ,than about the geography of their own country. There is not even a good map of Ecuador." 