252 AMERICAN "If the trusts are not too dull to perceive the signifi-cance of this Chandler bill they will mend their ways, moderate their appetites and not provoke the people to ' applaud a proposal which may readily be extended in its application to trusts other than the greedy and defiant, if Strictly businesslike, armor combine." But it is entirely too much to expect that the trusts will moderate their ways because of popular indignation or that the spirit which is separating the Government from the principles of individualism, will stop short of the political despotism which has always been its goal in the past. THE public will please take notice that a " Good Citi ienship " convention is to be held at Nashville, Tenn., May 18-20, for the purpose of providing, among other things, for the placing in public office of " able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating unjust gain." Will all such in the various States please communicate with the meeting, that at the proper time there may be as little delay as possible in filling the offices. (!) Sunday Law in Washington. THE Sunday law forces have won what is reported as a great victory in Whitman County, Wash., the result of which will be, it is said, that "all business houses will re-main closed on Sunday during the next two years." The fulcrum over which the leverage of the Sunday move-ment was obtained, was the saloon. The facts in the case are thus stated by the Spokesman-Review, of, that StateŠ "C9LFAx, April 6.ŠAll business houses in Whitman County will remain closed on Sunday during the next two years. The first case brought by Prosecuting Attorney Matthews to enforce theclosing of all business houses on Sunday was settled yesterday by the defendant pleading guilty and paying a fine of $75 and costs. "When Prosecuting Attorney Matthews was nomi-nated for the office he now holds he promised to enforce all laws upon the statute books regardless of public opin_ ion. During the campaign he and Sheriff Sims announced that if elected they would enforce all laws against immo-rality, and especially the Sunday closing and gambling laws. This was treated by many as campaign thunder and a bid for the church vote, and although again noti-fied when the new officers took their offices the saloons of Colfax were open all day the first Sunday after these men went into office. The second Sunday they did likewise, but detectives visited the various saloons and the next day, Riche , Montgomery, bartender in the New Castle saloon, was arrested for violating Section 210 of the Penal Code. Upon preliminary examination he was bound over in the sura of $300 to appear for trial in the superior court. "The saloon men and many merchants agreed to close their places of business on Sunday, provided no more ar-restswere made, and it was mutually agreed that a test case should be made. Accordingly the town was thor-oughly canvassed for subscriptions to carry the matter  up and quite a large sum was raised. Eminent counsel was employed by the defendant, and one of the leading attorneys of Colfax was employed to go to Olympia and look through the records to see if there was not a defect in the law whereby it could be rendered non-effective. The result was anxiously awaited and a reply was re-cently received by wire that there was no hope. "The defendant, being only an employe of the saloon, desired to leave the State before the case was decided, so a certified check to cover any fine which might be as-sessed, together with all cores, was deposited with the court, and yesterday Mr. Lefrancis, proprietor of the New Castle saloon, appeared in court and on behalf of Mr. Montgomery, asked to be allowed to plead guilty of the charge. He also asked the court to be as lenient as pos-sible, and declared so far as he was concerned there would,  be no further violation of the law. Judge McDonald sen-tenced him to pay a fine of $75 and costs, which he-promptly paid. "This case has been watched with a great deal of in-terest, as upon its result depended the fate of the Sunday closing law. The result is considered a great victory by the friends of the law, while those who opposed it are cor-respondingly dejected. Mr. Matthews says he will enforce the law to the letter during his administration, no matter if every voter in the county signs a remonstrance against its enforcement." The saloon -is no ally of religious liberty, and any fight that is conducted in its interests deserves to be lost. Let the battle for religious freedom be conducted inde- pendently of the saloon altogether. 4 is a Christian cause, and does not deserve to be associated with that which is purely of "the world, the flesh, and the devil." Catholicism in Chile. " THE Rev. Webster E. Browning, Ph. D., writes the following on this subject from Santiago, Chile, to the Herald and Presbyter:Š "In Santiago, when rain was needed, it was once the-custom to take the image of St. Isidore from the church of that name, in a procession, to the cathedral. If rain followed this action, the image was escorted back to his own church with great honor. If no rain came, the image was publicly scourged or shut up.in a room in the cathe-dral which is used as a prison for the refractory saints who refuse to hear prayer. "One of the most important processions of the year that given in honor of the wafer which has been blessed and represents the body of Christ. A procession of .priests,. boys, etc., issues from the cathedral, and to the sound of music proceeds to the central plaza of the city, where altars have been erected for the occasion. The priest who acts as chief at this time carries a tray upon which has. been placed a small wafer. This is carried to the first,  altar, where it is placed, the altar being raised some fifteen feet, and the people bow or fall in adoration be-fore it. "According to the Council. of Trent, the few words pronounced in an unknown tongue, and by a priest whose-character is unknown, over this wafer, have transformed it into the real body and blood of Christ. He is there in that waferŠflesh, bones, skin; hair, muscles, nerves, and. 