106 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. children attending these schools? It is true we hear a great deal about the broad principles of common morality, and of a common religion, but we have never yet had the good fortune to find anybody who was able to give a definition of this common morality or common religion to the per-fect satisfaction of anyone, except perhaps it was the self-conceited author of such definition. " A certain professor of our State Normal School . . . took the ground that the ethics of the ten commandments and the sermon on the mount are as absolutely unsectarian as the law of gravitation.' Now to assume that the commandments and the sermon on the mount are absolutely unsectarian is to assume that people of all religious sects or denominations, as well as all non-religionists, understand them in the same sense, and accept them as coming with the same authority and having the same binding force. " But is it true that people of all religious de-nominations, as well as non-religionists, do under-stand either the ten commandments or the sermon on the mount in the same sense; or as corning with the same authority, or as having the same binding force? We say, No most emphatically, No. Waiving the differences in the various trans- lations of these important parts of the Bible, we shall proceed at once to consider some of the va-rious and conflicting beliefs which have been made to rest for their foundation either upon those ten commandments or upon the sermon on the mount. Take, for example, the commandment, Remember thou keep holy the Sabbath-day,' [the author quotes from the Douay Bible] and we find even Christians differing widely as to whether under the Christian dispensation the keeping holy of Sunday is a sufficient compliance with the requirements of that commandment." " We here state these different views with refer-ence to the above-quoted commandment, not for the purpose of discussing the question as to which are right and which are wrong, but for the pur-pose of showing that such differences exist; and in view of the fact that they do exist, we main-tain that it is impossible for the public school teacher to teach said commandment according to any of said views without violating Section 1672 of our public school law, which declares that 'no sectarian or denominational doctrine must be taught therein.' Perhaps we shall be told that the commandments should be taught just in the words in which we find them, without interpreta-tion or comment. But let us see fbr a moment how this would work. Here is a ten-year-old boy, we will suppose, who has just read from his Bible the command, 'Remember thou keep holy the Sabbath-day.' The boy, being naturally of an inquiring mind, turns to his teacher and asks the very natural question, ' What is the Sabbath-day?' What ought the teacher under such cir-cumstances to say? Ought he to say, I don't know ; or, I am not allowed to tell you, because to te'l you would be sectarian teaching? To such an answer, the boy in his own mind would probably reply, 'Of what earthly use is this com-mand to keep holy the Sabbath-day, if I am not to know what the Sabbath-day is?' And sup-pose that the boy, still pressing his inquiry, asks the further question, In what way am I to keep the Sabbath holy ? What is it necessary to do, and what necessary to abstain from doing, in or-der to obey this commandment ?' Must the teacher again reply, am not allowed to tell you ? ' " if anything in the world is calculated to  bring both the teacher and the Bible into ridi-cule, we think that such teaching as this would surely accomplish that result. . . . " With reference to the sermon on the mount, its different interpretations are no more harmonious than are those of the commandment referred to. Even people professing themselves Christians dif-fer. widely as to whether tliat sermon was a divine or only a human utterance. The Unitarians, for example, not believing in the divinity of Christ, only look upon that sermon as a human produc-tion, while other Christian denominations accept its every word as the infallible teaching of infi-nite wisdom; so that the teacher cannot under-take to tell his pupil in the public school, after reading to him that sermon, whether he is to ac-cept it as the word of God or only as the word of a man, without again invading the realms of de-nominational teaching. And all will admit that there is an infinite difference between the weight to be attached to the language of an all-wise God and even the wisest utterances of a mere man when giving expression to the deductions of his own finite and feeble reason. Then, again, as it is with the interpretation of the commandments so it is with the interpretation of the sermon on the mount. There are many passages in that sermon which are very differently construed by people of different religious denominations. For example, it is there said, Ye have heard that it was said to them of old, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shall perform unto the Lord thine oaths; but I say unto you, swear not at all.' This passage is by many very conscientious peo-ple interpreted as prohibiting the taking of an oath as a witness or otherwise, and hence they never swear, even in our courts of justice, but affirm. "Again it is said in the sermon on the mount, as read in the Douay Bible, If thy right eye scandalize thee, (or as the new version has it, cause thee to stumble') pluck it out and cast it from thee, for it is expedient for thee that one of thy members should perish, rather than that thy whole body go into hell.' Now suppose that some public school teacher, when reading or having read this passage to his pupils, should be asked the question, ' What is the meaning of hell ? ' what answer could he give which would not be sectarian or denominational in its character? How could he so frame a definition of the word ' hell' as to make it acceptable both to the Uni-versalist and the Presbyterian, or the Roman Catholic? "In this same sermon it is said: When thou fastest, anoint thy head and wash thy face that thou appear not to men to fast, but to thy-Father, who is in secret, and thy Father who seeth in secret will repay thee.' Now, if the public school teacher were asked by a pupil whether this pas-sage was to be taken as a divine authority for the practice of fasting, how could he answer this ques-tion without again violating that section of the code which forbids all sectarian or denominational teachings in the public schools ? "Again, Christians of some denominations in-terpret the sermon on the mount as authorizing the absolute dissolution, by divorce, of the valid bonds of matrimony for certain causes, so as to allow one of the divorced parties to marry again during the life of the other, while other Christians maintain that all such second marriages during the lives of both the divorced parties are, mor-ally speaking, invalid and wrong. "Indeed, it would require a volume to point  out all the different interpretations which have been placed upon the ten commandments and the sermon on the mount. How, then, is it possible to teach even these portions of the Bible in the public schools without teaching sectarian or de-nominational doctrine? It certainly would not be called teaching in any other educational insti-tution in the wide world (except it be an Ameri-can public school) to simply cause the pupil to pronounce, like a trained parrot, a certain form of words and at the same time refuse to tell him the meaning of those words. " Our conclusions, then, are these, namely : FirstAhat Washington was right, when he said, Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion.' Second, that the State cannot teach morality without teaching religion as its foundation. Third, that the State cannot teach either morality or religion without either establishing a new re-ligious denomination, or else teaching it as it is taught by some one of the existing denominations. Fourth, that the State can neither teach religion as it is now taught by any existing denomination, nor as it might be taught by a State-begotten de-nomination, without a fatal infringement upon the doctrine of religious liberty; and that, therefore, the true and proper business of the State is not to teach nor to pay for teaching either morality or religion, but to foster and encourage the teach-ing of both, by carefully and scrupulously guard-ing and protecting the equal rights of all citizens to worship God and to educate their children ac-cording to the dictates of their own consciences. " We say, let the State neither undertake to teach nor to pay for the teaching of morality or religion, because it is impossible to teach a State morality without teaching a State religion, and it is impossible to teach State religion without the destruction of the religious liberty of the citizen. Should the State ever assume the burden of pay-ing for religious. teaching, its next step would log-ically be to assume the right to say what that religious teaching should be." 0 0 Muzzled by Rome. IN a recent address before the Congregational Ministers' Meeting in Boston, Professor Townsend, of Boston University, charged that the press of that city is muzzled by the influence of the Catholic Church. Said he:Š " There is not one of the large newspapers of this city that has not been working almost constantly in the interests of Romanism during the several months of the late Protestant-Jesuit controversy. This con-spiracy of the press of Boston to cheat the public of news and facts to which it is entitled is a reproach to our civilization, and deserves the derision and scorn of all honest men." Rev. Makepiece Trueworthy makes the same charge concerning Washington City, and not only so but of every city and indeed of the en-tire work of the Associated Press, and there is every reason to believe that this is true. Just what the people are going to do about it remains to be seen. Professor Townsend declared war against this state of affairs in the following vigor- ous manner:Š " The sword has been drawn, the scabbard has been flung to the winds, the bridges have been torn down, and this controversy cannot come to an end until the hand of this foreign power no longer shall be felt pressing with its withering touch upon jour-nalism and all the free institutions of this country, which are as dear as life itself to every true American citizen." 