"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 7, 1899. NUMBER 48. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoface.) THE Sabbath that depends upon human laws to save it, will certainly be lost. RELIGIOUS questions should be adjusted in the com-munity by religious forces only. .4 .4 "REGARDLESS of consequences" is a vastly better rule of conduct than "regardless of conscience." at THE "Sunday-rest" associations appear to take less rest on Sunday than on any other day of the week. at at IT is a far worse thing to violate justice in the name of law, than to violate law in the name of justice. .4 at No PERSON ever became truly converted without losing all desire to invoke the laws of man against any religion. WHEN zealous church people take their religion into politics, the natural result is that politics get a religious coloring. at THE "Christian" sentiment of a community ought not to be distinguished from other sentiment by the civil law. THE idea of many reforms that are being sought to-day is that of saving the individual from the sins of others. But God's idea is to save an individual from his own sins. That is real salvation and real reform. As THE domain of morality cannot be separated from that of religion, the civil law can as properly require obedience on religious grounds as on moral grounds. Civil government is not qualified to preserve morality, but only to preserve rights. The Principle in the " Robert's Case." The Outlook, in discussing the "Robert's case," says with reference to Mr. Roberts' lately-issued de-fense:Š "He declares that do not go to Washington as a representative of polygamy.' Probably not; but if he goes to Washington, he will be a representative of po-lygamy." An important truth is here stated, which is often lost sight of. Whether Mr. Roberts was chosen to Con-gress in pursuance of a plan to further polygamy in the nation or not, we do not know; but in any case, as a Mormon and believer in polygamy, he will, as The Out-look says, "be a representative of polygamy." He would favor polygamy in any matter in which as a Con-gressman he might have opportunity_ to act, because polygamy is a part of his religious belief. His religion, in short, cannot avoid being represented in his politics. Now let the application of this truth be extended to all classes of religious people. What do they represent, in politics? If Mr. Roberts, going to Congress not as a representative of polygamy, will still represent polyp - arny, what will Methodists, Catholics, and others, in the like position, represent as regards their respective religious views? If the Catholic, or the Presbyterian, 