298 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. fit to differ from the members of the Federation in regard to the observance of a day for the worship of their God. As well might the Federation of Trades boycott? our Jewish citizens for refusing to observe this same so-called ' Sabbath' for religious purposes. " The Seventh-day Adventists, against whom this ' boycott ' is mainly directed, are peaceable, law-abid-ing, honest, indlhstrious citizens, earning a livelihood in their own way, fully within the pale of the copsti-tution of this State and calkttry; and they are thus for-tified against organized conspiracy by men who, in thus threatening their fellow-citizens with the cow-ardly and tyrannical `boycott,' remove their cause entirely outside the sympathy and' beyond the sup-port of any decent community where 'patriotism and a sense of justice' prevail. Now let the ' boy-cott ' proceed." The boycott is a relic of the Inquisition, when that wicked despotism chose to curse everybody who didn't yield to the dictation of the pope, and then to curse everybody who wouldn't curs'  these. It is a proper thing that a Pope should be at the head of this thing in Oakland, because the very principle of the thing is popish. The real true popery of this act is clearly exposed in the fact that this Pope plainly stated in his let-ter to the owners of the Guide that he was 'not officially instructed to write' to them on the mat- ter, thus showing that his action was wholly an arbitrary assumption of power. This popery is also revealed in his insisting that the owners of the Guide should take their work away from the Pacific Press, when there was no other place to take it. In other words, insisting that they should abolish their publication, stop their business; and all to conform to the arbitrary wish of these unions as expressed by this Pope. If the unions have any respect for themselves they would do well to canonize this Pope and "fire" him, and with him all the popish ways and principles that have hitherto too closely attached to trades union- ism. A. T. J. He Withdrew Himself. TILE State Convention of the Woman's Chris- tian Temperance Union of Minnesota was held at Duluth, September 11 and 12. The following extract from the speech of the president, Mrs. H. A. Hobart, sets forth the aims of the W. C. T. U. It can be depended on, for it was copied from her manuscript:Š " If the interest and welfare of the people and their advancement in social, civil, and religious power, with their growth, manufactories, commerce, agriculture, arts and sciences, have any place in the policy of this government, and our life nationally is not to be a farce and travesty, a sort of political comedy played for the benefit of the few hundred millionaires and monopolists, then the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is right in standing as it does ' with malice to-ward none and charity for all,' using every item of influence which it possesses for the upbuilding of righteousness in the prohibition of the legalized liq-uor traffic by whatever political party has the cour-age and manhood to do it. " But what political party shall thus lead for ' God and home and humanity' ? Has it been born ? Has it a name ? With what radiant entablature shall it come forth ramifying all parties, and uniting not only the memories of the blue and the gray in our sweet dream of peace,' but moulding all the manhood and womanhood of the North and South in marshaled force and power against the common foe of each ? Whatever name such a party shall bear, or wherever it shall appear, one or two facts in reference to its ad-vent are self-evident. This coming party, the advo-cate of truth and righteousness, of the equality of the sexes before the law with one code of morals for men and women, will be the child of the Prohibition party and Woman's Christian Temperance Union ; and its most royal, inflexible, and foremost principles of platform will be the recognition of God in the govern-ment, and the constitutional prohibition of the liq-uor traffic, and everything that degrades humanity. " While we wait for the coming of such a party, what are the W. C. T. U. doing. Will they who by prayer and faith and well-directed effort made the coming of such a party a moral certainty, rest on the record of past achievement? Oh no ! A thousand times no. They are praying more earnestly and in-stantly. They are studying God's word more care-fully. They are instructing the children in scientific temperance more diligently. They are bearing to the prisoners and to the victims of strong drink words of help and hope. They are securing these brands from the burning more tenderly, as with mother love they lead them to the crucified One. They are mastering the mysteries of State statute laws and unraveling the labyrinths of man-made penal codes. . . . But when the influence of the blessed gospel shall have permeated lands and climes and lives, and like the leaven which you know a woman took and hid in three measures of meal until the whole was leavened,Šthen when Christ shall be king of this world's customs and commerce, king of its revenues and its resources, king of its farms and its factories, king of its mints and mines, king of its press and its politics, king of its courts, its judges, its juries, and its laws, then shall we, in our sun-bright home in the glory land, begin to have some idea of the greatness of this foundation work, this Woman's Christian Temperance Union work to which God has called us. Then too shall we have some apprecia-tion of the value of that unflinching determination of some men of to-day who, rising above all selfish considerations, labor, and pray, and vote for a pure political party. So by God's grace we are doing the very work that none could do, and which angels might well desire to do." This repeats and enlarges somewhat in the matter of particulars, Miss Willard's declaration a few years ago that " Christ shall be this world's king." They seem determined, just like those worldly-minded and politically-ambitious people of old, to take him by force and make him king. These women should draw lessons now from the fact that then he withdrew himself from them (John 6: 15); and the more clamorous are their efforts to make him king the further he will with- draw himself. And, too, Mrs. Hobart thinks that in this they are doing a work which angels might desire, to do. It may be so; but if it is so it must be "the angels which kept not their first estate." A. T. J. Ł Mr. Small on Church and State. UNDER the heading, "No Steps Backward," the Voice, in its issue of August 8, had the follow-ing:Š In a recent issue of The Voice, we called attention to some very foolish things uttered by the AMERICAN SENTINEL, a paper published at Oakland, Cal., which devotes itself to getting up religious bugaboos. It made the childish statement that "work done for party Prohibition is work done to promote the union of Church and State, and to bind the citizens of the United States in a worse slavery than was ever suf-fered by the negroes ; " and then, in reply to our article showing just where the Prohibition party stood, it said:Š "The Voice says it has `never heard of a prominent Prohibitionist who favored the union of Church and State.' Now Mr. Sam. Small is a prominent Prohibi-tionistŠone of the most prominent of Prohibitionists in fact. He was secretary of the National Prohibition Convention of 1888, and he publicly declared this in Kansas City in January of that year :Š " ' I want to see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, national, and municipal; when the great churches of the coun-try can come together harmoniously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it and enact it into laws.' " If that would not be a union of Church and State, will The Voice please tell us what would be? If that would not be a union of Church and State, then there never has been and never can be any such thing as a union of Church and State. Such a thing as that, therefore, being a union of Church and State, and Mr. Sam. Small being a prominent Prohibitionist, it is  proved that there is at least one prominent Prohibi-tionist who favors a union of Church and State." Thinkino. Mr. Small the most competent person to speak for Mr. Small, we inclosed the article to him and asked him to state his opinions on the union of Church and State, which he does as follows :Š "To The VoiceŠThe representation of the AMERICAN SENTINEL that I favor a union of Church and State is wholly an invention of the enemy. The extract he quotes from a partial report of a sermon I preached in Kansas City in January, 1888, is sufficiently correct. to mislead; not exact enough, however, to convey the thought which I clearly expressed and which, at the time, secured the approval of an audience of thousands, the large majority of which was not made up of `third party' prohibitionists. If the AMERICAN SENTINEL desires to do me and the Prohibition party justice, I can repeat my thoughts as clearly now as I did on the occasion in question. " The quotation from my sermon should read as follows :Š " I want to see the day come in the history of our country when the voice of the church of Christ will be heard and respected upon all vital, moral issues. I shall ever hope for and patiently expect the day when legislation, State, national, and municipal, will be projected in harmony with the eternal principle of justice and righteousness, revealed by Christ and proclaimed by his church. Happy will be the day when "righteousness exalts the nation," when sin is no longer the reproach of our people ; when the har-monious judgment of the people of God in America upon the issues of temperance, purity, and upright-ness shall be received with respect and enacted into laws ; when this people, who owe so much to the divine favor, will have no more fellowship with the " throne of iniquity," "which frameth mischief by a law," and that continually!' " I hold that the above expressions are in perfect harmony with the principles of the National Prohibi-tion party, as expressed in its preamble and platform. There is in them no warrant for any sane man to pronounce me an advocate of the `union of Church and State.' The charge is a device of desperation to compass an argument against the Prohibition party. At the same time it is a fraud upon the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, or a queer confession of the idi-ocy of its constituency. "Yours truly, SAM. W. SMALL." If any person's superstitious fears have been wrought upon by stories of the spooks of the Dark Ages, he may rest assured that the Prohibition party isn't going to revive any of them. The wheels of civilization don't turn backward. The extract referred to was published in the SENTINEL a long time ago. It was taken from a religious paper, one that could have no interest in misquoting Mr. Small, therefore we were war-ranted in supposing that it was correct. ' The SENTINEL has never knowingly misrepresented a single person. But in this case we are happy to learn from Mr. Small's own version that the SENTINEL did not do him any injustice. While he did not use the exact words that were attributed to him in the report which the SENTINEL quoted, he did use language which conveys all that we drew from what we supposed were the exact words. Said he, "I want to see the day come in the his-tory of our country when the voice of the church of Christ will be heard and respected upon all vital moral issues." Mr. Small will not deny that his idea was that the voice of the church should be heard and respected not simply by men as individuals, but by men as grouped to-gether in political parties, and by men as states- men, judges, etc. Now we say that when that time does come, we shall have a union of Church and State as surely as such a thing ever existed. It will simply be the church dictating, and we say thechurch has no right to be heard and re-spected by political parties as such. In the darkest of the Dark. Ages, when Church and State union was at its height, the case was simply that the voice of the church was heard and respected 