E RI CAN SENTINEL_ 151 the pockets of her subjects, her newspapers shrieking that with such an increase of French armament, the destruc-tion of the German Empire is threatened. Accordingly, she will, it is reported, expend fifty million dollars in new quick-firing guns, of her own model, the largest isolated expenditure on war material yet known, and will, in ad-dition, create new infantry regiments and reorganize her battalions and brigades. This expansion of armaments will, it is held, necessitate a large increase of war prepay ation on the part of Austria, which cannot, or will think she cannot, lose her place in the unending race toward war without risks too heavy to bear. So the struggle goes on, every nation having a lurk-ing fear that it is approaching the end of its resources, yet so oppressed with jealousy and fear that it is unwill-ing to lighten in any particular the crushing burden of armor it carries. There is not a government that has any confidence in its neighbors, or any feeling of security though armored to the toes, and so continues its prepar-ations as if war were only a question of to-morrow, and was certainly one of next year. Every one of them knows that but for their jealousies, which are not policies upon the maintenance of which their existence depends, but only vulgar jealousies, they might save annually hundreds of millions of money and release two millions of men for the arts of peace; but not one of them is willing to trust the other. And the worst feature of it all is that there is no probability of any change, for the nations which have struggled on in this way for twenty years can do so for twenty years more, and will do so until some cure for their fears not yet suggested has been found. A war which would kill off a whole generation of men and set the clock of civilization back fifty years might bring back the reign of common sense, though we are not hopeful. As for universal arbitration and disarmament, it is a mere dream of enthusiasts. IN his inaugural address, President McKinley said :Š "The great essential to our happiness and prosperity is that we adhere to the principles upon which the Gov-ernment was established, and insist upon their faithful observance." No more truthful utterance could have been made; and we trust it will be kept in mind by the President and also by Congress when they are being urged, as they certainly will be, to depart from those principles by en-acting the so-called "Christian" amendment to the Con-stitution, which would incorporate the "revealed will of Jesus Christ" into the civil law of the land. "The prin-ciples upon which the Government was established" separate the State from religion; and they were adopted not because the men who established the Government were irreligious, for they were not; but because they had read and profited by the lessons of history upon that point, and had too much respect for the Christian religion to be willing to see it drawn into the arena of political  contention. They believed in religious liberty, which means equality for all religions before the law. Shall this fundamental principle of our Government now be set aside? The attitude‚  of Congress and the President to-ward the "Christian" amendment will furnish the answer to this question. The Practical Side of It. IT may seem to many that there is nothing more than theory in the discussion carried on by the SENTINEL touching the Church-and-State tendencies which are seen to-day in the American Government. In their own minds at least such have no doubt queried whether these al-leged dangers are likely to bear any tangible fruits. The answer to this query is given in the following figures taken from the biennial report of President Moon, of the International Religious Liberty Association, covering the period from March 4, 1895, to the present date:Š IMPRISONMENTS OF SEVENTH-DAY OBSERVERS FOR RE- FUSAL TO KEEP SUNDAY. Name of Defendant. Days. Place. A. Cathay 54 Dayton, Tenn. H. C. Leach 44 B. Terry  D. Plumb  W. J. Kerr 55  M. Morgan  C. B. Moyers W. S. Burchard 54  J. M. Hall 55  R. R. Whaley 30 Church Hill, Md. J. W. Beall 5 Fresno, Cal. R. R. Whaley 28 Church Hill, Md. J. Mathews  Ontario. J. W. Lewis 129 Tiptonville, Tenn. P. M. Howe 40 Chatham, Ont. W. Simpson 4‚ W. S. Lowry 28 Tipton ville, Tenn. J. H. Dowdy 0. Wilson  C. A. Gordon 14 Little,  Rock, Ark. Mrs. C. A. Gordon  G. W. Colcord 34 Dayton, Tenn. M. C. Sturdevant LC it W. Burchard  D. C. Plumb  E. S. Abbott  I. C. Colcord 18 H. Burchard  W. J. Kerr CC W. Wolf  Total, 1,144 No account is made in this of the temporary confine-ment of the above and other defendants during the pro-cess of their respective trials. The arrests by States and Territories for this period are as follows : Alabama, 1; Arkansas, 3; California, 1 Georgia, 1; Illinois, 9; Maryland, 10; Mississippi, 2; CC CC 