MIERICAN SENTINEL.. 59 to be Christianity shall secure control of the Government and with governmental power enforce its notions upon the people, we shall have fulfilled the prediction of Rev. 13:11-15. The power described in this Scripture is termed in Rev. 19:20, " The False Prophet." It will be such because it will profess to represent Christianity when it is nothing of the kind. It will be "The False Prophet" in that it will deceive the people into receiving its doc-trines and professions as Christianity, when in fact the whole combination will be antichristian and nothing but the living image of antichrist. "None of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand." Pure Anarchy. " EXCEPT the State be born again, it cannot see the kingdom of God." This statement is conspicuously in-scribed upon the official organ of the "Christian Citizen-ship League," and is credited to a "professor" of "applied Christianity" in a western college. It is the doctrine that Christianity can be applied to the StateŠthat Jesus Christ is the Saviour of the State as well as of the individual.. There is but one way of salvation, and that is by being "born again," as the Saviour explained to Nicodemus. Supposing then that the State could be "born again," what would result? It would have to manifest the spirit of Christ, which would necessitate that it forgive its enemies; and forgive them not once merely, nor "until seven times," but "until seventy times seven." Matt. 18:21, 22. So as often as the trespasser.against the State might say, when brought into court, "I re-pent,". the State would be obliged to forgive him, and discharge the debt! Could any arrangement better suit the desires of the criminal classes ? or more quickly and thoroughly destroy the whole structure of civil govern-ment? Could any doctrine be more thoroughly anar-chistic? These questions answer themselves. And yet it is actually a fact that this doctrine is, in this very land of enlightened government, now held and advocated by nearly all the leading religious societies! And those who would warn the people against it are de-nounced as anarchists! A. FEATURE of recent Congressional proceedings at the National Capitol, was an amendment offered by Sen-ator Morgan to the Immigration bill, which would oblige all immigrants to this country, before acquiring citizen-ship, to be able to read the Ten Commandments. In de-fending his proposed measure, which he affirmed was in-troduced "in no spirit of levity," Senator Morgan said he was actuated by "the most serious intention of mak-ing every man who comes to the test to acquire American citizenship show before the officer, the Judge who admits him, that he knows the foundations of the Christian reli-gion as they are taught in the Ten Commandments."  He then referred to "the Christian sabbath, which is ob-served in this country from end to end and enforced by State laws and even by the laws of the United States Government," as an evidence that "we continually rec-ognize in all our . . . political, national and State relations, and relations to the laws of our country, the great underlying foundation" of these commandments. Would the senator oblige immigrants to read Sunday, or first day of the week, into the fourth commandment? When the senator' himself is so'blind with respect to the Decalogue as to think that it enjoins the observance of Sunday, is he well qualified to lead the blind in the path which it marks out? When the blind lead the blind, they must both fall into the ditch. When the people of this country allow their legislators to set themselves up as their religious amides they are not far from disaster. In and Around the Capitol. From our Washington Correspondent. THE people of the city of Washington are fully aware that Wilbur F. Crafts is here with all his methods. On Sunday afternoon, the 18th inst., a so-called mass meet-ing was held in the Metropolitan M. E. Church. The at-tendance did not exceed two hundred people. At the close of the meeting the people were requested to vote to Dr. Crafts and his associates the right to petition Con-gress for the passage of the District Sunday Bill. Some of the people voted and some did not; but the vote was declared unanimous. It was not stated whether Dr. Crafts wanted to represent one hundred or one thou-sand. The same scene was enacted in the evening of the same day at another church of the city, where the at-tendance did not reach one hundred. The vote was taken by a show of hands and many did not vote, but as before the vote was declared unanimous. Since there was no limit placed on the power to petition, it is only fair to surmise that Dr. Crafts will use it to the full extent of his ability. It is wonderful how these people can pile up petitions by their plan of "representative petitioning." For an example, we have only to call to mind the record of the petitions for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, when the vote of the churches enabled these men to rep-resent more people in some States than the entire popu-lation of the State; so that they represented the increase of population to the present time. From the beginning already made, we may expect to witness quite as great results as in the past. If the pas-tors of the different churches where the so-called mass meetings are being held, are only willing to open their church list, the Sunday-school list, the W. C. T. U. list, and the list of names of those that belong to the Young People's societies, regardless of whether they attended the. mass meeting or not, the list of petitioners will be a large 