AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 worship. There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the State and given an advan-tage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, a persecu-tion; and if based upon religious grounds, a religious persecution. The extent of the discrimination is not ma-terial to the principle; it is enough that it creates an ine-quality of right or privilege. "2. Compulsory support, by taxation or otherwise, of religious instruction. Not only is no one denomina-tion to be favored at the expense of the rest, but all support of religious instruction must be entirely vol-untary. It is not within the sphere of government to coerce it. "3. Compulsory attendance upon religious worship. Whoever is not led by choice or a sense of duty to attend upon the ordinances of religion is not to be compelled to do so by the State. It is the province of the State to enforce, so far as it may be found practicable, the obli-gations and duties which the citizen may be under or may owe his fellow citizen or to society; but those which spring from the relations between himself and his Maker are to be enforced by the admonitions of the conscience, and not by the penalties of human laws. Indeed, as all real worship must essentially and necessarily consist in the free-will offering of adoration and gratitude by the creature to the Creator, human laws are obviously inad-equate to incite or compel those internal and voluntary emotions which shall induce it, and human penalties at most could only enforce the observance of idle ceremo-nies, which, when unwillingly performed, are alike value-less to the participants and devoid of all the elements of true worship. "4. Restraints upon the free exercise of religion ac-cording to the dictates of the conscience. No external authority is to place itself between the finite being and the Infinite when the former is seeking to render the homage that is due, and in a mode which commends it-self to his conscience and judgment as being suitable for him to render, and acceptable to its object." The Bible, Protestantism, and Papacy. TRUE PROTESTANTISM IS BIBLICAL. BY S. B. HORTON. TOUCHING the principles of Protestantism the church historian Dowling says:Š "The Bible, I say, the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants. Nor is it of any account in the estimation of the genuine Protestant, how early a doctrine origin-ated, if it is not found in the Bible. . . . The consis-tent and true-hearted Protestant, standing upon this rockŠ'the Bible and the Bible only,' can admit no doc-trine upon the authority of tradition; . . . he who receives a single doctrine upon the mere authority of tradition, let him be called by what name he will, by so doing, steps down from the Protestant rock, passes over the line which separates Protestantism from papacy, and can give no valid reason why he should not receive  all the earlier doctrines and ceremonies of Romanism, upon the same authority." We have learned, moreover, that the protest of April 19, 1529, dealt with not only the question of the suffi-ciency of Holy Scriptures, but with another and very vital point, that of interpretation; viz., "that each text of the Holy Scriptures ought to be explained by other and clearer texts." Upon these two essential features the protest is in strict accord with the Bible. Note these Scriptures:Š "But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; and that from a child thou hast learned the Holy Scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Je-sus. All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughlyfurnished unto all good works." 2 Tim. 3:14-17. "I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Chris*, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom; preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, re-buke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine." 2 Tim. 4:1, 2. "We have also a more sure word of proph-ecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn and the day star arise in your hearts; knowingthis first, that no prophecy of the Scripture is of any private inter-pretation." 2 Peter 1:19, 20. That these features of true Protestantism, the suffi-ciency and self-interpreting of Holy Scriptures, are tacitly advocated more or less by Protestant sects, we have but to refer to their published literature composing creeds, confessions, articles of religion, etc. We quote from a few leading denominations. The Baptist "Articles of Faith," say:Š "We believe that the Holy Bible was written by men divinely inspired, and is a perfect treasure of heavenly instruction; that it has God for its author, salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture of error for its matter; that it reveals the principles by which God will judge us; and therefore is, and shall remain to the end of the world, the true center of Christian union, and the su-preme standard by which all human conduct, creeds, and opinions should be tried." The Methodist Discipline and the Protestant Episco-pal Church articles of religion teach alike on the suffi-ciency of Holy Scriptures, as follows:Š "Art. V., par. 7.ŠThe Holy Scriptures contain all things necessary to salvation; so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should be believed as an article of faith, or be thought necessary to salvation. In the name of the Holy Scriptures we do understand those canonical books of the Old and New Testaments of whose authority was never any doubt in the church." The Protestant Episcopal Church adds to this funda-mental article one on the subject of the authority of the church:Š 