ME AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 admits this when it says, " There are multi-tudes of laboring men who will not stand on the Socialist platform and who will be power-fully attracted to any party that declares for the .fearless and uniform application of the law.of God to civil affairs." The acceptance of the' gospel is necessarily an acceptance of the entire Bible, the moral law included, for the apostle Peter, speaking of the word of God, says : " This is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you." 1 Peter 1 : 25. The solo business of the church is to teach the gospel; therefore it' is the church's duty to declare for the "fearless and uniform application of the law of God," not ',only to civil affaii's but to every affair in-life. Thus the Lord,:Speaking to the church through ' the 'prophet " Cry' aloud, spare , not, lift,up thY veice 'like: a trumpet, and show My people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins." Isaiah 58 :1. The church was established for the express purpose of ":1olding forth the word of life " and teaching obedience to the law of God, at the same time that it announces pardon for sins already coin-Mittech. If it 'does its duty it teaches men how to'-'regulate their conduct toward one an-other, by announcing Christ's summary of the second table of the decalogue : " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them"." The church is not only the body that is ap-pointed to teach the application of the law of God to 'human affairs, but it is the only power to which this duty has been committed. Moreover, it is the best adapted for the carry-ing 'on of this work; because it addresses itself to the individual, and not to ,mankind as a whole. If it were possible to entirely convert Men from Socialistie ideas, then the church, dealing as it does with individuals, would pre-sent the most feasible plan of work. For if each Socialist were converted, Socialism would be at 'an' end.Š  We do not wish to be under-SteOd as claiming that the church-  should be expected to convert all men, for the Bible ex-pressly declares that Vat few will find the narrow way leading to life. But we do say that as far as any progress is made in bring-ing men to the acceptance of the law of God, it must be made by the church. A political party with a religious platform would simply be trying to do the work which the church is set to do. The Statesman says that such a party would draw multitudes Of laboring men who will not stand on the Socialist platform. If that be true, why are they not drawn to the church? The answer is simply because they do not care for the law of God, but for their own selfish aims. If therefore they were drawn to such a political party it would be because they could gain political preferment. We should think that for professed Chris-tians to announce that the work which should be done by the church can be done only by political parties would be a humiliating con-fession. When the church itself applies to the civil power for aid, it acknowledges that it has lost its own power; the spirit of the gos-pel, has departed from it, and the salt, has lost its saver. They may seem to' get .what they desire, namely, the peace 'of the millennium,  but it will be only the shell with a blasted kernel inside. If the church has lost its power to convert men, of what use will a "religious" party be? "If the salt have lost its savor, wherewith-shall it be salted?" E. J. W. An Image of the Papacy. IN the Pittsburg National Reform Conven-tion of 1885, President Brunot said:Š "The First Amendment of the Constitution which provides that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;' was never intended to de-Christianize the nation, as some now hold, but,' on the contrary, was meant to keep it Christian and free. First, by guarding against the establishment of a church or sect; and second, against restrictive legislation in case the power to enact laws should fall into the hands of the enemies of all religion."ŠChristian Statesman, April 30, 1885. Very good. It is plain therefore that any interference or change in that amendment would tend to de-Christianize the nation, and to prevent its being free. As that amend- ment guards against the establishment of a church, to change the amendment would open the way for the establishment of a church. As that amendment guards against restrictive legislation by the enemies of all religion, should they have the power to legis- late so, to change the amendment would open the way for the enemies of all religion to restrict or abolish the practice of the Chris- tian religion in this nation. But to change that amendment and so to open the way for these evils, is precisely what that association, of which Mr. Brunot is presi-dent, proposes to do. Thus says " Secretary " W. J. Coleman:Š " The first sentence of Article I of Amend-ments reads: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' This would be made consistent with the proposed [National Reform] amendment by substitut-ing the words a church ' for' religion,' making it read, Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of a church.' This is what the Reform Association believes should be the rule in a rightly constituted State. There should be religion, but no church."ŠStatesman, November 1, 1883. By their own words, then, it is clearly the purpose of the National Reform Association to reverse the First Amendment of the United States Constitution so as to allow Congress to make laws respecting an establishment of religion, and prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Therefore it stands proven that the work of the National Reform Association is to open the way for "the establishment of a chufch or sect," and for the destruction of the freedom of this nation. For (1), The State recognition-of Christian- ity in lawŠboth Constitutional, and statutory Šand the making of la-Ws respecting and en-forcing the principles of that religion, is that which the National Reform Association pro-poses to accomplish. But that is precisely what Constantine did in the fourth century, and out of it grew the ..Papacy. And just as surely as the National Reformers succeed in doing with Christianity in thiS nation, what Constantine did with it in the. Roman State,  so surely will it follow that out of their action will grow the living image of the Papacy. Nothing can prevent it, becauseŠ (2) In the clay when,- by their proposed change in the First Amendment of the Con-stitution, the National Reformers put it into the power and make it the province of Con-gress to make laws respecting religion, dr pro-hibiting its free exercise; that very day they open wide the gates and give free course to the enemies of all religion, and to the enemies of Christianity in particular, just as soon as they can secure the power to make laws re-stricting or even prohibiting the free exercise of the Christian religion. And when the way is thus opened for the en-emies of the Christian religion to oppress it, as soon as they can secure the power, everybody knows that they will secure the power at the earliest possible moment. Everybody also knows that the enemies of Christianity have no compunctions of conscience in the matter, and that they will leave no means unemployed, that they will stop at nothing, to secure the coveted power. Therefore, if the National Reformers will maintain their cause in the conflict which they shall thus have opened, they will have to do it upon the field which they themselves have chosenŠthe field of pol-iticsŠand with the weapons which their en-emies shall choose. They will have to meet political power with political power; they will have to meet force with force; bribery with bribery; intrigue with intrigue; chican-ery with chicanery; hypocrisy with hypocrisy. This they will be compelled to do or else lose all they shall have gained, as scion as they shall have gained it. This is precisely the course -through which the Papacy was developed.. And the long and constant practice of these bad methods, which the. bishop of Rome was compelled to employ if the Christianity which he repre-sented was to hold its position against its en-emies and the ambitious rivals of its powerŠthe practice of these bad methods it was which made the Papacy what it isŠ" the very mas-ter-piece of human wisdom," and the most complete of all contrivances that have ever been " devised for deceiving and oppressing mankind." And if the National Reformers succeed in securing the changes in our Con-stitution which they propose; then by the practice of these bad methods-  which they will be compelled to employ to successfully cope with the enemies of the Christian ,religion, there will be developed in free America a per-fect likeness of the Papacy. On the other hand, having secured those changes in the Constitution; having empow-ered Congress to make laws respecting relig-ion; and having entered upon this political contest to determine what kind of a Congress it shall be which shall make the laws respect-ing religion; then if the National Reformers do not employ the like methods with their political opponents, they will be defeated, the seats in Congress will be filled with the ene-mies of religion, and so the Christian religion in free America, its happiest home on earth,' will be sold into the hands of its bitterest en-emies, waiting to destroy. 