32 THE A NIEEICAN SENTINEL. e Anricieat2 geONel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL, 1888. Nors.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENIINEL to people, who have not subscribed for it. If the. SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he nsayjinow that it is:sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IN his revival services in Kansas City, last January, "Sam" Jones said one day :Š " One reason why I favor woman suffrage is because we would have more Christian voters if the women were allowed to vote." True enough, but would we not have more tin-Christian voters too? If not, why not? Not all of the women in the United States are Christians, by any means. The truth is, that 'there are a great many more women in the United States who are not Christians, than there are who are Christians. And al-though it is true that to give women the ballot, will give more Christian voters, it is equally true that there will be more un-Christian voters also, and in the end the matter would not be helped at all. His-tory does not present women-politicians in any better light then it does men-politicians. Ł 4. IN a sermon at Kansas City, January 22, "Sam" Small, in speaking of our country said :Š " From Maine and Massachusetts, to Georgia, all along the coast, the characters of the set-tlements gave it as one of their objects to glo-rify God, and forward his kingdom. . . . Then the heresy of hell took hold of a hand-ful of people, and they made a Constitution, and left God entirely out of it." We had thought to make some comments on this,'but to brand as "the heresy of hell," the action of George Washington, James Mad-ison, Alexander Hamilton, and the other noble makers of the United States Constitu-tion, is sufficient of itself to render infamous the whole complaint which the speaker makes against the Constitution. Mr. Small is an evan-gelist and a great revivalist; now here is a conundrum : If the religion which he inculcates is compatible with such defamation as the above, then how much better off would this Nation be, if such religion should become National? We give it up. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Marion County, Missouri, in convention assembled at Palmyra, in that State, "resolved " that,Š " We believe the very same condemnation and punishment should be visited upon man as upon woman for violation of the moral law." So do we, and more than that, we know that it will be, for the Author of the moral law has said that "there is no respect of per-sons with God." What could have led these excellent Christian women to think that the same condemnation and punishment might not be visited upon man as upon woman for violation of the moral law, when the word of God is so plain on the subject? Do they  suppose the Lord is going to prove recreant, and that it is therefore necessary for them to remind him of his duty? We suspect, how-ever, that they have fallen into the dangerous error of believing that it is within the prov-ince of civil government to punish violation of the moral law, and they are contemplat-ing the taking of God's work into their own hands. 0. Ł Ł IN the February SENTINEL, it will be re-membered that we asked Mr. W. T. McCon-nell " to show any commandment of God for keeping Sunday." We do not intend for a moment to convey the idea that we would not be opposed to civil Jaws enforcing its ob-servance, even though it were commanded by the law of Gad. This was simply an argu-mentum ad hominem. We would be just as much opposed to civil laws enforcing the ob-servance of Sunday, or any other day, even though it were commanded by the law of God, as we are as it is. Our opposition to Sunday laws is from principle and not from partisanship. The principle is that the civil power has no right to enforce the observance of any religious institution, of any kind what-ever; nor to enforce any duty as a command-ment of God. Yet, as against this principle, the Sunday institution is doubly weak : First it is wholly an ecclesiastical institution, and secondly, there is no commandment of God for it. And as the National Reformers propose to enforce the keeping of Sunday as a com-mandment of God, of course it is perfectly in order for us to call for the commandment, while at the same time we would oppose civil laws enforcing it, even though there were a commandment of God for it. Not a Christian Nation. IT would be difficult to use language in a looser way than by calling this "a Christian Nation." In all the Nation there is not a single town, nor a village even, in which the people are all Christians. A single family in which all are Christians is seldom found; and indi-vidual Christians are not abundant. We do not say these things to find fault; we are sim-ply stating the facts in the case, as every person knows who looks at things as they are. Let any person anywhere in the land honestly ask himself the question, and honestly answer it, How many of my immediate neighbors and acquaintances actually show in the works of a godly life that they are real, consistent Christians? In the face of facts as they are, the answer only can be, Very few. How many are really separate from the world, and con-formed to the will of Christ? Take even the churches themselves, and everybody knows, and the churches them-selves confess, that many of their members will not bear the test of the precepts of Christ. Many of them love the opera or the circus more than they love the prayer-meetings ; and the :excursion more than the services of the church; and the newspaper more than the sermon; and pleasure more than God; and the world more than Christ. Then, while it is thus with the church, where is the sense  of calling the Nation, Christian ? and while the church is so nearly half full of worldlings, what is the use of talking about this being a Christian Nation ? The trouble is that they put .upon the term " Christian " a construction so loose that there is scarcely any discernible distinction between many of those who bear it and those who don't, and then spread the term over the whole mass, and thus they have a " Christian " Nation. But 'so long as the term " Christian " means what the word of God meansŠso long as it means strict conformity to the precepts of ChristŠjust so long it will be that this is not, and cannot be, a Christian Nation, except by each individual's becoming a Christian by an abiding, working faith in Christ. A Wicked Question. A CERTAIN "W. J. C." wrote to the Interior lately, from Gravel Hill, North Carolina, as follows:Š " DEAR INTERIOR: I would like very much to have your views upon the legality of allow-ing heathen temples to be erected in this country, as I see they have such things in some places, and hear of no efforts being put forth to prevent them. Is our Constitution so flexible that it can be made to bend to suit =every shade of invention of the devil? There is a vast difference between religious worship and idolatry. I do not think the Lord is well pleased with it, and are we not encouraging it by allowing it, and becoming therefore a party to the crime? Ought not the attention of the Government to be called to it, with a view to its suppression? " And some people seem to think the spirit of the Inquisition is dead ! Mr. " W. J. C." ought to be told that however flexible our Constitution may be it cannot yet be bent to suit that worst of all the "inventions of the devil,"Šreligious persecution, and the despot-ism of religious bigotry which is so hard for "W. J. C." and his kind even now to restrain. We are glad to see that the Interior has the right view of the matter. It answers the question thus :Š "Undoubtedly every man in this country has a constitutional right to worship God, or any god, or no god, as he pleases ; so long as he does so in an orderly way. Freedom of worship cannot be legally denied." It is not every religious paper in the land that sees the matter so clearly. THE reign of Constantine bears witness that the State which seeks to advance Christianity by the worldly means at its command, may be the occasion of more injury to this holy cause than the earthly power which opposes it with whatever virulence.ŠNeancler. THE ANIKRICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so fax as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. - It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single. Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Rs. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 