 182       body,which is the church, was given to another,Ša "man of sin,"-that he might sit in the "temple of God," and so manifest his authority as God. 2 Thess. 2:3,4. The dominant pagan element which was thus brought into the church, improved the opportunity afforded it to enjoin upon the church by civil law its own festival day as the day of public worship. It mattered not that the civil edict enjoining this observance of the day recognized it as simply the "venerable day of the sun." The church was so intent on enthroning the civil power as the con-servator of their religious interests, that the majority readily accepted the sun's day as the Christian day of rest. Two years after the promulgation of his famous sun's day edict, Constantine professed conversion to Christian-ity. But like other pagans who had nominally accepted Christianity, he refused to surrender the day so long ded-icated to sun worship, and so brought the heathen holi-day forward as a fitting day of rest under Christian wor-ship. Nicephorus declares that the emperor, considering himself the head of the church equally with the bishop, "directed that the day which the Jews considered the first day of the week, and which the Greeks dedicated to the sun. should be called the Lord's day."--Quoted in Elliott's Hone Apocalyptic, fifth edition, vol. 4, p. 603. Sylvester, then bishop of Rome, undertook the task -of adapting the day to the needs of the church. The first step in this direction was to bestow officially upon it a name more in keeping for the place designed for it to fill in the Christian economy. Accordingly, by his "apos-tolic" authority, and with the approval of Constantine, he conferred upon it, on behalf of the church, the solemn title of "Lord's day."ŠHistoria, Ecclesiastica, per M. Lu- Łclovicum Lucium, cent. 4, chap. 10, pp. 739, 740. With such eminent support, there was no difficulty in giving the day of the sun a prominent place in the church, -especially since so many within its fold at that time had previously held the day sacred to the sun. They had not advanced far enough in Christian life to see why that day, formerly devoted to heathen ceremonies, should not find a place in Christian worship. In fact, as already shown in a previous article, the beginning of that century had witnessed the church adopting the rites and ceremonies of the sun-worshiping nations in order to draw them into the church. It is therefore no marvel that, when the pagan element became the dominant one, it should try to graft 'the day formerly devoted to idol deities onto the Christian religion. But such a movement could not fail to provoke a protest from what had perhaps hitherto been a some-what passive element in the church. The controversy which followed attracted the serious attention of those in authority, who sought to settle the matter. The 'Council of Laodicea was convened in A. D. 364, and the question was considered. William Prynne, an English author of considerable prominence, in his "Dissertations -on the Lord's day Sabbath," pp. 33, '34, gives a portion -of the twenty-ninth canon of that council, which shows the animus of the church at that time toward the Sab-bath, and toward those who preferred to observe it:Š "Because Christians ought not to Jtdaize, and to rest on the Sabbath, but to work in that day which many did refuse at that time to do. But preferring to honor the Lord's day, there being a. great controversy among Christians which of the two days . . . should have precedency if they desired to rest, they should do this as Christians. Therefore if they shall be found toJudaize, let them be accursed from Christ." An anathema of this kind, meant much to the people of that age. Having been brought up to believe that the frown of the church was equivalent to a. sentence of eter-nal damnation, many fell into the train of those who controlled the sentiments of the councils. Yet some per-sisted still in maintaining a commendable independence of thought on this point, which finally brought the secu-lar power to the assistance of the church. So in A D 469, the Emperor Leo put forth the following:Š "It is our pleasure that the holy days dedicated to the most high God should not be spent in sensual recrea-tions, or otherwise profaned by suits of law, especially the Lord's day, which we decree to be a venerable day, and therefore free it of all citations, executions, pleadings, and the like avocations. Let not the circus or theatre be opened, nor combating with wild beasts, be seen on it. . . . If any will presume to offend in the premises, if he be a military man, let him lose his commission; or if other, let his estate or goods be confiscated." It is thus plain that the establishment of Sunday in the place of the Sabbath enjoined by God's law was by no means easy. The threat of confiscation of worldly goods by the secular power was necessary to, enforce the decrees of the church upon unwilling subjects. But the church carried her point. Having obtained the support of the state in the matter, her path was much smoother. She could ever after keep her skirts clear from the blood of heretics by turning them over to the civil authorities to be punished. This she did regularly, with a hypocriti-cal recommendation to mercy. At first the principle of coercion was administered through comparatively mild correctives; but later,"as the firmness of Christians seemed to demand, by the most atrocious cruelties, until nearly all Europe was inundated with blood. When the control of the civil power by the, papacy was complete, to be counted a heretic meant death.. In Spain alone the Inquisition brought to the stake more than thirty-one thousand people. Under the reign of Charles V., fifty thousand were sacrificed in the Nether-lands, and half as many more under his son. Lecky, in speaking of these persecutions, says:Š " When to these instances we add the innumerable less conspicuous executions that took place, from the victims of Charlemagne to the free-thinkers of the seven-teenth century, when we recollect that after the mission of Dominic the area of the persecution comprised nearly the whole of Christendom, and that its triumphs were in some districts so complete as to destroy every memorial of the contest, the most callous nature must recoil with 