316 AMERICAN SENTINEL are God's host (Gen. 32:2), and Jesus is their Captain. Josh. 5:15. They know all things that are in the earth. 2 Sam. 14:20. They listen for the word of command from their Prince and hasten to do his bidding. Ps. 103: 19-22. These ministers of God defeat the purposes of proud kings and turn the plans of nations to naught. 2 Chron. 32:21. When the angel who is placed in charge of any nation holds no longer with that nation, that nation goes to ruin. Dan. 10:20. When a prince or ruler of any people rebels against the interests of God's people, the angel that is in charge of that field is held or bound in that place until he is able to influence the mind of the head of that nation in favor of God's cause, or is released by his Captain. This truth is plainly set forth in Daniel 10. The prophet was fasting and praying for three full weeks (verses 3, 4). His prayer was heard from the very first.  and Gabriel was sent to answer it. The prince of Persia withstood him until his prince, Michael, came and re_ leased him (verses 12, 13, R. V. margin). At the golden altar in the first apartment of the heavenly sanctuary, but near to the entrance of the sec-ond, the prayers of the saints are presented. Rev. 8:3. From this altar the prophet heard the voice of Michael that released the angels that had been detained in the country of the Euphrates, holding back the powers from engaging in general war. Rev. 9:13-15. The angels obeyed the command and the powers were turned loose. From the pages of history, beginning with July 27, 1449, and continuing "an hour, a day, a month and a year" (391 years, 15 days), the student reads the ac-count of slaughter, carnage and ruin that went with and followed in the track of " Apollyon," the "Destroyer," of prophecy,Šthe " Sultans" of history. The "sure word of prophecy" points out the year, and even the very day,ŠAug. 11, 1840Šwhen the Sultan should surrender his independence. History records the fact of the Iulfillment of that prophecy. From that time he has been restricted in his operations. Why a stay in his awful work? Because Christ, about this time, was to enter upon his last work in the heavenly sanctuary for a lost world. As he came before the holy law of God, to finish his work as priest, and saw ruin on every hand in the earth, he gave command to the angels to hold, not only lie powers in the, valley of the Euphrates, but in t he world, until God's work should be finished. Rev. 7:1-3. The powers may gather, statesmen may tremble, and the daily news may proclaim a general war inevitable; but God has said to the angels, " Hold the four winds (war and strife) until my servants are sealed in their foreheads." To another he has said, 'Ł Go through the midst of the city and set a mark upon the foreheads of those that sigh and cry for the abominations that are done in the midst thereof." Eze. 9. Christ came to seek and to save the lost. To us he says again, " Peace be unto you : as my Father hath sent me even so send I you." John 20:21. Then let every minister in the land, let every Chris-tian, stop proclaiming war, stop stirring up the powers to strive with one another, and unite with all heaven in the work of holding the strife. Let them take the gos-pel of Christ, which is the power of God to save men (Rom. 1:16), and go to sinners as Christ did. Now is the time for every one who believes in the God that created the heavens and earth to stop presenting their petitionsŠprayersŠto State or national legisla-tures, to kings or emperors, and to come boldly to the "Throne of Grace" and find help; for this is a time of great need. "Cursed is the man that trusts in man, that maketh flesh his arm. Jer. 17:5. Let every one who knows God take up this law, even the law of ten commandments written in stone, and go as Paul did to the Corinthians, clothed with the spirit of the living God, and unite with God, Christ and the angels in writing it upon the fleshy tables of the heart. 2 Cor. 3:3. Then will they be workers together with God. 1 Cor. 3:9. A Bold Statement of Papal Doctrine. Michigan "Christian Advocate," May 1 IN the Michigan Catholic, of 26th ult., appears an ar-ticle on "Freedom and Catholicity," signed by "Veritas." After speaking of the freedom and justice of the American Government, and some of the principles underlying civil power, the writer concedes that the Roman Catholic church derives benefit from the American form of govern-ment, especially as to spiritual progress and administra-tive facilities, but thinks that the Republic, in guarantee-ing equal rights to all churches and special privileges to none, restricts the inherent power of Romanism. He then says:Š "The State has no national church, and therefore she regards all churches as equal, i. e., as an organized soci-ety; consequently by the law of equity she concedes to none the privileges she does not allow another, and so the Catholic church, while enjoying a freedom common to others, is restrained from her own lawful power to sup-press heresy. This, in itself, is an evil. However, the remedy is not in the power of the Catholic church under existing conditions, so instead of stamping out heretical doctrines, which is one of her missions, she strives by every possible means to infuse a true Catholic spirit into the individual, and even goes so far as to carry her cru-sade against error into the enemies' camp, by conducting missions to non-Catholics." It is well understood that the Roman Catholic church considers it "one of her missions" to "stamp out heresy" and it is on this very account that Protestant Americans prize their form of government. Thank God that under it there can be no such bloody suppressions of heresy as the persecutions of the Albigenses, the holocausts of the 