372 ANIIIEFEICAN VoL. 9, No. 47. is likewise to be one of spiritual rest, spir-itual refreshing, and delight in the works and ways of God. This is proved by that psalm for the Sabbath day, " Thou, Lord, hast made me glad through thy work; I will triumph in the works of thy hands." Ps. 92: 4. And by another scripture, " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sab-bath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words; then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord." Isa. 58: 13, 14. This is yet further shown by the fact that the Sabbath was instituted and given to man while he was yet in the garden of Eden; before he had sinned; before the word had been spoken, " In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread; "Šbefore toil had become a part of man's lot; and while as yet there was no possible neces-sity or opportunity for any waste of en-ergy and therefore no place for physical rest to recuperate wasted energy. It is likewise shown in the additional fact that after men are redeemed, the earth made new, and Eden restored, the re-deemed will keep the Sabbath. For it is written " As the new heavens and the new earth which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and your name remain. And it shall come to pass that, from one new moon to another, and from one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the Lord." Isa. 66: 12, 23. A day of weekly rest is in itself an in-stitution of God. Its basis is the rest of God, which was wholly spiritual. Its purpose is to cultivate the spiritual in man. Its authority is the commandment of God, which is spiritual and religious, and which must be spiritually and reli-giously observed to be observed at all. As says the seer of Patmos, " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." The whole subject, therefore, in all its bearings, is entirely beyond the jurisdiction and even the reach of the power of civil govern-ment or of man. It rests wholly in the power and jurisdiction of God, and re-mains solely between the individual and God. Thus, we repeat, it is not man's phys-ical, but his spiritual needs that are to be held in view in the Sabbath command-ment. The Sabbath is intended to be a day in which to worship GodŠa day of holy remembrance of him and of medita-tion upon his works. The day is to be kept holy, not civilly nor physically. If it is not kept holy, it is not kept at all in the purview of the commandment and the intention of the Author of the day of the weekly rest. The evidences which we have here pre-sented positively demonstrate, to the utter exclusion of every other theory, that the object of the Sabbath, the object of the weekly rest, iS THE WORSHIP OF GOD. The sum of this whole matter therefore is this :- 1. The Puritan theory of one seventh part of time for the Sabbath is, and in its inception was, a fraud upon the command-ment of God. 2. The theory of one seventh part of time for physical rest is a fraud upon the original Puritan theory. 3. The seventh part of time for phys-ical rest is therefore a fraud upon a fraud. 4. In addition to its being a fraud upon  the Puritan theory, the seventh part of time for physical rest is also a fraud upon the commandment of God. 5. And the Puritan theory of a seventh part of time for the Sabbath is itself a fraud upon the commandment of God. 6. The two together, thereforeŠthe Puritan Sabbath and the weekly physical rest dayŠinterlocked as they are, form a HEAPED UP FRAUD. That is just what the theory of one sev-enth part of time for physical rest is : and all the sophistry of all the preachers, and all the decisions of all the courts on earth, can never make it anything else. -0- Ł  Spiritualism. THE ministration of holy angels, as presented in the Scriptures, is a truth most comforting and precious to every follower of Christ. But the Bible teach-ing upon this point has been obscured and perverted by the errors of popular theol-ogy. The doctrine of natural immortality, first borrowed from the pagan philosophy, and in the darkness of the great apostasy incorporated into the Christian faith, has supplanted the truth, so plainly taught in Scripture, that "the dead know not any-thing." Multitudes have come to believe that it is the spirits of the dead who are the "ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation." And this notwithstanding the testimony of Scripture to the existence of heavenly angels, and their connection with the history of man, before the death of a human being. The doctrine of man's consciousness in death, especially the belief that the spirits of the dead return to minister to the has prepared the way for modern Spiritualism. If the dead are admitted to the presence of God- and holy angels, and privileged with knowledge far ex-ceeding what they before possessed, why should they not return to the earth to enlighten and instruct the living ? If, as taught by popular theologians, the spirits of the dead are hovering about their friends on earth, why should they not be permitted to communicate with them, to warn them against evil, or to comfort them in sorrow ? How can those who believe in man's consciousness in death reject what comes to them as divine light communicated by glorified spirits ? Here is a channel regarded as sacred, through which Satan works for the accomplish-ment of his purposes. The fallen angels who do his bidding appear as messengers from the spirit world. While professing to bring the living into communication with the dead, the prince of evil exercises his bewitching influence upon their minds. He has power to bring before men the appearance of their departed friends. The counterfeit is perfect; the familiar look, the words, the tone are reproduced with marvelous distinctness. Many are com-forted with the assurance that their loved ones are enjoying the bliss of heaven : and without suspicion of danger, they give ear to "seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils." When they have been led to believe that the dead actually return to communicate with them, Satan causes those to appear who went into the grave unprepared. They claim to be happy in heaven, and even to occupy exalted positions there; and thus the error is widely taught, that no difference is made between the right- eous and the wicked. The pretended visitants from the world of spirits some- times utter cautions and warnings which prove to be correct. Then, as confidence is gained, they present doctrines that di- rectly undermine faith in the Scriptures. With an appearance of deep interest in the well-being of their friends on earth, they insinuate the most dangerous errors. The fact that they state some truths, and are able at times to foretell future events, gives to their statements an appearance of reliability; and their false teachings are accepted by the multitudes as readily, and believed as implicitly, as i f they were the most sacred truths of the Bible. The law of God is set aside, the Spirit of grace despised, the blood of the covenant counted an unholy.  thing. The spirits deny' the divinity of Christ, and place even the Creator on a level with themselves. Thus under a new disguise the great rebel still carries forward his warfare against God, begun in heaven, and for nearly six thousand years continued upon the earth. Many endeavor to account for spiritual manifestations by attributing them wholly to fraud and sleight of hand on the part of the medium. But while it is true that the results of trickery have often been palmed off as genuine manifestations, there have been, also, marked exhibitions of supernatural power. The mysterious rapping with which modern Spiritualism began was not the result of human trick-ery of' cunning, but was the direct work of evil angels, who thus introduced one of the most successful of soul-destroying de-lusions. Many will be ensnared through the belief that Spiritualism is a merely human imposture; when brought face to face with manifestations which they can-not but regard as supernatural, they will be deceived, and will be led to accept them as the great power of God. These persons overlook the testimony of the Scriptures concerning the wonders wrought by Satan and his agents. It was by satanic aid that Pharoah's magicians were enabled to counterfeit the work of God. Paul testifies that before the second advent of Christ there will be similar manifestations of satanic power. The coming of the Lord is to be preceded by " the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders, and with all deceivableness of unrighteousness." And the Apostle John, describing the miracle-working power that will be manifested in the last days, declares: " He doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do."' No mere impostures are here foretold. Men are deceived by the miracles which Satan's agents have power to do, not which they pretend to do. The prince of darkness, who has so long bent the powers of his master-mind to the work of deception, skillfully adapts his temptations to men of all classes and con ditions. To persons,  of culture and refine-ment he presents Spiritualism in its more refined and intellectual aspects, and thus succeeds in drawing many into his snare. The wisdom which Spiritualism imparts is that described by the Apostle James, which " descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish."' This, how-ever, the great deceiver conceals, when concealment will best suit his purpose.' Ł, 2 Thess. 2 9, 10. I  Rev. 13: 13, 14. s Jas. 3: 15. 