56 .A.NIEMEEI CAN-  S]EN IriLN1 I VoL. 10. No. 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 14, 1895. Qom' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL withuot having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the article, " What's in a Name ?" on page 50. It is high time that men understand that calling a thing Christian does not make it so. WE call serious and thoughtful atten-tion to the article on page 51, entitled, "A Very Suggestive Movement." The move-ment referred to is startling both as to the rapidity with which it has spread and the consequences involved. IN our issue of January 30 we interpreted a report in the Examiner and National Bap-tist, to mean that the Ministerial Union of Philadelphia had petitioned the Pennsyl-vania Legislature to exempt seventh-day observers from the effects of the State Sunday law. We were mistaken. It was the Baptist Ministers' Conference of that city which so petitioned. A PRESS dispatch speaking of the pope's encyclical says The pope tells the American Catholics that it is their duty to cherish the Constitution of their country, and says that it does not interfere in any way with their duties to their church. We do not so read the encyclical. On the contrary, the pope distinctly tells "American Catholics that it is their duty to cherish" the principles of Romanism, and that, "it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church; or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for State and Church to be, as in America, dissev-ered and divorced." This is the very op-posite to telling "American Catholics that it is their duty to cherish the Constitution of their country." TWENTY Seventh-day Adventists are under indictment in a single county in Tennessee for Sunday work, the cases to be tried in March. In all such cases in Tennes-see where the accused have been convicted, they have refused to pay their fines and have gone to jail. Now the legislature of that State has before it a bill to establish a whipping-post for the punishment of minor offenses. A Tennessee paper re-marks : "While such a law smacks of bar-barism, yet we think it would be a good thing. For a small offense take the cul-prit and give him a severe chastisement, which will teach him to go and sin no more, and will also rid the county of ex-penses caused by his incarceration." We do not say nor do we think that there  is any connection between the facts stated and the proposed legislation; but with such a law upon the statute books, how long will it be ere Tennessee will be whipping Seventh-day Adventists for exercising their God-given right to work six days after having kept the seventh day "accord-ing to the commandment"? FROM page-proofs of the Arkansas Re-porter kindly forwarded us, we learn that Arkansas has revived its persecution of Seventh-day Adventists, notwithstanding seventh-day observers are exempted by the statute from the penalties of the Sun-day law of the State. The victim this time is J. W. Huddleston of Ft. Smith, who was arraigned before the Justice of the Peace, January 30, and fined one dollar and costs (amounting to $17.00) for hauling wood on the previous Sunday. The case has been appealed. The Justice is a Roman Cath-olic, and was under the influence of liquor when he rendered the decision. However, these latter facts are cited as mitigating circumstances; but when we say this we wish thereby to emphasize the fact that this same terrible sin against God, and crime against man, is committed, in other States, by professed Protestant Christians while sober, and soberly defended, with few noble exceptions, by the denominational press of the country. IN an article in the Catholic World for February, Priest Elliott, referring to the work of the Salvation Army, says :Š If a bishop and one or two able priests would start street-preaching, assisted it might be by men or women of the laity, the results would be marvelous. Some of us little dream that there is a distinct class of street people, grown in later years into many thousands in every great centre of population. They live on the street as much as the climate allows, they read their penny papers on the streets, they are taught by their petty leaders on the streetsŠthe street is a roomier place, a freer place, a, .d just as clean a place as where they are supposed to live, but where they only sleep. When the Catholic Church takes to the streets with its representatives high and low, it will reach these street people. They are not all bad, many of them are fairly good Catholics, and these would secure a respectful hearingŠbut that is certain anyway. And meantime our highly educated and zealous priesthood would sim-ply revolutionize for good the street life which at present is often a menace to public order, and is ad-dressed on religious topics by men and women who play soldier and beat bass drums. This suggestion shows how thoroughly alive the Roman Catholic Church is be-coming to the possibilities that are before her in this country. Rome has entered upon an active propaganda in the United States. Hitherto it has been her policy to work quietly, to make proselytes simply of those who were thrown directly in her way; but now it is proposed that she go out in the streets and openly invite to her com-munion the rich and the poor. No longer content to grow simply by immigration and by the natural increase of the Catholic population, she proposes to compete with Protestantism for the floating masses that have no church relations; or who, if they  have, as a rule, know nothing of the power of a living faith, and so can be beguiled by the arts of Rome. IN the Catholic World for February, Priest Elliott, in describing his "Mission to Non-Catholics," has this to say of his "Question Box" :Š The questions were not numerous and far from in-teresting, at least to the lecturers. One old gentleman insisted night after night on our explaining the prophe-cies about the scarlet woman, the Babylon on seven hills, the abomination of desolation, and the man of sin. We informed him and the audience that he was behind the times, as contemporary Protestant commen-tators did not generally affirm the Catholic Church to be the fulfillment of these prophecies. The old gentleman might as well have saved himself the trouble of pressing his question. Roman Catholic priests will not discuss that subject. But it does not settle the matter to say that " contempo-rary Protestant commentators do not gen-erally affirm the Catholic Church to be the fulfillment of those prophecies." The question is not what weak-kneed, se-called Protestants of to-day affirm, but what did genuine Protestant commentators of past generations prove by the most indisputa-ble evidences? THE Catholic Mirror has made a won-derful discovery, namely, that Luther is responsible for the prevalence of suicide in this the nineteenth century; it says:Š It is a lamentable fact that suicide is but too com-mon, and is said by statisticians to be steadily increas-ing. Without Christian faith it is, indeed, true that life in certain conditions would be insupportable; among heathen nations it is as we know of little valae. There appears to be also, as was recently pointed out by a writer, a growing debility of nerve among peo-ple of the present generation and a physical incapacity to endure misfortune or suffering which did not for- merly exist. . . . The feeling of despair really began with Luther's reformation and the extent to which it has deepened and increased since can be readily traced. This is indeed remarkable; the preach-ing of justification by faith instead of by works induces such a feeling of despair that men hasten to take their own lives. Profound thought JUDGING by the issue of January 10, the AMERICAN SENTINEL is the fairest and best conducted of the distinctly anti-Catholic publications of the country. We cannot agree with it as to the necessity of an act-ive crusade against Roman Catholicism, in the interest of religious freedom, but we do commend most heartily its opposition to the union of Church and State, its in-dorsement of Georgia's protest against the Sabbatarian legislation, and its plea for justice to the Seventh-day Adventists.ŠUnity ( Chicago) Jan. 81. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and state, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, Š Š Š $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street,Ł New York City. 