202 CA.N" SIENPIPIN HJJLo VoL. 8. No. 26. generally, in the city of Chicago, that the Fair is to be open on Sunday. Al-though the decision of the question has been entirely upon technical grounds, and the discussion of the principles which govern the question carefully avoided, still the agitation has resulted in bringing to the comprehension of many minds, the true state of the case, and the real prin- ciples involved. After replying to the contention of the counsel for the Government that this question was not within the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeals, but should go di-rect to the Supreme Court of the United States, and over-ruling the motion to dis-miss the case which was based upon that plea, Chief Justice Fuller said:Š The question to be determined is whether upon this record a preliminary injunction should have been granted. The bill avers that the defendants are usurping powers involving authority over the Exposition and the grounds, and in virtue thereof assumes to open the Exposition on Sunday in con-travention of the acts of CongressŠnotwithstand-ing such opening would be " of great injury, and a grievous prejudice to the common public good and to the welfare of the people of the United States." It is not contended that any property in-terest of the complainant will be injured by the threatened action, nor is there any allegation of irreparable injury or probable loss by such action. But it is said that the intervention of the court may be rested upon the protection of the United States in its possession of the grounds of the Ex-position for the purpose of protecting the United States in its possession. The furnishing of the five million souvenir coins was a condition upon the local corporation by the United States, in addition to the many millions it had already contributed, the further sum of $2,500,000 and the giving to the Government of a satisfactory guaranty that it would provide all additional sums necessary for the complete construction of the work prior to May 1, 1893, and was subject to two conditions subsequent, namely, the payment by the corpora-tion of all expense, costs and charges, of the great departments of the Exposition and the closing of the Exposition on Sunday. In view of the vast previous expenditure of the corporation and the extent of the obligations as-sumed, the right of all parties concerned, and the nature of these conditions, and the conditions sub-sequent, we do not think this a proper case for the rule in question, nor can we concur in the propo-sition that the appropriation of the $2,500,000 amounted to a charitable trust, upon certain con-ditions warranted. The appropriation was made for the purpose of aiding in defraying the cost of the completion of the work and to be paid over on vouchers for labor done, material furnished, and services performed in the prosecution of the work. It was an appropriation for the benefit of the local corporation to help it out of its financial difficulty and to enable it to complete its undertaking, and as such does not come under the accepted definition of a charitable gift for the benefit of an indefinite class of persons. So far as the purpose of the ap-propriation subsequently made is concerned, that purpose had to be accomplished before the money could be paid over. The decision of the court might interpose to pro-tect the United States in its possession, but it is the local corporation that is in actual possession under the law of the State and of the ordinance of the South Park commissioners. The possession is recognized by the acts of Congress as essential to the construction and administration of the Expo-sition by the corporation. In that construction the corporation has invested sixteen millions of dollars under circumstances that preclude the view that the United States have exclusive administration and authority in the premises. It is perfectly clear that Congress never intended that Congress should become responsible for the construction of any of the buildings except its own for the work provided for by the appropriation. However, it was in-tended that the Exposition should receive the sanc-tion of the Government, and in that sense, as re-marked by Chief Justice Waite, in the Phila-delphia case, " be impressed by a national or international character." Of course the Govern-ment has a qualified possession, but we find noth-ing in this regard upon which to base an interven-tion of a court of equity on that ground. We cannot now discuss the various questions necessary to be considered, but which will be treated of in the opinion to be tiled. It is sufficient to say that we cannot except this case from the ordinary rule, which requires to the exercise of jurisdiction in chancery some injury to property,  whether actual or prospective, some invasion of property or civil rights, some injury irreparable in its nature, and which cannot be redressed at law. This is not such a case and the result is we hereby refuse the order and the case is remanded for fur-ther proceedings not inconsistent with these con-clusions. It will be seen, that in this decision, Justice Fuller does away entirely with the plea that the World's Fair is a great charitable institution, and the appropri-ations of Congress to it amounted to a charitable trust; and also refuses to give any support to the claim that the United States has entire authority over the World's Fair grounds and buildings; both of which were claims urged very earnestly awl depended upon with much assurance by the counsel for the Govern-ment. As foreshadowed in this prelimi- nary expression, it seems evident that the full decision of the court will be very clear and lucid upon all the points which have been raised before it. As it is, however, the opening of the World's Fair on Sun-day means nothing in the furtherance of the cause of real liberty of conscience and freedom from civil restraint in reli- gious things, because it does not combat directly, the authority of Congress to take the action which it did in reference to the Sunday closing proviso, neither does it antagonize the decision of the Su-preme Court in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity of New York against the United States, but leaves that subject wholly in abeyance, and open to the in-terpretation, that the views which were intended to be upheld in both these cases may be better promoted by an open Fair than by a closed Fair. President Higinbotham expressed this in an interview published yesterday in the Chicago Evening Post, in which he said :Š Sunday is not to be desecrated on the grounds. It will be observed in the most eminent degree. It is too late now to prepare for religious services on the grounds to-morrow. We will have to be con-tent with concerts of sacred music. These will be provided, and on each succeeding Sunday there will be religious services. From the time in which Mr. Durborow ruled out the consideration of the consti-tutional question in the presentation of the matter before the House Committee on the World's Fair, the contention has been between two forms of religious ob-servance; the observance of Sunday by the closing of the Fair entirely, or its observance by a modified closing with the stoppage of machinery and the presenta-tion of sacred music, and perhaps reli-gious addresses. This was a contest be-tween the views and opinions, represented on the one hand by the Puritans of New England, and on the other by the Roman Catholic element which lays an equal claim to ancient authority in this country through Columbus, its discoverer. In this instance- the Roman Catholic liberal views and methods of Sunday observance have triumphed. It means nothing what-ever to the cause of religious liberty, ex-cept as to the influence it may have upon the agitation of the question and the further presentation of the principles of civil liberty in religious matters. The real question at issue has been avoided, and the decision that has been had is in reality nothing but a compromise. W. H. M. Chicago, June 18. IT seems that in the World's Fair princi-ple is to be sacrificed for gain throughout, A Convention of the "Forty Millions." EVERY candid man and woman in the United States knows, and has known from the first, that the claim of the World's Fair Sunday-closing agitators that they represent forty millions of the people of this country, is false, and no more evi-dence need be advanced in addition to what has been advanced, to prove this. However, there are occurring from time to time events which add emphasis to the falsity of this claim, that are worth no-ticing. The convention called to meet at Indianapolis the 13th and 14th instants is one of these. The meeting was largely advertised and was a call for the "friends of the Sabbath " everywhere to attend the meeting. All the local papers of the city announced it. According to the popula-tion of Indianapolis and the percentage claimed for Sunday closing, there should have been seventy-five thousand people from the city alone, at this meeting. But the cold facts are, there were but fifty-six persons present at the first meeting, in-cluding speakers and reporters, of whom at least twenty were opposed to the whole movement. So small was the attendance of the " friends of the Sabbath," that the leaders dared not organize the meeting for fear it would be captured by the enemy, and so postponed organization until the next day hoping for reinforcements. In-stead of reinforcements arriving during the night, there were desertions under cover of the darkness, and but forty were present with an increased proportion of opposers of the movement. It was expected at the meeting to organ-ize and adopt resolutions, :but after a whispered consultation between the repre-sentation of the "forty millions," they announced that they had decided to adjourn the meeting, after which the leaders would meet privately and pass resolutions, and so they abruptly adjourned the meeting, retired out of reach of the " insignificant minority," and the news-papers next morning chronicled the wishes of the " forty millions." The first meeting was devoted to dis-cussing the advisability of urging a boy-cott of the Fair, should the United States Court of Appeals decide that it could law-fully be opened on Sunday. The leaders of the "forty millions " supposing that the clergy of Indianapolis had degenerated equally with themselves toward this un-American, unchristian method of enforc-ing their religious views upon others, boldly advocated the boycotting program. After the leaders had spoken along this line, Rev. Lucas, pastor of a local Christian church spoke, urging that it was no more a sin to attend the Fair, should it be open on Sunday, than it would be to ride on a railroad that run Sunday trains. Rev. Haynes, Presbyterian, ex-President Har-rison's pastor, arose and denounced the proposed boycott as "contrary to the New Testament and wicked." Those well merited rebukes threw a wet blanket over the managers from which they never recovered. After calling the World's Fair Directors " bold anarchists," " gilt-edged anarch-ists," etc., one of the speakers had occa-sion to tell how he violated the Fugitive Slave Law by helping slaves to escape. At this point the writer asked, " Were you an anarchist?" To which he answer-ed, " Oh, no!" " But you violated law," was the reply. " We must obey God rather than man," was the speaker's reply. 