  "IF ANY MAN HEAR HI WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HER NOT."-Jesus Christ.   VoL. 13, No. 22. NEW YORK, JUNE 2, 1898. Single copy 3 cents.       The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Aar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have mot ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay or it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) MIGHT does not make right, but right makes might. To have faith means to stand alone against a mul-titude. IN Christian warfare the soldiers daily rations are drawn from the Word of God. -4ŁŁ  NOT legislation, but faith, is the lever which lifts fallen men to the plane of righteousness. 440.- . 44 THE true Protestant is not he who opposes Roman Catholics, but he who opposes Romish principles. . 44  THE real battles of the world are not fought with armies and navies, but with principles of good and of evil. r •  -414  THE Christian religion looks so high for its sustaining and energizing power that it does not behold the state at all. Os 44 AN alliance with one another may suffice for the na-tions; but nothing will answer for the interests of the individual but an alliance with the Lord of hosts. N• -444 THE first things human that were established on earth were the individual, and individual rights. These are, therefore, the most venerable of all things human. To deny the rights of the non believer in Christianity Šas for instance by a law forbidding him to work or seek amusement on SundayŠis to put a barrier across the way of his possible conversion. H• 4 THE question whether was is a proper means of ac-complishing Christian work, is but the question whether carnal weapons are more effective than spiritual weapons. Christians believe the latter are more effective, always. THE only army that Christ ever commissioned is that to which he said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature;" and "Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." 41,  IT is not always safe in this world to be on the side of the majority. It was not safe in Noah's time, or in Abraham's time, or in Elijah's time. There is no evidence that it was safe in anybody's time. The Word of God expressly cautions the Christian that he shall "not follow a multitude to do evil." The history of the cause of truth and righteousness is but a history of the minority who have stood for God against the spirit and will of the majority. It presents many a picture in which an individual stands alone against a multitude. Christianity does not rest upon the decisions of ma-jorities. It cannot recognize their authority in religious things. The last view, prophetically given, of the majority, in the history of human events, is an interesting one. It is given in the 20th chapter of Revelation. The prophetic description is:Š "And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison; and shall go out to de-ceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the 