128 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORE, FEBRUARY 22, 1900. AT Mt. Vernon, in this state, re-cently, the Sunday law was invoked for the suppression of a spiritualist seance that had been advertised for that day. Naturally, the pastors who enforced the law gave the people the impression of being actuated by a desire to suppress competition with the Sunday services. APRIL 22-29 of this year has been deElignated by the National Reform Association and kindred societies as a week of prayer "in behalf of a, bet-ter observance of the Lord's day." Pastors are requested to preach 'upon the subject at this time, and the Young People's societies, and the W. C. T. II. are expected to co-operate by the distribution of liter-ature and in other ways. WE invite and request our readers everywhere to send us the news of ouch happenings as fall under their notice, affecting the question of relig-ious liberty in their locality. No matter if it is but a "straw," that is what we want. A mere item often furnishes a telling illustration of an important truth. It is the news from the front that interests the people; and the SENTINEL wants to be, where a sentinel is supposed to be, at the front. But to do this it must echo the words of warning from the human sentinels ( that ought to be) in all parts of the field. Then send us theitems,please; and they will be better if told in your own words. A RESOLUTION in behalf of Sunday rest, passed at a recent labor con-vention, declared the belief of the assembly that "all men should have the privilege of this day, that they may spe-  d it with their families, or  as they desire, in rest or in worship." But the men who are calling ,f or Sunday laws do not intend at all that the workingmen shall be al-lowed to spend Sunday as they may desire, because, as is evident, they might not desire to spend it as these men think it ought to be spent. The workingmen might find "rest" in recreation, attending or participat-ing in games, or in various worldly amusements; and that would never do; no, indeed. The workingmen are to be allowed to spend Sunday "as they may desire," provided they desire to spend it in attending church or in such other way as will constitute an acknowledgment that Sunday is a sacred day. THE contention between two mag-nates in the steel industry, Messrs. Carnegie and Frick, reveals some instructive facts and figures con-cerning the modern "trust" methods of doing business. The Carnegie Steel Company, it appears, was formed in 1892, by a union of two companies having each a capital of $5,000,000. On the basis of this $10,000,000 actually paid in, by a little manipulation of stock, $25,-000,000 appeared as the nominal capital of the concern and the net profits for 1899 were $21,000 000. Profits for 1900, estimated, $40,-000,000. Value of property in 1899, as estimated by Mr. Carnegie, $250,-000,000; and value on the London market in ordinarily prosperous times, by the same authority, $500,-000,000. All this in eight years from a capital of but $10,000,000! Who will say in view of such things that the fifth chapter of James is not present truth? FOLLOWING fast upon the sugges-tion made by one in close touchwith the ,administration, that the chief executive might find it necessary to conclude treaties with foreign pow-ers without securing either the ad-vice or consent of the Senate, comes the announcement that a -secret treaty has been made with Great  Britain, which is regarded by the State Department as an offensive and defensive alliance for the pro-tection of the Western Hemisphere. And this treaty, it is further stated, is intended to supplant the "Monroe doctrine," under which the Western Hemisphere has been secured against European aggression from President Monroe's time down to the present. This treaty is meant, of course, to be binding upon the nation; that is, upon the people; but as the people did not make it, either themselves or through their representatives, it is clearly an instance in which one man has assumed the prerogative of ruler of the American people. Naturally the announcement causes considerable excitement and "senators, representatives, and men of all parties," we are informed. "declare that no British alliance shall ever set the Monroe doctrine aside." But the truth is the Monroe ' doctrine has already been set aside by the American invasion of the Eastern Hemisphere, and nobody ought to be surprised that a sub-stitute is now proposed to take its place. Nobody ought to be sur-prised that the Monroe doctrine should be regulated out of the American political system simulta-neously with the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. THE',  so-called statesman who "loves" his country so much that he will maintain it in the wrong, will help his country along in the path-way of wrong, which never led any-where else than to ruin. And as the most that a traitor can do is to bring ruin on thecountry he betrays, it is plain that these two men belong in the same class. CLEAN Copies of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL are desired for free circulation by the Florida Tract Society, and those of our readers having such copies which they can send, Łpost-paid, will be putting them to excellent use. Address Florida Tract Society, Orlando, Fla., Box, 508. 