 724 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      or comprehends the meaning of what he says, is a ques-tion of which the mandate of the school board takes no account whatever. The salute is obligatory upon all, and like any compulsory school regulation, can make no allowance for the beliefs or preferences of the pupils whom it affects. Will those in favor of this religious requirement seri-ously claim that all the pupils who are thus made to say each day that they give their hearts to the Lord, do in reality make that consecration of themselves to him which the words imply? Is there any probability what-ever, even the remotest, that the pupils of the public schools of Boulder, Col., are all consecrated in heart ,to the Lord? If they are, they were so of their own free will, and not because they have been made to say that they are; for a form of words has no power to convert the heart. But it is needless to propound the question, for it is perfectly evident that it must be answered in the negative. No ; the children who thus say that they give their hearts to the Lord, are, many of them, not con-verted to God at all. This is absolutely certain. And therefore it is absolutely certain that in the public schools of the city of Boulder, Col., many of the pupils are com-pelled week after week to utter a falsehood, under penalty of suspension if they refuse! Do the school board of the city of Boulder believe in God? Evidently they do. What, then, they may well inquire, does God himself think of this "patriotic salute?" Does he take account of such things? Does he take no-tice when an individual gives his heart to him,Šwhen he does that in truth to secure which God sacrificed his only begotten Son, and poured out all heaven to mankind? Verily, he is well pleased with the gift of the heart of even the poorest and humblest individual on the earth. He is well pleased with the gift of the heart of "one of these little ones." But how does he regard a profession of dedication to him which is not made in truth? What does be think of a lie spoken upon that point in which centers all his interest in humanity? And what does he think of a school regulation which compels children to utter such a lie before him? There is a text of scripture which says that it is better for a man that he should be cast into the sea with a mill-stone around his neck than that he should cause one of "these little ones" to offend. There is opportunity for an application of this text in the city of Boulder. But this is not all there is in this "salute." It is a "patriotic salute." There is the American flag held be-fore them, as an emblem of patriotism, and the school children are required to say that they give their hearts also to "our country." The gift creates a partnership, in which the parties are God and the United States Gov-ernment! Can such a partnership be? Would the Al-mighty for a moment recognize it? Does the Creator claim anything less than the absolute right to the whole heart of every one of the human race? Who will seriously answer these questions in the negative? If these words mean anything, they mean that the individual gives his life to his country, as he does to God. They mean that he will do as his country desires him to do. But when country calls, it is the government that speaks. The voice of government is taken for the call of country by the vast proportion of citizen's. There is, in-deed, a vital distinction between them; but it is not rec-ognized by the many. And when the individual says that he gives his heart to "our country," it may safely be taken as meaning that he stands ready to do the bid-ding of the government, whatever that may be. Of the bidding of God no account is taken; for the government speaks with an audible command which no citizen can possibly mistake; and having given his heart to the gov-ernment, he can but feel bound to act as the government directs; and the government is not the mouthpiece of God. So that in the partnership which this gift assumes to set up, it is the government, and not God, that receives what is given. God and civil government are parties that cannot always proceed in unison. This is because civil govern-. ment is the creation of finite, sinful men; while God is infinite and altogether righteous. God's ways are always just. Civil government often does that which is unjust. God has said, "Thou shalt not kill." But at the command of the government, the individual who has given his heart to the government, ignoring the command of God, takes his rifle and goes forth to kill as many of his fellow beings as he can. He seems to suppose that in some way the two commands can be harmonized; and feeling bound to obey the command of the government, he leaves it with the government to answer for the right-fulness of his course. He does not stop to ask himself where earthly governments will be in that day when every one shall give account of himself before God for the deeds that he has done in the body. God has said, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." But at the command of the government, men go forth to spend the Sabbath day in shooting down one another in battle. God has said, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me." But in the very act of giving the heart to another power than God, the individual chooses another god; for there is no point in worship if it be not supported by obedience. We cannot worship one power and obey an-other. And therefore, since it is certain that in some things at least this government will proceed contrary to the laws of God, as all civil governments have since th e world began, it is certain that in being required to say that they give their hearts to "our country," the pupils of the public schools of Boulder, Col., are required to pledge themselves to act, at some time, contrary to the will of God! Let it not be thought strange that the government should not act in all things in harmony with the will of God. The very nature of civil governments is unchris-tian. They are selfish, each seeking only its own inter-ests, and that, too, very often, at the expense of the 