\WWA't'kM \ Ł N\‚ "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1886. NUMBER 10. Entered at the Post-eier in Oakland. Result of the Constitutional Amendment. THE method of the National Association is antagonistic to the spirit of American civil lib-erty. Every argument which has been or can be used in favor of the theological amendmentŁ of the Constitution, has been used a thousand times, just as logically, for the union of Church and State. Moreover, every one of these argu-ments would justify prosecution in the courts of the land for opinion's sake. Suppose that you have carried your amendment. Instantly you have revolutionized the civil spirit of this Re-public. From the moment of your victory, you make the holding of certain theological opinions, different from your own, an offense indictable .in our courts and punishable in our prisons. When you have gained so much, what have you left of American liberty? Both as Christians and as patriots; therefore, we solemnly protest against the measure now in agitation. It is a measure in every way evil. Its success would be fatal at once to religion and to freedom in America.---Christian Union. Ir this great movement [Protestantism] had been allowed to proceed without interruption, it would, in the course of a few generations, have overthrown the old superstition, and es-tablished in its place a simpler and less trouble-some creed; the rapidity with which this was done, being, of course, proportioned to the in-tellectual activity of the different countries. But, unfortunately, the European governments, who are always meddling in matters with which they have no concern, thought it their duty to protect the religious interests of the people; and, making common cause with the Catholic clergy, they, in many instances, forci-bly stopped the heresy, and thus arrested the natural development of the age. During al-most a hundred and fifty years, Europe was af-flicted by religious wars, religious massacres, and religious persecutions; not one of, which would have risen, if the great truth had been recog-nized, that the State has no concern with the opinions of men, and no right to interfere, even in the slightest degree,. with the form of wor-ship which they may choose to adopt.Š Buckle. The Salem Witchcraft. A LESSON FOR OUR TIMES. THE movers for the Religious Amendment of our National Constitution constantly refer to the action of the prophets, priests, and rulers of Israel, as precedents for the course they wish to pursue. Thus Mr. Leiper, in his strictures on the AMERICAN SENTINEL, Cited the case of Nehemiah as a warrant for their proposed ac-tion. We deny the relevancy of his citation, and will strengthen our denial with facts and a very forcible illustration. A " Christian Government," one in which the "usages, laws, and institutions" of Christianity are pla6ed on " a legal basis," must of necessity be " a corrector of heretics." It is useless for the Amendmentists to say that they " will not interfere with the religion of any as long as their actions are not contrary to the law," for if a man's religion does not regulate his actions and show itself in his life, it is not worth de-fending or possessing. There is a law in the Scriptures which reads as follows: " Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." Ex. 22 : 18. And again: "A.man also or woman that bath a thrniliar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death; they shall stone them with stones." Lev. 20 : 27. It may not bo said that this is obsolete if it be that we are to take the Scripture regulations in full as our guide in civil government; for witchcraft is declared to be an abomination to the Lord in both the Old and the New Testa-ment. Compare Deut. 18 : 9-12; Gal. 5 : 19-21, and Rev. 22 : 14, 15. It was in obedience to this law that Saul "put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land." 1 Sam. 28 : 3. And now the question arises, If witchcraft is an abomination to the Lord, and if he required that witches and wizards be put to death, and if the rulers of the people were required to carry out this order of the Lord, why should not the rulers of the people now put this order into effect? "The powers that be" are or dained of God at this time as truly as in any other. God does not change; and-the rulers of to-day bear the same responsibility to do the will of God that they did in olden time. If, then, the riders acknowledge their responsibil-ity to 'God, and if they desire to put the ex-pressed will of God into effect, as our rulers ought to do, will they not obey this order, and destroy out of the land' all them that have fa-miliar spirits ? These statements and queries are based upon the position assumed by the Religious Amend- ment Party; and if their positions are tenable, then these questions must be answered in the affirmative; no other answer is admissible. And this is precisely the manner in which the Puritans of New England reasoned two centu-ries ago. But all history attests that they made a most miserable failure in their efforts to act upon the principles which they laid down. They verily thought they were doing God serv-ice, but they stand condemned for their folly, and for the wanton violence which they did to the plainest principles of morality. If God holds Ł the movers in those terrible scenes responsible for the lives that were sacrificed, then indeed are they to be pitied. But what was the cause of their sad failure? And what is the defect in the reasonings and conclusions of the Religious Amendmentists? The answer to one of these questions is the answer to the other. Cotton Mather and his bigoted associates taught that the "interests of the church," and the maintenance of " the true religion," demanded that these rulers should put the accused-persons to death. For this de-mand they pleaded the warrant of a law of the Bible, and the precedent of Saul and other rulers of the theocracy or kingdom of Israel. The answer to the above questions is found in the fact which we have repeatedly urged upon the attention of the National Reformers, namely, that we are in a different dispensation, and that there has not been, is not, and never will be upon earth, by divine sanction, a human or civil government the counterpart of that of Israel. That was a theocracy, and afterward a'  theocratic kingdom, such as cannot exist under the gospel. The antitype of that will be the kingdom of Christ which the God of Heaven will set up, but which will not be set up during the Saviour's priesthood, but when the time comes for him to- take vengeance on his foes (2 Thess. 1 : 7, 8), and destroy all the kingdoms of this world. Dan. 2 : 44. The error into which Mr. Leiper ran in his strictures, and into which all his associates run, in referring to the action of Nehemiah and others, is in confound-ing things utterly unlike. It is not enough in a theocracy that the laws be given to the peo-ple, and that kings and governors be required to rule in accordance therewith, but divinely-appointed and inspired teachers must be sent from time to time, to instruct them in the laws, to reprove them for their departures from the lawsŠsometimes unintentionalŠand to lead them in emergencies where all human wisdom is at fault. But such a state of things cannot exist in a republic. A theocratic and republi-can government in one is an impossibility. In TI2e /31n2erical2 PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. 