AMERICAN SENTINEL. 781 "Nero?" said Charlie. "Yes. What did he do?" "0, mama, he was a perfect monster. He set Rome on fire, and while homes were burning to - ashes, he bade his musicians play to him, and when the people turned on him for this terrible deed, he laid the blame on the Christians, and had them sewed up in the skins of animals and tossed to dogs, and set them on fire to light his pleasure gardens by night, ugh !" exclaimed Charlie, with a look of disgust. "The world hates Nero," said Mrs. Ross, "yet Nero was only the outworking of self." "Well, we might name many Roman emperors who were equally wicked and cruel according to their ability. Wild persecution raged against those who were true to Christ during those old pagan days. Do you know what kind of government Rome was?" "Why, it went under seven forms of government. It started out all right, or at least it was all right when it was a republic; for the United States is a republic and it is all right. I don't know as I know just what you mean." "Did it legislate in matters of religion?" "I should say so. The emperor wa,s pontifex maxi-mus, and that means chief priest, and the forum was crowded with the images of gods.'Ł' "Here is a quotation from Cicero that tells the spirit that actuated Rome. You can see that there was no religious liberty permitted. Cicero says, 'Let no one have separate gods, or new gods, and let ito one privately worship even foreign gods, unless they have been re-ceived by public authority.' Death or banishment was the penalty for bringing in any new ideas about religion. You see the devil was behind that decree; for he knew that the religion of Jesus was to be preached in all the world, and he wanted to provide for the death of its advocates. Some one says that the utterance of Rome to Christian-ity was, 'You have no right to be.' Do you wonder that Rome was likened to a great and terrible beast with iron teeth, who stamped the residue with its feet, when she stamped out all individuality? When new ideas about God and religion are prohibited, thought is fettered in everything. Invention ceases, literature languishes, and the world comes to a standstill." "And now, Charlie, under what power was Christ put to death?" "Didn't the Jews put him to death?" "Did they? Think. Who was Pontius Pilate and Herod?" "0, I remember; they were Roman rulers." "The Jews had no power to crucify Christ. You re_ member just before Jesus was born on earth, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed." "I remember, mama." "It was Roman authority that condemned Jesus, Roman soldiers who nailed him to the cross. There is meaning in this fact, dear, that may be you will not comprehend; but in Roman rule, Satan had his way, and  his way from the beginning was to put to death the SOn of God; and to try to hurl God from his throne." "Rome was the instrument that Satan used to put out the light of life, and that government took the form of church and state, a form that Christ condemned when he said, '.:14y kingdom is not of this world,' and, 'Render unto Caesar the things that are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's.'" "Well, dear, we'll stop right here, and next time talk of the horns and the horn with the eyes of a man." "I wish we could go right on." "No, Charlie, here are some pages in history I wish you to read that will make you glad you waited." Ł F. B. December 31, 1897. WE wish to call attention to our offer of a fine Com_ bination Teacher's Bible, postpaid, and the AMERICAN SENTINEL, one year, f Or $3.50, that it closes °lithe above-named date. All orders dated not later than December 31, 1897, will be honored. After that time the price will be higher. We can make this offer only by reason of a special arrangement with our manufacturers. All who have the Bible are loud in its praise. Order now. See advertisement on last page. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write Dames plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ii.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Ilssoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, .50 Three " A.DDItiC88, APIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 