380 A.1VIEMILICA.N VoL. 10, No. 48 days; it makes a man .a criminal for doing an act from a mere motive of kindness to a fel-lowman whom he believes to be in need, and it tends to bring the enforcement of law into disgrace. That is how a bad " law " works; it simply tends to bring discredit upon all law and law-enforcement. The use of such a " law" is nil. Ł "ANARCHISTS." THE term " anarchist" is getting to be quite a convenient designation in the vocab-ulary of certain persons who entertain feelings of bitterness against others whose ideas and principles antagonize their own, especially in matters of religious belief. For example, the " Rev. Thomas Sherman, S. J.," son of the illustrious general, is quoted by the Chicago Herald as saying in a speech delivered last February in that city, that " ex-priests are anarchists of the worst stamp." To which Prof. George Rudolph, Ph. D., an ex-priest, of Clyde, Ohio, replied by quoting Webster's definition of an anarchistŠ" one who excites revolt, or promotes disorder in a State "Šand inquiring when he had been guilty of such acts. Of course no proof that ex-priests are anarchists was forthcoming. The same term has been applied to Seventh-day Adventists by some zealous exponents of certain popular religious dogmas, with which the views of the former are in conflict; and doubtless in the future it will be so applied much oftener than it has been in the past. The same spirit prompts its use in the one case as in the other; namely, the spirit of re- ligious intolerance. The Adventists have never been promoters of riot and disorder, though they have in some instances been the victims of disorders promoted by their oppo-nents. It was thus that the Jews sought to secure the condemnation of Jesus Christ. They represented that he was seeking to set up a kingdom in opposition to that of Caesar, and was therefore inciting the people to insurrec-tion, and by threats based upon this represen-tation they secured the consent of Pontius PilateŠthe civil powerŠto their evil purpose. And they pursued the same course with Christ's followers. Paul was represented as a seditious person, inciting the people to rebellion against the authority of the civil ruler. By this means the Jews stirred up the people against him, so that he was subjected to bitter perse-cution. And a like experience has often fallen to the lot of Christ's representatives down to the present day. We live in a time when the evil passions of religious bigotry and animosity are ready to break forth again with all the virulence they have shown in the past. The smoldering fires of old controversies are ready to break forth anew and commingle with new controversies of our own times. The old conflict between the forces of good and of evil, of godliness and worldliness, must continue to the bitter end. In this the powers of evil resort to car-nal weapons, to calumny and violence; and the same hatred as of old animates them against the just. The " Rev." Mr. Sherman said that " the man who shoots an anarchist at sight is a public benefactor," and then added that the worst sort of anarchists were priests who had become Protestants. Religious big-otry invents its own definition of anarchy, and when religious strife breaks forth, the oppos-ing forces will not be slow to brand each other with the mark. It is of importance to every person to un-derstand now the great truth that the Word of God is never to be found on the side of  anarchy, strife, and tumult. Those persons are never anarchists who stand upon the Word of God. Those are never anarchists who ap-peal to the law of God in justification of their views and their practice. They may be in the minority, but it is only the seeming mi-nority, for the invisible God is on the side of those who adhere to his word, and the in-visible hosts of the skies perform his bid-ding. The essence of anarchy is opposition to the law of the Highest. Satan was the first an-archist; and any power which sets aside the word of the Lord and exalts the word of man, in the shape of human tradition or custom, or the dictum of pope or priest or other person or persons, Catholic or Protestant, is on the side of anarchy, and is to be shunned accord-ingly. -41.- Ł  SOUTH AFRICAN CORRESPONDENCE. BY G. B. THOMPSON. AT the last session of the Colonial Parlia-ment, in response to the urgent demands of the ecclesiastical leaders, another Sunday law, in the interests of what was called morality, was added to those already upon the statute books. It is quite true that the enactment was only a sop, which was thrown by the min-istry to the projectors of the bill to satisfy their abnormal cravings for something of the sort, yet in passing it they recognized, and indorsed the principle, that governments can rightfully legislate on moral questions, and be, after a fashion, dispensers of religious pap to the people. But just now much comment is being in- dulged in by the press upon the retirement, by the government, of the general manager of railways, and many are querying as to the reason why the government has set him aside. The Cape Times, of Oct. 14, 1895, has a long leader on the matter, and says that the most dil-igent inquiries secure only the scantiest reasons of which the summing up is something like this: "ElliottŠOh, yes, a good old boy: just a bit too pious." If this be true, it would seem that while the government thinks religion a good thing, and tries by human law to get it into the heart, it is not deemed a good thing to have at the fountain head, and officials are not de- sired who are "too pious." But just what direction the piety of the worthy manager takes, who is a member of the society of the Plymouth Brethren, is hinted at by the Times, as follows :Š Now the general manager's strongly religious bent does undoubtedly lean to a certain Sabbatarianism, and we have ourselves, in spite of the value we set on the weekly break in work for all classes, a point or two which we should like to press in regard to the starving of the Sunday-train service. From this it seems that the train service on Sunday is in a " starving " condition, on ac-count of fewer trains being run on that day than on other days of the week, because the general manager is " too pious " to allow them to run. Because he regards Sunday as a sa-cred day, he makes a difference in the num-ber of trains that are run. But this is not satisfactory. The people are "starving" for a ride, and do not like such " religious bent." So the government (which is the people), after making laws for the better observance of what it calls the "Lord's day," and enforcing its observance on the people by penalty of law, retires one of its officials because he shows a deference for Sunday! If something of the kind is not inferred by the above editorial, I fail to see what it means. The inconsistency of Sunday laws is well illustrated by this. The law provides that any person who shall chop a little fuel, or open a shop on Sunday for business, shall be fined or imprisoned. But government trains may run, and if fewer trains run than on other days, it is called a " starving of the train serv-ice," and unsatisfactory to the people. Recently, a gentleman here in the employ of the government, became convinced that he should keep the Sabbath taught in the Bible Šthe seventh day. He wrote the govern-ment, accordingly, setting forth his reasons, and asked that some arrangement might be made, whereby he could keep the Sabbath of the Lord, and at the same time retain his po-sition. I am informed that the government answered adversely. If so, it is a declaration that an individual cannot be a servant of the Lord and of the government at the same time. And yet the nation is Christian ! so much so that a Presbyterian divine of the colony not long since pleaded for the union of their churches, that it might be shown that the Presbyterian Church is the national church of South Africa. National church, forsooth! The question arises: When the "wicked shall return to sheol, even all the nations that forget God," what will become of all the national churches? The glaring inconsistencies of self-consti-tuted Christian governments have always been painfully manifest, for the very simple reason that there is no such thing on this earth, and never will be, till the kingdom of God shall be established. That time is the end of this world, and the ushering in of the world to come. Grahamstown, S. Africa. THE SECRET OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. BY M. C. WILCOX. The real test of the principles of religious liberty is prosperity. There has never been a persecuted class but what has loudly declaimed in favor of religious liberty, or liberty of con-science. The Puritans believed in religious liberty when they themselves were persecuted. The Romam Catholic believes in it when he is not the dominant authority; but when power came to Puritan or was posessessed by Catholic, they both persecuted. Prosperity tested them as it frequently tests individuals. True relig-ious liberty will grant to the powerless (physi-cally or secularly considered), or the smallest minority, equal rights in all religious matters with the majority. Even Catholics laud the freedom granted in this country. In a recent book, the "Life of Christ," by "Father" Didon, a noted Catholic priest, of Paris, we have the following:Š It may be said that the surroundings most favorable to Christian belief, and consequently to the belief in the divinity of Christ, are those in which it has, I do not say the protection of authority, but the fullness of liberty. In modern civilization the two countries where that liberty is largest, England and the United States, are precisely those two countries where the belief in Jesus Christ declares its vitality by its most vigorous expansion. It is notorious that in England, a country of great individual autonomy and much public liberty, the Catholic faith, faith in Jesus Christ, is extending and developing. In the United States this phenomenon is still more manifest and astonishing. But the principles of religious liberty, that which will give the other, weaker man liberty to think, talk, and practice as he desires, equally with the stronger, are the principles of the gos-pel of Jesus Christ. He who has the Spirit of Christ will do as Christ did. He said, "If any man hear My words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the 