16 111011;1,  glu 1.'""P's Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 16, 1890. NUMBER 3. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. IT is time for the National Reformers to cry out for the restoration of papal rule in Italy. They regard Romanism as better than " political atheism," and it seems that with the mass of Italians there is no halfway ground. A writer in a religious journal says that "in swinging away from the Romish Church, comparatively few stop at Protestantism. The majority know little respecting it, and apparently care as little about it." This is not a matter of surprise since they have been religious by law so long that they naturally regard all religion as' simply a synonym of tyranny, and as soon as they have the opportunity they very naturally break away from the restraint which has been so galling to them. AN exchange notes the fact that "a cer-tain amount of religious liberty has been granted in Finland, which, though it does not go very far, is, at all events, a welcome installment. It only at present gives pro-fessed Christians of any Łsect the right to educate their own children, though not those belonging to members of the State Church. Marriages contracted by mem-bers of acknowledged sects will in future be legal. Different views of Christianity will no longer make any difference in the privileges and duties of the citizen, and these prerogatives are extended so far as to give Christians of any sect the right of entering Government service. "Religious demonstrations and proces-zions are, however, prohibited, and as the Salvation Army has gained a footing in the country, no 'doubt they will soon come into collision with the authorities on that point. The Government has undertaken to exam-ine into the doctrines and beliefs of every  dissenting sect, and also to keep a close account of them; it has cut a nice task out for itself and it remains to be seen how the plan will work. It appears that any mem-bers of the community not professing some form of Christianity are still to be de-barred the rights of citizenship, nor are they allowed to form organized commun-ities or educate their children." The Blair Amendment Resolution. HERE is the Joint Resolution proposing to amend the Constitution of the United States, as re-introduced in the United States Senate by Senator Blair, December 9, 1889 :Š Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States be, and hereby is, pro-posed to the States, to become valid when ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourths of the States as provided in the Constitution: ARTICLE SECTION 1. No State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. SEC. 2. Each State in this Union shall establish and maintain a system of free public schools ade-quate for the education of all the children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the common branches of learning, in virtue and morality, and in knowledge of the funda-mental and non-sectarian principles of Christianity. But no money raised by taxation imposed by law or any money or other property or credit belonging to any municipal organization, or to any State, or to the United States, shall ever be appropriated, ap-plied, or given to the use or purposes of any school, institution, corporation, or person, whereby instruc-tion or training shall be given in the doctrines, ten-ets, beliefs, ceremonials, or observances peculiar to any sect, denomination, organization, or society, be-ing, or claiming to be, religious in its character, nor shall such peculiar doctrines, tenets, belief, cere-monials, or observances, be taught or inculcated in the free public schools. SEC. 3. To the end that each State, the United States, and all the people thereof, may have and preserve governments republican in form and in substance, the United States shall guaranty to every State, and to the people of every State and of the United States, the support and maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein pro-vided. SEC. 4. That Congress shall enforce this article by legislation when necessary. This is identical with the original resolu-tion introduced by the same gentleman in 1888, with the exception of the clause re-lating to the Christian religion. The orig-inal resolution said that the children should be taught "in the common branches of knowledge, and in virtue, morality, and in the principles of the Christian religion." Whereas, this one reads, " in the common branches of learning, in virtue and moral-ity, and in knowledge of the fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Christian-ity." But nothing has been gained by this change. If it was intended to give the resolution less of a religious tone or character, by changing "the principles of the Christian religion" for " principles of Christianity," the change is hardly worth the effort required to make it; because the principles of Christianity are certainly the principles of the Christian religion. Chris-tianity is nothing else than simply the manifestation in life and character of the principles of the Christian religion. The insertion of the word "non-sectarian" as describing the principles of Christianity which should be taught, simply makes tautology in the section because the fol-lowing part of the section is wholly taken up in the effort to say that no sectarian doctrines, beliefs, or ceremoni-als shall be taught or inculcated in the public schools. Which of the principles of Christianity are sectarian and which are non-sectarian? If Christianity, itself alone, is not secta-rian, then none of the principles of Chris-tianity can possibly be sectarian. If any of the principles of Christianity be sectarian, then all of them are. Because Christianity as it is, is a definite and positive thing. It is not a wishy-washy mixture of fast-and-loose principles. For this reason alone, to say nothing of any other, every man who has any respect for Christianity ought to oppose this amendment with all his might. Section 1 as it stands, if it stood alone, is worthy of the hearty support of every person in the United States because it 