100 A..±4111tICAN VOL. 9, No. 13 guide in faith and morals. This teacher most emphat-ically forbids any change in the day for paramount reasons. The command calls for a "perpettad cove-nant." The day commanded to be kept by the teacher has never once been kept, thereby developing an apos-tasy from an assumedly fixed principle, as self-con-tradictory, self-stultifying, and consequently as sui-cidal as it is within the power of language to express. Nor are the limits of demoralization yet reached. Far from it. Their pretense for leaving the bosom of the Catholic Church was for apostasy from the truth as taught in the written Word. They adopted the written Word as their sole teacher, which they had no sooner done than they abandoned it promptly as these articles have abundantly proved, and by a perversity as willful as erroneous, they accept the teaching of the Catholic Church in direct opposition to the plain, unvaried and constant teaching of their sole teacher in the most essential doctrine of their religion, thereby empha-sizing the situation in what may be aptly designated "a mockery, a delusion, and a snare." Should any of the reverend parsons, who are habit-uated to howl so vociferously over every real or as-sumed desecration of that pious fraud, the Bible Sab-bath, think well of entering a protest against our logical and scriptural dissection of their mongrel pet, we can promise them that any reasonable attempt on their part to gather up the " disjecta membra" of the hybrid, and to restore to it a galvanized existence, will be met with genuine cordiality and respectful consideration on our part. But we can assure our readers that we know these reverend howlers too well to expect a solitary bark from them in this instance. A nd they know us too well to subject themselves to the mortification which a further dissection of this anti-scriptural question would necessarily entail. Their policy now is to "lay low," and they are sure to adopt it. " Now, gentlemen of the jury, I don't know as it is necessary to give any fur-ther evidence along this line. The Bible shows no change whatever for the day. Historians show that human authority has changed it. It was over three hun-dred years this side of Christ before any authoritative change was made. Con-stantine, in 321 A. D., who himself did not even profess Christianity at that time, was the first to enact a law for Sunday observance. " But there is another thing about this Sabbath question. In Ex. 31: 12, 13 it is stated by the Lord that the Sabbath is ' a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you.' Verse 17 states the same thing. This point is made prominent throughout the Scriptures. See Ezek. 20:12, also verse 20, etc., etc. " Our observance of the Sabbath is in conformity with the Scriptures and shows our allegiance to God who sanctifies. Notice the contrast. The Catholic Church has changed the day and correctly charges that professed Protestants are inconsistent in observing one of their festivals and not the rest. The change of the day is the sign the papacy presents to show its au-thority. One is the sign of the papacy which strives to change the law, and the other is the sign of God who made the law. Can you blame us, gentlemen of the jury, for obeying that which we regard as the sign of allegiance to the God to whom we profess allegiance ? On the other hand if that is violated it will be recognizing the authority of the church, which would be irreligious and sacrilegious. That is the very same thing spoken of in the book of Revelation, chapter 14. Speaking of the beast, which all Protestant commenta-tors agree, refers to the Roman Catholic power, it says, ' If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in. the presence of the holy angels and in  the presence of the Lamb.' Verses 9 and 10. " Gentlemen of the jury, if I with a knowledge of the facts before me and understanding the nature of the question, should acquiesce and obey that power, and keep the first day of the week as the Sab-bath, to me it would be the mark of the beast in the forehead and in the hand; in the forehead by giving consent of my mind to it against my convictions, and in the hand by a cessation of labor with it in obedience to the mandates of the papacy. So, before the God of heaven and earth I take the liberty, in his name, to obey what the Lord himself has told me in his Word. To do otherwise would be to me to receive the mark of the beast spoken of in the book of Revelation. I have already read that this change of the Sabbath is the sign or mark of the Roman power. I say to you, if she herself claims it as the mark of her power, who can say it is not ? There is a mark of allegiance to the true God. It is the Sabbath,Šthe sign of him who justifies and sanctifies. Now which shall I carry out ? " But, gentlemen of the jury, this is not merely a question of days, it is a question of rights and religious liberty. Even if Sunday were the Lord's day, the law has no constitutional right to enforce its ob-servance upon any one. The Sabbath is a religious thing, whether it be called so or not. It is itself based on a religious principle. Can any one say that, because it is legislated upon, it is not connected with religious sentiments ? Paganism ob-served Sunday as an institution in honor of the sun, which they recognized as their god. It is a religious institution all the way through, and the Constitution and laws of the United States cannot make it otherwise. It seems to me clearly that it is outside the civil government to under-take to enforce it upon any one. The law has no more right to enforce the right day than the wrong one upon the people. It would not be proper to enforce it upon us even if it were the right day. A man cannot acquiesce in legislation even in favor of his own religion without yielding up religious liberty. Religious liberty consists not merely in my contending for my right to worship as I please, but in my contending for the right of others to serve God as they think right. The whole tenor of Sunday legislation shows it to be reli-gious legislation. This law is but the con-tinuation of that enacted in 1762 on this question, when this State was a colony and the Church and State system was practi-cally in vogue. " The disposition of the fines imposed for Sunday work farther shows this to be religious legislation. The law provides that all such fines ' shall be paid to the ordinary of the county to be, by him, distributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath-schools in the county.' Section 4581, Code of Georgia. Now notice, the fines collected for the vio-lation of a supposed civil statute are to be appropriated for the purpose of carrying on religious instruction I Tell me, isn't that religious, in the beginning, and all the way through ? Has the State any right to enact religious laws to enforce religious views upon any one ? Let me refer here to the constitution of our State: ' All men have the natural and inalien-able right to worship God each according to the dictates of his own conscience, and no human authority should, in any case, control or interfere with such rights of  conscience.' Article 12, Bill of Rights. Now I ask you to think of that, ' All men have a natural and inalienable right.' What is an inalienable right ? It is one that cannot be alienated; it is an inherent right. It inheres in its very nature in man; and this is to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of his conscience. I would also call your attention to paragraph 13, Bill of Rights:Š No inhabitant of this State shall be molested in per-son or property or prohibited from holding any public office or trust, on account of his religious opinion ; but the right of liberty of conscience shall not be so con-strued as to excuse acts of licentiousness, or to justify practices inconsistent with the peace and safety of the State. " Has there been any witness brought forward to show that there was anything; done to menace the liberties of the citi-zens of this State ? Has any one's life' been in danger ? No witness has testifiedt to anything of that kind. The law says; protection shall be impartial and complete:. Every man has the inalienable right to carry out the dictates of his conscience:. For what purpose have you read American; history, in the face of such proceedings as are presented to us here?ŠA jury of twelve citizens called upon to infringe upon another's liberty ? "This principle is laid down in the Bible; every citizen is in duty bound to obey the laws of his country no matter how op-pressive they may be until it comes in conflict with his duty to God and his law, in which case the law-makers will have entered upon religious legislation and ex-ceeded their authority. There is a limit to civil authority itself. God has ordained governments, it is true. He has said to be subject to the powers that be. Some have taken a very strange view of this matter. Some have argued that the scrip-ture (Romans 13 :'1) proves that we should submit to every law that may be enacted, even religious laws. But Romans 14,where Ł it talks of matters of faith, says, "Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind."' Christ also says in Matt. 22: 21: ' Render,. therefore, unto Cmsar [civil government} the things which are Ceesar's; and unto) God the things that are God's." The address closed with an exceedingly effective plea for the personal and indi-vidual rights of the citizen, and with a moving presentation of the unjust char-acter of such persecutions as this. W. H. M. Progress of the National Religion at Washington. REPRESENTATIVE MORSE, of Massachu-setts, on March 10, introduced the follow-ing bill in the House :Š A BILL To protect the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest and worship in the Dis-trict of Columbia, Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-bled, That on the first day of the week, known as the. Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accordance with divine appointment as a day of rest and worship, it shall be unlawful to perform any labor, except , works of necessity and mercy, and work by those who religiously observe Saturday, if performed in such a way as not to involve or disturb others: also to open,  places of business or traffic, except in the case of drug. stores for the dispensing of medicines; also to make) contracts or transact other commercial business; also) to engage in noisy amusements or amusements for gain, or entertainments for which admittance fees are' charged; also to join in public processions, except fu-nerals, which last shall not use music ; also to performa any court service, except in connection with arrests of_ criminals and service of process to prevent fraud. SEC 2. That the penalty for violating any provision 