 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 21. NEW YORK, MAY 21, 1896. Price, Three Cents.    American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. JOHN BUNYAN. JOHN BUNYAN was born near Bedford, Eng., in 1628, the very year in which Charles I. yielded to the Petition of Right which de-clared the " illegality of forced loans, of mar-tial law in time of peace, and of the billeting of soldiers on private houses."' But it was to a deep re-ligious experience, to a sense of duty to his fellowmen and -above all, to his God, and to a practical knowledge of the liberty wherewith Christ makes his people free, that Bunyan owed the inspiration of his life rather than to the demand of the times for re-dress of political grievances. In 1653, at the age of twenty-five years, Bunyan was converted and became a mem-ber of the Baptist Church at Bedford. Two years later he began to preach the gospel. To the latter fact was due his long imprisonment in Bedford jail. Rights Not Guarded. Charles II. was placed upon the throne by the English people without giving proper guarantees that their liberties would be respected. True, he had given his word of honor to protect the religious liberty of his subjects, but political reasons and his lust for power soon led him to disregard this sacred pledge. " Hardly was he seated on the throne," says Dr. Armitage, " when Venner's petty insurrection furnished a pretext for vengeance upon all his opponents, and especially those Encyclopedia Britannica, Vol. V., p. 405. 2  Thomas Armitage, D. D., LL. I)— author of "History of the Baptists." of the dissenting sects, no matter how much they proved their loyalty. " Amongst the first victims of his tyranny we find Bunyan, charged with ' devilishly' and ' perniciously' abstaining from going to church, ' as a common upholder of meet-ings contrary to the laws of the king,' and with teaching men to worship contrary to law.' " Offended Repeatedly. Bunyan was first sentenced to Bedford jail for three months, at the end of which time he was to be banished if he refused to con- John Bunyan in Prison. form to the established worship. He was, however, kept in prison for six years; when released he immediately resumed preaching. He was again imprisoned for another six years. Upon being released the second time, Bunyan began again to preach and was ar-rested the third time, but was detained only a few months. " His judges were harsh with him," says Dr. Armitage, " but his real oppressors for these twelve weary years were the king and Parliament, who made it a crime for anyone  to preach but a priest of the Church of Eng-land." It was while in Bedford jail that Bunyan wrote his " Holy War" and " Pilgrim's Progress." From all he loves on earth though sundered far, And kept by bolted door, and iron bar; His genius rises on devotion's wings, And, soaring, with unwonted grandeur sings.' Of " Pilgrim's Progress," Dr. Armitage says: " While we are obliged to reprehend the base injustice which kept this grand preacher pining in prison, however leniently treated, the fact is forced upon us, that the wrath of man was made to praise God; for had not his zealous servant been compelled to this solitude we should not have had that masterpiece of literature." Another, bringing "incense kindled at the muse's flame," sings:Š Lo Sundered from the converse of mankind, For twelve long years in Bedford jail confined, A lowly child of genius and of grace A trophy rears, which time shall ne'er deface. 3  Pathetic Incidents. There were some most pa-thetic incidents in connection with the long imprisonment of Bunyan. Says Dr. Armi tage: " His wife was gentle to a proverb. When he was in prison she went to London to pray for his release, and in-duced a peer of the realm to present a petition to the House of Lords in his behalf ; so the judges were directed to look into the matter afresh. She therefore appeared before Sir Matthew Hale, Chester, and Twisden. " With all the simplicity of a woman's love she told her artless story. She said her hus-band was ' a peaceable person,' and wished to support his family. They had four helpless children, one of them blind, and while he was in prison they must live on charity. " Hale treated her kindly, Twisden harshly, and demanded whether he would leave off 8  Rev. R. Furman, D. D. "He was told that if he would give up preaching he should be instantly liberated. His answer was, 'If you let me out to-day, I will preach again to-morrow.' " 