AMERICAN SENTINEL. 135 so. They are fed upon the husks of man's dramatical theorizings, instead of receiving the nutrimental wheat from the celestial table. Listen to the rebuke from Cardinal Satolli, former papal legate to theUnited States. He says: "From the want of prejudice I have remarked in America, it looks as if many were Protestants more in name than in re-ality." When the Catholic Church can thus cast her darts at Protestantism, is it not time for us to look about, and ascertain wherein lies the defect? The primi-tive reformers stood upon the Bible as their "only" guide. They withstood the world for the maintenance of principle, nor would they compromise a single point. To them principle was worth more than life. They were true Protestants. To-day Protestants have not the backbone of former days, they are more pliable, not so "narrow," more compromising in character. They have no fixed principles, but are carried to and fro by every wave of false teaching_ that comes along. We take up the strain of Canon Farrar, in The Christian, Jan. 4, 1894: "Oh that God would give us one real saint among the conventional echoes of artificial churchiness; one living voice among the 20,000 priests. If He would give us but one prophet!" We would say, "Oh that God might raise up living Christians, those having a living connection with Jesus; those who will oppose error and heresy uncompromis-ingly. Who will fall in line with the late Pastor Spur-geon, in his action against down gradism, when he said, "To pursue union at the expense of truth, is treason to Jesus Christ. To tamper with his doctrines, is to become traitors to him. We have before us the wretched spec-tacle of men professedly orthodox, publicly avowing union with those who deny the faith, who call the fall of man a fable; and deny the personality of the Holy Ghost." Dowling, the far-famed historian, says: "The Bible, I say, the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants! nor is it of any account in the estimation of the genuine Protestant, how early a doctrine originated, if it is not found in the Bible. The consistent, true hearted Protes-tant, standing upon the Rock, 'the Bible and the Bible only,' can admit no doctrine upon the authority of tra-dition. He who receives a single doctrine upon the au-thority of tradition, let him be called by what name he will, by so doing, steps down from the Pr.otestant rock, and passes over the line that separates Protestantism from the papacy; and can give no valid reason why he should not receive all the earlier doctrines and ceremon-ies of the Roman Catholic Church upon the same author-ity."Š"History of Romanism," book 2, chap. 1. The gospel is the only remedy for all the social evils of the present day. It is an old remedy, one that has been well proven in every corner of the earth; and it has always been efficacious. This is the gospel of which Paul said, "I am not ashamed of the gospel, for it is the power of God unto salvation to all who believe." True Prot- estantism is synonymous with the gospel of Jesus Christ. Let us not be content with the counterfeit, but let us procure the genuine. The excellent things are always imitated; and for this reason Protestantism is imitated on every hand; but such imitations lack the divine au-thentication, as is proved by their being opposed- to the teachings of Holy Writ. Brother, where wilt thou stand? upon the side of the Bible, and nothing else? or upon modern theology with its traditional innovations? "Choose ye this day whom ye will serve." The Everlasting Gospel: What Is It? BY C. H. BESLAKE. To SAY that true Sabbath reform is to be carried on through the preaching of the "everlasting gospel," with sole reliance thereon, may mean much, or it may mean little, according to what one's idea of the gospel is. Without doubt all have too narrow an idea of the meaning of the gospel; yet a very large number of those who profess to believe it have little or no conception whatever as to its meaning. Only when we find God's own definition of this expression can we begin rightly tb understand its true meaning. It is of the highest importance for us to know what God's definition of "everlasting gospel" is; for those who stand upon the side of the gospel are to have arrayed against them the power of the "beast and his image." This power is something more than mere earthly or hu-man power, although we are wont to speak of it in those terms. It really means that the true gospel believers are to have superhuman power arrayed against them. Look at the following scriptures and see what they say. Of the government which is to cause the image of the beast to be made, the prophet says: "And he exer-ciseth all the power of the first beast before him." Rev. 13:12. But what power did this first beast possess? Here is the answer: "And the dragon gave him [the first beast] his power, and seat, and great authority." Verse 2. But who is the dragon? Again we read: "And the dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the devil and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him." Rev. 12:9. Retracing our steps, as it were, and reading these scriptures, beginning with the last verse quoted, it can be easily determined what power it is by which the two-horned beast will accomplish his work. And so leaving out the symbols, the agencies, through which Satan is to work, the prophet (Rev. 12:17), speaking of the rem-nant church, the people of God, who stand upon the ever-lasting gospel at the very time when the mark of the beast ii being enforced, says: "And the dragon was wroth with the woman [church] and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments 