JANUARY 11, 1894. Amm-a CANT be so, such teachings must be complete and accurate. Complete and accurate teaching of sectarian tenets to a Methodist is the teaching of Methodism, to an Epis-copalian of Episcopalianism, to a Catholic of Catholi-cism, to a Presbyterian of Presbyterianism, in the sense of Spinoza of Pantheism, of Hume of Deism, and to the Baptist mind it involves immersion. Each reli-gious denomination, sect or creed differs as to the cor-rect version of the Bible, but as to God's omnipotence there is no cavil, for it is seen in life, death, and the world's existence. An honest difference of opinion exists among these doctrinal denominations concerning the books that come within the purview and meaning of the term "Holy Bible." The Jew regards the Old Testament as alone inspired; the Catholic adds the Apocrypha and New Testament, While the Protestant repudiates the Apocrypha. Will the Catholic dis-pense with the Douay version of the Bible, which is the only one recognized by the Catholic Church as correct, and accept the King James version of the Bible without the Apocrypha ? The provisions of the constitution inhibiting the teaching of sectarian tenets in the public schools are prohibitory, and the declaration in the statutes pro-viding a series of text books are mandatory. As the Bible, the use of which in the public schoolsŁ  by the teacher, has all the force and effect of adopting it as a text book therein, comes within the prohibitory pro-visions of the constitution and the mandatory provi-sions of the law, the reading thereof cannot be per-mitted in our public schools without violating the plain prohibitory terms of the former and the express mandatory provisions of the latter. The fact that the board of trustees refuse to order the teacher to desist from using the Bible in the public schools has the effect to establish a rule adopting it. "Regulations adopted by persons in charge of a school are analogous to by-laws enacted by municipal authorities and other corporations, and both will be annulled by the courts when found to be unauthorized, against common right, or palpably unreasonable." So long as this decision remains fresh in the minds of the people of Montana, it will be difficult to use the public schools as an avenue by which to disseminate re-ligious error. It is not possible, in the nature of things, that the religious teach-ing of the State should be anything else than error, and Montana is to be congrat-ulated that it has such clear-cut statutes and decisions on the subject. Ł-Ł Ł  The Subjects of the Kingdom of Christ. THE nature of the kingdom of Christ is clearly indicated in the Scriptures, not only by what is said of the kingdom itself, but by that which is said of the subjects of that kingdom. That the kingdom it-self is to be an everlasting kingdom is plainly declared in the words of the angel to Mary, when announcing the coming of the Son of man: " Behold, thou shalt con-ceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest; and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David, and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." * Of this kingdom, the prophet of God says : " In the days of these kings [the last earthly kingdoms] shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people. . . . but . . . it shall stand forever." f The last text quoted shows not only that the kingdom is eternal, but that its sub-jects are immortal; for "the kingdom shall not be left to other people." In this mortal state one generation passes off the stage of action and leaves its institutions and possessions to the succeeding genera-tion; but in the immortal state it will not be so. "The righteous shall inherit the land, and Ł dwell therein forever." " The Lord knoweth the days of the upright; and their inheritance shall be forever." t Many testimonies of this character might be quoted from the Scriptures, but one * Luke 1:32, 33. t Dan. 2:44. t Ps. 37: 29, 18. must suffice. Said our Saviour, speaking of his future, glorious kingdom: " They which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry nor are given in mar-riage; neither can they die any more; for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection." Luke 20:35, 36. The words of our Lord show that the subjects of his glorious kingdom will, be-fore inheriting that kingdom, be accounted worthy. This places that kingdom after the final judgment of "the great day." And with this agree the words of the apostle: " Behold, I show you a mystery ; we shall not all sleep [that is die], but we shall all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump; for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we [the living] shall be changed." § As already seen from the quotations made from the 37th Psalm, the eternal nature of the kingdom of God was not a new truth, nor was it a truth revealed for the first time; neither was the immortal nature of the subjects of that kingdom a new thought. As already seen, the psalm-ist had declared that they should "dwell therein forever," and in the Acts of the Apostles we learn that the " fathers " did not expect to inherit this everlasting king-dom in the mortal state, but that they looked to the resurrection as the time when they should enter upon the promised inheritance. When before the council, Paul declared : " Of the hope and resur-rection of the dead am I called in ques-tion." II And again when declaring his faith before Felix, he said : " This I con-fess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets; and having hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust."* And finally, before Agrippa, the apostle plainly declared his hope, the hope of the resurrection of the dead, to be the hope of the fathers; he said : "And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise of God made unto the fathers; unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews. Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you that God should raise the dead ? " f The apostle's question, " Why should it be thought a thing in-credible with you that God should raise the dead ?" connects this unmistakably with his words already quoted from Acts 23:6, and shows that the promise to the fathers was dependent upon the resurrec-tion of the dead. The promise referred to by the apostle was the promise made to Abraham and to his seed, namely, " The promise that he should be heir of the world." / And that this was not a promise to mortal men of a temporal inheritance, is made clear in the 11th chapter of Hebrews. Here we learn that those to whom the promises were made " all died in faith, not having received the promises [or as the " Dia-glott " renders it, " The promised bless-ings."], but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were stran-gers and pilgrims on the earth." § 1 Cox. 15: 51, 52. 0 Acts 23: 6. * Acts 24: 14, 15. f Acts 26:6, 7. t Rom. 4: 13. The promise was, as we have seen, the earth as an everlasting inheritance. The promise to Abraham was, the apostle says, that "he should be heir to the world." " Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds; as of many, but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ." " And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." § So then every one who belongs to Christ is heir of this world, the dominion promised to Abraham and to his seed, which is Christ. Not " this present evil world," sin-cursed and marred by violence, but the new earth of which we read in Isa. 65: 17 and 2 Peter 3 : 13, and which is, according to His promise, to come forth from the fires of the last day, purged of sin and restored to its Eden beauty. And this promise will be realized, not by govern- mental action, not by acts of legislative bodies or decrees of civil rulers, but by the power of God, who has promised to call from their graves all those who have died in the faith of this promise, that they may share in its fulfillment. The promise and the manner of its fulfill- ment are graphically described as follows, in the "Resurrection of dry bones," Ezek. 37 : 1-14 :Š The hand of the Lord was upon me, and carried me out in the Spirit of the Lord, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones, and caused me to pass by them round about: and, behold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they were very dry. And he said unto me, Son of man, can these bones live ? And I answered, 0 Lord God, thou knowest. Again he said unto me, Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, 0 ye dry bones, hear the word.of the Lord. Thus saith the Lord God unto these bones; Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live : and I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know that I am the Lord. So I prophesied as I was commanded ; and Łas I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone. And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above; bat there was no breath in them. Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord God; Come from the four winds, 0 breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live. So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army. Then he said unto me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel; behold, they say, Our bones are dried, and our hope is lost; we are cut off for our parts. Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord God; Behold, 0 my people, I will, open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel. And ye shall know that I am the Lord, when I have opened your graves, 0 my people, and brought you up out of your graves, and shall put my Spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land,; then shall ye know that I the Lord have spoken it, and performed it, saith the Lord. The promise was not to literal Israel, but to spiritual Israel : " Neither because they are the [literal] seed of Abraham, are they all children; but in Isaac shall thy seed be called. That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God; but the children of the promise are counted for the seed." " If ye are Christ's, then are ye Abra-ham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." " And so all Israel shall be saved." * So then the kingdom of God is an ever- 41 lasting kingdom, and its subjects are to be men and women saved by divine grace, and changed to immortality in that -hour foretold by our Lord, wherein " the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God; and they that hear shall live," f and come § Gal. 3: 16, 29. * Rom. 9: 6, 8; Gal. 3: 29; Rom. 11:26. John 5:25. 