AMERICAN SENTINEL. 409 peace at the expense of any selfish interests, and then go further and contend for the privilege of conducting war in the most barbarous fashion. If this lesson which the congress has so plainly taught, is learned by peace lovers throughout the world, the czar's effort will confer great and lasting benefit on the world, albeit in a dif-ferent way than he intended. For then people who want peace will cease to think that it can be secured for the world by political conclaves or by legislation, and cease to harbor the delusion that by such agencies the world is to be brought to the long-sought millennium. They will see that peace is to be secured and maintained only by personal work on the part of each individual, for himself. When every one keeps peace in himself, there will be peace everywhere; it will be an individual, not a governmental, matter; not something imposed by cer-tain ones upon others, but something chosen by each one for himself. Each individual can choose to live in peace, and he can do this without reference to the course pursued by others or by earthly governments. But it is not a natural choice, for peace is not a natural product of the human heart. Peace is one of the "fruits of the Spirit," and without the Spirit there cannot be the fruit. He who desires peace enough to yield up his own fight-ing human nature to Him who bestows in its place the divine nature and the divine Spirit, will have peace; and in so far as individuals can be persuaded to make this exchange, the cause of peace will be promoted in the earth. A JUDICIAL decision comes from Bridgeport, Conn., to the effect that golf-playing on Sunday is not a viola-tion of law in that State. The following statement of facts in the case is given by a New York paper:Š "Three members of the Wee Burn Golf Club were playing the game not long ago on Sunday. . . . "To them appeared a rural constable from Darien, who arrested them in spite of their declaration that they were merely out fora stroll, knocking a little ball ahead of them, as any person had a right to do. The consta-ble, being a descendant of that Connecticut tithing man who tried to arrest stout old Israel Putnam for gallop-ing past a meeting house when the soldiers of George III. were about, would listen to no such quibbles. The law, as he had always construed it, forbade all amuse-ments on the Lord's day, and wasn't golf an 'amuse-ment?' "This view was taken by the local justice of the peace, and the golfers were fined $50 each. The New York colony along that part of the Sound backed the culprits in an appeal to test the law. "Prosecuting Attorney Light, upon whom it devolved to try the case, searched the law in vain for a peg to -hang if on. He recommended that the charge be dis-missed. The judge looked through the statutes and came to the same conclusion. He declared that golf, whether on a week day or on Sunday, was 'a healthful and vigorous exercise,' and in no way a misdemeanor," THE death of a "tea-drunkard," from excessive in-dulgence in his favorite beverage, was chronicled recently by the press of this city. It is stated that the victim "often drank thirty cups of tea a day." In view of this and other similar cases the doubt is expressed whether the "United States Church Army" is doing wisely in opening tea saloons for the poor. Unquestionably this is a very poor sort of aid for the poor. UNDER pressure from countries where religious lib-erty is respected, Peru has consented to a modification of her church-and-state marriage laws, and has pub-lished a decree permitting marriages which are not sanc-tioned by the Catholic Church. Persons not members of that church are required, before marriage, to announce their religion and declare under oath, in the presence of two witnesses, that they have never been baptized as Catholics. Parties to a civil marriage that is made nec-essary because of a refusal of the Catholic Church to grant a dispensation in a case of differing religions held by the contracting persons, must present proof of the church's refusal. * * CHURCH unity is now being advocated upon a new basis, the idea of which is that the churches shall be united under a common government, like the union of the States under the Federal Government. It is claimed that such a union would eliminate denominational riv-alry. Sunday Baseball. ON June 24, nine men sat in the court room in Rome, N. Y., charged with the crime of playing baseball on Sunday. Considerable time was occupied in impaneling a jury, as the most of those examined did not see any harm in the game. Various witnesses were examined with reference to the amount of noise made, the most of whom testified that the greatest noise made was by clapping of hands. Rev. M. More Hughes testified that he was acting as chaplain at the county house during the game, and that the clapping of hands and cheering diverted the attention of some of his congregation. The result of the trial, however, was an acquittal from the jury. The Rome Sentinel of June 24, in giving an account of the trial, makes this significant statement:Š "The council took their places before the recorderrsxŁ  desk. Rev. S. J. Greenfield, Rev. M. More Hughes and,  Geo. W. Davis sat by the attorneys for the prosecution." But why should the clergy be such close associates of the prosecuting attorney? I do not read that the Master who worked as a carpenter on Sunday ever.  "prosecuted" any one if they did not do as he thought they should. And why this for playing ball on Sunday? 