140 A, M1E1E-ea C.A SIENT9PENT_E1J VOL. 11, No. 18. final acts performed on Sunday, which on all other days are held to be right and honorable. Nothing could contribute more powerfully to break down moral distinctions of right and wrong in' the public mind than the course pursued by the Christian world regarding the Sabbath. With these facts in mind, the present alarm-ing moral condition of society is quite fully intelligible. THE OVERWEENING AMBITION OF THE PAPACY. To again hold in her hands the destiny of nations, to depose kings and to set up kings, is the overweening ambition of the Papacy. The following, published in this city in the afternoon papers on the 17th inst., is sig-nificant:Š Pope to Mediate. LONDON, April 17.ŠA despatch from Rome to the Pall Mall Gazette says that the Papal Nuncio, at Ma-drid, has been instructed to propose the mediation of the Pope in order to bring about a settlement of the troubles in Cuba, or to urge upon Spain the accept-ance of President Cleveland's reported offer of media-tion. The Globe, discussing the affect of the election pol-icy of the Spanish Premier, Senor Canovas del Castillo, says that either Cuba must be allowed to follow the example of the South American republics or the motherland must grant a generous measure of au-tonomy. It is to be hoped that neither President nor Pope will interpose himself or his mediation between the Cubans and that political liberty and independence for which they are so gallantly doing battle. Ł 1  .  A PERSECUTING WORLD. BY F. D. STARR. THE fact that the followers of Christ may expect inconvenience, opposition, and perse-cution, is made so prominent in the Scrip-tures, that we need simply to refer to this, without taking space to prove the truth-fulness of the assertion. Such passages as John 15: 18-20, Acts 14: 22, 1 Them. 3: 4, 2 Tim. 3 : 12, with numerous other references that might be cited, clearly substantiate the fact that the Church must expect persecution in this world. However, there seems to be a strange condition of affairs at the present time, as there is so little persecution to be experienced ordinarily by those who make a profession of Christianity; and the question arises, Why is this so ? If all who will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution, why is so little persecution experienced now ? It is by no means a wonder that we hear occasionally of some one being thrown into jail or into prison for conscience' sake. The strange thing is that these experiences are so rare. Not that it is a reasonable thing for Christians to be imprisoned; but the Scrip-ture has so plainly and repeatedly told us that this would be the lot of believers, that it is remarkable that these experiences are not more common. They were matters of fre-quent occurrence in days past in the history of the Church. Many millions have forfeited their lives for adherence to their faith. But mark, the Scripture does not say that all who profess to be followers of Jesus Christ shall suffer persecution. No; the statement is, " All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." May it not be then that the difficulty is that there are so few who are living godly in Christ Jesus ? If they were  living that life, they would without doubt experience more persecution. The Saviour told his disciples, "If ye were of the world, the world would love his own." Those, then, who conform to the world, have no reason to fear persecution on the part of the world whatever their profession may be. Their ways please the world, and they are pleased with the ways of the world. They are neither crucified to the world, nor is the world crucified to them. Our Saviour's words stated in the reverse form would be as true as is his utterance in the form in which we find it. If the world love you, ye are of the world. So if our ways please the world, and the world is pleased with us, and we enjoy the love of the world, we may know we are of the world; but to be of the world is to be separated from God, for the love of the world and the love of the Father are separate, and cannot be united in the same individual. 1 John 2:15. Why the world now offers so little oppo-sition to the Christian is to many a difficult problem. For instance, the writer listened recently to a sermon from the text, " The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death." 1 Cor. 15: 26. The enemies of the Church were enumerated by the speaker, the last of these enemies being death itself. Among the enemies of the Church that were mentioned was the world. This is correct; the world is an enemy to the Church. But to demonstrate that at the present time the world is an enemy to the Church, evidently presented some dif-ficulties to the mind of the speaker. So, after showing how that by offering temptations to sin, the world stood in the way of the Christian, he said, " The world may not now be a persecuting world, but is nevertheless a seductive world." How comes this about ? Has the world really ceased to be a persecuting world ? It seemed so from the standpoint of the speaker. Doubtless as far as he and his pastorate were concerned, this was their ex-perience. Mingling so freely with the world in socials and festivals and various gatherings for pleasure and amusement, how could the world be looked upon as a persecuting world ? But has persecution ceased ? Does the world no longer oppose the religion of Jesus Christ and the work of his followers ? It must be a remarkable change that has come over this world of ours and its society, if it is so in harmony with the gospel of Jesus Christ that it has no disposition to persecute his followers. And this, we may remark, at the same time that it is admitted to be " a se-ductive world," just as intent upon alluring into sin as ever. This would indicate that its real character has not changed; if it is still engaged in seducing, why will it not persecute ? Ah, verily, it does persecute. But why, from the attitude of the Church, does it not appear to be a persecuting world ? It is with sadness that the facts in the case 'are stated. There are humble believers in Jesus Christ devoutly carrying out their con-scientious convictions of duty, who are, in various parts of this and other lands, arrested, fined, and imprisoned for their faith. The world offers opposition to them. Cannot the entire Church, or the professed Church of Jesus Christ see this ? If not, why not ? Can answer be given ? We will not imagine an answer; we need not imagine one. Facts give the answer. And those facts are that in this work of per-secution of the conscientious followers of Jesus Christ, the Church not only stands unconcerned and indifferent, as it were, but its members have been the very ones most aggressive in bringing about these persecu-tions. So that the case simply is that instead  of the world to them being a persecuting world, they are joining in with the world, even leading it on in the matter of persecu-tion. Verily, to them the world has ceased to be a persecuting world. No wonder the admission is sometimes made. This same Church, like the Church of former times, is to-day contending for the assistance of the civil power, so that her dogmas may be en-forced upon dissenters, as in days of yore; and then, it is thought, when this scheme is carried out, this nation will be indeed and in truth a Christian nation, with the world and the Church combined, yet persecuting the humble minority, who cannot conscientiously agree with or conform to, the established religion. But multitudes of honest Christians will not be drawn into this delusion. These very actions on the part of professed Christendom will open their eyes to see that that body of people who will demand religious legislation must certainly be in the wrong, for this method is not the method that Christ intro-duced for the promulgation of the gospel. The world has not changed. It is to-day a persecuting world. Let all the followers of Jesus Christ live godly lives in him, and they will realize the truthfulness of every one of the predictions of the Bible in regard to the opposition of the world. SPIRITUALISM. What is It? Its Origin, Character, and the End of It. BY G. MORSE GREEN. " AND the Lord God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou'  mayest freely eat: but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." Gen. 2: 16, 17. " And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: for God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." Gen. 3: 4, 5. Here was the first and greatest deception ever brought to bear upon the human race by the arch-enemy of God. If we study well the character of this, first fatal delusion, it will give us the key to every other deception of Satan. It was a direct contradiction of the word of God and an emphatic assertion that man would not " surely die; " and that, therefore, he was himself a god. " And ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." After Adam and Eve had yielded to Satan's deceptive assurance and had partaken of the forbidden fruit, God told them plainly that the death sentence meant: Thou shalt " re-turn unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken; for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return." Gen. 3: 19. Although God's word was fulfilled in the case of Adam and Eve, and their posterity from that day to this, Satan has continued to zealously promulgate the same falsehood ever since. " There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch, or a charmer, or a consulter with fa-miliar spirits, or Ła wizard, or a necromancer. For all that do these things are an abomina-tion unto the Lord." Dent. 18: 10-12. The last-day workings of this deception are 