230 AMERICAN SENTINEL ing, and a little while since, in yonder lodge, I dropped into the arms of the Lord Jesus just as I was. I under-stood, then, that a sinner is not justified by his works; that only by grace we are saved. I can see now how the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin; that not by any merit of mine am I made meet for the kingdom. Nor do I fear the judgment day now. because he said, " Whosoever believeth in me shall not perish, but have everlasting life." My hope now,' added this young-old convert, `is that I may be the means of leading other deluded souls-to the almighty Saviour." If all Christians and Christian Endeavorers would preach and practice, only and always in harmony with the above experience, the AMERICAN SENTINEL would re-, joice with exceeding joy. Ballot and Bullet.ŠNo. 2. BY H. E. GIDDINGS. As THE question of citizenship is being discussed so generally in regard to the responsibility of its exercise and its important bearing upon the most vital issues of the day, it is well for us to look into the real elements which constitute citizenship with its obligations and duties. Let us call a pause in the zealous rush for recog-nition, and ask the question, "Who is a citizen?" as to the use of the ballot, and, What is involved in this citi-zenship? "Citizen. In its modern use, the term citizen is ap-plied in Great Britain to a dweller in a town, and this either in the general sense of an inhabitant or in the narrower and stricter sense of one who enjoys its privi-leges and franchises. In France it denotes any one who is born in the country or naturalized in it; and in Amer-ica it is used in the same sense."ŠLibrary of Universal Knowledge, Vol. 4, p. 16. Here are defined two distinct applications of the term, and a third is intimated. First, a citizen is a resident aside from, and in the absence of, the political rights of franchise. This is the sense in which Paul used the term citizen, when it was insinuated that he was an Egyptian. He said, "I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia; a citizen of no mean city.'' SecondlyŠThe sense indicated by the expression, "born in the country or naturalized in it," is that all people born in a country are citizens by birthright; whether granted the privileges and franchises or not, and it includes all of both sexes and all classes. This idea of citizens by nativity can never be set aside even by naturalization in another country. In, this sense Paul used the fact of his birthright under the Roman authority in Acts 22:25-28. ThirdlyŠThe sense which is much more narrow than the preceding two, as it applies only to those who exer-cise the right of franchise, has a political significance. It might be well to quote again to show the origin  and meaning of the Łterm citizen in this third sense or use. "Aristotle defines a citizen [who exercises the right of franchise which is signified by voting in this country] to be one to whom belongs the right of taking part both in the deliberative or legislative, and the judicial, proceed-ings of the community of which he is a member. A citizen therefore can exist only in a free state. Between a citizen and a subject there is this distinction, that whilst the latter merely is governed the former also governs; and thus, though every citizen is a subject, many subjects are not citizens.ŠLibrary of Universal Knowledge, Vol. 7, p. 16. Ł Here we find a plain distinction between citizen and subject. In this sense only those are citizens who exercise the right of franchise, or the right to vote and hold office. The first two senses of residence and nativity, or the place where we live and the country in which we were born, belong alike to every person who has a home or place to 'live. This application is well nigh universal, while the limited use of the term citizen includes only those who exercise authority to govern. After taking out those who govern all the rest are but subjects. As the Government of the ,United States is by the people through their representatives, it holds that every one who exercises the right of franchise is represented in all the legitimate functions of the Government. Therefore, as governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, the power of the gov-ernmentŁ is simply the sum of the power of the several people who constitute the governing element; or those exercising the right to vote. This power being first in the single individual and delegated to a general fund by the acceptance of the rights of franchise and by assuming all its duties and ob-ligations, each voter must equally bear the responsibility for the acts of government. The Folly of War. THE man to whom God granted to be the wisest of men said, " Wisdom is better than weapons of war." Is it that there are so few wise men among the nations that they put so great trust in navies, armaments, and bat-talions? If in proportion to their lack of wisdom men put trust in these things, how lamentably little wisdom there must be in the world at the present time. There never was a time in which men put greater confidence in "heavy battalions" than at the present. So, when at last these forces are put in motion, those who have trusted in them most will meet with bitterest reverses. It is not given to those who are, from the human point of view, the swift and strong, to win in the final contests. ŠPresent Truth. " Gon helps the heavy battalions," is a quotation which expresses the "faith" of the world's "Christian" nations, as manifested by their works. , - 