82 THE AIVIERIcAN SENTINEL. crafty ways of the Jesuitical system whose al-liance they so deeply crave. Yet, although we should be as glad as anybody to see the Roman Catholics .putting the Bible into the lands of their children, even then we most de-cidedly object to their doing it in the public schools and at public expense. But the Corresponding Secretary goes on:Š "This is not a question of versions, but of the right of the word of God to a place at all in the public schools. Prof. Tayler Lewis once wrote two valuable articles on the theme, The One Bible,' in which he maintained that no body of Catholic scholars, in the face of the scholarly world, would deny that King James's version is a real version of the Holy Scriptures, while Protestant scholarship cheer-fully admits the same of the Douay Bible. There are not a half a dozen passages in it which even seem to inculcate any distinct-ively Roman-doctrine. It is a Latinized ver-sion rather than Anglo-Saxon, far less plain than ours, but it is a version." Ł Exactly what Mr. Stevenson means by the phrase "distinctively Roman doctrine" we cannot say, because the popular Protestantism of the day is making so many compromises with Romanism that it is difficult to tell just what is distinctively Roman doctrine. But we here quote one verse from the Douay ver-sion, and ask the non-Catholic people of this country whether this is not enough distinct-ively Roman in doctrine to distinctively con-demn the National Reformers in their pro-posal to give the Catholics power to teach such stuff in the public schools of this Nation. We quote Hebrews 11:21, which in the Douay version reads thus " By faith Jacob dying, blessed each of the sons of Joseph, and adored the top of his rod." To adore, is "to worship with profound re-verence; to pay divine honors to; to honor as a god."Š Webster. Therefore the Douay ver-sion distinctly inculcates the doctrine that Jacob worshiped with profound reverence the top of his rod; that he paid divine honors to, that he honored as a god, the top of his rod. And this is the version of the Bible which the National Reformers "wouldn't object" to have a majority of Catholics by law to put into the hands of the children of a minority of non-Catholics. This is the doctrine which the National Reformers propose, by constitu-tional amendment, to empower a majority of Roman Catholics in any school district of the United States, to teach to the children of non-Catholics. Therefore, if National Reform suc-ceeds, what is to hinder the Roman Catholic majority from teaching your children and mine to adore the top of the priest's rod, in the public schools? For what is the Bible to be taught for in the public schools if it is not to be obeyed in the public schools? And if the Catholic Bible is to be taught in the public schools where the Catholics are a ma-jority, then is not the Catholic Bible to be obeyed in such schools ? As the National Reformers propose to have "religious worship" as well as religious instruction in the public schools; as they propose to have Catholic wor-ship and instruction in the Catholic Bible in the schools where Catholics are in the major-ity; and as the Catholic Bible says that Jacob  "adored the top of his rod," "as a figure of Christ's scepter and kingdom, as an instance and argument of his faith "Šthen-why should not the children in those schools adore the top of the priest's rod, "as a figure of Christ's scepter and kingdom," whose vicegerent on earth the Pope is, and also " as an instance and argument of their faith "? Who can pre-vent it, when once the Roman Catholics are empowered by constitutional amendment to do so? How long shall it be before the American people will awake to the essential wickedness of the National Reform movement? Whether, according to Mr. Stevenson's idea, this passage is one of the less than half a dozen passages which inculcate any distinct-ively Roman doctrine, we know not, but we do know that it inculcates distinctively idola-trous doctrine. But even then that is not the primary question involved here. Whether there be in the Douay version a half dozen such passages, or one such passage, or none at all, the principle is the same. And it is the principle upon which we stand. That princi-ple is that the Catholic majority has just as much right to force the Catholic Bible, and the Catholic instruction, and the Catholic wor-ship, upon the non-Catholic minority in the public schools as the Protestant majority has to force the Protestant Bible and the Protest-ant instruction, and the Protestant worship, upon the non-Protestant minority in the pub-lic schools. And that is but to say that there is no right at all on either side of the questioA, nor in the question anywhere. And this only illustrates the principle that neither the Bible, nor religious instruction, nor religious wor-ship, can of right have any place in the public schools of the United States Government, or of any other civil government on earth. We have cited the above passage from the Douay version, and made the argument upon it, only to make more clearly apparent the justice of the principle, and not because we think that the Catholics have any less right in the matter than Protestants have. But is there any, prospect of the National Reformers succeeding in this project? There is decidedly a favorable prospect of it, and therein lies the danger. It must always be borne in mind that the phrase National Re-form Association embraces all the "evan-gelical' churches, the Prohibition Party, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Now all this force, allied with the Catholic Church, and increasing its strength by the support of the professional politicians whom it can influence, can carry their issue at the polls as soon as they can bring the matter to a vote. The only question that remains an open one is, Can they gain the alliance of the Catholic Church ? With a few more such bids as this one made by the Saratoga meeting, we are sure they can, even if they do not by this one. To set forth the matter a little more fully, let us size up the proportions of the bid that was made at Saratoga. First, they said in substance that the Douay version and King James's version of the Script- ures are the one Bible; that the Catholic Bible is just as nearly the true word of God as is the Protestant Bible; and that the great question is not one of versions, but of the right to this word of God to a place in the public schools, while the question of versions is a secondary matter, to be decided after the main question has been decided. Secondly, they declared that wherever the Catholics are in the majority, they may put the Catholic Bible, and Catholic instruction, and Catholic worship, into the public schools. Now let us suppose that the Catholic Church accepts the bid, what would be the result? By this alliance the National Reform Party can carry a constitutional amendment, declaring that the Bible shall  forever have a place in the instruction of the public schools of this Nation. Thus that question will be fixed, and whether the Bible and its instruction shall be in the schools, would be no more a matter of controversy. The only question then re-maining will be, What Bible? And by the main question already decided, this question will be reduced to very narrow limits. It will be only a question between Catholics and Protestants. Because so far as the non-relig-ionists are concerned, the question is already decided that the Bible shall be in the schools; and to the man who cares nothing particularly about the Bible or its instruction, it will make not a particle of difference what Bible is in the schools; and this indifference will be justi-fied and emphasized by the National Reform Protestant concession, already made, that there is no difference. Therefore the question of, What Bible ? being solely one between Cath-olics and Protestants, what would be the re-sult? Here are some figures from the census of 1880. In Catholics. Protestants of all classes. California, 216,000. 52,621. Louisiana, 280,000. 100,223. Massachusetts, 500,000. 253,397. Wisconsin, 306,000. 189,844. Minnesota, 139,500. 118,627. New York, 1,210,000. 771,171. Connecticut, 175;000. 131,450. Rhode Island, 96,000. 37,150. Colorado, 23,000. 14,992. Nevada, 5,000. 2,117. Washington Ter., 12,000. 6,023. Montana, 16,450. 1,896. Arizona, 42,000. 141. New Mexico, 121,000. 290. Therefore, if the Catholic Church should accept the Saratoga National Reform bid for her alliance, and the question of the Bible and religious instruction in the public schools were decided to-morrow, or next year, or at any other time, the Catholic Bible, Catholic instruction, and Catholic worship, could be established in all the public schools of these ten States and four Territories. Nor did the Saratoga meeting stop with this. Read the following from the official record of the proceedings:Š " REV. DR. PRICE, of Tennessee: 'I wish to ask the Secretary, Has any attempt ever been made by the National Reform Association to ascertain whether a consensus; or agreement, could be reached with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens, whereby we may unite in sup-port of the schools as they do in Massachu-setts?' 