108 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. pelled to attend worship at the parish church. They were subsequently tried, and were sentenced to pay fines varying from five to thirty pounds. One of these men, Elder Holmes, refused to pay his fine and was most brutally whipped. Two men who witnessed the whipping shook hands with Holmes, for which they were sentenced to pay a fine of forty shillings each or else receive a whipping. The fines were paid by friends. As might be supposed, cases of persecu-tion for conscience' sake increased in number until it finally culminated in the brutal whipping of women, and the hanging of Quakers and witches. These facts give us some faint idea of the Na-tional Reform conception of "liberty;" and should warn the American people not to trust their liberties in the hands of men who are so blinded by.  bigotry as to imagine that the Puritans were "the seeds of truth " " with which Almighty God planted the New World to preserve civil and religious liberty." The only thing that can equal this in absurdity is the claim sometimes put forth by Papists, that the Roman Catholic Church is the bulwark of liberty. Instead of the name and memory of the Puritans being " cherished and held sacred," Americans should blush for their wicked deeds of intolerance; and warned by the evil which they did in the name of religion, should see to it that such power be forever kept out of the hands of those who, like the editor of the Statesman, sigh for "a breath of the Puritans." C. P. B. Ł -4.-Ł Christianity and the Nation. NOTHING is more difficult at times than to successfully project the truth against preconceived error, so that the wrong will give way. And where the error is the offspring of the feelings rather than of reason, the task becomes well-nigh impos-sible. And the dfficulty is not at all lessened but is greatly increased when the party in error, unable to controvert the proof brought against him, persistently adheres to his own opinion, not always through sheer obstinacy, but because, and naturally so, he trusts his intuitions more than his reason. In purely religious and distinctively devotional mattersŠas in the realm of faithŠthere is much to justify such an attitude. But in the do-main where reason and history determine fact and furnish the solution to problems, to depend upon the intuitions,Ša some-thing akin to, " I want it so, and I feel it must be so,"Šis to subvert reason and and oftentimes to pervert history. We make these remarks preliminary to a consideration of a subject upon which we have recently had something to say and concerning which erroneous views are held in various quarters ;Šwe allude to the relation of Christianity to the Nation. It has been affirmed, (1) that Christianity  is the common law of the land, and (2) we have recently, and for the first time, met with the proposition that Christianity is part of the constitutional law of the land. Let us consider these propositions. 1. In support of the proposition that Christianity is the common law of the land, it is said (a) that Webster took this position in the famous Girard will case; and (b) that the country was settled and founded by ŁChristian men whose religion became the common law. In reply to this we have to say :Š (a) Webster's deliverance was that of an attorney for the contestants of the will; and he claimed that the clause prohibiting clergymen from entering the college build-ings was unconstitutional. The United States Supreme Court. held the clause to be constitutional and sustained the will. Webster's tentative position, therefore, fell to the ground. There is nothing in all Webster's speeches and pleas, as a ju-rist familiar with them tells us, where the position is ever advanced a second time. (b) It is claimed that the country was settled and founded by Christian men whose religion became the common law of the land. To this the reply is (1) that the States were settled separately and by dif-ferent nationalities, each supreme in its own sphere, and that there was no law common to them all, nor from the nature of the case could be; that Massachusetts and Connecticut made Congregationalism the established law of those States; that Virginia made Episcopacy the law of the State; that New York made no law on the subject; evidently the practices of the States differed; and not only so, but they differed as to the meaning of the term "Christian "; for the Baptists and Friends were driven out of one ' State ; what kind of Christianity was that, and how could it to-day be the common law of the land, which denied recognition to two branches of the Church of Christ ? Again, (2) to the claim that Christian-ity is the common law of the land, we reply that the courts have decided other-wise, e. g., the Supreme Court of Ohio has expressly declared that "neither Chris-tianity nor any other system of religion is a part of the law of the State." This de-cision was reaffirmed afterwards; and still later the same Court said, " If Christian-ity is a law of the State, like every law, it must have a sanction; adequate penalties must be provided. . . . No one seri-ously contends for any such doctrine in this country, or I might almost say in this age of the world." (23 Ohio State Reports.) Again, Judge Welch, of the Ohio Supreme Court, said that the teach-ing of the Christian.religion in'the public schools " violates the spirit of our consti-tutional guarantees " ; that "if we have no right to tax the citizen to support worship, we have no right to tax him to support religious instruction." (Granger 0. S. R. 250, Board of Education vs. Miner et al.)  And Chief Justice Cooley, of Michigan, declares, " all support of religious instruc-tion must be entirely vol unt ary ." What kind of common law is that which can only be enforced by voluntary agreement and not at all by process of law ? Still further, the Supreme Court of Maine, as we mentioned recently, has de-cided that " Christianity as a system is unknown to our laws." (Maine R. 38 p. 379.) To this we could add decisions from other States, but these must suffice. And here the question naturally arises, how can Christianity be the common law of the land when some States distinctly re-pudiate it ? To this the reply is made that " a State can not nullify or prescribe matters within the domain of the whole Nation." The obvious rejoinder to this is the Xth Article of the Constitution, which declares that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States are re-served to the States respectively or to the people." Now the Constitution not only has not delegated to Congress the power to enforce Christianity as a national reli-gion based on common law, but in the First Amendment it explicitly prohibits Congress from making any law " respect-ing an establishment of religion." The matter, therefore, under the Xth Article of the Constitution, already cited, is rele-gated to the States, who may declare, as States have authoritatively declared them-selves upon the matter, some making the Christian religion part of the common law of the State,Šas Pennsylvania, Massachu-setts, and Connecticut,Šothers declaring Christianity to be no part of the law of the State,Š as Maine and Ohio. Obvi-ously, that which is not common law of all the States is not common law of the whole country. 2. To the proposition that Christianity is part of the constitutional law of the land, we reply, the Constitution di- rectly against the proposition. First, we have the declaration of the Constitution itself in the First Amendment, denying to Congress the right "to make any law re-specting the establishment of religion." Think of Congrdss being prohibited from enforcing the common law of the land ! Yet such would be the absurd situation were Christianity part of the common law. Again, the negative evidence points to the same conclusion; for we find no mention of God in the ConstitutionŠnot even in the oath required of the President. Does this make the Constitution athe-istic ? Not at all. To be an atheist is to explicitly deny the existence of God, as to be a theist is to affirm his existence. The Constitution neither affirms nor denies the existence of God, and is consequently neither theistic nor atheistic; it is a purely secular instrument. Lastly, the historical evidence sustains the proposition that Christianity is not the law of the land. In support of this 