240 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, APRIL 13, 1899. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is in this world to sound the trumpet of alarm. That, is the reason it does not coo like a dove, as some of our critics think it ought to do. THERE is no part of this country where the people are not liable to find themselves, suddenly and with-out warning, in the tightening coils of the movement to enforce Sunday observance by law. So do not wait for' the crisis to come, but set to work to educate and warn the people in your neighborhood now. wSt THE Rev. W. E. McLennan, Metho-odist, says of the problem of "the church and the masses," that "Whereas, in the beginning the mon-eyed classes were arrayed against Christianity, in these days they are identified with it. The poor cannot distinguish between the church and their taskmasters who support and govern the church. The consequence is that while sixty per cent. of the employer class are connected with the church, only four per cent. of the employed class are found in it." No VITAL truth can be taught in this world without offending some-body. If you try not to say any-thing that might offend somebody, you will only please nobody and of-fend God. Nom the following, which we take from the Keystone Gleaner (Pa.), of April 6:Š "In the cities of Pittsburg and Alle-gheny there is a branch organization of the Evangelical Alliance of 180 members, which means that 180 churches have allied themselves to-gether for the accomplishment of the  purposes of the Evangelical Alliance One of these purposes is to secure a better observance of the 'Lord's day.' During the first week of Jan-uary, under the auspices of this Alli-ance, 5,000 Christian workers cov-ered the two cities with literature in one day." Five thousand Christian young people in one place, with mistaken zeal spreading literature to educate the people into the idea of Sunday enforcement. And these covered the cities of Pittsburg and Allegheny-450,000 combined populationŠin one day! Is it not high time that those who understand the evil that is involved in this movement for Sunday enforcement, be doing some-thing to educate the people in regard to the danger which is threate them individually, and to the n as a whole, by this proposed union of the religious and civil powers? Who cannot see, from such facts, that the 'crisis in this controvery is fast approaching? LIBERTY is more than a political question. To discuss the advisabil-ity of granting or withholding lib-erty from any people, is to question the advisability of recognizing indiv-idual rights. And this, in the United States, is to question the advisabil-ity of maintaining or repudiating the Declaration of Independence and the national Constitution. But these cannot be repudiated without a political revolution. All political parties have upheld the Constitution and Deciaration of Independence. When the Southern States Łrepudiated the latter docu-ment by maintaining the doctrine of negro slavery, it meant not a con-test of politics, but a repudiation of the Government itself. Political contests are settledevery few years, quietly, at the polls. But this question of liberty or slavery was settled by four years of terrible war. Yet to-day there are many people, and readers of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL at that, who se& nothing more than a question of politics in the  policy of foreign conquest upon which the American Government has entered. The denial of liberty to any people is a denial of the American doctrine of inalienable rights; and a denial of this includes a denial of the individ-ual rights of conscience; and a de-nial of these rights is a denial of the right to observe a Sabbath day in accordance with the dictates of con-scienceŠto observe the seventh day according to the commandment of God, in opposition to first-day ob-servance by the commandment of men. Do you see anything more than mere politics in that? We do. AN exchange observes, in making reference to the pope's letter on Americanism, that the aged Italian within the Vatican "is anxious that there should be a Catholic American government, but no American Cath-olic church." THE Sabbath "preserved" by law is about as valuable as religion pre-served on ice. If it has not inherent life enough to preserve itself, it is of no value to anybody. KEEP your own horizon clear, and you will not need to worry over the political horizons of states or na-tions. Ir an evil is cherished in your heart, it is impossible to keep it from flow-ing out into Your life. Do NOT look at truth merely on its negative side` it is the positive side of truth that gives us benefit. CRUSH out individualism in a re-public, and when it is done the repub-lic itself is gone. THE profits of "expansion" can be much more easily reckoned than the costs. 