66 AMERICAN SENTINEL. This is the actual situation; and in view of it, how unwise to foster a sort of "patriotism" which glorifies war, and covets the opportunity to demonstrate national prowess amidst death and carnage. Let us have a different patriotism taught to our youth and children. IT makes a great deal of difference whether you get satisfaction out of those things which tend to ennoble and prolong life, or out of things that tend to debase and destroy it. Christians Are a Sect. WHEN the Apostle Paul came to Rome, certain of the Jews came to him and said : "We desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest : for as concerning this sect, we know that everywhere it is spoken against." Acts 28:22. No one will question the application of the words "this sect" to the Christians. Now, if Christians were a sect in Paul's day, at what time did they cease to be a sect? Obviously, they are as much a sect now as they ever were. This being so, the term "non-sectarian" cannot apply to anything that is Christian; and the very common use that is made of it to designate some religious movement or undertaking that is backed by several or all the churches together, is without any warrant of fact. It is nothing against Christianity that its adherents constitute a sect. But it is something against Christians when they try to get state aid for a religious enterprise, on the ground of its being "non-sectarian." To such as see no call for a paper like the AMERICAN SENTINEL we would suggest an investigation of facts and figures pertaining to the formation of religious organiza-tions in the land to-day for political purposes. Right, Dr. Parkhurst! New York " World," January 24. THE Rev. Dr. Parkhurst's sermon yesterday was on the personal need every one has of accepting the atoning blood of Christ for his salvation. After the doctor had closed his manuscript, he said:Š "My ideas on this subject in all its phases are very different now from what they were a few years ago. They are very different from what they were when I first preached to you from this pulpit. I have come to the conclusion that it is unsafe, for me at least, to trust any man who is not openly and confessedly a Christian, not only theoretically but in his life. "A new heart is needed by individuals. Unless indi-viduals are changed and reformed we cannot have re-formed cities and governments. For that reason, more than ever before in my life, I feel the necessity of personal pleading with you for your soul's good. To that work and that work only I shall devote all my sermons and all my efforts this winter." Not What It Used To Be. BY WILLIAM WARD SIMPSON. WANTEDŠA Law that will make men seem good, That will make a Sinner do as he should; That will make him walk in the good old path, Make him go to church and keep the Sabbath; If he don't want to pray, make him pray, by force; Each day from his Bible at least read a verse. Such a law is needed just now, for you see Religion is not what it used to be! Brantford, Ontario. The Bible Condemns It. "WHATSOEVER is not of faith, is sin." Rom. 14:23, To observe Sunday by compulsion lof law, is not of faith. Therefore such Sunday observance is sin. And a large part of the professedly Christian people of this country are calling on the legislatures for laws. that would compel people to sin. Military "Christianity." IN a discourse given at the Rev. Thomas Dixon's. church in Brooklyn, January 24, 'Mrs. Mary E. Lease, the well-known lecturer, made this allusion to the spread- ing spirit of militarism which is mistaken in these days. for patriotism and even for Christianity:Š "The modern parson, is too often identified with the military. Visiting the other day a fashionable church not one hundred miles distant from this spot, crowded with well dressed people, I was shocked to see one of the side rooms stocked with firearms. They sang of the. Prince of Peace, but with those loaded arms near by I thought a more appropriate song would be 'Johnny, get, your gun."' IN Atlanta, Ga., the question of fusing the Bible in the public schools has been before the school authorities for some time past. A Bible text-book was first sub-mitted, but was objected to by the Catholics and Jews. The Catholics demanded that the text-book give the Catholic version of the Ten Commandments, and also teach the Catholic doctrine on the subject of marriage and divorce. These changes were made, and others to satisfy the :religious opinions of the Jews; and whether the text-book will now be acceptable remains to be seen. It should be evident, however, that attempts to teach the Bible in the public schools must :be a fruitful source of religious controversy; while :it cannot be denied that a booklof religious teachingwhich is satisfactoryto Prot-estantseatholics, and Jews alike, must come far short 