AMERICAN SENTINEL. 457 us to be recipients of this power are the first steps toward the possible practice of unselfishness and the enjoyment of liberty. This kind of service is true religion, and such as have this kind will practice it regardless of all obsta-cles and hardships. So the brave and loyal servants of God and his law are not the servants of compulsion, but of volition. God knew all this, and his wisdom compels not, but says, "Whosoever will, let him come." He leaves us free to serve him or not to serve him, as we choose. Now, if God has left this power of choice with us individually, then no man or combination of men, no government or combination of the same, can have any right to interfere in any way with any one. no matter how great or how humble, in the practice of religion in the way he sees it, or in the non-practice of any. The civil law is for the regulation of civil affairs only, and may compel men while they remain among their fellows to be civil in their outward acts; but not to be religious either inwardly or outwardly. Thomas Jefferson saw these points when he said in the Declaration of Independence that " All men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." He held that gov-ernments are instituted among men to protect them in the enjoyment of their rights, not to take them away; and this protection is what the United States Constitu-tion was intended to impart, in that clause known as the First Amendment, which declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Let each and every citizen and lawmaker, as well as all Christians, zealously cherish these rights. And, reader, consider, if .your neighbor differs from you in his religious practice, he is no more different from you than are you from him; and if God in infinite wisdom has left us all at liberty to choose our own service and the manner of it according to conviction, then we ought also freely to grant the same to our fellowmen. In so doing the blessings of liberty may be gathered in rich measure; for as has been shown, the reward of unselfishness is liberty. • ...  WHEN Mr. McAll, the founder of the McAll mission in Paris, went to that city, he knew but two French words, Š" God," and "love." The prevailing religion was against him, the power of the State was not in his favor; yet by the power expressed in those two words he estab-lished his gospel mission and was highly successful in res-cuing souls from the slavery of sin. He was encouraged to undertake his seemingly difficult task by these words, addressed to him one day by a stranger : "Sir, I have something important to tell you. You are now in a quarter inhabited by workmen. We all have left a reli-gion of superstition and tyranny; if some one came to teach us a religion of liberty and sincerity, many of us would be ready to listen." .. ¨a.  "THE truth shall make you free." Sunday Laws from a Youth's Standpoint. BY J. F. BALLENGER. CHARLIEŠDo you really think, George, that Sunday laws are wrong? GEORGEŠYes; I know that they are wrong. CharlieŠWhat makes you think so? GeorgeŠWell, I will tell you. Somebody sent father some papers called the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and I read them, and I tell you, Charlie, I got more out of them on religious liberty than I ever knew before; and father says he has, too. CharlieŠWhat do you mean by religious liberty? I don't know that I just understand what that means. GeorgeŠWhy, that means that the Government should not make laws to try to compel men to be reli-gious or to keep Sunday, but to leave every one free to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science. CharlieŠOh yes, I see; it means the same as the First Amendment to the Constitution, where it says "Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of reli-gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." We had that in our lesson on "civil government" in school just a few days ago. GeorgeŠThat's it, exactly, Charlie; Sundays laws are contrary to the Constitution and take away our reli-gious liberty ; and the paper I spoke of shows that Sunday laws are not only contrary to the Constitution, but also contrary to the words of Christ, for you know he says, "Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The things of Caesar means the government of the State, and the things of God, the government of God. To keep a day as a Sabbath holy unto God is something that belongs alone to God, and the State should have nothing to do with it. CharlieŠWould it not be wrong for me to work on Sunday? GeorgeŠIf you believed that Sunday is the day that God commands you to rest on and then you should go right on and work on that day, you would be sinning against God, and you would have to give an account to Him alone and to no one else. But suppose you believed that the seventh day or Saturday is the Sabbath and kept it, as many good people do, and as the command-ment plainly tells us to do, and then went quietly about your work on the first day of the week, wherein would you harm any one else? Could not everybody else go to meeting or stay at home or do as they liked just the same as though you were sitting in the house or at church, or just as they do on other days of the week. CharlieŠWhy, yes, I should think so. But would I not be casting a bad influence if I should work on Sunday? GeorgeŠNo; not if you believed that the seventh day 