42 AMERICAN SENTINEL. wholly different from what they are under our newer civ-ilization, to construct Procrustes beds upon which they seek to stretch the great issue of the present, chopping, cramping and straining them as mercilessly a did the legendary giant of Athens his fated victims. In this case the victim resists, and thereupon occurs a struggle be-tween the hoary Procrustes of Conservatism and the youthful giant of Progress.." This was not intended to describe-the descent of Sun- day Jegislation 'from the Church-and-State regimes of antiquity, and its conflict with the spirit of liberty and progress to-day; but it could not possibly apply to any-thing more perfectly. Christian Citizenship. BY H. E. GIDDINGS. THIS new phrase, "Christian Citizenship," is now claiming the field of discussion. To some it seems to present the remedy for all the great evils which threaten our national, social, and personal welfare: To others it appears to be the germ which, cultivated to a successful growth. will constitute an evil more far-reaching and destructive to the individual, society, and the nation, than any of the present or past evils which have stricken our political institutions with the mildew of corruption. ' " Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." This being true, governments can justly exercise no power except derived power. This nation of ours is a "government .of the people, by the people, and for the people." Thus the people themselves are the Government. This can properly be expressed in other words Urns : The people acting together as a government, can exer-cise no power except what they have, as single individ-uals, consented to place, at the disposal of the mass. The consent of the governed is expressed in the capacity of single individuals, by the exercise of the right of fran-chise in voting. In this way the individuals indicate what measures they favor, and pledge what power they have to carry them out. At the same time perhaps, and in the same way, they choose agents to accomplish their governmental desires. The citizen as an individual thus gives his consent to the government, and the government in this way derives power or authority to act. What is termed an officer of government, only has a right to execute the will of the people expressed in the vote. If in attempting to do this as an agent, he finds it will not succeed because threat-ened by some element of discontent or the invasion of some foreign foe, he has a right to call upon the people who have exercised the power of franchise, in making him their executive, to make their pledges good by a strong police force, or an army sufficiently clothed with the real element of governmental power, which is the sword, to quell the disturbance or repel the invasion. The governed can only delegate, pledge, or consent  to furnish, to thegovernment, physical power. That is. the only power ever employed by civil government., In fact all the power that is needed in civil affairs is power to compel uncivil men to be civil. But after a man becomes a Christian, he has two kinds of powerŠspiritual and physical. Can both be-come elements in his "citizenship "? As the "citizenship" is the original factor and basis of civil government, and really constitutes it, whatever elements make up the citizenship determines the kind of government. The elements of citizenship are simply those represented in the power delegated to the government. Otherwise there would be injustice. To illustrate,: If Christianity were an element in citizenship and yet was to be controlled by the government without being de-rived from the consent of -the governed, this would not be just; because "governments derive their just pOwers from the consent of the governed." If the government were to exercise authority with respect to Christianity without its being recognized as an element in citizenship nor derived through the consent of the citizens, this would be again to abandon the prin-ciple and exercise unjust power because not derived from the consent of the governed. . If Christianity were an element in earthly citizenship and delegated to the government yet not dominated by governmental power, then the government Would be guilty of neglecting one of its functions, and violating the trust imposed in it. Finally: Suppose, as the advocates of "Christian Citizenship assume, that Christianity is an element in citizenship, and that it is delegated to the government, and the government does administerŁ it. Then the re-sponsibility is shifted from the individual to the nation : ,and instead of looking to God as the object of worship .and obedience, as well as trust and confidenee, -he looks to the government. And this would-  beunchristian ; be-cause God has definitely forbidden itŠ" Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help." Ps. 146:3. THERE is a contest in this city over a piece of church property, in which Mr. John D. Rockefeller is one of the principals. The case was in court the other day, and in Mr. Rockefeller's testimony the following passage oc-curred :Š " Who was the real owner of the lease obtained from the St. Mark's Church? " "I was," he answered. ,"But it was held in the name of the church; why was that ?" "The reason for that," replied Mr. Rockefeller, "was to escape taxation. If I had held the lease in my name the property would have been taxed. If the church held it, it was exempt from taxation." This is an illustration of one of the many evils of ex-empting church property from taxation. Here was,  one of the richest men in the world, a professed Christian too, who was the real owner of a lease on property; but to 