lg ANICIEELIE CA.N VOL. 10. No. 2)... Ok it, the Supreme Court of the United States rendered a decision February 29, 1892, in which the court unanimously declared this to be a religious people and a Christian nation, and so accomplished all that was intended to be accomplished in the religious amendŁ ments to the Constitution proposed by Senator Blair. Therefore, Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Georgia, and it is hereby declared to be the sense of this body, that the above cited act of Congress is contrary to the principles upon which our Government was established and contrary to the Con-stitution of the same, and that it is impolitic, un-wise, undemocratic, and has a tendency to the union of Church and State, and is therefore subversive of both our civil and religious liberties, and in our judg-ment is void and of no effect. The committee to whom the resolution was referred reported it favorably, but on account of the absence of Mr. Hurst, as the result of sickness, the resolution was not brought up for passage and died with the legislative Ł session of 1894. D. W. Reavis, who sends us the reso-lution, and who was present when the committee resolved to recommend that the resolution " do pass," assures us that had it been brought up it would certainly have passed,, and that it will be introduced at the next session and pushed to final action. Leo XIII. Interested in the United States. THE pope's invitation to Cardinal Gib- bons to visit Rome, has caused considerable stir and comment among those in touch with the " Roman machine." For a long time it has been evident that the -pop i.s watching with much interest the Catholic Church in America., and also the political affairs of our country. In an interview with Bishop Keane, on his return from Rome, Sept. 23, 1894, he is reported as saying :Š The pope finds in American political as well as relig-ious affairs an unceasing source of interest. The pope believes that America is to be the bulwark of the Catholic Church of the future, . The pope asked all sorts of questions about political affairs in this country, discussed them at length, and found America a tireless subject of conversation, Just a few days before the cardinal's call to visit Rome was made public, he gave the press a four-column article, highly eulogizing the pope. Among other things, he said :Š Ere long it [the United States] may be favored with fresh proofs of his [Leo XIII.] solicitude. The special graciousness with which Leo XIII. has long watched the development of the church in this country was repeatedly bourne in upon the American archbishops during their visit to Rome, and has filled their hearts with love and gratitude. The day has passed in which the Catholic Church in the United States was regarded with trembling and anxiety. It is issuing from the state of tutelage. By God's mercy it has thriven and grown strong. (Italics mine.) The United States has heretofore been regarded as a missionary country by the Roman power, and has been under the direction and control of the department which rules the so-called " missionary countries." This department is known as the " Propaganda. Since Monsignor Satolli came to this country a quiet change has been going on in the relation of theŁ Catholic Church in the United States with Rome. In the pope's letter granting him plenipotentiary power, given at Rome, Jan. 24, 1893, we find these significant words:Š For grave reasons the churches of the United States of America demand of us special care and provision, (italics mine) hence we came to the conclusion that an apostolic delegation should be established in said States. Part of Monsignor Satolli's mission has been to prepare the way for the transferral of the church in this country from the  control of the Propaganda to the Vatican or pope himself through his secretary of state. This would place the church in the same relation to the Vatican as exists be-tween the same powers in Europe. To this end Cardinal Gibbons has been called to Rome, and this is what has caused the stir and comments before alluded to. The fact that Leo XIII. is preparing an encyclical letter to the United States has been kept before the public for several months, no doubt to prepare the way for this important change. The pope has been at work in the East. With his flattery he has induced five million of Eastern Greeks to join the Roman Catholics, allowing them to retain their patriarchal organization, to use Greek liturgies and to continue to allow their clergy to marry. He is now looking westward to this country which in times past has been such an excellent missionary field, hoping by his cajolery and wheed-ling to accomplish the same thing here. Only a few days ago the following went the rounds of the press :Š PARIS, Dec. 12, 1894.ŠThe pope is anxious to do in the West what he has just succeeded in doing in the East, A Roman dispatch to Figaro announces : In order to bring about a union of the churches, he intends drawing together at the Vatican a number of Catholic prelatei of England and America, to confer with them upon the best means of realizing his plan. His holiness particularly desires, says the dispatch, the advice of Cardinals Gibbons and Taschereau. Very few understand the power that now rules the Catholic Church in America— known as the " Propaganda—" Latin, De Propaganda Fide (or for the propagation ti flith). This department was organ- iii by Pope Gregory IV. by a bull dated June 22, 1622. Its object was to direct and forward the propagation of the Cath-olic religion among the heathen. It soon came to add to its work that of proselyting from the Christian dissenters. Spies were sent everywhere to find in what Protestant families disagreement existed. They would at once stir up the dissension in order to separate husbands and wives,, parents and children. If a gambler or tradesman was in want of money, a prop-agandist was on hand with his confiden-tial, " I will help you," on condition of apostasy. As these measures failed the Propaganda added to its name the signi-ficant words, " et extirpandis hogreticis" (and the extirpation of heretics). It was at the hands of this society or department that the Waldensian and Re-formed churches suffered in the middle of the seventeenth century. It is this society, under a mask of civilization, that directs the affairs of the Catholic-Church in this country, and it is for the purpose of con-sulting about the transfer of the United States from the control of ° this society to the pope himself that Cardinal Gibbons is going to Rome. If the church of Rome in this country is, as the cardinal says, "issuing from the state of tutelage," and its tutor thus far has been this society, it must have learned all of the deviltry of the Propaganda before described, and isŁ entitled to step up higher in wickednessŁ and accept the control of the grand "Pan-tata " Leo XIII. or his successors. Now the question with us is, What kind of tutelage will it (the church in America) get from the pope ? With Leo XIII.'s wailing and lamenting' for temporal power it is not hard to understand. Let the pope himself tell us. In a speech in Rome to the pontificial household, delivered Dec. 23, 1894, only a few days ago, he said :Š The faith [Catholicity] is reviving among the na- tions, which have come to recognize that civil virtues: and laws are not sufficient to restrain the masses. It. is of great importance that all work togeher to make religion a force in, public as well as in private life, It is the duty of rulers to tend their support/ to relig-ious creeds.Š(Italics mine.)ŠN. Y. World, Ace. 25:. 1894. And Cardinal Gibbons, after. saying: " the church is issuing from the state of: tutelage," adds:Š However popes may wish to avoid politics they are of necessity great factors in the political movements of the world, The triumphs of the holy see in this field as in that of faith and morals, have, since the accession of Leo XIII. to the chair of St. Peter, been conspicuous,ŠN.Y. World, Aug. 27, 1894. Nineteenth century Protestantism does not notice all this. Many who claim to be Protestants are such only in name. Forgetting the past they are drifting away from the old landmarks, while listening to Rome's siren song of liberty. The fol- lowing extract from a sermon by " Rev." I. W. Hathaway, pastor of the Westmin-ster Presbyterian Church, Jersey City— preached Dec. 9, 1894, illustrates the in difference of some so-called Protestants :Š To my mind there is no more danger from the,  Roman Catholic Church than there is of the sun's turning back in its course. The Roman Catholic Church in this country is not what it is in South.  America or Spain. But that is just what the pope wants to make it. He wants the church in America to be just like it is in Spain. In fact, he wants to unite all the churches under his own control and direction that they may act as a unit. It is needless to say persecution will follow. It is the prin-ciple of Rome to extirpate "heretics." True Protestantism is and always was heresy with Rome. In the Rhemish Tes- by the Primate:of Ire- tament, sanaitZe land, the Archbishop of Dublin, ana oI`SII VI. and clergy generally of Ireland, we find the following comment on Acts 28: 22:Š The Church of God [i. e,, of Rome] calling the Protestant doctrine heresy in the worst sense that ever was, doeth right and justly, (Italics mine.) In the same book, notes on Rev. 11: 20, are these words:Š Christian people [Romanists], bishops especially, should have great zeal against heretics [Protestants], of whatever name, after the example of holy Elias, that in zeal killed four hundred and fifty false prophets. (Italics mine.) When the American Church comes under the exclusive control and directions of the pope, what will be the result ? Outside of G-od's Word there is no way to determine; but by studying the sure word of prophecy we can get a glimpse of the iniquity that follows. In Rev. 17 is a view of Rome in the last days under the symbol of a woman ruling or controlling the nations; verse 18 says: " The woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth; " and in verses 6, 13 and 14, we are told that a time of persecu-tion against God's people is surely coming, but in the end God's people get the vic-tory, while the papacy goes into the lake of fire. The pope is the " visible head " of the Catholic Church. In Rev. 13, the Catholic Church, with its temporal power, is symbolized by a beast with seven heads and ten horns, and "upon his heads the name of blasphemy ;" verse 2 tells us that " the dragon gave him his power, and his seat and great authority." In Rev. 12 : 9, we read that the dragon is also called the devil and Satan. Then it is a fact that all the power the pope has he gets from Satan. If the pope is the "visible head," then Satan is the invisible head of the Roman 