TT-1V AMb;tacAN sVNVINPL. 35 the Papacy held almost unlimited sway for nearly that length of time. Yet it was not established when the Apostle Paul wrote to the Thessalonians (2 Thess. 2 : 3-8) that the day of the Lord could not come until the wicked power, of which he had told them, had been revealed and had done his work. The marginal references to the second chapter of Second Thessalo-nians, testify to the fact that this power is by Protestants held to be the same as that described in the seventh of Daniel. That wicked power has been revealed, and has done the very work that the word of God said it would do ; but " that day" has not yet come, for the papal power has not yet been destroyed by the brightness of Christ's second coming; neither has His kingdom been set up in the earth, for the apostle plainly connects the second advent and the kingdom. In his charge to Tim-othy (2 Tim. 4 :1), he says : " I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick [living] and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom; preach the word." If National Reformers would only heed this admoni-tion we should hear less of the wicked non-sense that Christ is now this world's king; also of the kindred foolishness that he can become such by political action. The do-minion of this world is promised to Christ (see second Psalm), but it is to be given to him, not by man, but by the Father ; and when it is so given he will come and de-stroy the wicked powers of earth, restore it to its Eden glory, and reign over it for-ever, even for ever and ever. " We, ac-cording to his promise," "look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwell-eth righteousness." 2 Peter 3:13. This is the word of God and we confidently rest upon it, being assured that what he has promised he is able to fulfill, without the impious aid of those who like Uzzah, would put forth their hands to steady the ark of God's eternal purpose. C. P. B. Washington's Views on Religious Liberty. ALTHOUGH Washington had never as decided views as had Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe on individual liberty, yet being so prominent in our revolutionary history, and subsequently being selected by the American people as their first president, and having well defined re-ligious views, we naturally look to him for the more conservative view of reli-gious liberty,Šthe views which have been more generally followed in practice by the American Nation. He was M.ore a prac-tical man than a philosopher; and, espe-cially in his youth he followed more in the line of custom and conservatism than in the more advanced ideas of civil and re-ligious liberty of the times. But as time went on and he had more to do with gov-ernment, as he was brought more in con-tact with other statesmen, his views be- came more and more marked in favor of absolute liberty, whether political or re-ligious. Illustrative of his views early in life, Sparks says thatŠ In his first military campaigns he was careful to have religious services performed regularly in camp. Even in the midst of active scenes at the Great Meadows this was the daily practice. During the French war, when the Government of Virginia neglected to provide chaplains for the army, he remonstrated against such an impropriety, and urged his request till they were appointed. Washington was an active church mem-ber, and "while in retirement at Mt. Ver-non," says Sparks " he took a lively inter-est in church affairs, regularly attending public worship, and being at different times a vestryman in two parishes." And one entry in his diary is, " Went to church, and fasted all day." Although he had seven miles to go to attend church, Sparks says that " a Sabbath rarely occurs in which it is not recorded [in his diary] that he went to church. If there was an omis- sion it was caused by the weather, or bad-ness of the roads." So from Washington being a conserva-tive man and always taking a lively inter-est in church affairs, his ideas on religious liberty will ever be interesting as marking the conservative view on that question; while the views of Jefferson and Madison will be equally interesting as marking the more advanced ideas of the times. The views of both classes are impressed upon the State documents of the times, and rep-resent the ideas which were intended to be inserted in the great fundamental char-ters of the American political system. In a reply, August 19, 1789, to an address from the Protestant Episcopal Church, Washington says:Š On this occasion it would ill become me to con-ceal the joy I have felt in perceiving the fraternal affection which appears to increase every day among the friends of genuine religion. It affords edifying prospects, indeed, to see Christians of every denomination dwell together in more charity [in the United Statei, under our secular Govern-ment], and conduct themselves in respect to each other with a more Christian-like spirit than ever they have done in any former age, or in any other nation. Writings of Washington, Vol. 12, page 404. Again, in a letter to Sir Edward New-enham (Oct. 20, 1792), while President, he writes :Š Of all the animosities which have existed among mankind, those which are caused by a difference of sentiments in religion: appear to be the most invet-erate and distressing, and ought most to be depre-cated. I was in hopes that the enlightened and liberal policy, which has marked the present age, would at least have reconciled Christians of every denomination so far that we should never again see their religious disputes carried to such a pitch as to endanger the peace of society. In his often quoted reply to the address of the Baptists of Virginia, in May 1789, Washington thus set forth his views on this important question :Š If I could have entertained the slightest appre-hension, that the Constitution framed in the con-vention, when I had the honor to preside, might  possibly endanger the religious rights of any ec-clesiastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it; and, if I could now conceive that the general Government might be so administered as to render the liberty of conscience insecure, I beg you will be persuaded, that no one' would be more zealous than myself to establish effectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny, and every species of religious persecution. For you doubtless remember, that I have often ex-pressed my sentiments that every man, conducting himself as a good citizen, and being accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, ought to be protected in worshiping the Deity according to the dictates of his own conscience. Like Madison, too, he held that this liberty is a right, not merely a blessing conferred by the Government. It is the citizen's place to assert his religious rights, not to ask for this liberty as a favor from the Government. And when Government has guaranteed all these rightsŠabsolute freedom in religious worshipŠit has done no more than was its duty to do and a citizen is under no special obligation to the Government on that account. The citizen pays his taxes, to have his rights secured, and the Government is then in duty bound to protect his religious rights just as truly as it is bound to protect his life or property. Washington says:-- Government being, among other purposes, in-stituted to protect the consciences of men from oppression, it certainly is the duty of rulers, not only to abstain from it themselves, but according to their stations, to prevent it in others. The liberty enjoyed by the people of these States, of worshiping Almighty God, agreeable to their consciences, is not only among the choicest of their blessings, but also of their rights [italics Wash-ington's]. While men perform their social duties faithfully, they do all that society or the State can with propriety demand or expect; and remain re-sponsible only to their Maker for the religion, or mode of faith, which they may prefer or profess. Š Reply to Address of the annual Conference of Quakers, October 1789. Writings of Washington, Vol. 12, page 168. He wrote a number of other equally em-phatic epistles declaring these same views. But probably no document, in reference to religious liberty during his administra-tion, caused so much discussion or settled more authoritatively the American doctrine of the relation of government and religion than did the treaty with Tripoli, made Nov. 4, 1796. Article 11, of that treaty asserted emphatically that " The Govern-ment of the United Slates of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Chris-tian religion ;" this statement expressing the views of the Constitution that was then taken by all partiesŠboth its friends and its enemies; the former considering this a laudable characteristic, while the latter considered it a fatal defect: but at that time there was no question but that the Constitution completely secularized our political system, and the Tripolitan treaty was merely a statement of the gen-erally accepted idea at home, an idea which the administration wished also to have understood abroad. The Govern-ment was not founded on, nor did it favor or establish any religion whatever; but was founded on natural rightsŠthe rights 