AMERICAN SENTINEL.. 391 Christian nation" can be nothing else than the embodi-ment of a combined Church and State. The "United Sentinels of America" constitute a po-litical party which proposes that all its principles shall be in accord with the Holy Bible. There is only one sense in which it could be true that the principles of a politica party were in accord with the Bible, and that would mean that they express antagonism to any union of religion with the civil power; for the total separation of the reli-gious and civil powers is scriptural. But the principles of civil government can touch the doctrines of the Bible only at this one point; anything more than this must savor of a union of Church and State. Ł 0- 1 -4 -Ł THE Catholic Citizen, of Milwaukee, consoles itself over the decision of Attorney-General McKenna against a Catholic chapel at West Point, with the reflection that "the disposition to be punctilious in keeping Church and State absolutely separate is going to hurt our separate brethren [Protestants] quite as much as ourselves;" and adds, "Once clearly understood, the policy of separation of Church and State is a policy that we can accommodate ourselves to." The papacy may accommodate its methods of work to that policy, but never its principles. A change of principles would obviate the necessity of any "accommo-dation" to the policy upheld in the Attorney-General's decision. Sunday Closing of Shops in Australia. THE following "Petition from Shopkeepers," which was printed in a recent issue of the Sydney (Aus.) Daily Telegraph, shows the progress of the Sunday-closing movement in that part of the eastern hemisphere:Š " SUNDAY CLOSING OF SHOPS. "PETITION FROM SHOPKEEPERS. " ACTION BY THE COUNCIL OF THE CHURCHES. " `Thou shalt not sell on Sunday,' is as much a com-mandment, from the standpoint of the Council of the Churches, as "Thou shalt not steal.' At yesterday's meeting of the Council a petition was laid on the table, signed by 961 shopkeepers in the city and suburbs, ask-ing the government to enforce the law relating to Sunday closing. The movement was initiated by the Council, but the work of getting signatures to the petition has been done by the city missionaries and a number of Chris-tian Endeavorers." Upon the significance of this action, in connection with the attitude of tae churches towards the question of giving a religious character to the new Federal Consti-tution, a writer in the Southern Sentinel and Herald of Liberty (Melbourne) says:Š " 'The movement was initiated by the Council' of the Churches, this says. That is correct. Every movement for uniting Church and State and enforcing religious  dogmas and customs by law has always been initiated by the churches. "And what is this movement for? What was the end in view in the circulation of this petition?ŠTo ask the government to enforce the law relating to Sunday clos-ing.' There you have it in plain words. And who, with this fresh action standing so plainly before him, can doubt why the Council of the Churches desires to have God recognized in the constitution for Federated Austra-lia, or why Cardinal Moran wished that document to be put on a religious basis? Who cannot see that immedi-ately that were done these churches represented would demand religious laws, and then insist on the government enforcing them? That the churches in this movement to put `God' and `religion' in the constitution desire to get control of the government for the enforcement of re-ligion, and especially Sunday observance, by law, must be as plain as plain can be to anyone who will take a mo-ment's time to lo.'k at the facts." IN an address at the recent opening of the Naval War College at Newport, Assistant Secretary of the Navy Roo'sevelt said : "It is idle to talk of such a nation [as the United States] ever being led into a course of wanton aggression or conflict with military powers by the pos-session of a sufficient navy. The danger is of precisely the opposite character. If we forget that in the last re-sort we can only secure peace by being ready and willing to fight for it, we may some day have bitter cause to realize that a rich nation which is slothful, timid or unwieldy is an easy prey for any people which still Łre-tains those most valuable of all qualities, the soldierly virtues." The "soldierly virtues" are the fighting ability and instinct; and these the nation must retain or become a prey to other nations that have not ceased to cultivate them. We must, like the nat ons of the Old World,main-tain peace by being ready to fight forŁ it. So we are told. This is the world's way of keeping the peace, but it is not the Christian way. The language of this official of the Government does not confirm the dictum of the Supreme Court, that "this is a Christian nation." IN a recent number of Blackwood's Magazine (Lon-don) a writer says : "To avert the battle of Armageddon is the aim of the European Concert, and we hardly know what else can avert it." But faith in the ability (if the European Concert to accomplish what it aims at saould have been materially lessened in thinking minds by the rehabilitation of Turkey as a military power. For years the European Concert has been aiming at the dismemberment of the Sultan's kingdom, and the exact opposite of this seems to be the only thing they have accompli6hed. The great battle of Armageddon will surely come; for no human power can avert it. See Rev. 16:14-16. But every individual who now chooses to become a child of God can stand in that day under the protection of the Almighty. 