60 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. pressed in it. However, we will allow its authors to explain its meaning. We may not find perfect harmony of sentiment in all the utterances of the National Reform Party; but the preponderance of testimony shows clearly that the amendment which they propose is de-signed to be practical as well as ornamental. In their Convention at Cleveland, Ohio, among other resolutions they adopted the following:Š " Resolved, That we re-affirm that this relig-ious amendment, instead of infringing on any individual's right of conscience, or tending in the least degree to a union of Church and State, will afford the fullest security against a cor-rupting church establishment, and form the strongest safeguard of both the civil and relig-ious liberties of all citizens." That sounds well; and is admirably adapted to the purpose for which it was framed; namely, to disarm opposition and lead people to suppose that that which they propose is simply a paper reform (?). Just what they do really propose is shown by the following bit of Christian (?) sentiment expressed by Professor C. A. Blanch- ard in the Pittsburgh convention in 1874:Š "Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measure, and of course Congress establishes a standard for money, weight, and measure. So Congress must establish a stand-ard of religion, or admit anything called relig-ion." Of course the unavoidable inference is that Congress must make laws to punish for false re-ligion, just as it makes laws to punish for false money, etc. And not only was this sentiment uttered in a National Reform Convention, but it was applauded by the members Of that con- vention. But how such an amendment could possibly "form the strongest safeguard of both the civil and religious liberties of all citi-zens," is not apparent to the average mind. And no wonder; for it is evident that were Congress to do anything of the kind it would restrict the religious liberty of all who should be in any respect outside of the religion thus established by law. For instance, the Christian Statesman once said of certain Congressmen who traveled on Sunday on their way to Washing- ton:Š " Not one of those men who thus violated the Sabbath is fit to hold official position in a Christian nation. . Ł . Give us in the Na-tional Constitution, the simple acknowledg-ment of the law of God as the supreme law of nations and all the results indicated in this note will ultimately be secured." That is to say, give us the proposed amend-ment, and the man who travels on Sunday cannot hold officel He may be a Jew or a Seventh-day Baptist who conscientiously keeps the seventh day according to the strict letter of the fourth commandment;Šmay he not then set off for the national capital on Sunday ? ŠNo, indeed; for by act of Congress Sunday has been declared to be the Sabbath; and so the man who has rested on the seventh day, accord-ing to the commandment, as he verily believes, must also rest the first day according to act of Congress! I And thus he is restrained both as to his outward actions and as to his conscience. But suppose that he does travel on Sunday? ŠOh! he cannot hold office. And more than that he cannot vote! In short, hewill be disfran-chised! At least that is the way Mr. W. J. Cole- man, one of the principal exponents of this  new plan of providing "the strongest safeguard of both the civil and religious liberties of all citizens," puts it. In the Statesman of Novem-ber 1, 1883, Mr. Coleman, in reply to a question, said:-- " The classes who would object [to the amend.-ment] are . . . Jews, infidels, atheists, and others. These classes are perfectly satisfied with the Constitution as it is. How would they stand toward it, if it recognized the author-ity of our Lord Jesus Christ? To be perfectly plain, I believe that the existence of a Chris-tian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." There can be no mistaking this language. For all practical purposes all who object to the amendment are to be considered as Jews and infidels and atheists, and they are all to be disfranchised! And what for? Oh, forsooth the Jew keeps his store open on Sunday; and the infidels and atheistsŠwell, being infidels and atheists, and this being a Christian nation, they of course can have no political rights anyway! They may be all well enough as neighbors, and tax payers, but then they can't vote; for don't you see that by act of Congress this has been made a Christian nation! But it may be urged that Jews, infidels, and atheists are disfranchised because they will not do that which the amended Constitution re-quires; namely, recognize Christ as the ruler of the nation; also that being Jews, infidels, and atheists they are necessarily immoral persons, and therefore should have no voice in a govern-ment whose fundamental code is the moral law. But how about the Seventh-day Baptist? He fully recognizes Christ and the moral law, in fact, he is quite a stickler for the law. What, then, will be the attitude of the National Reform Government to one who differs from it only in that he, in all' good conscience, keeps the day anciently observed by the people of God ? Let Dr. Jonathan Edwards, of Illinois, answer. After speaking of atheists, deists, and Jews, he says:Š "'The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined withthe other members of this class by the accident of differ-ing with the mass of Christians upon the ques-tion of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. These all are, for the occa-sion, and as far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together." Such an utterance needs no comment. This is not the sentiment of Him who said, "My kingdom is not of this world;" but it savors of the Dark Ages, and has about it the scent of the musty dungeons of the Inquisition. But history repeats itself; and why may it not do so in this as well as in other things ? This Re-form (?) Association is rapidly growing in num-bers and influence. Their speakers are con-stantly in the field; and they are rapidly en-listing the sympathy and the co-operation of almost the entire ministry of our land. They are themselves ministers, and they go from place to place, visiting clergymen and securing the use of their churches in which to hold meet ings. They appeal to church people in behalf of religion; to moralists, in behalf of moral- ity; to the temperance people, in behalf of temperance; and to laboring people in be- half of a day of rest for workingmen. Rail-road accidents are by them held up as evi-dence of the displeasure of God toward the railway companies for running their trains on Sunday. Cyclones and floods are repre-sented as the judgments of God upon the Na-tion for its wickedness in refusing to make the decalogue (as expounded by the National Reform Party) the fundamental law of the land! In short, they appeal to any and every motive to compass their endsŠand all for what ? That they may multiply tenfold the number of hypocrites; that our churches may be defiled by political corruption; that religious bigotry and intolerance may spring up and flourish in our land, and that they may, like Saul of Tarsus before his conversion, enter into every house, and, haling men and women, commit to prison all who do not believe and practice as they, the National Reform Party, dictate. C. P. BOLLMAN. National Reformed Presbyterianism. AT its recent session at Rochester, New York, the Reformed Presbyterian Synod adopted a memorial to Congress, urging upon that body the necessity of the Religious Amendment to the Constitution, advocated by the National Reform Party. The memorial "is to be signed by all adult members of the church both male and fe-male, and laid before the National Legislature." We have not space to print the memorial en- tire; suffice it to say that it presents the usual National Reform complaints about the present Constitution having in it " no acknowledgment of God nor of the moral laws of his Govern-ment;" that this "encourages the false doctrine that civil government has no moral nor religious duties to perform; " that the refusal of this nation to acknowledge the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ as king, and to accept his law, " involves the Nation in unspeakable guilt and exposes us to the chastising and destroying judgments of God," etc., etc., and closes with these words:Š " That we who present this petition are un-able, for these reasons, to accept the, Constitution as a right fundamental law for the nation, and are, therefore, debarred on conscientious grounds from participation in the Government. We can neither take office under it ourselves, nor by voting for others, lay this Constitution upon them as the rule of their official conduct. " We pray you, therefore, to propose such an amendment to the National Constitution as shall suitably acknowledge Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil gov-ernment, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of supreme authority in national affairs, and so place all Christian laws, institutions, and usages in our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." It will be seen at once that this is a regular National Reform document. Indeed, the Na-tional Reform movement is nothing else than Reformed Presbyterianism in politics. The first step that was ever taken, the first paper that was ever presented in behalf of the Na- tional Reform movement, was by a Reformed Presbyterian, Mr. John Alexander, of Philadel-phia. The leading, active workers in National Reform, called District Secretaries, are, with two exceptions, Reformed Presbyterians. Rev. W. J. Coleman, Rev. R. A. Gault, Rev. R. C. 