0 Ł  Tang man hearing words; and be/Moe not 'judge hirn not. Šiesus chrkt:' VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, JUNE 14, 1900. NUMBER 23. THE S — ',tpico—f-; OF LIBERTY win lve ) (COnlinup..:412 'Le  Sentinel) -dr Published' weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, by the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION Subscription price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, 0. P. 1301...T.VIA 23,1 Editors Human jurisdiction extends only to outward acts, and to these only so far as they affect the rights of others. .4 .4 A religious opinion is not any more entitled to the protection of law than is an opinion touching secular affairs. .4 .4 Every person's conscience is for himself alone, and if every person would be sufficiently conscientious for himself he would not try to become conscience for other people. .4 at "The general welfare" cannot be promoted by ig-noring individual welfare. "The masses" cannot be reached by any good which goes over the head of the individual. .4 .4 Religious liberty is not license to trample upon the rights of our fellowmen. It is, however, freedom from interference in all matters of religious faith ; and in all practice touching religion, not inconsistent with the equal rights of others. az Opinions do not outweigh rights. Every person has a right to rest, and likewise a right to labor, on Sunday, or any day, and one person's opinion that  everybody ought to rest on a certain day cannot be of any binding force upon another individual. .4 .4 Civil government can have no rightful jurisdiction over the conscience, because of human limitations; and because to give it such authority would be to put it in the place of God. <Pt The rights of a thousand men are no greater than the rights of a single individual. Each one of the thousand has a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness ; but the individual has exactly the same right, and the thousand has it only because each indi-vidual in the thousand has it. Is the Legal Sunday Civil? It is denied by many that Sunday laws are in the nature of religious legislation. Indeed, it has been declared by some of the higher courts that statutes re-quiring suspensiOn of secular labor or business upon the first day of the week are merely "police regula-tions," "sanitary measures," etc., and not in any sense violative of the American principle of total separation of church and state. This is an important question, worthy of the most careful and candid consideration. PHYSICAL REST NECESSARY. Of course physical rest is one of the necessities of human beings. Nor can it be denied that under certain conditions a regularly recurring weekly day of rest is most helpful to man. Rest deems to have been one of the objects the Creator had in view in giving the Sab-bath, if not in the beginning before the fall, at least when He called His chosen people out of Egypt. See Deut. 5 :14. SPIRITUAL REST PRIMARY. But while the Sabbath gives physical rest, and was. so  designed, its primary significance is, and was de- 