THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 261 truth. .Don't imagine that I have come here Ł to-day to make a statement orthis nature without beinc,''  able to substantiate it. Well, many of you may have heard of the commotion that was raised in Boston a couple of years ago by the introduc-tion into the public schools of that city, of a book in which it was stated that the doctrine of indulgences was a pardon for sins, and that as such the Catholic Church commended their sale. [It was not so stated. It was said that they "were remissions of the penances imposed upon persons whose sins had brought scandal on the com-munity." Then it was said that "in proceSs of time they were represented as actual pardons of guilt, and the purchaser was said to be delivered from all his sins." All of which we at the time proved to be true by the evidence of Catholic history and Catholic Archbishops.] Now, I need not go so far as Boston to find something of a like nature to this. The general hiStory used in the higher grades in the public schools on the Coast, up to very recently, and as far as I know may even yet, in some instances, has been Barnes's, and at page 438 of that -work the author thus expresses himself on the . subject of indulgences : " In 1517, there came into Saxony, one Tetzel, a Dominican Friar (mark the discourteous language, one Tetzel), selling indulgences. The wickedness and impu-dence of this man, who was better fitted to receive than dispense pardon for sin, aroused general indig-nation." Now, if this means anything at all, it means that indulgences are a pardon from sin, and that as such they were sold by the Catholic Chtirch. Again, at page 321, the same writer tells his young readers that it was only in the sixth century that the Pope of Rome became the head of the Catholic Church. When speaking of the conversion of the Lom-bards to Christianity, he says: "The people, who until the overthrow of the emperor had been accustomed to depend upon Rome for political guidance, naturally continued to look thither for spiritual counsel and (now mark you) the. Bishop Of Rome insensibly became head of the Catholic Church." That is, it was by political circum-stances that the Bishop or Pope of Rome.became the head of our holy church. [And that is the literal truth. It was al-together by religio-political circumstances that the Bishop of Rome became the head of the Catholic Church. The difficulty with the papal system is that it is diametrically opposed to everything that is true, and it would be impossi-ble to teach any truth in the history of Europe in the Christian era that would suit that system.] What a monstrous, what a shameful and bare-. faced untruth ! Mr. Barnes may be, in social and domestic life, an excellent man ; of that I have no knowledge; but one thing I do know, and that is that he is not qualified to write a gen-eral history for the Catholic youth of this Coast. Still again, at page 265 of the same work, the same writer complacently tells us that Julian the apos-tate, the greatest enemy the Christian cause ever had on -earth, not even excepting the cruel Nero or the bloody Diocletian, was an excellent man. And that is the history that the Catholics of our public schools are required to learn, that is the history that Catholic parents are re-quired to purchase and put into the hands of their sons and daughters to learn. This I indig-nantly declare, is an insult to our reason and an indignity to our faith. It is an evil that should not be tolerated to exist for a day in our midst. [In point of disposition and character it is certain that Julian was a better man than either Constantine or ŁTheodosius or Justinian; and a much better man than many of the Popes.] And now, what is the remedy for such a con-dition of things as this? What is it that we.  Catholics have a just right to demand under the circumstances? It is beyond all manner of con-tradiction a change, a reformation of the entire system, and such a reformation as will bring back the system to its original condition, to its first principles. For it must be remembered that when first started the public school system of this country was not what it is now. Then ®it was Christian, now it is anti-Chris-tian. Then it was religious, now it is secular. Then, in a word, the persons having it in charge proceeded on the lines of making virtuous citizens by the dual .process of moral combined with secular instruction, while now the same is attempted by purely secular means. Again, the Catholics claim and call for a -.reformation of this matter for the reason that, as now administered, it is in direct conflict with the spirit and letter of the Constitutional law of this Republic, which secures to each of us, independent of creed or persuasion, an absolute freedom from all religious intolerance,. while here we have forced on us by the will of the majority a system of instruction which we are ready to show has been and is robbing our little ones by the thousand and by the million of what is dearer to them than their very existenceŠthe faith of their fathers. Who gave the State the absolute dominion over the finances of the whole country for such an ignoble purpose as this? Was it the object for which the public school system of this country was established, to destroy the faith of the Catholic- people? [No, neither to destroy it nor to build it up. Nor was it either to destroy or build up the faith of any other people.] It is a principle laid down in that magnificent document, the Declaration of Independence, drawn up in 1776, that there shall be no taxation with-out representation. It had been the violation of this principle on the part of the King of En-gland, that led to the achievement of the liberties of this country. For, be it understood, that it was not the taxation of the colonies, but the taxation without representation that led to the war of In-dependence. When, then, you support or endorse a system of this nature, you strike at the very root of constitutional libertyŠyou sap the very foundations on which our national greatness as a great liberalnation repose, and so, sooner or later, the evil consequences of such a proceeding are certain to be feltŠsooner or later the bitter fruits of such a policy are certain to be tasted. What then is the duty of the loyal, God-fearing Christian men of this land. It is to make com-mon cause against this common enemy. It is to check by every means in their power the onward Ł march of the hosts of unbelief and infidelity that are now solidly marching forward with such giant strides through the length and breadth of this great Nation, and for the existence of which the common school system is mainly responsible. Do not imagine that I am alone in enter-taining this idea of the spread of unbelief and the cause to which it should be attributed. It has been publicly avowed and frankly acknowledged by the very mouthpiece of the apostle of infi-delity in this land, for has not that hater of every-thing Christian, Col. R. Ingersoll, openly declared that he regarded the public school buildings of this country as the future cathedralsof the Nation. [We are not infidels, nor are we haters of any-thing Christian, but we must confess that Mr. Ingersoll's statement is, we fear, not far wrong, in view of the attacks of both the Catholic hi-erarchy and the would-be Protestant hierarchy, upon the public school.] The duty of all loyal, God-fearing Christian men, then, I repeat it, is to make common cause against this common foe. We should be one and all ready to sink our differences, to put aside our  prejudices, and so stand shoulder to shoulder in our efforts to keep this land Christian. If the men of other denominations are wise they will join with us in this struggle fareform, for if they do not the loss will be greater for them than for us. For while we, with the efforts we are making, will keep a very large proportion of our people, they will be completely abandoned by their own. Do not imagine that I am alone in entertain-ing this opinion. It has been acknowledged by some of the ablest and farthest seeing men of the Protestant community. And not to go be-yond the city of San Francisco for instance, the Rev. Dr. Platt of Grace Church used the follow-ing remarkable words twelve years ago in con-nection with this affair. Extract from Dr. Platt's sermon :Š " As Protestants we should Christianize our education, because, first, if our secular schools were intended exclusively to build up Protestant-ism, they are a great blunder, for they are break-ing it down. . . . Secular schools in the in-terest of Protestantism are a fatal blunder. . . . Secularism saves nothing, not even itself. As to Protestantism it is only a question of time when our present system of public schools will render it a dead factor. The issue is by these schOols, narrowing the controversy down to Romanism on the one hand and infidelity on the other. . . . As American citizens we should Christianize our education. When religion fails all fails. True liberty and immorality are strangers, but immor-ality and despotism are allies." These are remarkable words and deserve to be laid to heart and carefully studied by the entire Protestant community. [That is true, and it is so of every other such utterance by professed Protestants; for they are not Protestants, but Catholics. And such a system favored by any Protestant is a direct play into the hands of the Roman Catholic enemy of the American public school.] In fine then, we Catholics call for a reforma-tion of the public school system of education, be-cause it is dangerous to the well-being of the community, because it is the parent of infidelity, an abridgement of our constitutional rights, and destructive of parental authority. Sunday Prohibition. IN the SENTINEL of May 1, 1889, we referred to a bill passed by the Tennessee Legislature, making it a misdemeanor to sell wine, ale, or beer on Sunday. In commenting upon this we stated that the bill makes it a righteous act to sell those articles on the other six days of the week. To this statement exception as been taken. A gentleman who writes that he is friendly to the work of the SENTINEL, says that he thinks it is wrong to sell intoxicating drinks at any time; but believes that if the traffic cannot be wholly suppressed, it is right to suppress it partially. We will state in brief our position, and explain the statement that we made. We believe that the liquor traffic is entirely wrong. We are also in favor of suppressing it to any extent that can be done, and we do not de-cry a measure that will actually diminish the sale of liquor, for the simple reason that it is not total suppression. We believe that even less than half a loaf is better than no bread, but we have yet to see any evidence that the closing of Sunday saloons diminishes the amount of liquor drank. But even if this could be shown, it would not at all militate against our comment on the bill passed by the Tennessee Legislature. Our comment had reference not so much to the clos-ing of saloons on Sunday, as to the way in which the matter was put It was stated'iliat selling 