152 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE decease of an individual of note, at the present time, is usually made an occasion for an advertisement of Spiritualism. Not long ago the Spiritualists claimed to have a message from the "departed spirit" of the late Mr. Pullman, the millionaire car manufacturer, in which he expressed penitence because he had not done better by the working men. And now they come forward with a communication from Miss Willard, the lamented leader of the W. C. T. U. Miss Willard, it was announced, found herself upon a rather "low plane" in the spirit world,Šwhether as the sequence of having occupied a high plane in the material world, or not, was not stated. There is a natural interest on the part of most people to learn what the "spirits" of departed friends have to say for themselves, since they are supposed to be vastly wiser after death than they ever were or could have become in life. THE other day we received from some oneŠwhether a Spiritualist or not we do not knowŠa printed ,card setting forth the "benefits" which Spiritualism has conferred upon the human race. Among these were that "It proves man's immortality" "destroys all fear of death," "sweeps away the idea of a personal devil," "denies the soul-cor-rupting doctrine of any vicarious atonement for sin," and "solemnly affirms that every guilty soul must arise and become its own saviour." In this it takes issue with the Chkistian church, and if its claims are accepted, it must be denied that people are made happy by Christianity. But upon the well-established principle that a tree is known by its fruits, Spiritualism stands condemned. We never heard of any one who was made miserable by Christianity, and we never heard of any one who was made happy by Spiritualism. * * THE doctrine that a man must be his own saviour is not calculated to make any person happy who has any true knowledge of himself. The world has been trying that plan of salvation for thousands of years, and noth-ing has ever come of it but utter failure. The need of salvation for mankind was never more manifest than it is to-day. And as if in recognition,of this fact, there are more plans for self-salvation proclaimed to-day than were ever known in the past. * * * Tms doctrine that a man must save himself is iden- tical with the doctrine that a man must be saved by some other man, or set of men, or by the state. The Roman Catholic religion points the individual to the priest and the pope for salvation; in nothing can he go contrary to the dictum of priest and pope as regards religious belief and practice. And as both priest and pope are mortal beings like himself, having the same faculties that he himself has, and no more, and the same opportunities for obtaining spiritual knowledge that he has, and no better, it is plain that he might just as well depend on himself for salvation as upon them. And the same is true as regards an individual's relation to the state. The wisdom and power of the state are only human wisdom, such as is possessed by the individual. The doctrine of salvation by the state is now being widely heralded by many in the name of moral reform. But in principle it is identified with Romanism and Spiritualism; and in the natural course of events these three must join hands and stand together. There will yet be startling develop-ments pointing to the consummation of such a union. * A ROMAN Catholic priest, of Kingston, N. Y., having said in some remarks made at afaneral address, that it was the duty of every loyal Catholic to take up arms against the United States in case of war with Spain, the Catholic authorities there and at other places in the State have made almost frantic haste to disclaim his utterances as voicing the sentiment of the Catholic Church. They have taken the occasion to pose as fighting patriots of the most pronounced type, ready to follow the American flag in the bitterest opposition to the interests of that most Catholic nationŠSpain. And that they are, for the most part., sincere hi these protestations, we do not doubt. * IT seems to have been realized by the Catholic au-thorities that there was a logic- behind the priest's re-marks that would strongly appeal to the credibility of the American people. Unquestionably, consistency de-mands that all Catholics remain at least friendly to Spain; for, aS every person knows, Spain is joined in close union with the Catholic Church; and what does a union of church and state amount to if each of these is not to support the other? Spain does support the Catholic Church; that is beyond question. Shall the Catholic Church now refuse her support in Spain's extremity? We do not pretend to say what she will do; but we say that she cannot consistently withhold her active support from Spain when that "most Christian government" and faith_ ful ally of the church is threatened with harm from the forces of a foreign power. Especially must this be true when that foreign power is, in its principles of govern-ment, anti-papal. * * EVERY Catholic, therefore, whatever may be his per-sonal feelings and preferences, is as certainly hound to 