130 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. religion, it would be well for them clearly to define it. Not only that, it is neces-sary that they should define it; and, more than this; it is necessary that they should so define it that the definition will be uni-versally accepted. But that, we will venture, will never be done. For the Presbyterians to announce such a defini-tion, would be simply to announce a defini-tion that would be disputed by many, if not all, the other religious bodies of the country and of the world, which would make it at once a sectarian definition. Therefore until a definition has been made of what sectarianism is, and what religion is, which will clearly show the distinction between them, and be universally ac-cepted, all the efforts of this committee, or of Presbyterianism itself, will be simply movements in the dark. Yet this form of working is character-istic of the scheme of religious legislation and to force religion into the public schools. Those who are in favor of it make statements and formulate proposi-tions which they themselves do not un-derstand, and expect everybody unques-tioningly to accept. And then they go to work to get a piece of generalized mysti-cism in regard to religion recognized by the State with the purpose of enforcing it; then, when they have succeeded in that, all the definitions, explanations, and dis-tinctions are expected to follow and to be brought out by the decisions of courts or councils, and the result, at the last, could not possibly be anything else than the establishment of some one school of thought, or phase of religion which would be, in a word, nothing but sectarianism. As to the next point in this object, that the State must, for its own sake instruct the children in reverence for God as the basis for good morals, the first question to be asked is, What God shall it be whom the children shall be instructed to reverence ? for unless this be clearly de-fined and well settled so that the children may understand what the character of the God is, whom they are to reverence, good morals never can come from any such instruction. As Dr. Greer aptly in-quired, last winter, in a Presbyterian meeting in this city, Is it the God of the Trinitarian, or the God of the Unitarian ? Is it a god who proposes to save some people through the purifying process of purgatorial fire? or is it a god who pro-poses to save all people without the agency Ł of any fire at all ? Is it a god of such a bitter vengeful spirit that his wrath can spare but a very few of the human race ? or is it the God of love, whose love em-braces all mankind, and who is pained that there should be ono who would choose any other than a righteous course of conduct Upon the decision of this question rests all the merit of any teaching on the ques-tion of morals that ever might be given. For if those to whom is given the place  of instructors to the children, have false ideas of what the true God is, the ideas of- morals which they will inculcate will be false, and false ideas of morals never can develop good morals. And such a question would certainly have to be de-cided. If it is not decided before the step is taken, which the Synod demands shall be taken by the State, then it will have to be decided afterward, and just as soon as it is decided, the decision will not -be concurred in by a vast number -of people, and will, therefore, inevitably involve the whole question again in the same result as the other point, that is sectarianism. The sum of it all therefore is, that it is impossible to define any positive decided statement of religious belief without sec-tarianism; but as all these people with one voice deny the right of the State to teach sectarianism, the logic of the whole thing is that they, in that, deny what ought to be denied by every soulŠthe right, or even the ability of the State to give religious instruction to any extent whatever. The inculcation of religious views and moral ideas belongs to the Church only, and must be accomplished by moral suasion, by spiritual influences and spiritual power. It never can be done by State authority sustained by physical force, the only power at the command of the State. Such a wide-spread demand by that which professes to be the popular religion . of the country, that the State shall assume the place and functions of the instructor in religion and morals, is an open con-fession that those who make the profes-sion have forgotton the true relation and foundation of religion and morals, as well as the proper means and power by which alone, these can be made effective in education. The professed representatives of God and religion in this country need to find out who God really is, and what genuine religion really is. A. T. J. Modern Inquisitors. AND now comes the report of the trial and conviction of an American citizen 'in the State of Tennessee for the monstrous crime of religious convictions. Mr. R. M. King, a reputable citizen of Obion County in that State, but with the misfortune of belonging to the small sect of Seventh-day Adventists, having observed Satur-day as his Sabbath, was recently seized and indicted on the charge of plowing on the next day, "without regard" to the orthodox Sabbath. All the witnesses in the case testified to the good character of the accused as a law-abiding citizen. They all confessed -on cross-examination that they were not disturbed in any way, except that their " moral and religious feelings " were shocked. Their examina-tion showed that two of themŠChris-tian (?) gentlemenŠwere members of an  organization pledged to prosecute every vi-olation of Sabbath laws. The defendant's counsel offered- to prove that men in the same neighborhoodŠbut not holding un-orthodox religious viewsŠhad cut wheat, rafted logs and performed other work on Sunday for which they had not been legally disturbed; but the court would not permit him to submit his proof. The State's at-torney made an inflammatory speech against the crime of the defendant. The judge overruled a motion for a new trial, and. )1r. King was heavily fined for his criminal audacity in entertaining the re-ligious belief that the " Christian Sab-bath " was a secular day, on which he could conscientiously perform secular du-ties. Such are the first fruits of the heralded " Sabbath laws " in the land of alleged re-ligious liberty! So much for the adoption of the methods of the medival Inquisition by nineteenth-  century republican govern-ments! These are the laws and these are the method's, Californians, that we are de-manded by religious fanaticism to make for theŁgovernment of the citizens of this free State ! These Christian gentlemen of Tennessee are not persecutors. Oh, no ! They are only Christians, working for the temporal good of their fellow men! It were a shame to call them inquisitors! Religions men have never been known to persecute. They only " uphold the laws ! " ŠThe Dial, Oakland, California. .4-. Sunday Closing. THE Colorado Graphic declares that Sunday closing in Denver is a failure. " Sunday drinking," it says, " goes on as merrily as though the law did not ex-ist." And this without violation of the'  'statute. " The greedy consumer," says the Graphic, " has found legal loopholes through which to crawl, and drinks more now in private than he did when bar-room doors were wide open. The police are as powerless to suppress this Sunday drink-ing as they are to interfere with the Mayor's or Sheriff's claret at dinner if they choose to serve it. Private clubs have been organized and chartered all over the city. . . . One dollar pays a member's initiation fee and buys a key to a club-room doorŠusually an annex to a licensed saloon. Twenty-five cents a month pays expenses, and he is provided with all his thirst demands from Sunday morning until Sunday night at regular rates." And this is much the way Sunday closing works everywhere. If it closes the saloons, it does not keep people from getting liquor, as has been many times demonstrated; and as a temperance meas-ure it is just about as effective as high license, which is now so generally repudi-ated by temperance people. Those who desire prohibition should demand it pure 