216 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. TI2e AnzepicaR 3er2tNe1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 31, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers ofŁ the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL.  comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub ishers to pay for the same. IN a recent letter to the Christian Statesman, written from Cincinnati, District Secretary Foster says that the Journal and Messenger of that city gave an article on National Reform a few weeks since. But Mr. Foster forgets to say that the article was in point blank opposition to his so-called reform movement. It is an excellent arti-cle, and so we give it to the readers of the SENTI-NEL. We wish that it could be read by all who imagine that only infidels are opposed to the schemes of these pseudo-reformers. THE Christian Statesman of July 4, quotes ap-provingly the words of Rev. W. D. Gray befbre the Missouri Sabbath Convention :Š " I do not believe that, as a political maxim, Gov-ernments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. And so the object of this move-ment is an effort to change that feature in our fun-damental law." These words need no comment, for they show positively and clearly that the object of both the National Reform Association and of the American Sabbath Union is to subvert the very principles of our Government anal establish a religious des-potism upon the ruins of our free institutions. .4 Ł Ł JULY 10 a memorial was presented to the Helena Constitutional Convention from the Mon-tana Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, praying the convention to incorporate in the new constitution a clause providing for strict Sunday observance. Methodists were once perse-cuted for conscience' sake,but it seems that now they are themselves becoming persecutors. An article on another page of this paper shows how they are using the Sunday law of Tennessee to drive from the State those who conscientiously observe the seventh day, and at the same time their brethren in the North are laboring to make such things possible in Montana. Has'Methodism lost its old-time power, that it is invoking the civil power in behalf of its dogmas ? Ł Ł Ł  WE oppose Sunday laws not because the day is without divine authority, but because it is a religious institution, and because with matters of religious faith and practice civil government can-not of right have anything whatever to do. The innate iniquity of Sunday laws is well illustrated by the administration of such laws in Arkansas, Tennessee, and Georgia, where they have been used not to preserve the peace of the community while a portion of its citizens are engaged in wor-ship, but to oppress those who conscientiously ob-serve another day in obedience, as they verily believe, to the divine command. In the States mentioned, as the readers of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL are aware, men have been fined and im-prisoned for digging potatoes, painting, plowing, and such other work. But it may be urged that this is only enforcing the law; then why is it not enforced upon all alike? In all of these States, and in the very neighbor- hoods where the hand of the law has been laid upon these seventh-day worshipers, members of other churches and men who belong to no church at all have been permitted to violate the law with impunity, no complaint being made against them. The law has simply been used to harass those who hold views that are distasteful to the majority of the community in which they live. Such laws are a disgrace to any State. ADVOCATES of Sunday legislation urge in be-half of their measure that they are willing to grant an exemption clause permitting Seventh-day people to do "private work" on Sunday at " almost anything except to open shop, which would interfere with the general rest." But are seventh-day people the only ones who have any rights which are bound to be respected ? How about others who have no conscientious scruples in regard to Sunday. Must they rest simply be-cause others do? THE Denver, Colo., News is in favor of a Sun-day law which shall respect the "rights of those who from religious motives keep another day," and " also the rights of people who attach no re-ligious significance whatever to any day." That would be a very peculiar sort of a law, and to-tally unlike any Sunday law ever enacted, for it would apply only to those who believe that they ought to religiously observe the day. That being the case it would seem that they might get along very comfortably without such a law, but possibly some of them need it to reinforce their consciences. But much as we would like to see them gratified, we are not prepared to admit that the State has any just right to compel any man to perform even those religious duties which he freely admits that he should perform. WHEN the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union was before the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor last November, with the petition for a National Sunday law, the question was asked :Š " Could not this weekly rest-day be secured with-out reference to religion by having the workmen of of each establishment scheduled in regular order for one day of rest per week, whichever was most con-venient, not all resting on any one day ? " The answer was :Š "A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out and you take the rest out. Greed is so strong that nothing but God and conscience can keep him from capturing all the days for toil." And yet in the face of this it is denied that the Union is asking for religious legislation. A CORRESPONDENT writing to this paper from Placerville, California, under date of June 17, says :Š " Yesterday the Presbyterian minister had -a congregation of only seven persons, all ladies and one of them his wife. He embraced this oppor-tunity to present the matter of a petition for a National Sunday law, which he did in this way. He said, "All who are in favor of keeping the Sabbath stand up.' Of course all the seven arose. He then said, My object in taking this vote is to send a petition to Congress for a Sunday law, and I wished to take the sense of the church.' He also said that other churches were doing the same thing." Our correspondent says he can give the name of every member present at this meeting, and that  the total membership of the church is over one hun-dred. This church will of course be reported as being unanimously in favor of a National Sunday law, and the entire membership will be counted as petitioners in favor of such a measure. This does not seem exactly honest to ordinary people, but it is in perfect keeping with National Reform methods. WE have received No. 1, Vol. 1, of the Western American, a paper published in Chicago, Illinois; " devoted to politics that will preserve liberty, civil and religious." In his salutatory the editor says :Š " We shall courageously expose every attempt to unite Church and State, to secure fraudulently, pub-lic money for institutions under religious control, to weaken and in time destroy religious liberty." And again he says :Š " If the teachings of Christ mean anything, they command his followers to keep their hands and tongues out of politics, to concern themselves only with a government that is not of this world, and to render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." We welcome the American, to this field, and hope that it will prove true to its motto, and to its statement of principles. Certainly there are not at the present time too many papers to oppose this work of a union of Church and State. SUNDAY-LAW advocates persistently assert that they do not want a union of Church and State ; that nothing could be further from their designs or desires. Nevertheless the logic of their posi-tion compels some of their leading spirits to con-fess the truth. An utterance of the Rev. T. H. Tatlow at the Missouri Sabbath Convention is an evidence of this :Š " The party of carnal policy protests, and cries out that this is uniting Church and State. The Christian replies: It is indeed a union, but limited, and applies only so far as two separate jurisdictionsŠthe one spiritual and primary and the other secular and second-aryŠexercises each one its own appropriate authority, within its own individual province, to secure a two-fold good to the two-fold life of man." And what is such a union but a union of Church and State? And if the spiritual jurisdic-tion is primary, must it not dominate the civil? That was exactly the state of affairs in Rome in the palmiest day of the Papacy. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL 15 always wel-comed to our table. It is for religion ; but relig-ion free from the trammels of law. All expe-rience has shown that a Church in alliance with the State proceeds at once to become a monstrous *evil, and the religion of the devil. The thirst for power is natural to man, and the Churches of Rome and England have shown how religious men can abuse it. The Pope and the Archbishop of Canterbury are alike the enemies of all true re-ligion, true liberty, and true humanity. They are bulwarks of ' barbarism.ŠPolitical Record, San Francisco. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO Lie defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or, religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. it will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 