Nnw YORK, JULY 5, 1894. g16 A..TUM IRS CAW 7n1":1-'1111E NEL', VOL. 9, No. 21. re-  ANY One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE News, of Paris, Tenn., objects to our criticism of the courts of that State for lending themselves to the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists. The News remarks We do not believe the courts have convicted in this case upon the grounds of " religious persecution," but as justice blindfolded and knowing no man, religion or creed. It makes not a bit of difference what the News believes; its unbelief cannot change the facts. In deciding one of these Sunday cases in Tennessee, Judge Ham-mond said:Š Sectarian freedom of religious belief is guaranteed by the constitution [of Tennessee]; not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legisla-tion in the matter of Sunday observances, but only In the sense that he should not himself be disturbed. r the practices of his creed. The courts cannot change that which has been done, however done, by the civil law in favor of the Sunday observers. The religion of Jesus Christ is so inter-woven with the texture of our civilization and every one of its institutions, that it is impossible for any man or set of men to live among us and find exemp-tion from its influences and restraints. Sunday ob-servance is so essentially a part of that religion that it .:13 impossible to rid our laws of it. This grants the very thing that the News denies, namely, that Sunday laws are religious, and that they rest upon the religious prejudices of those having con-trol of legislation. The News should re-member that it is better to be right than to be popular; better to stand for princi- ple than for dollars and cents. Another point(?) made by the NeWs is this :Š We are a firm believer in religious freedom and the rights of every man being untrammeled when it comes to divine worship, provided he does not practice and preach a religion that is detrimental to the public welfare. In this case we have no fight to make on the religious principles held by the believers of the Adventist Church, but as Sunday is regarded as the day of rest by all the States of the Union, and by the majority of the people, we do object to the practice of some in publicly going about their work on the day that is recognized and most generally held as being the Sabbath, or day of rest. There are tens of thousands of just such firm believers in religious freedom. But of what value is it to any man to have the right to believe what he pleases if he is denied the right to practice as he believes ? The Adventists believe that they ought not only to rest on the Sabbath day, but to habitually devote Sunday to secular pursuits. Of what avail is it for them to do the one if they neglect the other ?  Some people have a religion so flexible that it can be readily adapted to their convenience; but not so the Advent-ists; with them the observance of the Sabbath and the secularization of Sunday is a sacred duty. They regard the Sab-bath as the memorial of God's creative power, and as the pledge of his power to recreate, to make new, and to sanctify. On the other hand they regard the Sun-day as a false Sabbath, a counterfeit of God's holy day, the mark or badge of the " mystery of iniquity," the " man of sin," "who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is, called God, so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." But those who have little or no conscience themselves, but have long been accustomed to follow the multitude, settle themselves down in a sort of satisfied self-righteousness and cannot understand why others should dare to displease the multitudeŠas though the multitude were God. Such forget, if they ever knew, that the Christian rule is: " We ought to obey God rather than men." MOB law has run wild in Colorado, and the Adjutant-General of the State has been seized by a mob, and tarred and feathered. But it is not alone by mobs that the law is violated, and the rights of the people outraged. At Atlantic City, N. J., June 27, Mrs. Justus R. Rice, the evangelist, while preaching on the street, was arrested and taken before Recorder Goulden, charged with disor-derly conduct. Before the beginning of the bearing she asked for time to secure witnesses, but the Recorder met her re-quest with the reply : " I'll give you a dose of Jersey justice," and then he sen-tenced her to thirty days in the county jail, and to pay a fine of $50. The matter was finally laid before Attorney Clarence Cole, who declared the woman's arrest and trial illegal and proceeded to draw up the pa-pers necessary for her release. When magistrates themselves commit such things what wonder that the people make and execute laws when occasion seems to them to demand it. THE world was startled on Sunday even-ing, June 24, by the assassination of Pres-ident Carnot of France. As usual the assassin was an anarchist, but whether acting alone or as the tool of others is not known. Only a few days prior to the assassina-tion of President Carnot, a plot to blow up the czar's special train was discovered; and about the same time an attempt was made on the life of Premier Crispi of Italy. Whether the anarchists designed to ter-rify the world by the assassination of sev-eral of the rulers of Christendom within a few days of each other may never be known, but whatever the intention-there is probably not a crowned head, or indeed a very prominent man, anywhere, who has  not felt a degree of alarm bordering on apprehension of impending evil. Ex-President Harrison has also received some unpleasant attention from a woman who proposes to assist him to "save the country," and this has caused Mr. Harri-son's friends some uneasiness. An Indi- anapolis dispatch of the 26th ult. says :Š Her appearance at Harrison's house caused many of the friends of the ex-president to be solicitous for his safety, and to-day the superintendent of police was requested to instruct the patrolman on the Delaware Street beat to be specially vigilant and to bring to the station all loiterers found near the Harrison residence. Harrison himself, it is said, does not feel any concern for his safety, but friends believe that social conditions are such that any man of special prominence is in danger from cranks. Truly " men's hearts are failing them for fear, and for looking after those things that are coming on the earth." Tills note from the Christian Cynosure on the International Sunday-school Lesson for June 3, is a fair sample of the nonsense by which Sunday sacredness is sustained : 1. The Passover institnted. ŠEx. 12:4. " This shall be to you the beginning of months." Their year had hitherto begun on the seventh of September. This change to the middle of March was to typify their new national life. The winter of their bondage was over; it was therefore fitting that they should date time from a fresh starting point. So the Sabbath was changed from the seventh to the first day of the week, and all Christendom reckons time from what is called " the Christian era." " They shall take to them every man a lamb." This was an entirely new ordinance. Does the writer of this note mean to imply that the Sabbath was changed at the exodus ? or does he mean simply that the change of the beginning of the year and the change of the Sabbath are par-allel ? If the latter, the folly of the prop-osition is but little less plainly marked than it would be in the former. A very essential element is lacking to make the cases at all parallel. In the case of the change of the beginning of the year the fact is plainly stated in the inspired record; while in the pretended change of the Sabbath the Scriptures are as silent as the grave, and do not so much as hint at any change by divine authority. THE Loyal American says : " The A. P. A. should waste no time in a vain attempt to convert Romanists, but should labor without ceasing to transform some so-called Protestants into good Americans." And this missionary work which the Loyal American suggests should, like charity, begin at home. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " tt- - -  70c 46  500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 