74 AMERICAN SENTINEL, face, and have his hair newly combed, on Sunday; that one of these was just as much a work of necessity as the other. The two complaining witnesses testified that they saw Mr. Tite shave two men on Sunday but did not tes-tify that it was not a work of necessity. The other two witnesses for the State both testified that it was a, work of necessity. Had the jury made up their minds in the case from the testimony, it would not have taken them five min utes to agree on a verdict of acquittal; but as it is, it seems that six of them made up their minds from their religious views instead of the testimony offered, as after twenty-four hours of deliberation they stood six for ac-quittal and six for conviction. Two of the leading barber shops in Ft. Scott have been open every Sunday and will continue so, and proba-bly in a short time the complaining witnesses will also open their shops again on Sunday. G. STOCICMYER. Has Spain Conquered the United States? CERTAINLY the Spaniards themselves have not con-quered this country, but if Spanish ideas and principles are to prevail over those hitherto embodied in American government, as real a conquest will have been made here as if a foreign army had landed' on these shores and established its supremacy over the military forces of the Government. This was the theme of a lecture recently delivered by Professoi Sumner, senior professor of political economy at Yale University, in New Haven. He pointed out that imperialism had resulted in the demoralization of the Spanish empire, and that a like policy must be followed by a like result in the United States. Alluding to the false and prostituted idea of patri-otism which has come to be prevalent, the professor said:Š "At present the whole periodical press of the country seems to be occupied in tickling the national vanity to the utmost by representations about the war which are extravagant and fantastic. There will be a penalty to be paid for all this. Nervous and sensational newspa-pers are just as corrupting, especially to young people, as nervous and sensational novels. Patriotism is being prostituted into a nervous intoxication which is fatal to any apprehension of truth. It builds around us a fool's paradise, and it will lead us into errors about our posi-tion and relations just like those which we have been rid-iculing in the case of Spain. "There is a set of men who have always been referred to in our Northern States, for the last thirty years, with especial disapproval. They are those Southerners who, in 1861, did not believe in secession, but, as they said, `went with their States.' They have been accused of moral cowardice. Yet within a year it has become al-most a doctrine with us that patriotism required that  we should hold our tongues while our interests, our in-stitutions, our most sacred traditions and our best es-tablished maxims have been trampled under foot. There is no doubt that moral courage is the virtue which is more needed than any other in the modern democratic State and that trucking to popularity is the worst polit-ical vice. The press, the platform, and the pulpit have all fallen under this vice, and there is evidence that the university also, which ought to be the last citadel of truth, is to come into it likewise." The steps by which the Spanish conquest of the United States would be completed, were enumerated by Profes-sor Sumner as being "War, debt, taxation, diplomacy, grand governmental system, pomp, glory, a big army and navy, lavish expenditure, political jobbery," all ..of which were summed up in the one word "imperialism." Professor Sumner coucluded his lecture by referring to the saying that "Americans can do anything." "Many are willing," he said, "to run into a hole, trusting to luck and cleverness to getout. There are somethings that Americans cannot do. Americans cannot make 2 plus 2 equal 5. You may answer that that is an arith-metical impossibility and is not in the range of our sub-ject. Very well. Americans cannot collect $2 a gallon tax on whiskey. They tried it through many years and failed. That is an_ economic and political impossibility, the roots of which are in human nature. Americans can-not govern a city of 100,000 inhabitants so as to get comfort and convenience in it at a low cost and without jobbery. "The Fire Department of this city is now demoralized by political jobbery. Spain and all her possessions are not worth so much to you and me as the efficiency of the Fire Department of New Haven. The Americans in Con-necticut cannot abolish the rotten borough system. Americans cannot reform the pension list. It is very doubtful indeed if Americans can keep up an army of 100,000 men in time of peace. Americans cannot assure the suffrage to negroes throughout the United States. Worse stillŠAmericans cannot assure life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to negroes inside of the United States. "When the negro postmaster's house was set on fire in the night in South Carolina, and not only he but his wife and children were murdered as they came out, and when, moreover, this incident passed without legal investigation or punishment, it was a bad omen for the extension of liberty to Malays and Tagals by simply set-ting over them the American flag. Upon a little serious examination, the off-hand disposal of an important ques-tion of policy Łby the declaration that 'Americans can do anything,' proves to be only a silly piece of bombast. The laws of nature are just as valid for Americans as for anybody else, and if we commit acts we shall have to take consequences just like other people. "My patriotism is of that kind which is outraged by the notion that the United States never was a great na-tion until in a petty three months' campaign it knocked 