AMERICAN SENTINEL. 313 enough that the church has become a political, and has ceased to be a Christian, organization. It may be that the Methodist Church would not endorse this utterance of its leading representative journal; we hope so. But these are times when things are being said and done which give occasion for the most serious thinking; that much is certain. And we hope that this thinking is being done by the observing, seriously-minded people of this nation. NEWSPAPER report states that the plan is being con-sidered of employing magnetic preachers to visit the camps of the soldiers engaged in the war and talk to the men for the purpose of counteracting the effect of the moral evils which naturally attend the life of a soldier in active service. Doubtless much good will be accomplished if the plan can be carried into effect. But the greatest difficulty of all, we think, will be that of convincing men that they ought to abstain from all evil ways, at the same time that they are taught that it is their duty to kill their fellow men. Somehow men who take their guns and shoot other men down in battleŠmen against whom they have no personal grievance at allŠcannot feel over scrupulous with regard to deeds which injure their fellow-men to a less extent. There is a natural instinct against taking life which cannot be blunted without disastrous moral effect, THE Madrid correspondent of the New York Evening Post, writes that the war is strongly supported by reli-gious sentiment in Spain. "Patriotic demonstrations," he says, fare reported to have occurred everywhere. Special religious services of prayer, day and night, are being organized for the success of the Spanish arms." Doubtless they think in Spain even as strongly as people do hereŠperhaps even more soŠthat the war is a "holy war," and doubtless "patriotism" coincides as fully with "religious duty" there as here. It is customary in war for both sides to go to the conflict calling heaven to wit-ness to the justice of their cause, and professing an im-plicit reliance upon the favoring assistance of the Omnip-otent. Of course, at least one side of the controversy must be mistaken and suffer defeat; but mankind seems never able to learn the lesson taught by such an experi-ence. CHAPLAINS in the United States navy are regular offi-cials of the Government, like any other persons who fill positions by virtue of governmental appointment. And to be eligible to such office, it is required by the Govern-ment that they "must be, upon appointment, ordained men, and in good standing in their respective commun-ions." And yet there is an article of the Constitution of the United States which plainly sayg that "No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." As religious  fitnessŠreal or supposedŠis made the primary qualifica-tion in all such appointments, it is perfectly plain that every such appointment is a violation of the Constitution, the fundamental law of the land. And this plain violation of the fundamental law is demanded by, and made in deference to, the papal prin-ciple that religion and the state should be united. Sunday-Law Exemptions in Maine. EVENTS of recent occurrence in the city of Lewiston, Me., throw more light upon the nature of the exemption for seventh-day observers, which is usually contained in the state laws for the observance of Sunday. And very interesting to such people is the court decision from which this new light comes. The matter is reported in the Boston Globe, of May 8. Speaking of the closing of busi-ness places in Lewiston on Sunday the Globe says:Š "Two or three of these places are kept by Hebrews, who have closed their places regularly from sunset Friday night until sunset on Saturday, and have therefore claimed the right to keep open on Sunday, but most of them have been kept by people who, whether Hebrews or Christians, have made no pretense of closing on any day of the week. "A test case of the former was brought this week in the municipal court. Herman I. Berman, a Hebrew, who has conscientiously closed his store every Friday night for the last five years, and kept it closed until sunset of Saturday, and then opened it all day Sunday, was brought before Judge Cornish, of the municipal court. "He claimed that section 23 of chapter 124 of the re-vised statutes, which provides that 'no person conscien-tiously believing that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refraining from secular business and labor on that day, is liable to the penalties for doing such business or labor on the first day of the week, if he does not disturb other per-sons,' applied to him and released him from the penalties provided for the transaction of business on Sunday. "The court held, however, that the provisions of this section, while it permitted him to labor and transact business for himself, did not permit him to open his shop Sunday and solicit business from the general public, and fined him $10 and costs. "Mr. Berman appealed to the Supreme Court. But it is understood that his counsel has since advised him to pay his fine and keep closed in the future, as the prece-dents are clearly against him, the question having been decided in precisely similar cases in Massachusetts in accordance with Judge Cornish's ruling." In the light of this decision, it can be clearly seen that no exemption can be relied on to shield an individual from attack by those who, moved by the spirit of reli-gious prejudice and intolerance, are determined to over-ride it. Religious animosity always finds a way to reach its mark; and Christians need not expect that a different order of things will ever prevail in this world. THE shortest crop this year seems to be the peace crop. 