`666 AMERICAN SENTINEL. task, and, in such a situation, what is the alternative bat a form of government which, while not nominally, yet practically, in its essential absolutism, is imperial?" Several times during the reading of the paper and at its close, the bishop was greeted with applause. Other speakers followed, taking the opposite ground. One speaker lamented that there were some who "speak slightingly of a benevolent assimilation policy." H. F. PHELPS. The Fine Sample and the Shoddy Goods. THE New York Journal is one of the most outspoken advocates of the policy of foreign conquest; and when such a journal affirms that affairs in the Philippines under American rule are entirely out of harmony with the oft-repeated talk of the President and his supporters about the good government that would come in those islands Ł with American rule, we may safely believe it speaks the truth. And this is what the Journal admits, on the strength of a dispatch from the Manila corre-spondent of the Hong Kong Mail :Š "Taxes are higher now than under Spanish rule, and the inhabitants bitterly complain that living ex-penses have doubled. The native police have been dis-charged, and the Americans appointed in their stead, being totally unacquainted with the language and modes of life of the civil population, are giving endless dissatisfaction. The old inhabitants state that mur-ders, robberies, and crimes of every description are greater than before, and the American police, in their blundering endeavors to search out criminals, resort in their ignorance of the haunts and methods of the crim-inals to the most tyrannical means tŁo obtain informa-tion for the capture of offenders. Another source of discontent is the use of the money secured from taxes and from customs for the support of the army, instead of using the funds for carrying out much-needed munic-ipal necessities. All these causes serve to prolong the war by keeping the natives, who have lived in hope on promises of good government, in a constant state of irritation." "The trouble with all the President's lofty profes-sions," remarks the Journal, "is that his goods do not tome up to sample." Of course! And the trouble is, further, that he has hardly more than a sample of the "goods" at home. There is hardly more than a sample, if there is even that, here at home of the wonderfully fine and just government which has been so loudly promised for the Philippines. And when the supply of good gov-ernment at home does not begin to fill the demand, how can there be any surplus for export to other lands? "It is true," adds the Journal, "that the American people do not want to oppress anybody in the Philip. pines, that they are there to liberate, and all the rest of it; but if the agents sent by Mr. McKinley to carry out their will impose higher taxes than the Spaniards did, double the living expenses of the inhabitants of Manila,  use the money extorted from the taxpayers for the sup-port of the army instead of for municipal necessities, and permit crime to run rampant, is it surprising that our benevolent intentions are mistrusted?" No; it is not surprising. And the only surprising thing about it all is that anybody familiar with history should be surprised that the agents of a foreign power sent over to manage affairs in the Philippines, should run the government to suit themselves and their back-ers at home, rather than to suit the conquered and despised natives. That is the way this kind of government has always been conducted. The United States is only repeating the old familiar story, and this was the only thing to be expected. What Kind of Charity is This? DURING the carnival festivities at Knoxville, Tenn., the Midway Show in which is especially featured the Oriental or choochee-choochee dance, was given under the auspices of the Elks, a local organization of this city. Among other things the advertisement reads: "The Elk's Carnival Midway; a benefit for the Charity Fund of the Knoxville Lodge B. P. 0. E." Dr. C. W. Dabney, President of the University of Tennessee, speaks of the show as follows:Š "In the name of holy charity and under the auspices of a local benevolent society there was brought into this city this year the vile, sensual dance with which the rotting oriental races debauched themselves since the days of Sodom and Gomorrah. This exhibition is too filthy for description; but it needs none; everybody, alas! knows what it was. Two years ago the_ moral sense of the country was shocked by the story of the Seeley dinner in New York. It is said that, besides the filthy public exhibition that everybody knows of, the worst features of that dinner were given in Knoxville last week behind closed doors. . . . That this filthy show has slipped in here in connection with our carnival, with the permission of its management, and under the shelter of a local benevolent order, will be an eternal disgrace to us. Think of it, good people of Knox-ville! This indescribable horror, the choochee-choochee, brought here by our representatives, admitted free of county and city tax because it was for a local benevo-lent purpose, and then put in the heart of our city, on our best street, and run for more than a week, in the face of our city ordinance, and apparently thus with the ap-proval of our city anthorities,Š could a more awful infamy be put upon us? " Is the world growing better, or is that prophecy being fulfilled which says: "But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived? " 2 Tim. 3:13. The lamentable picture of wickedness, drawn by inspiration, fortelling the end of the world, is every day more plainly discernible on the canvas of time. CYRUS SIMMONS. 