AMERICAN SENTINEL. 677 ever) and the third is the absolute incompatibility of our Government with their customs and traditions. When our soldiers took Manila Spain surrendered, but the dominant power in the island did not, and it is still in force. The archbishop is the supreme power in Man-ila, and Dr. Brown says he fears that General Otis is under his control. The church don't want religious lib-erty, and all its weight will be thrown against the Gov-ernment that promotes religious freedom. Our gospel is needed there." Here is something like an irreconcilable conflict. The archbishop and the Presbyterian minister represent the two sides of the religious question with which the United States Government proposes to deal, and the archbishop is to go to Manila backed by the President. Political Christianity. BY ROYAL HUBBELL. this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence. Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sagest that I am a king." "But now is my kingdom not from hence." Here is where these National Reformers make a fatal mistake. Now Christ is not reigning over all the kingdoms of the world, and he will not reign over them until the time of the prophecy (Rev. 11: 15): " And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, the kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever." But, be it known that this great event will not be brought about by act of Parliament, or of Congress, or even by popish mandate. Canon City, Col. Faith vs. Force. THE North Dakota Sunday School Association stands committed to the folly of political Christianity, by this resolution, adopted at its tenth annual convention, last May, as recently reported in the AMERICAN SENTINEL:- "Resolved, That we indorse the action of the Na-tional Reform Association in their efforts to secure an amendment to our national Constitution, acknowledg-ing Christ as King of Nations and the Bible as the su-preme law, thus securing to us, on an undeniable legal basis, all the Christian features of our government." If Christ is king of Nations, he is king of this nation; therefore this country is Christ's kingdom. In this country, every voter is a king; but John 3:3 says: " Verily, verily, I say unto thee, exc( pt a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." God's king-dom is Christ's kingdom. Then if the United States is God's kingdom, we have the queer combination of mil-lions of unconverted voters, or Republican kings, who have never seen their own country. But Romans 14: 17 says: "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." And Ephesians 5: 5: "For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolator, bath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God." Are there any such people heirs in the United States ? If so, can the United States be God's kingdom? Luke 17: 21 also declares : " Neither shall they say lo, here! or lo, there! for behold the kingdom of God is within you." Then if the kingdom of God is within each man's heart, why make national laws to try to govern that secret kingdom already ruled by God and conscience. To enforce such laws the state must use force, and the dungeon; while Christ says: (John 18: 36, 37) "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of BY H. P. PHELPS. SATAN has always tried to subvert, and pervert the works and purposes of God. The power and the wis-dom through which Satan does his hellish work is all from God. But he perverts that power and wisdom from their original purpose. Ever since the entry of sin into this world, man has proved himself to be a success-ful agent of Satan in carrying out his perverted ideas. This success has been manifest through all the ages in the perversion of God's power in man, as he bas dom-inated his fellowman in matters of conscience. The first instance of this kind was at the very gates of Eden. It was over a question of the observance of a religious in-stitution, too. And murder was the result of this first attempt of one man in the domination of the will of an-other man. Indeed, murder is in the very spirit of dom-ination. For when one man attempts to dominate the will of another, he can only become enraged at his de-feat, and he soon becomes like a. fiend incarnate. When man sinned, he was driven from the bright realities of Eden into the realm of shadows. Until the coming of the Deliverer, man must deal with types and shadows. The first dispute over questions of religion, and the first attempt to dominate the conscience, was between two brothers. The question involved obedi-ence or disobedience to God: "Without the shedding of blood, is no remission." They were to offer the first-lings of the flock, thus showing their faith in the prom-ised Saviour. They were also to bring of the first fruits of the earth as a thank-offering to God. Abel obeyed God. But Cain, filled with the spirit of infidelity, though admonished by his brother of the im-portance of obedience to the exact command of God, expressed no penitence for sin in his gift. Abel acknowledged his guilt, and came in faith. Cain, 