308 AMERICAN SENTINEL. yet almost the first step that is taken by certain profes-sors of Christianity in their repeated attempts to set up God's government here, is to enact laws. There is no room forlegislation in the matter. God's own law covers every possible phase of activity under His government. What all men ought to do, and the only thing that any man or class of men properly can do, is to fall in with the plan and providence of God, which is working to gather out of all nations and peoples of earth subjects for the kingdom of God, by establishing a government of God in each heart that will yield to the gospel invita-tion. When this work shall be finished, as ere long it will, the government of God will be set up on the "new earth," in visible glory. TRUE reform effort aims to change the man himself, and not merely his circumstances; and this is why human laws possess no reforming power. A Proposed " Pool " of Churches. AT an interdenominational meeting of the "Congre-gational Club" in the Third Congregational church of San Francisco, May 4, the statement was made by one speaker and liberally applauded, that " There are 100 churches too many in the State of California, and if they should die off it would be the best thing for the kingdom of God." This utterance seemed to strike the key-note for the meeting, and another speaker expressed the opinion that "A commission should be appointed representing all the evangelical churches, to arrange the placing of churches according to population. As to what churches should be placed in any one city, let priority of establishpient determine." Ł After further remarks in support of this idea, a reso-lution was adopted unanimously providing (as reported in the San Francisco Call) "that steps be taken prepara-tory to the establishment of a State commission, which shall have for its object the placing of evangelical churches according to population." This of course means nothing less than a "pooling" of the popular churches for their own interests and against such denominations as do not have "population" on their side. While the thought was not expressed at the meeting, and probably was not contemplated, there can be no doubt that the practical working out of this idea would result in arraying the more powerful and pop-ular church bodies against the numerically weaker ones, which of course will not be regarded by the church "pool" as being at all necessary to the interests of the commu-nity in which they exist. Let the churches seek for the "unity of the Spirit." Any other kind of church union will be worse than the present disunion. A Candid Admission. THE "Rescue of the Sabbath in California" is the topic of a communication from Rev. William Rader, of San Francisco, to the May Christian Endeavorer. In it Mr. Rader mentioned that since 1883 California has had no Sunday law, and adds that the California climate invites Sunday desecration (which is obviously true,) and then says:Š "I would not make the impression that the California sabbath is worse than that of Illinois or Massachusetts, or any other State. . . . If California is not what it ought to be, morally, the climate is not wholly responsi-ble. The San Francisco sabbath is observed-quite as well as the Chicago sabbath." In other words, Sunday desecration is no worse in California, where there is no Sunday law, than in Illinois, Massachusetts, or "any other State," where Sunday laws exist, notwithstanding that the California climate is un-usually conducive to indulgence in the various forms of Sunday recreation. Of what use, then, are Sunday laws in the States? What do they accomplish more than to manufacture "crime," by causing the arrest of people for doing what is allowed to be good and lawful on other days of the week ! Where there is the most of the law of God in the heart,  the Sabbath will be best observed. But only the Spirit of God can write his law in men's hearts. Lawless Lawmakers. THE chief law-making body of the country is involved in a scandal. The fact has come to light that severa United States senators have made use of their official po-sitions for purposes of personal gain. By speculating in shares of sugar stock at a time when the price of sugar was dependent upon their own action, knowing that the price of sugar stock would be advanced as soon as certain Senate proceedings became known to the public, they were able to add thousands of dollars to their private wealth. There was no risk involved in the transaction. It was simply a matter of using the knowledge and power which were theirs by virtue of their official posi tions. Such a proceeding is plainly dishonest, and therefore in violation of a principle which every law-making body is bound to uphold. More than this: it is a betrayal of a high public trust, and therefore indicative of a thoroughly selfishŠor lawlessŠdisposition. Law-making cannot be safely entrusted to lawless men. And when men in the highest law-making assembly in the land themselves disregard the law, the spectacle affords the strongest illustration of the inability of law in itself to produce good government. The first need of all menŠin positions of public trust 