ERICAN  SENTIN  78 :AMRLTCA_.Ł-1NT -,SENT1CINT,T47,T  associations have now for more than a century lived in peace, harmony and prosperity; it would be treason to disturb this peace and good will. . . . Whenever the day should come that the Church needs the support of the State, Christianity would be doomed to decay, because if religion has to lean on human law and on a penal code, it betokens debility and decreptitude on the part of religion. Let every denomination observe a day of rest and spiritual elevation for the heart and mind, be it now one day in seven or one day in three, but let them use no other means Nit moral persuasion and fervent piety to maintain it. . . . Thus the peace and prosperity of all citizens will be secured ; the sublime principles of. justice, freedom, and equality will be cher-ished by everyone as the noblest and most precious heir-l000m of the American nation. -44 "SENATOR HOAR," says the Independent, "is said to have betrayed deep feeling in resenting the threatening tone of some of the communications to Senators peremp-torily demanding the prompt ratification of the Arbitra-tion Treaty. He deemed it a grievous indignity to so hon-orable a body to hurry it into immediate action by 'jam-ming spurs into'its sides.' " The senator is right. The members of Congress are chosen to transact the most important business of the nation, and they should do this with that, deliberation which waits on- wisdom. We hope every member of our national Legislature will refuse to pay any attention to the threatenings of any party or body, big or little, reli-gious or secular. ONE such "sermon" as was preached on a recent Sun-day in Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, by the Rev. Lyman Abbott, in which he amused his congregation even to the point of open laughter by his treatment of the Bible story of Jonah, does more to break down the bars of moral restraint in a community than can be offset by all the efforts of reform societies. Dr. Abbott says that.the Book of Jonah is a fable, written to teach the goodness and mercy of God. But the average person will lose con-fidence in a God whose goodness and mercy must be taught by falsehood. The God of the Bible was never reduced to any such straits. The greatest need of mankind to-day is that of more confidence in God and God's Word. THE proposed treaty of arbitration between this country and Great Britain does not now seem to be the embodiment of ,a desire for peace that it did at first. Lord Salisbury is quoted as saying that he will have the treaty in the form in which it was sent to the United States Senate, or not at all; and the Senate profess to see in it a shrewd scheme on the part of the English pre-mier to put this country in a position of, disadvantage. Consequently they haye so amended the treaty that its acceptance by the representatives of both countries seems 'likely to be indefinitely postponed. This only shows that the parties concerned in the matter are looking out for their own interests, respec-tively, much more than they are looking out for peace. ..  Ł -41 4 - THE "Old Jewish Saturday" has been a source of untold trouble to the Sunday reformers for theise many years. It has a certain dignity and persistency arising from its association With God, the Decalogue and Jesus Christ, which have made it so quietly stubborn when men have, ordered it to get out of the way, that even Mr. Gamble, the latest "Daniel come to judgment," has not been able to order it out of court without a struggle. The special aim of these discoverers in the field of Sabbath Reform into destroy " Saturday " as the seventh day of the week. To do this-  they are willing to destroy the week, if need be,Šanything to be rid of the one fact that the law of the Sabbath finds its full expression in the last day of the week.ŠSabbath Recorder. A CRUSADE against Sunday newspapers and Sunday distribution of mails, was inaugurated January 21, by ministers of Annapolis, Maryland. At a meeting held in the First M. E. Church, a committee of seven was ap-pointed to petition the postmaster-general on the sub ject, and devise such other means as might be necessary to the success of the crusade. The Sunday sermon is coming to rely more and more upon State, and munici-pal legislation to enable it to compete with the Sunday papers. - TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin be sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uticompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious lilberty Association. Single Copy, 44 C C Per Year, - SLOW: six months, - .50 Three " - - .25. ADDRESS, AllERICAN SENTINEL,. 39 Bond Street, New York. 