A CHRISTIAN NATION IN NAME, BUT NOT IN FACT. "IF ANY âI9N HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 15, 1898. NUMBER 49. THE only Christian nation recognized in Scripture is "the righteous nation, which keepeth the truth." THE best patriotism is that which covers the widest territory. THE Supreme Court decision that "this is a Christian nation," will scarcely serve as a passport into the Chris- THE Christian principle which debars Christians from participation in politics, is the only safeguard of the na-tion to-day against a reli-gious despotism. tian's final abode. THE national drink of a truly Christian nation is not beer nor whiskey, but the water of the "river of life." A GOD of love cannot be har-nessed to a govŁ ernment of force. THE Supreme Court for the decision of mat-ter s pertaining to Christianity is located not on this earth, but above. No GOVERN- THE idea of a God who is om-niscient and om-nipotett cannot be reconciled with the idea that he has left his will to be enforced by such bodies as human legisla-tures. ENFORCED Sabbath observ-ance is a tribute only to the god of force. THE greatest conservator of justice in the world is not civil law, but the hu- THE Supreme Court of the United States has declared that "this is a Christian nation," and this pronouncement is quoted by advocates of religious legislation as being a statement of truth, which all are bound to recognize as such. But it is well known that the nation spends hundreds of millions of dollars every year for whiskey and tobacco; that it seeks after the pleasures of the world far more than after the things of God; and that it follows the fashions of the world rather than the simplicity and humility that were in Christ. If this "Christian nation" were to come up to the gates of the city of God, as depicted in the illustration, it would find itself debarred by its own practices from entering the abode prepared of God for Christians. Their own love of the pleasures and fashions of the world, and of unsanctified indulgencies, would turn such people back from the holy city, and demonstrate the emptiness of a Supreme Court decision upon such a point. MENT can be perfect in which love is not recognized as law. THE person who counts it a crime for another person to differ from his views in regard to moral duty, is not a safe person to entrust with the responsibilities of pub-lic office.  man conscience, guided by the Word and Spirit of truth; and with that conscience, so guided, the civil power can interfere only at the expense of that which it is instituted to preserve. THE side of right will long outlast the side of the majority. 