TI-M AMERICAN SENTINEL. 261 not be disturbed by swearing, for he swore himself, but he would be disturbed by any one doing near his house as Brother Long-. necker had done near Mr. Tidmore's house. All the prosecutions against Seventh-day Adventists have demonstrated that honest labor by a man who conscientiously keeps the seventh-day Sabbath is more disturb-ing than blasphemy or Sunday Saloons. We would respectfully refer this case to the advocates of Sunday laws who tell us that intolerance is confined to the South, and would not manifest itself in the North. Brother Longnecker has appealed his case. ŠReview and Herald. Say It as It Is. THE Christian Nation, of June 15, 1891, prints a summary of a recent address on " The Sabbath Rest," by Dr. H. H. George, in Rochester, New York, in which he says, " Are we to be allowed to have a Sabbath in this country " One would gather from such a wail that a terrible pressure was being brought to bear upon him to take away from him his Sunday. But does he have any fears that the time will ever come when he will not be allowed to keep Sunday ?ŠNothing of the kind. Then what does he mean, and what does he want ?ŠHe wants matters so arranged in this country that religionists of his stamp can compel everybody to keep the day he calls the Sabbath; and his question should have been worded as follows : " Are we to be allowed to have a law in this coun-try so that we can bring all the people to our terms, and oblige them to observe the day we call the Sabbath, whether they regard it so and wish to keep it or not ? " This is the intent of the outcry in behalf of Sunday; then why not state it as it is ? ŠReview and Herald. Christianity and Education. THE question is whether Christianity shall be taught in the public schools, and, if so, what Christianity and how much. Toward the answer to this question the assertion that Christianity is part of the law of the land takes us a very little way. In England, from which our courts have borrowed the expression, it has a definite meaning. It means Christianity as for-mulated by the Established Church of the country, even including the denunciation in the Articles of the " vain talk " of "certain Anabaptists." Where the Church and the State are one, the doctrine taught in the State schools is the doctrine of the Church. But how does it help us in con-sidering whether the common schools shall give religious instruction to be told that Christianity is part of the law of the land ? No law book lays down what the Chris-tian doctrines are in which courts have a judicial belief, or what doctrines are essen-tial and what unessential. The judges  who have delivered the doctrine have been compelled to generalize it. One of the most impressive statements of it, that quoted by Mr. Jay from Daniel Webster, is also one of the vaguest : " Christianity, Christianity independent of sects and parties, general, tolerant Christianity, is the law of the land." This is doubtless impressive, but it scarcely affords the material for a cur-riculum of religious instruction in the secular schools. Where is " Christianity independent of sects and parties" to be found ? Suppose we admit that general, tolerant Christianity shotild be taught in the common schools, though no other part of the law of the land is so taught, where is unsectarian Christianity to be found ? Is there any Christian authority which is not also a sectarian authority ? The Meth-odist pastor and the Catholic priest might admit each other to be Christians, though each of them would probably have so many qualifications to make that 'the.  Christianity of the other would appear to be as unimportant as it was general. Each of them, at any rate, professes and calls himself a Christian, and each would have as good a right as the other to say how much Christianity and what Christianity the common schools should teach. Every-body knows that they would not in the least agree about it, even though they pro-fessed to make it as " general " as possible. The Roman Catholic would insist that " the simple reading of the Scripture without note or comment," which seems to be the ultimatum of the evangelical Protestants, was either too much or too little, and certainly was not a proper teaching of general Christianity. We can imagine the horror, on the other hand, with which the Methodist would re-coil from any scheme of religious instruc-tion that the Roman Catholics would pro-pound. As there is, practically speaking, no unsectarian Christianity, the only resource would be to invite all the Christian sects to unite in preparing a suitable course of religious instruction, and this it is cer-tain that they could not agree upon. Yet their rights as citizens are precisely the same. Anglican Christianity is part of the law of England, but no American court has yet decided that either Protest-antism or Catholicism is part of the law of this country, any more than any court has denied that both Protestantism and Catholicism are entitled to be considered forms of Christianity. Yet no religious instruction can be given in the schools upon which Catholics and Protestants will agree, although all Catholics and a limited number of Protestants agree that some religious instruction should be given. If the majority of the voters could be brought to this opinion, the division of the school fund which the Roman Cath-olics desire would be the natural solution of the difficulty. We believe, and we  believe that a majority of the voters be-lieve, that this would be a grievous public calamity. The only way to avert it is to hold that the instruction of the common schools should be exclusively secular, and that anybody who insists upon the neces-sity or desirableness of adding religious instruction to it shall be at liberty to add it in his own way and at his own cost, but not in the common schools nor at the cost of the taxpayers. A man whose money is taken from him by the State to administer religious instruction which he disapproves is certainly not in the enjoy-ment of the religious liberty guaranteed to him by the Constitution. To quote, in justification of this abstraction, that Chris-tianity is part of the law of the land is idle, meaningless, and exasperating.ŠNew York Times. The "American Sabbath." ROMEO'S celebrated query, " What's in a name ? " is often echoed and re-echoed at different times and on all sorts of occa-sions. But some people think there is more in a name than there is in the sub-stance. They have no objection to the un-ion of Church and State if it can only be called something else. They have no ob-jection to compulsory Sunday lawsŠthe direct heritage of Church and State of the Old WorldŠif you only call the day the " civil " Sunday or the " American Sab-bath." Although all our Sabbath tradi-tions came down from an exclusively religious idea, and although anciently Sunday itself was named after the sun-god, whose festival it was, yet to-day we are told that if we only enforce these ideas and call them " American " or " civil " that changes the whole case at once. It seems that these modern Sunday-law advocates are as much mixed as to facts, as was good old " Uncle Mose," of De-troit, not long since. The Free Press re-lates the following anecdote : " Well, Uncle Mose," said a lady, " I hear you have another pair of twins at your house." " Yaas, Missus, yaas we has,Šbress dey little h'arts !" " Have you named them yet ? " " Yaas'm ; done named 'em aftah two ob de fust pres'dents ob dis kentry." " Indeed! What two ? " " Ole' Christofi C'lumbus an' Juleyus Caesar, ma'am. We'se grate on namin' de chil'ens fo' de presidents 't our house." THE ecclesiastical world has so long forced man into a false position that it has become almost hereditary with us to concede them some sort of authority in such matters. There is no authority in this world older or superior to the people themselvesŠand the people derive author-ity of the individual himself. Society is only the delegated authority of the indi-vidual.ŠKansas City Journal 