THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 365 ance given with reference to any of the great moral questions that are pressing to day for solu-tion. What a Babylon of contradictions ! " This is a Christian Nation." " No man or body of men is Christian that is not in subjection to him as Lord." The "great majority of our present rulers " are not subject to him, therefore " turn the ras-cals out " and put third-party-Prohibition-Christians in and thereby make this a " Christian Nation." This is a Christian Nation now because it has been so declared " by the highest authority in the land," but it is not a Christian Nation and can not be until the Christianity we have nominated is elected. The New York Independent does not endorse Christian Statesman Christianity, that is, third-party-Prohibition-Christian-ity, but electioneered for Republican Christianity, exhorting " Christian vot-ers " to " rise early and pray before you vote " and " cast a ballot in approval of solid Christian character "Švote the Re-publican ticket. In the eyes of the Chris-tian Statesman, Republican Christianity is anti-Christian. In the eyes of the In-dependent, Christian Statesman Chris-tianity is anti-Christian. With this dif-ference of opinion among Protestants as to which kind of " Christianity " should be professed by this " Christian Nation,", and with the greater difference of opinion between Protestants and Catholics on the same point, which kind of " Christianity" shall this " Christian Nation " adopt ? One thing is sure; the " Christianity " which this " Christian Nation " shall de-cide to endorse will not be Christianity any more than that was Christianity which was adopted by Constantine as the religion of his Empire, and which drenched the earth in blood. A. F. BALLWGER. Ł-Ł Ł Why Not Tax Church Property? FOR the first time the United States census has secured the statistics of churches. There is a great deal of credit due to the census bureau, as it must have been very difficult and laborious work to obtain the accurate figures. There is much more than this which the census bureau has done; it has exposed an evil, and shown the injustice that is being done to every property owner in every State in the Union. But the question, "Why not tax church property ? ' has been sadly neglected. There have been only a few men who have advocated it, and the press has been absolutely silent. If there was a State church and a national belief, it would be different, but as the United States recog-nizes no church, and has no belief, I hold that it is absolutely unconstitutional to exempt any church or churches from tax-ation. A church is a religious corpora-tion, can own and acquire any amount of property, real or personal, without bear-ing the burdens of taxation. Why I call a church a religious corporation is, be-cause in law it is called a private corpora-tion, and " private corporations are such as are created for the private benefit of the collective members of the corporation, and are designed to regulate and promote their religious, social, or financial inter-ests." There are churches in every city of the United States that own property that is not used for religious purposes, but is used for various purposes which pay a good interest. It was under the Spanish domination that the Catholic Church laid the foundation of its riches and power in Mexico. The small value placed upon land in Mexico enabled the church to become at an early day the possessor of vast tracts, which it acquired by various donations. The Inquisition, too, flourished during that period, and the lands of heretics who fell under its discipline were confis-cated. The best agricultural estates belonged to the church, and in every town and hamlet it owned houses of every description. It also came in for a share of the products of the mines without incur-ring the risk of mining operations. But at last the rule of Spain became unendurable, dud the people revolted. When Maximilian was shot and Juarez came into possession, he and his govern-ment began at once to execute the laws of reform. The value of the church was es-timated to be $300,000,000, and its rev-enues were greater than those of the Mexican Government. When the property of the church was placed upon the mar-ket, its actual value was sufficient to pay the national debt several times over. Most of it changed hands, but to what purposes the proceeds were applied is a mystery. The spiritual power of the church, however, remained, and it has re-sulted in restoring the church to its for- mer position of wealth. Before the re-form laws this wealth consisted principally in land. Now it is money. " Concentrated capital is, in time of need, the most available species of wealth." There are about one hundred and fifty denominations, besides many independent congregations. It is hardly possible for any one denomination in the United States to acquire so much wealth, although the Catholic Church owns property amount-ing to $118,000,000, but if ever there is church unity it would not only be possi-ble, but quite probable for this unity to become a power, and the people should awake from their slumber and stop ex-empting church property from taxation. In France the Catholic Church con- trolled and owned two acres of the best land out of every five, prior to the French Revolution. It was Henry VIII. who broke up ecclesiastical institutions and secularized their property, that is, stopped exempting it from taxation. In Europe to-day a man is taxed either directly or indirectly to help support a State church, whether he be a Christian, infidel, or Jew. And where the church has the strongest hold, as in Spain and Italy, education is comparatively un-known. Italy is waking up and beginning to confiscate ecclesiastical property. . . . Observe the conditions of Canada: and the church is one of the principal causes of the deplorable state the country is in. We do not want Canada until the hives of those ecclesiastical drones are destroyed. Generals Grant and Garfield recognized the monstrous, evil, and in their messages to Congress pointed it out. James A Gar-field said in Congress, June 22, 1874:Š The divorce between the Church and State ought to be absolute. It ought to be so absolute that no church property any where in any State, or in the Nation, should be exempt from equal taxation; for if you exempt the property of any church organi-zation to that extent, you impose a tax upon the whole community. The United States is not a secular Gov-ernment as long as it favors the institu-tion of religious fanaticism. General Grant in his message to Con-gress in 1875 said :Š In connection with this important question, I would also call your attention to the importance of correcting an evil that, if permitted to continue, will probably lead to great trouble in our land be-fore the close of the nineteenth century. It is  the acquisition of vast amounts of untaxed church property. In 1850 I believe the church property of the United States which paid no tax, municipal or State, amounted to $87,000,000. In 1860 the amount had doubled. In 1870 it was $354,483,587. By 1900, without a check, it is safe to say this property will reach a sum exceeding $3,000,000,000. So vast a sum, receiving all the protection and benefits of the Government without bearing its proportion of the burdens and expenses of the same, will not be looked upon acquiescently by those who have to pay the taxes. In a growing country where real estate enhances so rapidly with time as in the United States, there is scarcely a limit to the wealth that may be acquired by cor-porations, religious or otherwise, if allowed to retain real estate without taxation. The contem-plation of so vast a property as here alluded to, without taxation, may lead to sequestration with-out constitutional authority, and through blood. I would suggest the taxation of all property equally. ŠJames E. Larmer, Jr., in American Journal of Politics. Civil Liberty.* THE general impression is that civil liberty and religious liberty are (as it were), twin sisters, both animated by a common purpose and actuated by a desire to aid each other in securing and main-taining those equitable rights which are the natural heritage of all, without regard to differences of opinion on matters polit-ical, economical or religious. The twin sister representing religious liberty, how-ever, has not had the same regard for the rights of its twin sister representing civil liberty as is supposed. While civil lib-erty recognizes the equal rights of all, irrespective of opinion, religious liberty (for its votaries), limits these rights to those who adopt the religion which reli-gious people have " liberty " to profess and practice; in other words, the advo-cates of religious liberty deny civil liberty to all those who decline to accept any of the tolerated religions, claiming that such persons " have no rights which ' religious people' are bound to respect." Thus we have religious liberty, but not civil lib-erty. Noah Webster defines " civil liberty " as "exemption from arbitrary interfer-ence with person, opinion or property on the part of the government under which one lives." Taking this as its true mean-ing, the question may be seriously and anxiously askedŠhave we civil liberty in this country ? Have we that civil liberty which claims exemption from " arbitrary interference" with our persons when we are compelled to " observe " (as religious fanaticism calls it) a certain day of the week and abstain from occupation, recreation or pleasure on that day ? Have we that civil liberty which de-mands exemption from arbitrary interfer-ence with our opinions when our children in the public schools (supported by gen-eral tax) are given religious instruction which their parents regard as so much useless or baneful superstition ? A fur-ther arbitrary interference with our opin-ions is shown where testimony of a wit-ness is rejected because he refuses to believe in the inspiration of a certain book, or in a future state of punishment. Have we that civil liberty which grants exemption from arbitrary interference with our property when we are compelled by law to contribute our money (through the tax levy) toward appropriations for sectarian institutions; for payment of chaplains in our prisons, in Congress, in * By Henry M. Taber, in Freethinker Magazine. For edito-rial comment see the last page of this paper, 