134 A.M_81EtICAN VoL. 9, No. was not the purpose of the lawmakers to compel any class of conscientious persons to abstain from labor upon two days in every week.' The supreme court of Ohio has gone so fur as to hold that a statute which did not contain such an exception was for that reason unconstitutional. (See Cincinnati vs. Rice, 15 Ohio 225; Canton vs. Nist, 9 Ohio St. 439.) " The better reason for maintaining the police power to prohibit citizens from en-gaging in secular pursuits on Sunday is the necessity for such regulation as a san-itary measure. As to those employments which are noiseless and harmless in them-selves, and conducted in a manner not calculated to offend those who, from reli- gious scruples, observe Sunday as the Lord's day, this necessity appears to be the only valid source of legislative power, and this is based upon the fact that expe-rience has demonstrated that one day's rest is requisite for the health of most individuals, and not all individuals pos-sess the power to observe a day of rest of their own volition. As is well said by Mr. Tiedeman, ' If the law did not inter-fere, the feverish, intense desire to acquire wealth, so thoroughly characteristic of the American nation, would ultimately pre-vent, not only the wage earners, but like-wise the capitalists and employers them-selves, from yielding to the warnings of nature, and obeying the instincts of self-preservation, by resting periodically from labor, even if the mad pursuit of wealth should not warp their judgment and de-stroy this instinct. Remove the prohibi-tion of law and this wholesome sanitary regulation would cease to be observed.' (Tied. Lim., Police Power, 181). In `Cooley's Constitutional Limitations' (page 477), it is said :Š It appears to us that, if the benefit of the individ-ual is alone to be considered, the argument against the law which he may make who has already observed the first day of the week is unanswerable. The obligation to cease from secular pursuits on one day of the week does not discriminate either in his favor or against him. " We think the statute under considera-tion is within the police power of the State and not in conflict with any express pro-vision of the constitution, and that it does not conflict with the Fourteenth Amend-ment of the Constitution of the United States. It follows that the conviction should be affirmed, and the case remanded, with directions to the recorder to proceed to judgment." South African Correspondence. STILL the agitation concerning religious legislation continues in the Colony, and a bigoted clergy are persistent in their de-mands' for a more rigorous enforcement of the laws protecting the " wild solar holiday." But the Cape is not the only colony in which this wicked matter is receiving attention. The South African Republic has always had a Sunday law, but recently felt called upon to remodel this ecclesiastical engine of tyranny and persecution. The law as amended, now reads as follows, according to a recent issue of the Statscourant:Š Article 1. Every person guilty of desecration of the Sabbath (Zondaysschencling) shall be punished for every contravention with a maximum fine of five pounds, or a term of imprisonment not exceeding one month, as under: (a) He who executes field or garden work on Sunday, except in cases of urgent necessity, and for maintenance of field or other fruit: (b) he who fires a gun or other firearm, unless legally or otherwise entitled to do so : (c) he who hunts wild or other animals with dog or other animals: (d) a trans-port rider, or the director of a transport wagon, who  invades the boundaries of a village on a Sunday, or who causes such to be done. For all the undermentioned offenses there shall be inflicted a fine penalty not exceeding  one hundred pounds (£100), or an imprisonment penalty not ex-ceeding  six months : (a) The person who sells or offers for sale on a Sunday, any goods, merchandise, cattle, or other live stock: (b) the person who keeps open a shop, warehouse, or other premises on a Sunday with intent to sell or to trade: (c) the person who works, or causes work on Sunday with steam and other machines. This is certainly savage enough to sat-isfy religious intolerance for the present at least. In the days of New England puritanism the fearless advocate of religious liberty, Roger Williams, whose locks were whit-ened with the frost of age, had to flee from his comfortable home amid the snows of winter and lodge with the Narragansett Indians, the red man of the forest thus becoming the champion of religious free-dom. So here, a rigorous Sunday law is in existence in all the colonies, and the only placeŠbe it said with shameŠwhere the dove of religious freedom can find a place to rest is among the savage, untu-tored aborigines of the "dark continent." GEO. B. THOMPSON. East London, Cane Colony, Mar. 12. A Lesson for America. RELIGIOUS education in the public schools of London has been a dominant issue for months and has been decidedŠit can hardly be said to be settledŠby the close vote of 27 to 21. The plan adopted makes the Bible a text-book from which the teacher shall give such explanations in the Christian religion and morality as are suited to the capacities of children of various ages attending the schools of the board. This instruction must not "di-verge from the presentation of the Chris-tian religion which is revealed in the Bible ; " and the teacher is at liberty to elucidate and enforce Christian principles by referring to* any part of the Bible. As might be expected, such a scheme has aroused intense opposition. Among the minority of 21 were ministers who opposed the plan because it made school teachers instructors in theology whose teaching would naturally take on the color of their own belief. This issue is growing in in-tensity, and it is said appeal will be taken to the new board. All this furnishes a lesson for America. It is the irreconcilable character of this controversy which irrefutably demon-strates the fact that religious instruction by secular teachers is impossible in schools which are supported by the public, and which contain children whose parents share all religious beliefs from Roman Catholicism to Judaism and blank infidel-ity. And as in London, so here, the op-position to religious instruction in the schools comes from parents of decided religious convictions; the agnosticism of the day is indifferent to dogmatic religion, rather than hostile to it. Very many parents, more especially the fathers, who are usually the agnostics, make no objec-tion to the religious education of their children, deeming it generally useful to them because of its moral cultivation, by reason of which, desirable reverence and elevation of sentiment are encouraged. Where the parents are religious believers, with a definite creed, they are fearful of of any religious instruction by which a dogmatic tinge offensive to them may be imparted. In this matter it will doubtless be found  that what is adapted to the latitude of London is equally adapted to the latitude of New York. Religion dogmatically taughtŠand there is no religion without dogmaŠis out of place in a public school, both because the teachers are not qualified to instruct in its tenets, and because if they were, there are too many diversified opinions on the subject to render any reconciliation possible. The Christian Work. The Massachusetts Sunday Protective League. CHRISTIAN patriotism as. represented by the Massachusetts Sunday Protective League at the People's Church last 'Sun-day seems certainly a burlesque in view of the avowed object of these Sunday afternoon gatherings, which is to maintain the " fundamental principles of religious and political freedom" and to oppose imagined plottings against the civil Gov-ernment that have for their supposed ob-ject the compelling of every one to con-form to certain ideas of right in religious matters, without regard to the convictions, wishes or interests of those who think differently. The object of the Massachusetts Sunday Protective League is to compel everyone to conform to their ideas of right in the observance of Sunday as a sacred day, without any regard for the convictions, wishes or interests of those who think dif-ferently. Is it " Christian patriotism " for one part of the religious community to arro-gate to itself a divine prerogative, com-pulsion in the observance of a religious institution, while at the same time com-bining under the beautiful cloak of "Christian patriotism" to prevent another part of the religious community from do-ing the same thing ? To show further the' inconsistency of their position, there is not a single state-ment in the Scriptures to show that there is any sacredness attached to Sunday whatever, and all the authority there is for Sunday sacredness comes from the Catholic Church. In proof of this state-ment I refer to the Scriptures, and to the following canon by the council of Laodicea. in the latter part of the fourth century,, when it was customary to observe the, seventh day as the Sabbath: "Christians shall not Judaize and be idle on Saturday, but shall work on that day; but the Lord's day they shall especially honor, and, as being Christians, shall, if possible, do no work on that day. If, however, they are found Judaizing, they shall be shut out from Christ;" also numerous statements from Catholic authority. Many cases of outrageous persecutions for conscience' sake have occurred in dif-ferent States of the Union recently as a, result of the enforcement of the principles: of the Massachusetts Sunday Protective. League. Upright, godly men have been. imprisoned in Maryland the past winter'  for refusing to regard Sunday as a sacred day by abstaining from work on that day,. after having kept the seventh day as sacred. And a startling illustration of the " Christian patriotism " of the Sunday-law advocates is that while some of the,  arrests were made at the instigation of Protestant ministers, almost the only pro-test against it by the religious papers was made by the Roman Catholic Mirror of January 13. The "civil plea" which has been used 