AMEitiOAN SENtiNti.. The W. C. T. U. and Sunday Laws. THE National W.C. T. U. has now definitely put itself on record on the question of Sunday laws and Sabbath-keepers, in the following :,ords:Š "Resolved, That we favor the amendffieht of all State Sunday laws which do not contain the usual ex-emption for those who keep the Sabbath day." This resolution was offered "as involving all neces-sary points, and omitting the objectionable ones," in the following resolution, which was before the conven-tion "Resolved, That as a National Woman's Christen Temperance Union we protest against any such inter-pretation or use of any lines of our work as shall give aid or comfort to those who, through ignorance, preju-dice, or malice, would enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purpose of persecution, or to in any manner interfere with the most perfect liberty of conscience concerning days, or the manner of their ob-serŁvance." Now, we wish that somebody would take this original resolution and point out the "objectionable points." We really desire to know what points there are in that resolution that are "objectionable;" and then to know, also, why they are "objectionable." As the National Union has taken this action, and so has committed itself to the consideration of this subject, it is entirely proper for them to signify the "objection-able points" in that resolution. And we now say to all the women of the N. W. C. T. U. that the columns of this paper, the AMERICAN SENTINEL, are freely open to them, in which to show these "objectionable points." It is proper that they should do this, because we are concerned in it. They have adopted a resolution definitely directed to "those who keep the Sabbath day." There are about fifty thousand of the Sev-enth-day Adventists, alone, besides the Seventh-day Baptists, in the United States, who are concerned in the action of the National Union in passing this reso-lution, and who shall be concerned in their putting the resolution into effect. And, as in their estima-tion, the resolution that they passed, was passed ex-pressly:in order to avoid the "objectionable points" in the resolution that was before the convention, they ought to be willing, for the sake of 'the many who are concerned, to state what are the "objectionable points" in the:original resolution, and why we should be ex-pected to accept the substitute, and their action in  car- rying it out, instead of insisting upon; the principles embodied in the resolution for which the one that was adopted is the substitute. For, surely, they ought to have our co-operation in what they have adopted; and' we can assure the N. W. T. 'U. that we do sincerely wish to co-operate with themŁ in every way that ispossi- ,and we will do so. But when a vital principle is in- volved, then adherence to principle is of more worth. than is co-operation at the expense of principle. by Ike National W. C. T.U. convention the following; notice was given:Š "Madam President and Delegates: I give notice that at the next annual convention I, or some one in my place, will offer the following amendment to the consti-tution:Š "ARTICLE vi.ŠPLANS OP WORE. "Nothing shall ever be incorporated into any plan of N. W. C. T. U. work, by department or otherwise, which must of necessity become the occasion of sectarian controversy; or which can in any sense be made to inter-fere with perfect liberty of conscience." This is the regularly established procedure in the N. W, C. T. U. in all matters pertaining to amendments to the constitution. This notice, therefore, stands as perfectly regular and strictly in order; and, as such, is, before the union for consideration, through the whole year, until the next annual convention, and Will then be,  before the convention for consideration in convention,, and for the decision of the convention. Thus, by two distinct actsŠtheir own action as a convention, and this notice of an amendmentto the con-. stitutionŠthe N. W. C. T. U. is committed definitely to the consideration of Sunday laws as affecting Sabbath. observers, and to the consideration of their plans of work with respect to whatever may be, or may become,, "the occasion of sectarian controversy, or which can in any sense be made to interfere with perfect liberty of conscience." In other words, the N. W. C. T. U., by these two acts, is brought face to face, officially and as a body, with the question of religious libertyŠtherighta of conscience as involved in Sunday lavvs and Sabbath observance. We are glad of it. This is .a good thing.. It is one of the best things that has happened to the N. W. C. T. U. since about 1886, at least, if not one oft-the best things that ever happened to it. THE National Union, in convention assembled; has; declared itself in "favor" of "the amendment of all State Sunday laws which do not containthe usuatexemption for those who keep the Sabbath day." This action of, theirs commits them to an examination of 'all the State-Sunday laws, to discover which of , them does "not con-tain the usual exemption for,-those who keep the Sab-bath day;" and then, having found these, to "favor the amendment" of them. In the nature of the case, this commits the whole National Union to the study of the question of Sunday laws and Sabbath observers. And, as there is a regu-larly introduced notice of an amendment, which they will be asked to adopt, at,the next annual conventian, by which "nothing shall ever beincorporated, into any plan of the N. W. C. T. El: work, by department or other-L 