642 AMERICAN SENTINEL. prise of precisely similar character in the Philippines. The supporters of this enterprise are aware of it, and almost without exception, so far as we have seen, side with Great Britain in the latter's determination to ex-tinguish the South African republics. And there is no question but that England would view the intervention of the United States in behalf of peace, as an exhibition of gross inconsistency and insin-cerity; for the English people discern nothing but the spirit of their own imperialism in the course of foreign conquest upon which the American Government has en-tered. More than this, the United States would be accused of gross ingratitude. For, as a London journal has said, the American bargain for Asiatic territory was made "under the protecting naval strength of England;" and (speaking for England) "we shall expect, to be quite frank, a material quid pro quo for this assist-ance." It will be expected, among other things, that the United States will look the other way and say nothing while Great Britain is ridding the earth of re-publics. That a word for peace from the United States, spoken under other circumstances, would have weight with Great Britain, there is good reason to believe. The friendship of the United States is, from both a com-mercial and a political point of view, of the utmost value to the British Isles, and of this the British govern-ment has shown itself to be fully aware. Standing iso-lated among the nations of Europe, England is in no position to lightly turn aside from the proffered friend-ship of a giant poweiŁ across the sea. Who can say, therefore, that had the United States remained true to its foundation principle of government by consent of the governed, and as the mighty cham-pion of free government, had expressed to Great Britain its wish for the preservation of peace and of republican government in South Africa, Great Britain would not have listened to its counsel, and left the settlement of Transvaal disputes to arbitration or other peaceable means? And who, therefore, can say but that the terri-ble war that is threatened and is even now reported as begun, will not stand in history as a fearful indict-ment of the American Republic for being recreant to republican principles? A Valid Reason. MR. HOMERTILE to Mr. Forcerule: My friend, why do you shoot down these poor savages to whom we have come for their benefit? MR. FORCERIILE (looking at some savages he has killed): I told them to submit to my authority, and as they refused, I had to shoot them. Mr. H. But might you not have left them alone,  even though they did not want to be under your au-thority? Mr. F. No, indeed; for if I had, they would proba bly have got to quarreling and might have killed each other! The Only True Remedy for War. THE Independent says that "none but a Quaker will' assert that war is never right." Then there are a good many Quakers in the world who are not recognized as Quakers. And from the vast numbers of people who profess to be Christians, there should be millions who would "assert that war is never right" whether they-were Quakers or not. War is never right simply because the conditions which allow war to be possible are absolutely wrong. There was war in heaven. That is the first war that ever was. It was made by the devil. And plainly it was not right. That was the origin of war: and that is the spirit of it ever. How, then, can it ever possibly be right? Yet when it is said with reference to the nations as they are, that war is never right, it is like saying to the natural man that sin is never right. It is true that sin is never right; but the natural man will still continue to sin. He cannot do anything but sin so long as he is only the natural man, so long as his nature is unchanged. To tell a man whose nature is unchanged, who is not spiritual, that sin is never right, and expect him not to sin, while retaining that unchanged nature, would be but a mocking platitude. And to tell him that sin is right, would be worse. And this would argue that the one who expected him not to sin while retaining his unchanged nature, also expected him to be his own saviour: and this because he who expected all this knew of no Saviour who can give another nature and change. the natural man to a spiritual man, from sin to right-eousness. He who knows the Saviour who can change the nat-ural man to a spiritual man, who can give him another nature, who can deliver him from sin and from sinning, does not expect the natural man not to sin. While he may tell him that sin is never right, he will also tell him that the only way that he can cease from sin and do the right, is by being saved from sin, by being made par-taker of the divine nature, by being changed from the natural to the spiritual man, by being born again. It is precisely so as to war. War is never right. Yet so long as men possess the warring nature, they will make war. And for the churches to tell the nations that war is !wrong, and then expect the nations not to make war, while still unchanged from the warring na-ture, is but almocking platitude. And for the churches to tell:the nations that war is right, is far worse. 