Nis,01110,5011  160 TT-4E AMERICAN' SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 20. NEW YORK, MAY 19, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Manhattan, Kan., Mercury thinks that "the cause of Christ is able to take care of itself," and that "every true American believes in the separation of Church and State." _0_ AN exchange remarks that it is signifi-cant that every dive-keeper in Chicago who is alive to his " business interests" wants the World's Fair closed on Sundays. Likewise the proprietors of all the near-by alleged " summer resorts." Š0Š AN attempt was made on the 1st inst. to enforce the Sunday law in Saginaw, Mich., "but," a dispatch to the Mail and Express remarks, " it was noticed that there was more excitement and a greater number of ' drunks ' than usual." -0- REV. FRANCIS W. WARE, Field Secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union for the State of Michigan, says that the American Sabbath Union is " not alto-gether a religious organization," though admitting it to be a creation of the different branches of the "evangelical " churches. These churches, then, have given birth to something not altogether religious. God's plan in the beginning was that every tree should bear fruit after its kind, and such is still the invariable law of nature. What can it mean that these churches are evolv-ing something not altogether religious ? What is the matter with the churches ? Š0Š IN explaining why the American Sab-bath Union was called into existence, the same gentleman, in a lecture delivered at Battle Creek, Mich., April 24, stated that the Sunday Sabbath for some cause or other has come to that pass that " the churches can not handle it alone." That is to say that these_" evangelical " churches, some of which boast of several million members, are not now capable of perform-ing their religious duties and maintaining their religious institutions alone, but just now when they have become numerically stronger than ever before, they must re-ceive assistance from the State; must have some outside force to help them keep the Sabbath they profess to so greatly love and revere. What, again we ask, is the matter with the churches ? IF' there were not many in these churches  who are lovers of pleasure more than lov-ers of God, who have not the moral stam-ina to resist the attractions of the world, who, in short, are unconverted, and whose affections are upon the things of the earth rather than on things above, would there be this demand on the part of the churches for worldly assistance ? Is not this the trouble with the churches ? Š0Š SOME weeks ago we said : " Christianity fostered and supported by a civil govern-ment ceases to be Christianity." Upon this one of our country exchanges, with National Reform proclivities, makes this inquiry : " Would you have the civil gov-ernment and Christianity enemies with one another ? " This is evidently intended as a squelcher. It serves, however, only to reveal the colossal ignorance of our querist upon this whole subject. Š0Š GOVERNMENT, like marriage, is a divine, but not a Christian institution. Like marriage, all are entitled to share its blessings. It belongs as much to the in-fidel and the atheist as to the Christian. Government has nothing to do with reli-gion any more than it has to do with Odd-fellowship or Freemasonry. It simply secures to all their natural rights, or rather, the free exercise of those rights. The government knows, or at least should know, neither Jew nor Christian, but only citizens. The ideal human govern-ment would neither oppose nor foster any religion, but simply let such matters alone as entirely outside its sphere. Š0Š WHILE in attendance at a meeting of the International Executive Board of the Knights of Labor, at Pittsburg, Pa., Mr. Powderly said to a reporter :Š I think the World's Fair should be as open on Sunday as on any other day, as Sunday is the only day of leisure to a large majority of the working class..  It is a significant fact that notwithstand-ing the persistent efforts of the Sunday forces to make it appear that organized labor demands Sunday closing, of all the petitions with which Congrees has been flooded for Sunday closing of the Fair, but one has been presented representing a body of laboring men. Š0Š THE Christian Advocate, of this city, has in its issue of March 24, this state-ment by a correspondent A man in this neighborhood, wishing to sell whisky secured twelve persons to sign his petition. Six belong to the Methodist Episcopal church. It is but fair to say that the statement is merely made as the basis of a question, and that in replying to the inquiry the Advocate says :Š These persons violated the Discipline of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church. They are subjects for the application of the Discipline. It might, however, be well for the Methodists, and some other churches as  well, to get their own dooryards thoroughly cleaned before they again charge those who conscientiously oppose all Sunday laws with being allies of the saloons. An applicant for a liquor license might search the United States from the Atlantic to the Pacific and from the lakes to the gulf, but he would not find one Seventh - day Adventist willing to sign his petition, yet, because of their opposi-tion to Sunday laws Adventists are classed with about all that is evil. -0-- THE Sunday Observance Committee of Keyport, N. J., held a meeting recently, at which reports from various commit-tees were listened to. The committee to wait upon Mr. Cornell, of the Keyport Steamboat Company to ask him not to .run his boat to New York on Sunday, during the summer, reported that Mr. Cornell claimed that the Sabbath commit-tee should see the farmers in reference to the receiving and shipping of produce on Sunday. The committee resolved to en-force the law upon those who had their places of business open the previous Sun-day. Š0Š IN a recent meeting in this city in behalf of Sunday observance, Col. Elliott F. Shepard, President of the American Sab-bath Union, is reported by the Mail and Express as speaking "of the revelation and blessing contained in the fourth com-mandment, that man ought to rest one continuous seventh part of time, and would be rewarded with infinite blessing if he did." Had this appeared in any other paper there might be a suspicion that some reporter had played the Colonel false, and put into his mouth words which he never uttered, but as his own paper says it we must believe that Mr. Shepard now advocates keeping " one continuous sev-enth part of time." If by this he means all time, the thing is quite impossible; no man lives long enough to do that. But if by his unmeaning jumble the Colonel in-tends one-seventh of the life time of the individual, the difficulty is equally great, for no man knows the measure of his days, hence could not keep one continuous seventh part of his time. Any man who wishes can keep a definite seventh part of his time, or a seventh part in regular succession, but to keep a continuous sev-enth part of time is out of the question. The Colonel should not require of his disciples impossibilities. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 00c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street. NeNv X9rix City, 