AMERICAN SENTINEL. 169 commandment? Is it that part which specifies which day it is that must be observed as the Sabbath or Lord's day? Certainly this committee did not mean to imply that Sunday observance is not a thing of great import-ance. Take Sunday out of their aims and calculations, and let no other definite day be substituted, and there would be neither point nor force in this call to prayer for sabbath observance. That part of the fourth commandment specified in the call is important, certainly. But it is not the impor-tant part of the command. Every part of it is impor-tant. Every part of every divine command is important. It is of the highest importance. This is a characteristic which attaches to every word that God has spoken- to man. It is utterly useless to engage in prayer for Sabbath observance without believing that every part of God's Sabbath commandment is supremely important, not ex-cepting that part which says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Those who would realize profit from this occasion, must believe this, and give every part of the command their sincere "Amen." * Ł -4 -4 " Lord's Day Congress " in Lowell, Mass. BY F. C. GILBERT. THE New England Sunday Protective League held another of its congresses on March 4, in Lowell, Mass., for the purpose of agitating the enforcement of Sunday sacredness by law. It seemed evident that the afternoon audience were not wholly inspired with the spirit of the movement, which caused the leaders some displeasure.. The real spirit was, however, in no wise lacking among the prime movers. Rev. 0. H. Denney, who conducted the devotional ex-ercises, read from the thirteenth chapter of Nehemiah, and thought the lesson was very applicable to present conditions. The same principles inculcated by that man of God should be instilled in the minds of the people at the present time. The same power which Nehemiah used to compel the men of Tyre to desist from "selling fish on Sunday," should be swayed by the leaders of religionists to-day, he said. And in the course of his growing elo-quence he asked, "Nehemiah had authority to compel those people to refrain from selling fish on Sunday. What will God say when asking us [meaning the preach-ers] if we used our infallible authority in the same way, and we reply we did not " ? " We should as ministers of the gospel compel these people to desist from selling their modern fish on Sunday, such as Sunday papers, cigars, soda-water," etc. We had always thought that there is only one person in this world who claimed infallible authority, but it ap- pears that the popes are legion. Where in the Bible do the preachers find that God endowed them with "infalli- ble authority" to seek power from legislatures to enforee their ideas of Sunday sacredness upon the whole people I? Where has the Lord authorized them to lay their hands upon the people to make them desist from selling their wares on Sunday? I suppose the chapter on "infallible authority" must be in the same volume which records that Nehemiah told the people to desist from selling fish on Sunday, and which says that the first day, of the week is the Sabbath. In the address of welome, Rev. F. K. Stratton con-fessed that the ministers of the city were apathetic to this phase of the Sabbath (Sunday) question, and hoped there would be a reformation hereafter,Šthat the ministry would often tell the people they ought to have Sunday laws, and why. He too administered scathing rebukes to the various kinds of modern "fish" sold on Sunday, and protested against their breaking down the modern Sun-day. Hence he accorded the Congress a hearty welcome, believing it to be very timely, and hoped it would be the beginning of a successful crusade against all the evils of desecration, etc., etc. The next speaker, Rev. S. T. Ford, in response to the welcome for the city churches, was not as harmonious on the issue as his predecessors. In fact he was quite " het-erodoxical," as he expressed it, and his speech confirmed the statement. He believed in the entire separation of Church and State, and that no legislation should be se-cured for the sacredness of the day. He said that man could not' be made religious by law, and all laws which sought to enforce religion were contrary to the doctrine of Americanism. There is but one way a man becomes devotional, and that is by having his conscience awak-ened by the Spirit of God. And he remarked that alt laws designed to enforce religious dogmas were simply avenues toward uniting Church and State. He thought that the only ground upon which these Sunday laws could be secured was the economic phase, that people had a right to have one day's rest in seven from labor as a matter of physical necessity. It was apparent his speech did not have a soothing effect upon the ministers generally, but it certainly was a relish to hear one man, in such an assembly, express some vital truths on the subject of religious liberty. A paper on "the authority of the Lord's day" was read by Rev. S. M. Dick; but that the Lord designed a definite, specific, twenty-four hour period was regarded as foolishness by the speaker. He said it simply meant that the Lord designed that man should rest on a given day; and when the community or the State or country declared which day it should be, then, remarked the speaker, that is the day that the Lord blessed. Of course as long as the people had decided in this nation that the first day of the week was the day, everybody ought to keep that day, for the Bible was authority for the sanc-tity of the day. We were reminded of what the Apostle Peter said relative to people wresting the Scripture to their own destruction. How sad to hear people, espec-ially those claiming to be in a special manner the repre-. 