148 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Statehood was bestowed upon Utah because it was Ł believed that the members of the dominant church had become honestly divided. What has been the result? Briefly, the priesthood has been gradually regaining all the power it abandoned in order to lull the suspicions of the religious people of this country. Mormon ambition is intrenched behind absolute authority, and is able to bid defiance to the religious sentiment of the country, and to trade for political power. In fact, the Mormon kingdom, of which Joseph Smith and Brigham Young dreamed, seems likely to become a reality. "The hold of the church upon the State is becoming stronger with every year. The governorship was put in the hands of Heber M. Wells, a young man who had been closely identified with church business matters, in the first election under statehood. The Supreme Court and some of the district courts, by inadvertence, were given to the Gentiles. A United States senatorship was seized for the son of George Q. Cannon, the real head of the church. The second election resulted in the defeat of the most determined Mormon opponent of the union of church and state, Moses Thatcher, whose ambition to be United States senator was balked by the leaders. Salt Lake City was wrested last year from the control of the Gen-tiles, and a faithful Mormon was made mayor. School boards were next attacked,and churchmen whose loyalty to their 'file leaders' was unquestioned, were placed in power. There are still several promising fields in which the church leaders may operate; and it can hardly be doubted that they will not rest until they have secured as complete control of Utah as Tammany has of New York. "One of the outgrowths of the increased power of the priesthood is seen in the new policy in educational mat-ters. Before Utah became a State the schools of Salt Lake City and other important places, and the University and Agricultural college were the pride of all the people. Good salaries were paid to teachers, and it was the aim of those in control to secure the best possible talent. Teachers were drawn even from New York and Massachu-setts on the east and California on the west. The broad-est and most modern educational ideaS were put in force. This is being changed now. With the control by the priesthood of the educational officials, the idea of em-ploying only young men and women of Utah, and even-tually, of course, only young Mormons as teachers, is becoming dominant.. In this is seen one of the striking examples of the use of Mormon political power, and the principle applied will fit in almost any department of the State. "If the church and state matters were to be confined to Utah, however, perhaps the subject would be unworthy of more than passing notice. The 70,000 or more Gen-tiles could be left to work out their own fortunes or leave the State. But there is a broader meaning to Mormon ambition than is found in the mere contemplation of the little western State, which is of vital interest to the whole country. "Utah has two United States senators. The church has demonstrated its ability to choose these officials, for both Senators Cannon and Rawlins owe their seats to the exercise of the priesthood's power. Wyoming has two more. The Mormons are very strong in the western counties. Idaho has two more. Senators Shoup and Heitfeldt owe their election to the Mormon vote in the legislature, in which the church has held the balance of  power for four years. Here, then, are six senatorial votes and nine electoral votes over which the Mormon leaders will have at least partial control. "Moreover, as Apostle Lyman said in an address be-fore the Mormon conference in Brooklyn, 'Zion is spread-ing out. Zion wants more room to grow.' The old ag-gressive missionary work of the church has been started again since the Federal Government generously gave the priesthood freedom and restored to it the property that had been confiscated. Converts are again being sent out to the West Mormon settlements in Colorado and Ne-vada are very considerable, and politicians in each have learned to make concessions to secure the Mormon vote. Politicians in Arizona, which must some day become a State, now acknowledge that the balance of power in its affairs is held in Salt Lake City. New Mexico also has a growing Mormon population that is bound to become potent. It will thus be seen that the church vote, prop-erly handled, might become a most powerful factor in the politics of the intermountain States. "Will it be so handled? The only answer one can give is that Mormon ambition in the past has never hesi-tated to secure power; Mormon leaders are among the most astute politicians in this country; and the Mormon people have ever been plastic when the priesthood has told them the good of 'God's people' would come from obedi-ence to their leaders." Whose Is the " Mark " ? BY C. H. KESLAKE. IT has been proved in previous articles that the beast having two horns like a lamb (Rev. 13:11) symbolizes the United States, and that consequently it is this gov-ernment that is to enforce that which the prophecy calls a "mark." In this article it will be proper to inquire whose mark it is that is to be enforced by this nation. The answer to this question will furnish additional proof that the two-horned beast and the United States are one and the same. The enforcement of the mark is set forth in the proph-ecy thus, "And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in the foreheads." Verse 16. In connection with this there is to be brought about in this country that which is called "an image to the beast," and which is to be worshiped by the receiving of the mark. Verses 15, 16. The original of this image is the beast that had the deadly wound and was healed. Verses 12,,14. From this it will be seen that it is the power symbol-ized by the beast that received the deadly wound, and yet was healed, to whom the mark belongs. The record of this deadly wound being inflicted is given in verse 3 of the chapter under consideration, and verse 1 shows it to be the ten-horned leopard beast. The power there symbolized is quite generally con-ceded, by Protestants, to be'the papacy; and correctly, too. 