111111nill 11011 1101114m1011111111011igel 11011ini9100M110 fiag,111, .1111110111111voi111 h ill Ilia,  l',111111J11100... 111118111111111H 1401111iIIIIIIIilii(111111111111 11111,,,.' .11 ~ji1[1011!ji Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .'eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JUNE 4, 1891. NUMBER 23. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 4$ BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post OfRce as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc BEE. "THE doctrine that it belongs primarily to the State and not to the family, to pro-vide for the education of children, and especially that fatal and needless extension of the principle so as to embrace their religious instruction, is fruitful of the worst and most unhappy results, and can not fail, if carried, in application to its final consequences, to subvert society it-self ; for it attacks in its main vital point the sanctity of the family relation." " THE General Assembly," remarks Mr. Shepard's paper "unanimously adopted the resolution prepared by the Committee on Sabbath Observance; so now the whole force of the Presbyterian Church is be-hind the request that the Commissioners and Directors of the Chicago Fair shall decide immediately to close the doors of the Exposition on Sundays and shall announce their decision. This matter ought to be decided right, and it ought to be decided at once." A LONDON despatch of May 2 refers to the educational measures now before Par-liament, as follows:Š Mr. Howorth accurately reflects the Tory fears by saying that even if the Government should now succeed in passing a measure which should give the Church the control of the schools, the next Radical flood would sweep away forever the religious constitution of the school government under the plea of local control. Ł The Unionists support the bill heartily. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, in a letter on the subject, contends that it is impossible to undermine the existing denominational schools, and that it would Cost R50,000,000 to replace them with others, even  if the people approved of displacing them. The Roman Catholics, in view of the fact that the bill secures the clerical control of the schools, adhere to it enthusiastically. The Duke of Norfolk, the secular chief of the English Romanists, in a speech at a Unionist society, hailed the Government's proposals as based on the lines of doing justice to everybody. The Nonconformist bodies have expressed their opinion in a resolution approved by the Baptist Union Assembly, to the effect that no scheme can be satisfactory unless it shall provide for free un-sectarian education, controlled by the ratepayers. This is interesting, and the progress of the bill will be closely watched by the friends of secular education everywhere. The Continental Sunday. As noted in these columns last week, the opening, on Sunday, of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in this city has been fully decided upon. This action was bitterly opposed by a large number of people on the ground that it would be a long step toward the introduction of the Continental Sunday into New York. " If Sunday opening of a museum," said they, " is justified as profitable for the instruction and amusement of the public, the opening of all places for public recreation may be demanded and defended for the same reason." Upon this the Sun remarks :Š Unquestionably it is a sound argument. The petitioners for the opening of the museum under-took to draw a moral distinction between the ad-mittance of the public to libraries, reading-rooms, picture galleries, and museums, and their admission to " places of the paying kind ; " but no such dis-tinction exists. Whether the exhibition is free or not makes no difference so far as concerns the moral questions involved. If it is undesirable to offer the people the temptation of public amusement on Sunday, the case is made the worse when the exhibition is free, for vastly more of them will visit the show. If the methods of Sunday observ-ance to which we have been accustomed are salu-tary, and can not be changed generally without injury to the public welfare, the damage done will be more rather than less if the innovation is started by an institution like the Metropolitan Museum and at the demand of thirty thousand intelligent and influential citizens, including many and prominent clergymen. The conclusion arrived at by the Sun is, that the decision to open the museum on Sunday " accelerates the progress of the Continental Sunday in New York." This, however, the Sun does not regard as a source of regret ; no more do we. The " Continental Sunday" is simply liberty for the people to do, upon Sunday, as seemeth to them good ; if they choose to devote the day to religion, well and good; but if they elect to spend it in some other manner that is their business, so long as they do not inter-fere with the rights of others. But it is urged by Sunday-law advocates everywhere, that Sunday keeping elevates the people who keep it. This is a mistake; it is the people who make the day what-ever it is in any country. The difference between Sunday in London and in Paris is simply the difference between the people in those cities, and no amount of law could make it otherwise. Law may restrain the vicious, but it has no power to elevate the immoral, and it is utterly useless for gov-ernments to undertake the task. The people must work out their own moral salvation independent of civil government. Again, the truth of the proposition that it is the people and not the laws that give character to Sunday in every place, is shown by the fact that in every European country, except France, Sunday is by law recognized as a sacred day, and the pro-tection of civil law is thrown around it. It is not, however, observed as well as people voluntarily observe it elsewhere. Yet men here plead for Sunday laws to preserve us from the " Continental Sun-day!" If the so-called Christian govern-ments and Christian rulers of Europe have failed to either make or keep the people Christian by civil law, is it reasonable to expect any better results in this country ? Would it not be altogether better to at-tempt nothing of the kind, and to leave all questions of religious faith and practice to the churches and to individuals ? It is a fact that a majority of people, are, from choice, idle upon Sunday. It has long been a custom to regard that day as a sort of holiday. The only thing government can justly do is to see to it that upon this 