THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. thing they sliould'b:8 opett'On no Clay of the We*: How would a resolution of this kiiid sound: " 'Resolved, That we give the weight of our in-fluence to every legitimate movement which tends to abolish highway robbery on the Lord's day, and we urge that this crime be entirely prohibited on Sunday.' And everybody knows that humanity suffers ten times more from the work of saloons than from the highway robbers."Š  The Michigan Christian Advocate has this to say concerning the charges of political methods in the late Methodist conference in this city : "One delegate to the general conference wants to testify that there was no cause to set afloat stories of political wire pull-ing. He deliberately states that 'these stories origi-nated with persons who fail to get the recognition they think themselves entitled to. Everything was open and above board, and the efforts to secure the election -of certain men were made in a perfectly fair and open way.' Other men give an opposite report. Which shall we believe? Which is right? Believe both. Both are truthful. Both bear veracious testimony. The only difference between them is that one doesn't know and the other does. One neither saw nor heard anything improper, the other did." The charge that political methods, were used does not necessarily mean dishonest methods. Political -conventions are sometimes conducted in a perfectly "fair and open way." The Advocate is doubtless correct: one man saw things the other did not see. He was not a wise justice who discharged a man accused of stealing a pig, because while only two witnesses testified positively that they saw the defendant steal the pig, twelve wit-nesses testified that they did not see him steal it. The ignorance of one man concerning a fact, however mon-umental that ignorance may be, cannot offset the posi-tive knowledge of another man, however limited that knowledge may be. Some time since we made mention of the move--ment on foot for the federation of all Roman Catholic societies of this country. Recently Bishop McFaul, of Trenton, N. J., has taken occasion to urge that this be done. He says that the influence of such a union "should be felt in our State legislatures, and in the National Congress, whenever bigots attempt the in-vasion of our rights." Of course in the Bishop's view "bigots attempt the invasion of our rights" whenever any attempt is made to keep the Catholic Church, from getting whatever she happens to demand. The Bishop says that the twelve million Catholics have no influ-‚ence in the country proportional to their numbers, that few Catholics can get, an office ; while the sects are so united that if a legislature interferes with their smallest claim they besiege the legislative halls and  frightert the l'aVrnaleers into submission. It is time, he says, for Catholics to "rush to the front," and awake from their torpor. So far as the reports state, the Bishop did not dis-tinctly state just what direction this new activity should take ; but it has been suggested that one thing he had in mind was the American public school sys-temŠincluding the Indian schools, They are indig-nant that Congress should have decreed the end of ap-propriations for religious schools ; they think it a great wrong to them. "Wearied by the useless waiting for assistance from the present government, the Catholics of Spain," says the Catholic Mirror, "have demanded from the min-istry permission for the foundation in Madrid out of their own means of a purely Catholic university, sim-ilar to the one at Louvain, Belgium." And this is just what the Catholics of Spain ought to have done in the first place. No government on earth ought to give one cent in any way either to found or to maintain sectarian institutions either educational or otherwise. It is stated that an order will soon be issued for the election of members of an assembly to form a con-stitution for Cuba. The apportionment will be on the basis of one member for each one thousand inhabit-ants. The chief justice of the island, two of the insular secretaries, the civil governor of Havana, and the rec-tor of the University of Havana will sit in the conven-tion with the elected representatives. At a recent meeting of leading Filipinos to con-sider the question of securing a satisfactory peace, a paper was prepared stating a number of conditions which they deemed essential to that end, one of which was the expulsion of the friars. Upon this point the whole assembly were unanimous and earnest. In the comments elicited by the incident the general opinion is expressed that the friars will be left undisturbed in their possessions. According to the latest official Roman Catholic census, which is said to have been "very carefully pre-pared," there are in the United States 10,129,677 Cath-olics. The religious journals of India are said to be crit-icizing the viceroy, Baron Curzon, for disregard of Sunday. The Church of England papers are consist-ent, however, inasmuch as they criticize him even more severely for travelling on Good Friday. 