192 ~101CI 11 C.A..N SENT' IN 1L-ALA. VoL. 9, No. 24. NEW YORK, JUNE 14, 1894. iTr ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. JUNE 7, R. R. Whaley, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Church Hill, Md., was arrested for working in his garden on the previous Sunday. As usual religious bigotry inspires the persecution. The case was appealed and will come up at Centreville, in October. RECENTLY, the Presbyterian Church of England Synod adopted a resolution in favor of the disestablishment of the Eng-lish Church. But how does the Presby-terian Church stand on the question of disestablishment in Scotland, where Pres-byterianism is the established religion ? A CALIFORNIA paper notes the fact that some of the religious papers are protesting against the Sunday exhibitions of the United States war-ship Monterey at vari-ous coast towns in Southern California. Each visitor pays twenty-five cents, and it is charged that the Government is there-by encouraging Sunday exhibitions. IT is probable that Hungary will soon have a civil marriage law. The Liberal Party has been contending for this for a long time, but a slender majority in the House of Magnates has prevented the passage of the act. The emperor has now consented, however, to create enough Lib-eral magnates to give the Liberals a ma-jority and thus secure the passage of the Civil Marriage act. This will be a victory over Romish tyranny. THE Allied American, of June 2, an A. P. A. organ, published in Cleveland, Ohio, has this editorial note :Š " When any form of religion imperils the safety of the State it should be sup-pressed." Ł This is a fit companion piece to the utterance quoted by us in the SENTINEL of May 24, concerning parochial schools. And again our caution of some months ago is justified, namely : " The A. P. A. should see to it that in its efforts to pre-serve civil and religious liberty, it does not destroy both." It is exactly on this ground, i. e., public policy, that all religious persecution has been defended. The Jews sought to de-stroy Christ because they said : " If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans will come and take away both our place and nation." Pagan Rome pt rsecuted the early Christians be-cause their religion was inimical to the State. Under papal Rome the same plea  was urged, namely, political necessity. Political stability was declared to be im-possible without Christianity, and the papacy was alone Christian; hence heresy must be exterminated. If the Allied American, the New Era, and the Ameri-can Standard correctly represent the A. P. A., then that association is less danger-ous to liberty than is the papacy only because less powerful. Do these papers speak advisedly ? Do they represent the A. P. A. ? B. THE Constitutional Convention now in session at Albany has been asked to in-corporate into the new constitution this provision :Š No law shall be passed respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, nor shall the State, or any county, city, town, village, or other civil division, use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation or otherwise, or authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, main-taining, or aiding, by appropriation, payment for serv-ices, expenses, or in any other manner, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking, which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. The proposed section is being opposed by Roman Catholics, who urge that while it would cut off all State aid to their in-stitutions it would still permit appropria-tions to the various so-called unsectarian institutions; unsectarian as between Prot-estants, but nevertheless essentially Prot-estant in their management and teaching. This point is well taken; such is doubtless the purpose of the League for the Protec-tion of American Institutions, which has proposed, and is pushing, the measure. If the proposed section prohibited the use of any public funds, etc., for any church, religious denomination, or religious soci-ety, institution, or undertaking whatso-ever, and stopped there, no such objection could be made to it; but the words: " Wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control," leave an open door for that colorless thing called "unsectarian religious instruction," but which is offen-sive to Rome because it is a denial of her claim that she alone is the Christian Church. Rome's claims are false, but the State has no right to use public money to expose or undermine them. FOUR hundred thousand dollars is the amount which it is proposed to give to Roman Catholic schools this year from the national treasury. During the past eight years the Roman Catholics have received $2,366,416 from the Government for the support of their schools. During the same period " Protestants " received $1,401,535; it is true these so-called Prot-estants, seeing that in a game of this kind they were no match for Rome, have re-fused to accept further appropriations, but the mischief has been done. The precedent has been established and in all probability Rome will get the money as usual ; while " Protestants " will have the experience. THE SENTINEL lies received an unobtru-sive little book, bound in linen of a quiet Quaker gray, and with the title written diagonally across the cover in bold plain scriptŠ"A Squat e Talk to Young Men: by H. L. HastingsŠThird Million." This little volume contains one hundred and twenty-five pages, and includes not only the able and practical address to young men on the inspiration of the Bible,Šwhich is the subject of the " square talk,"Šbut also a very thorough discus-sion of the question, " Are There Corrup-tions in the New Testament ? A Con-densed Statement of the Facts Regarding the Preservation and Transmission of the New Testament Writings." It was a happy thought to bind these two compan-ion pieces of earnest exhortation and con-vincing evidence together in permanent form. The circulation of this book in this form should reach many more mil-lions. Price 75c. Address, H. L. Hastings; Boston, Mass. THE pope, it is stated, has instructed the French bishops to accept the new law in regard to church buildings, without oppo-sition. At the same time he expresses the opinion that the French bishops ought to approach the government in an identical request that the decree in regard to church buildings be applied with mildness. The new law takes the management of the parochial funds out of the exclusive con-trol of the incumbent. The readiness of the French bishops to accept this new law is accounted for not only by the fact that the pope has " instructed " them to accept it, but by the further fact that stipends from the government depend upon obedi-ence to the law. The government pays the priests a certain sum, and of course claims the right to command them in certain matters. ONE of the most worthy charities to be found anywhere is the Haskell Home, at Battle Creek, Mich., a home designed primarily for children, but at present ac-commodating temporarily, also, a few old ladies. The maintenance fund of the home is now very low and contributions are solicited. Will not the readers of the SENTINEL respond to this call ? " Inas-much as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." Send all remittances to J. H. Kellogg, M. D., Battle Creek, Mich. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more 64 " - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 