JUNE 29, 1893. A 11.01-LI C A..N 11-411.. 203 " Then are Seventh-day Adventists an-archists when they follow their convic-tions and work on Sunday? " was asked. The speaker saw he was hopelessly entan-gled and made an effort to escape but failed. When this last question was asked one of the leaders of the movement who recognized that the enemy was in the camp, rushed up to the speaker and whis-pered a warning, after which the meeting adjourned in hot haste. And this was a meeting of the " forty millions " I The rank and file of the people are no more in sympathy with this unconstitutional movement than were the "common people" in sympathy with the crucifixion of Christ. As then, so now, it is a few self-appointed leaders that are working the ruin. A. F. BALLENGER. The Union of Church and State in Europe. (Concluded.) UNDER the energetic protestations of the great Reformers, aimed as they were di-rectly against the abuses and evils of the papal church and hierarchy, one might have expected the entire separation of Church and State as a natural consequence, at least as far as Protestant Christianity and its church organization was concerned. But the solution of this problem was evi-dently reserved for later times, inasmuch as the Reformers themselves did not get much beyond the relation of dependence which the Church had heretofore sustained to the State, as we will show directly. In the beginning of his reformatory measures, Luther bid fair to bring the Church back to her divinely granted lib- erty and independence. He took the po-sition, that in the Church as well as in any assemblies of believers in Christ, through-out the world, no one, according to his (Luther's) conviction, should accept any sacred office whatever, without the sanc-tion or appointment of the Church; and further, that the Church herself was to keep control of her own property, and obtain the necessary means for its main-tenance and work by direct levies upon its own members and none others. In the rules which he drew up for the organiza- tion and maintenance of active and wide-awake churches, he says among other things, the following:Š Those who desire to be Christians in reality and in all earnest, and want to confess the gospel by word and deed, at all times and everywhere, ought, individually, by name, to sign a covenant to that effect, and should assemble in private houses, by themselves, for prayer, the reading of the Scrip-tures, to attend to the ordinances, and other Christian work. The political disturbances of those times, which, seemingly at least, were connected with the freedom of thought advocated by the Reformers, caused Luther to doubt the practicability of his ideal, so that, in spite of his telling testimonies concerning the then existing state of the Christian Church, viz., that the Church of his time was not a properly ordered body such as it should beŠhe nevertheless thought it was not advisable to introduce and establish once for all this missing order of things. In a polemic pamphlet, published later, he went even so far as to set up a definition which struck a direct blow at his own views as expressed formerly, in regard to the Church; for he therein says : " Where baptism [meaning ' Christening'] and the gospel are found let no one doubt that Christian saints are there, too, even  though they be nothing but babes in the cradle." By these statements he evidently makes the outward form the essential thing, and the inner sanctification a mat-ter of minor import. State churches have the former but not the latter. In the commencement of his measures of reform, Luther expressed himself very freely with regard to the relations the Church should sustain to the State; he wanted to see them separate from each other; " for," said he, " in respect to men's faith and conscience, the govern-ment has no right to interfere; neither has the civil power any right to proceed against heretics, be it by public punish-ments, or in any other way." But in this important point also, Luther allowed him-self, alas ! in later years, to yield, and went in the opposite direction. After the protest of Spires, in 1526, the Reforma-tion was not only placed directly under State protection, but Luther made it out to be the duty of the government to care for the Christian education of the youth, and to regulate church affairs, in their material bearings, at least. This action, of transferring the authority over the Church, in good faith and confidence, to the secular powers, took away from the Church her inalienable right of self-gov-ernment, as well as her independent rela-tion to the State. Thereby, however, the life of the Church was most seriously endangered, for henceforth her material prosperity was in a very large measure made dependent upon the government; and her spiritual condition, instead of being directly dependent on God and the relations they maintained toward him, was to be shaped by whatever views or convictions the ruling powers had, in that line. The bitter first-fruits of the most fatal harvest that was to come from this pernicious seed, Luther himself was des-tined to see and taste; for in his own life-time, yet, he was forced to " lament over, and deplore, the serious defects and ail-ments of the Church." Thus it came, that the glorious work of the Reforma-tion, with its mighty impulses of that faith which overcomes the world, was, partly by force of the then existing cir-cumstances, but largely through the short-sightedness of men, checked in its prog-ress at renovation, and brought to a stand-still, so that its final outcome,Šin-stead of being a restoration of the primitive and apostolic order of things, a living Church, free from the State, or human control, guided directly by the Spirit of God, aggressive for the truth, and rooted, grounded and settled in itŠit stopped . short with only a partial renovation and correction of its doctrines, retaining a number of the errors, and some fatal and strongly poisonous ones at that, of its former state, and with all the fetters of entire subjection to, and dependence upon, the secular arm, for leadership and pro-tection. Whilst we must concede to Luther the preeminence, as the chief instrumentality in bringing into recognition again the long neglected doctrine, so plainly taught by the Apostle Paul, of justification by faith, as well as the indebtedness of all German-speaking peoples, for giving them Što be sure somewhat faulty in transac-tion and style, yet terse and forcible in languageŠthe Holy Scriptures in their own mother-tongue, which ever since stood to them as a lofty beacon light of eternal truth; yet the apostolical organi-zation and independence of the Church has been in a large measure kept from the people mainly in consequence of his later church-policy. A prominent German writer (Richter) says of the Lutheran Church, that she is not so much a subject in the active exercise of her divinely ap-pointed rights, as an object, carrying out the duties imposed upon her by the State. Singularly enough, the relation of the Church to the State, in Switzerland, being an outcome of the Swiss Reformation, took shape quite similarly to that in Ger-many, although the Swiss State Church proper has now, under its comparatively more liberal republican government, more rights and privileges in ecclesiastical mat-ters. Zwingle, like Luther, sought pro-tection from the government for the Church, and demanded that it should care for the Christian education of the youth ; he even conceded to the State the right to direct ecclesiastical matters. The head of the government, and his council, together with the clergy, consider the ecclesiastical and spiritual affairs of the Church, and make all leading arrangements for the same; the Church, however, has the right to raise objections, and may even reject the administration, if the latter make un-christian and unreasonable demands of the people. The presbyteries guard, under the gov-ernment, the privileges of the Church in the Swiss (Reformed) State Church organi-zation, and give in so doing far more sat-isfaction than is the case in the Lutheran Church. Calvin agreed with Luther and Zwingle in the main, but he insisted with more rigid severity upon church disci-pline throughout the land. It was not allowed to install a preacher into office without the consent of the Church : and a consistory, composed of clergy and laity, exercised the rights and functions of a regular court of administrative discipline; but both clergy and laity became subject to the same moral surveillance from the government. The French Reformed, like-wise the English, Scotch and Netherland-ish (Dutch) Reformed Churches were all organized after the sample of the model church at Geneva. The most complete amalgamation be-tween Church and State, in the world, is found in the Greek Catholic Church of Russia, where the emperor, or czar, is both the spiritual and the temporal head of the realm; and a Russian citizen can-not, as a member of the Greek Church, leave the same, without forfeiting likewise his Russian citizenship. Concerning the ideal of what a church ought to be, externally as well as inter-nallyŠnamely holy, and catholic, in the true sense of the wordŠall the Reformers were of one mind; but in their attempts to realize their ideal they differed, with-out even a single one of them ever suc-ceeding in reaching the desired end, i. e., without ever establishing any ecclesiastical organization after the pattern of the first apostolic church, either in form or in doctrine. Since the time of the Reformation nei-ther the Lutheran nor the Reformed State Churches, even though they changed their name in some instancesŠas, for example, in Germany, or more correctly, in Prussia, where both Lutheran and Reformed were merged into one, the Evangelical State Church, concerning which union, a cler- gyman, himself a member of tie latter church, once very truthfully remarked to the writer : " When the Lutheran and the Reformed Churches united in Ger- 