044 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Duty, not Based upon Rights. "1,Aws forbidding labor on the Sabbath," we are told by those Who advocate them, "are based'upon the right of every man to enjoy a day of rest." This is strange "logic" to apply to the doctrine of human rights. Every man haS a right to get married; must we therefore have a law compelling all men to marry? Every man has a rightŁ to acquire property ; ia it therefore necessary that the acquisition of property should be'thade compulsory?  . Because some one else has a right to do-a: thiaftmatust I be forced to do the same thing in order that he may enjoy his right? If so, then individual rights are not equal; for my own choice in the matter is made to give place to that of another. But individual rights are equal. What another per-son does in the exercise of a right, I have an equal right to refrain from doing. An act done under compulsion is not the exercise of a right. The basis of compulsion is duty, and the power which _compels also prescribes duty in respect to the thing co m pelled. . When the. State, Łtherefore;  eompels the observance of the Sabbath, it prescribes the duty of every citizen with respect to Sabbath observance. It removes Sabbath observance from the realm of privilege to that of duty. The duty of Sabbath observance does not grow out of the right to.  bserve the day, but out of the relation of man to the Author of the Sabbath. The question of the duty of Sabbath, observanceis first settled in the mind of the individual before he considers it as a matter of per-sonal right. It was in the' sphere of Łman's duty, and not of his rights, that Sabbath observance originated. This duty was set forth and commanded by the Crea-tor, the Author of the Sabbath. In prescribing Sabbath observance as a duty, the State sets itself in the place of God. It is not the business of the State to prekeribe duty. The duty does not grow out of the right, but the right out of the duty. The right of Sabbath observance affords no basis for compulsory legislation; it cannot be made the basis of any hu man law for Sabbath observance. Any such law rests upon another basis, and that basis is nothing else than religious intolerance. It is the prerogative of God alone to prescribe duty. His law prescribes duty fpr mankind, but he leaves men free to choose whether they will walk in that pathway or not. But what the State prescribes by law is taken out of the realm of man's free choice. And when the Sabbath observance is removed, from — . the realm of man's free choice, by that very act it is de-, pied that Sabbathobservance belongs within the sphere of individhal rights:: The law which-claims to be "based upon the right of every. man. to enjoYd, day of rest" each Week, in reality denies that any such right, exists: Right Invulnerable. BY FANNIE BOLTON. 'Tis wrong that raves with frantic cry To hush right'sŁvoice so sweet and still. 'Tis falsehood that must terrify, When truth goes calmly by at will. 'Tis error that must take the sword, And seek to stop the Christ-like course. 'Tis love that wins men by a word, And hate that fails through using force. Right can be still and calm and strong, Moving as stars do in their course, Alone amid the hosts of wrong, That run and shriek their voices hoarse. Truth holds. God's scepter for her own, And wears a crown beneath men's thorn. Falsehood upon a man-made throne Feels all his weakness, devil-born. Right has a strength invulnerable, A union with Almighty power. Wrong bolstered up by men and hell Must fortify from hour to both.. Truth leads a white-robed army out From heaven's battlements of light; But falsehood's hosts of,weakling doubt Hurl puny shafts of carnal might..  Falsehood shall wither and decay, Wrong be'as ashes and as dust. Error as shadow slink away, Force be corroded as with rust. Right shall be victor crowned at last, Truth shall be robed in stars of light; Love shall hold all things safe and'fast, As happy planets in their flight. So only let us stand with right, So only let us Walk with truth, So only live with love and light, And feel no fear of woe or. ruth. Calm, happy, strong, and undismayed, Let evil rage, we'll keep our course, And find our every pathway stayed . By loVe's Almighty, heavenly force. Revising History. IT would be a congenial task for certain Roman Cath-olic authorities to revise the history of the Middle Ages, especially as regards certain important occurrences in which "the church" ,was a conspicuous actor. For example, in the Catholic Mirror of October 9, the Rev. Jos. V. O'Connor comes forWard with the statement that "the new spirit of historical research, which seeks ,the simple truth of facts irrespective of theories or con-sequences, has settled certain points in the controversy over the [St.] Bartholomew massacre;" and that "these, succinctly, are: religion had nothing whatever to 'do with the massacre; it was a measure of Machiavellian state policy. - It was not long premeditated, but adopted on the impulse of fear, chiefly of Coligny, and the number of alain cannot be proyed to have exceeded 2,0000 