OCTOBER 29, 1896. 4.k.M1.11-41.1L-stic.A.N sid.1NriPIN 343 Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do? Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me." This cured Peter of the notion that it might be any part of his business to direct other people in religious matters. It taught him that Christian endeavor was simply following in the footsteps of his Lord. Would that all the pro-fessed followers of Christ to-day who are so anxious to make laws to regulate the religious conduct of others, might endeavor more earnestly to conform their own walk to the example and precepts of Christ, instead of endeavoring to make others conform to their ideas. Christian endeavor which is truly such cannot mean coercion. IT is apparent from the success which still attends the efforts of Mormon missionaries at home and abroad, that the abandonment of the doctrine of po-lygimy has in no way lessened the vitality of the Mormon system. Its system is a State church system, and this constitutes Mormonism's worst featureŠa fact which may become more clearly apparent in the light of future events. "TEE Sabbath question is fundamental. It under-lies everything." So we are told, and upon this is built the argument that we must have Sunday laws. The statement is wrong. Not the Sabbath, but faith, underlies everything that is Christian. There may be Sabbath observanceŠoutward and formal, such as can be secured by human lawsŠwithout faith; but "whatsoever is not of faith is sin." And faith cannot be produced by legislation. "POPERY is the religion of human nature." It is human nature to ask, rather than to search; to get things in an easy way, rather than in a way which requires persistent effort; to ask the pastor or the priest what is right and what is true, than to delve the mines of spiritual truth contained in the Script-ure. It is human nature to be impressed by outward show more than by unseen principles of truth. It is human nature to reverence some visible man more than the unseen God. THE New York Observer, of October 15, asserts that "ministers can so live and so preach that their utter-ances, even on the eve of a presidential campaign, may influence votes, and yet not be partisan." This is evidently what a large number of clergymen in some sections of this country have been trying to do for a number of weeks past, without, however, being able in any case to demonstrate its possibility. They have, however, one and all, demonstrated the unfit-ness of political issues as a theme for what purports to be Christian discourse. The clergyman cannot preach polities without becoming partisan; and in so doing he favors a party which Christianity does not recognize, and recognizes a distinction of which Christianity knows nothing. The only parties in the world which Christianity recognizes are, the sinners, and the righteous; and as a preacher of the gospel, no man can rightfully recognize any others. His Glorious Appearing.e\ An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with 'wenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's Tat prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE ROOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, Š .25 With Sentinel, one year, - Š $1.1 0 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 0 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Books FOR THE CHILDREN  WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home :Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages;  and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as "LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $ 1.00 A mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for - --- $1.75 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! This book, which is 8x104- inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. t,  The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price. only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, - - NEW YORK CITY THE CYCLONE STILL WHIRLS. 4D,<Iir4K1.-tiD Be Sure You Don't Miss the Whirl this Fall and Winter, 4D-lb.""6:5,01, For if you do you will nsiss a chance of a lifetime to make fine wages at a time of the year when notning else can be accomplished. It will win you friends, and hold its trade as no other article that is now on the market will do. Ł Give it a trial and your success is certain See what others say: DR. J. H. KiLL000, in Good Health, says: The manufac-turers of the Cyclone Washer, Messrs. Coon Bros., are evi-dently meeting with great success in the manufacture of their very useful invention. Their business has attained such proportions that they have found it necessary to erect a large commodious building for the manufacture of their washers, hundreds of which they are sending out every month to all parts of the United States. That the Cyclone Washer greatly lessens the labor of washing day and may be considered one of the most successful of the numerous devices for accom-plishing this purpose, is attested by hundreds of grateful wives. We have every reason to believe that the machine is all that it is claimed to be by the manufacturers. Agents wanted in every county. Address, COON BROTHERS, 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. Interesting Facts Is the name of a neat little book of 96 pageS,4%x5 inches bound in heavy paper, brim full of " interesting facts," questions and answers on different subjects, religious and political; "A Father's Talk to a Careless Daughter," " How to Bring Up a Son," " How to Bring Down a Son," etc., etc. The last 21 pages are an album containing the portraits of 21 different sovereigns of Europe, and is worth alone the price of the book. Regular price, 25 cents; we will send it post-paid for 20 cents in stamps, Address, PACIFIC PaEss PUB. Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough cat-echism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price, 25 cents. Send for Spring Catalog of Publications. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. YOUNG PEOPLE'S LIBRARY. w SERIES 1. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. By Emma H. Adams. Interesting sketches of Arctic expeditions of England and America in the nineteenth century. It is a book which will fascinate young folks, and add materially to their stock of knowledge. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth,  60c  FIJI AND SAMOA. By Emma H. Adams. A graphic and interesting description of the Fijian and Samoan Islands, their geographical position, their government and religion, their social and physical peculiarities, and the wonderful productions of these Islands. 12 mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60c JACK THE CONQUEROR, Or Overcoming Difficulties, and other stories. These are not light, trashy, im-probable tales, but they present some of the real diffi-culties which nearly all boys and girls are compelled to encounter, and point out the best way to meet them, so as to make the difficulties aids to higher at- tainments. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, 60c SAVONAROLA. By Emma H. Adams. The little vol-ume is a graphic sketch of the most prominent events of this great preacher's life and experience, the mo-nasticism of the fifteenth century, the iniquities that prevailed, the political influence of Savonarola, his trial and death. 12mo, 1.160 pages, illustrated, cloth,, .60c THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS. By Emma H. Adams. This volume is for the Tonga Is-lands what " Fiji and Samoa " is for those groups. But there is no sameness in the two. The islands, people, customs, and products are sufficiently varied to make another volume equal to or exceeding in in-terest the first. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth, —60e LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. By Henry A. Harper. Illustrates many customs and practices, peo-ple, and things, so different from those of our own land. The reading of the book will make more inter-esting the study and reading of the word of God. 12mo, 160 pages, illustrated, cloth .60c Either volume of this series will be sent postpaid on receipt of price. The complete series, six volumes put up in a neat box, will be sent postpaid for $2.95. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. I311-3LES Ł.Ł - I Ł 1-3Ł  1-i;  Ł Ł A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. 