332 .A.M1.1HATEtICA.INT VoL. 10, No. 42. remarked before, it is only part and parcel of the spirit that manifests itself in bigotry and intolerance. In China it slaughters mission-aries; in Armenia it murders Christians; in Austria it excludes Jewish children from the public schools; in the United States it perse-cutes Adventists and tortures criminals; and everywhere it betrays unmistakably the fact that " the devil has come down having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time." A TEMPEST IN A TEAPOT. THE following dispatch from Salt Lake City appeared in some of the daily papers on the 14th inst. :Š President Joseph F. Smith and George Q. Cannon, of the Mormon Church, at a secret meeting of the priesthood on last Monday [October 8], made some sensational remarks of a political character, and all party leaders in Salt Lake City to-day are talking about the attitude of the church towards political can-didates who are Mormons. It is considered evident that the church intends to exercise all its power in politics, although the high priests have disclaimed any interference. The remarks made by President Smith were to the effect that numerous men high in the councils of the church, and particularly Moses Thatcher and B. H. Roberts, candidates on the Democratic ticket for the Senate and Congress, had seen fit to accept nomina-tions for political offices without first taking counsel with the president of the church. The procedure he characterized as contrary to the rules of the church, subversive of good discipline, and might tend to the detriment of the church. George Q. Cannon endorsed Mr. Smith's remarks. The words of the church authorities are taken as a command that those who have gone into politics with-out the advice and consent of the church must retire from that field. This declaration is viewed with great alarm by Gen-tiles, and the progressive young Mormons, who fear a return to the old conditions which prevailed when the Mormon Church authorities ruled with a rod of iron. Strong and bitter anti Statehood talk is being indulged in by those who hitherto have favored Statehood the most strongly. Judge Powers, chairman of the Democratic State Committee, has called a meeting of the Committee for Monday with the avowed purpose of dissolving the Democratic party and forming an anti-Statehood party. Powers is strongly supported by the Gentile Repub-licans and the progressive element of the Mormons, irrespective of party. It is believed that a fight is on with the church, and if the latter does not recede absolutely from its posi-tion, the anti-Statehood movement will be at once inaugurated. In a speech last night, J. L. Rawlins, nominee for the Senate and delegate in Congress, who secured the passage of the Statehood bill, criticised the action of the church authorities and expressed the belief that the people will not countenance such inter-ference. There can be no doubt that the Mormon Church has in the past controlled political matters in Utah. In fact, during the greater part of its history, the government of Utah was a man-made theocracy, ruled absolutely by the high priests of the Mormon Church; because it was impossible for any man to secure or to hold office without approval of the Mor-mon hierarchy. We do not wonder that the politicians of Utah are alarmed at the pros-pects of the perpetuation of this State of af-fairs. Our only wonder is that the people of the whole country are not equally stirred by the equally impertinent meddling on the part of other churches. The Mormons are only doing in Utah what other churches have been doing for several years past in other parts of the country; and this Utah affair seems very like a tempest in a teapot besides the commotion that ought to be witnessed from ocean to ocean and from the Canadian line to the Mexican border. It is the boast of the American Sabbath Union that the church can have anything from Congress that it demands,Šand in short, that  it holds Congress in its hands; and it is a well-known fact that legislation has been se-cured from Congress by threat of political boycott. Members of Congress have stated openly that they were compelled to act as they did in certain things, because if they did not, the churches would get together and knife them at the polls. It is a strange thing that the evils of Priestly domination are so clearly seen in Utah and scarcely discerned at all elsewhere. There is not a State in the Union in which to-day the churches are not exercising a greater influence in politics than the Mormons can hope to do in Utah; but no alarm is felt, no protest is entered, except in the case of this candidate for Statehood. MUNICIPAL " REFORM." ONE of the most significant and deceptive movements of the present century, is the cru-sade in behalf of so-called "municipal reform ;" and strangely enough, this so-called reform is being assigned a place above gospel work, even by ministers of the gospel. At a Christian Endeavor meeting in Brook-lyn, on the 8th inst., Dr. Parkhurst is reported' to have said: " Municipal reform is the high-est enterprise in which Christians can engage." And again: " I have no sympathy with Chris-tians who simply seek a beautiful state in the hereafter. Our duty is in the present, and there can be no higher duty than municipal reform." It is very true that the end of Christianity is not " to secure a beautiful state in the hereafter," and " our duty is in the present;" but how a minister of the gospel can declare that " there is no higher duty than muni-cipal reform, is something not easily ex-plained. The Saviour says: " Seek ye first the king-dom of God and his righteousness." Matt. 6: 33. And James declares that " Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows, in their affliction, and keep himself unspotted from the world." But times have changed, and now we are told that the first duty of Christians is " municipal reform." We are heartily in sympathy with the honest administration of civil government; but we have no sympathy with the idea that muni-cipal reform is gospel work. The period of the Church's greatest moral power was when it was not only not supported by civil law, but it was persecuted by the powers of earth. By turning to the world for support, by mak-ing municipal reform the highest Christian duty, the Church simply confesses her dearth of spiritual power. The Saviour made no at-tempt to reform the municipal government of Jerusalem except by preaching the gospel to both rulers and people. The apostles nowhere engaged in municipal reform; and the modern preachers who are going after this phantom, are preaching another gospel, and not the gospel of Christ. Human nature is the same to-day that it was 1,800 years ago, and it will continue the same until the end of time. There is but one consideration that appeals irresistibly to the masses, and that is self-interest. When mu-nicipal government becomes so corrupt that the rights of the people are trampled upon, and the burden of taxation becomes unneces-sarily great, the people will inaugurate muni-cipal reform by placing the authority in the hands of other officers; but this in nowise changes human nature, it remains the same, and in a few months or years at most, the municipality must be again reformed. It is  impossible for humanity to elevate itself. The only thing that can elevate humanity is the gospel; hence the importance of using that means, not for the purpose of securing muni-cipal reform, but to save men; and in saving them, they will be reformed; and just in pro-portion as the indiduals which compose society are reformed, society itself will be reformed; hence the highest duty, and in fact the duty of the Christian, is to labor, not primarily for municipal reform, but for the salvation of his fellowmen. THE LAW OF JUSTICE. JUSTICE is law; and by it all men, always and under all circumstances, are bound. It is law that is adhered to by God himself. Blackstone, the great commentator, speaks of justice under the term "law of nature," and says:Š This law of nature being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is of course superior in obli-gation to any other. It is binding over all the globe, in all countries, and at all times. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to this; and such of them as are valid derive all their force, and all their au-thority, mediately or immediately, from this original. This is simply the statement of a truth which has, from time immemorial, obtained almost universal recognition in human trans-actions. It is the basis upon which such transactions, where one party has not had power to dictate to the other, have been con-ducted. It is the standard with which all human legislation, actually or ostensibly, seeks to conform. And when human legislation is changed, by the action of those bodies vested with legislative power, it is for the real or apparent purpose of a closer conformity with its dictates. A recognition of these simple facts, in any case where there is a question of the enforce-ment of human law, would save any person from the conclusion that such law must be allowed to prevail simply because it is " the law of the land." The real law of the land is always justice, and nothing is law that is not justice. And human legislation, as Black-stone has said, derives all its force from the fact that it is, actually or supposedly, an ex-pression of the law of justice as applied to the particular cases with which it deals. He who considers himself bound to enforce a "law " simply_ because it has obtained rec-ognition as the law of the land, forgets that he is bound, for that very time and occasion, by this law of justice. He cannot absolve himself from obligation to this law by any plea of duty to a statute of men. By the side of every human statute, and applying to the same thingŠcoincident, of course, with every good statuteŠis a law of justice; and by that law he is bound in the very case under his consideration. If the human statute is at variance with it, he is bound to disregard the former rather than the latter. He must dis-regard one or the other; and he cannot prop-erly or consistently, under the plea of enforc-ing law, set aside the real law in the case,Šthe law of rightŠof which that he would enforce is but a counterfeit. The only question to be considered is, What is justice ? This question once settled, the path of duty is plain. The citizen must conform his life to that law, and the official is bound by it in his enforcement of " law," and not by any "law" at variance therewith. Ł Ł  A SUNDAY-CLOSING law cannot prevent Sunday dissipation, but only Sunday selling. It is not the selling of intoxicants, but the drinking of them, that makes the mischief. 