AMERICAN SENTINEL. 185 national prosperity are necessarily connected with each other. * * * THE Baltimore Sun says of the Sanford bill for mod-ifying the present Sunday law in Baltimore, that "If the question were put to a popular vote the Blue Sunday-ites would be bluer than ever when the vote was counted, for they would be beaten by the most overwhelming majority ever given in this city. * * Am a recent Methodist ministers' meeting held in Baltimore, the following resolutions relating to the effort to modify the Sunday law in the State of Mary-land, which was defeated, and to the later effort to enact a modified Sunday law for Baltimore, were passed and forwarded to the legislature:Š "HoN. WILLIAM DUNCAN, Chairman City Delegation, House of Delegates, Annapolis, Md. "The Baltimore Methodist Episcopal Preachers' Meeting, in regular session this morning, adopted the following resolutions: "Resolved, That we, the members of the Baltimore Methodist Episcopal Preachers' Meeting, representing more than eighty churches in this city, do hereby ex-press our hearty gratitude to that large majority of members of the House of Delegates of the State of Maryland for their prompt defeat of the Sanford Sunday bill, that would have secularized the Sabbath and de-moralized the people by legalizing the opening of some three thousand retail stores in this city upon God's holy day, and further that our representatives in this noble defense of the American Sabbath have been true to the best traditions and the highest interests of our beloved Commonwealth. "Resolved, That we protest against further effort upon the part of Mr. Sanford and his allies to fasten upon Baltimore City his proposed demoralizing laws after they have been repudiated by the State and city." * * * Perhaps the Methodist clergy here represented have never heard that in California no Sunday law exists to protect the alleged sanctity of Sunday and the morals of the people; and yet Sunday is quite as generally ob-served in California as in Maryland, nor are the people more demoralized in the one State than in the other. Store-keepers as a general rule prefer to close on Sunday and if the Maryland Sunday law were entirely repealed the store-keepers' of Baltimore would, we doubt not, still close on Sunday as usual. The causes which de-termine in such a matter reach back of all Sunday laws, and cannot be eradicated or materially affected by them. The morality or immorality of a city depends upon the operation of influences which lie altogether beyond the reach of any Sunday law that can be enacted. * ATTENTION is called by The Outlook to a decline  that is manifest in two of the leading churches in this country, the Presbyterian Church and the Methodist Church. "Some time since," says The Outlook, "we pointed out the fact that the great Presbyterian com-munion was showing a decline in membership and in financial sustenance. Even greater astonishment comes in the discovery that the Methodist Church is now losing in numbers. Bishops Fowler, Ninde, and Joyce have issued an address to the church calling for a week of prayer, during which daily services are to be held in all Methodist churches throughout America. The address states that statistics for the last year show a decrease in the number of members in the church, and urges every Methodist to take himself to prayer, and to `call mightily on God for help.'" * * The Outlook offers the suggestion "that the decline in numbers in both the Presbyterian and Methodist communions is not altogether due to lack of prayer, but also and even more to a lack of 'works.' The churches have maintained themselves too much in touch with the classes, and too aloof from the masses. This fact has long been recognized by some intelligent church workers." * * The first duty of the Christian Church, however, is to maintain itself in touch with its divine Head, Jesus Christ. If the church does this, she must always pros-per; but there is such a thing as the church's severing herself from her Head in order to get in closer touch with the masses. The church of the fourth and fifth centuries did this, and was obliged to substitute a visi-ble human head, which is all the head she has had ever since. * * * The true Christian Church, of course, is always the body of Christ; and her prosperity depends not upon numbers or wealth, but upon the spiritual nourishment and vigor constantly imparted from her divine Head. And as Jesus Christ was always in close touch with the masses, the "common people," so the chiirch which is one with him will be in close touch with the people of all classes and conditions, and will not find it necessary to lower the standard of truth and righteousness to attain success. * CLERGYMEN of Indianapolis have undertaken to secure the abolition of the army canteen by a novel plan, which it is hoped will prove successful. The plan is "that a day shall be set apart in which all Christian people shall close their houses of business and factories, and that services in all the churches shall be held, in which prayer shall be offered that the President may be directed divinely to abolish the system. It is a part of 