THE AMERICAN SENTINEL 283 of the guarantee of religious freedom the Court said It means that a man's right to his own religious convictions, and to impart them to his own chil-dren, and his and their right to engage, in con-formity thereto, in harmless acts of worship toward the Almighty, are as sacred in the eye of the law as his rights of person or property, and that al-though in the minority, he shall be protected in the full and unrestricted enjoyment thereof. The " protection " guaranteed by the section in question aneans protection to the minority. The majority can protect itself. Constitutions are enacted for the very purpose of protecting the weak against the strong; the few against the many. The celebrated United States Senate re-port emphasizes the same idea in the fol-lowing words :Š It is not the legitimate province of the Legisla-ture to determine what religion is true, or what false. Our Government is a civil, and not a relig-ious, institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely without molestation. What-ever may be the religious sentiments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to pro-tection from the Government, so long as they do not invade the rights of others. If these American principles are re-garded there will be no occasion to allude to the fact that Sabbatarians are only " seventh-tenths of one per cent " in this country; for even if it be so they must be treated as well, and protected as thor-oughly by the Government, as though they numbered sixty millions. W. A. BLAKELY. The States and Religious Liberty. To those people who have always believed that there could be no union between Church and State anywhere in this coun-try, a recent decision of Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court of Ten-nessee, comes as a startling surprise. A resident of that commonwealth had been convicted of violating a State law by working on Sunday. The matter was carried before the Federal court, where an attempt was made to establish that the law was unconstitutional. Judge Ham-mond, however, declared that the various States have the right to make whatever laws they please on the subject of religion. They may make Sunday laws of the strict-est character; not only this, but they may "establish a creed and a church." Such legislation is forbidden to the na-tional Government under the Constitution, but there is no such prohibition on any State, unless the people of that State have laid it themselves. In any case, however, the United States would have no right to interfere with such laws. Judge Ham-mond contends that since the national Government is expressly prohibited from dealing with religious matters, while noth-ing in the Constitution limits the powers of the States in this particular, the legal in-ference is that such powers are reserved to the States. If this view shall be sustained by the United States Supreme Court, it will rest  with the people of the States separately to say whether or not they will be true to the spirit in which this Nation was founded, and which has prevailed through-out its life. The fullest liberty has been enjoyed in religious matters, with perhaps some exceptions such as that which has given occasion for Judge Hammond's de-cision. It would be absolutely certain that no change would follow anywhere if Americans were to remain as they now are and as they have been from the first. If, however, the plans for religious col-onization and race isolation such as were recently formulated in the Cahensly pro-gramme were to be carried out, it might be readily believed that one or more States of the Union would be provided in time with "a creed and a church."ŠAmerica. What Is a Christian Citizen? " So you want to get religion ?" " I do." " What do you want to beŠBaptist, Methodist, Congre-gationalist, Presbyterian, or what ? " " To tell the truth I hadn't thought of any of them ; I want to be a Christian."ŠNew York Press. APART from the intended humor of this little squib, and the possible indication of a commendable sincerity in its last clause, there is much that ought to be very sug-gestive to National Reformers and their sympathizers. It is fairly probable that a large proportion of these unwisely zealous people " hadn't thought " of their individ-ual relations to a national Christianity (?) in exactly this light. It ought to be worth while to give the subject a careful consid-eration. These people emphatically assert that this is a " Christian Nation ; " and there-fore' they are working indefatigably to make it a Christian Nation, by having its Christian character recognized in the na-tional Constitution and laws. Notwith-standing these inconsistencies, they, are discerning enough to know that the real-ization of their plans demands that some " practical " influence be brought to bear upon the individual citizen. But instead of employing the only influence which the Author of Christianity ever authorized to be used for man's reformationŠteaching and persuasion, their programme is to leg-islate men into this " Christian Nation." The most obvious way of carrying out this idea is to compel the individual to conform to an outward appearance of wor-ship in harmony with orthodox Christian teaching. An appropriate time must be set apart for this, and so there must be laws regulating his observance of the " Christian Sabbath "Šthough to disarm a certain prejudice which Americans have for non-interference in religious matters, it is better to pass such laws ostensibly to " protect the American Sabbath," or the " civil Sabbath." It is true that some will see an apparent incongruity in the first expression, but the latter term is particularly available because it mixes the religious and secular in such inextri- cable confusion that it is sure to deceive those who are to be the elect citizens of this Christian Nation. With these paternal provisions made for the religious welfare of the individual, the attention of these would-be reform-ers is naturally directed to a considera-tion of the influence which this Christian Nation should exert upon nations. We are soon to have a great World's Fair. It ought to be the occasion of exhibiting to the assembled hosts that we are a Simon Pure Christian NationŠbecause we are, you know. So the gates of this great Ex-position must be closed through all the hours of the Christian Sabbath, in order that all peoples, kindreds, tribes, and nations may know that in Chicago the " American Sunday " is not the " Con-tinental Sunday." Incidentally, too, this will greatly strengthen the faith of some of our own countrymen who are not yet quite sure they are full Christian citizens Šthough of course this is doubtless a " Christian Nation." But we stop to wonder whether these zealous reformers have ever thought of these things this way. We wonder if they have ever thought what kind of a creed they will all individually subscribe to when their plans are worked out. Who will prescribe it ? What will be the final authority in its preparation and interpre-tation ? What the penalty for heresy ? Whither shall the spirit of Liberty have flown ? Is n't it worth while to stop and ponder seriously and long the thought suggested in this fact : If a man honestly before God feels to say, " I want to be a Christian," may he not do it by divine help without any assistance or dictation from civil Government ? If he does not want to be a Christian, can Government do anything more than to make him a hypocrite ? FRANK WILLIAM HOWE. Lakeside and "National Reform." THE fifteenth annual encampment, which recently closed at Lakeside, Ohio, like all similar gatherings held this year, was infected with the growing State re-ligion theory of the National Reform As-sociation. Besides a day set apart for the presentation of the views of the Associa-tion, Professor Coleman of Pennsylvania, Professor of Political Ethics in the Na-tional Reform Association College of that State; delivered daily lectures on the re-lation of God to civil government. Professor Coleman is in general, a fair minded gentleman, and it is the proph-ecy of the writer that, he will be among the first to desert the cause he so earn-estly advocates, when he sees its prac-tical working, unless his character be-comes radically changed. He has too much of the spirit of the Golden Rule, at present, to execute his persecuting theory. The Professor allowed his hearers to 