170 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE papal church in Brazil has made an open demand for the overthrow of the existing institutions and laws in that country favoring civil and religious liberty, and a return to the system of complete church-and-State union. A dispatch from Rio Janeiro, dated March 5, says:Š "The Brazilian bishops have issued a collective pastoral to the clergy and laity, demanding the union Of church and state and the suppression of liberty of conseience, civil marriages and secular cemeteries. "The pastoral also proposes a ,programme to com-bat the existing state of affairs." This is the program of the papacy for Brazil; and the only reason this is not its program for the United States, is that it knows such an attempt would be hope-less here. The papacy's wishes and purposes are every-where the, same; but its methods vary according to circumstances. More About Knoxville's Sunday Laws. THE following is taken from the Evening Sentinel, published in Knoxville, Tenn., March "ME SOLD CANDY. "G. W. CARDEN VIOLATED SUNDAY ORDINANCE. "G. W. Carden, a merchant doing business at 122 'Georgia Street, was arrested Sunday by Patrolman Finley, for selling confectioneries, thereby violating the Sunday ordinance. "This was the only arrest made during the day. Taking into consideration the short time the present department has been in office, and the opposition shown by some dealers against the ordinance, the police de-partment is to be complimented on its efficiency in en-forcing the law. "Cardon will be tried this afternoon. "At first there were some protests against it, but citizens are already accustomingthemselves to it. Com-paratively few protests were heard this second Sunday of enforcement. "Those who were determined to get a smoke found it. Throughout the day Sunday, John Smith, who runs a fruit and cigar.  stand at the south end of the Tennes-see River bridge, in connection with his restaurant, just smiled and sold another cigar. John is a genial fellow who attends strictly to his own business. Early Sun- day morning he noticed the demand for his, perfectos Was Unusually large, but he tholiiht nothing about it -until in the afternoon when a purchaser told-him it was impossible to buy a cigar in the city. John did a good business and a resident of the City who desired a Smoke, had but to walk across the bridge." The stores are closed tight on Sunday. Only)drugs can be sold. A Sunday newspaper, The Tribune & Jour-nal, is published and sold. Freight trains are switched in the yards and are run through the city. Passenger trains are run, and electric railway service is the same on Sunday as other week days. Why should a discrimi-, nation be made against candy and fruits, and in favor of steam and surface railways? CYRUS SIMMONS. Knoxville, Tenn. Sunday Closing in Reading, Pa. SINCE Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts visited the city of Read-ing about three weeks ago, many things are being agitated; foremost, Sunday closing and Curfew ordi-nance. _The Ministerial Association, W. C. T. U., Y. M. C. A., and the Barbers'Union, have "joined hands" and closed all barber shops except a few, and if they will not come to terms they must take the consequences. The Barbers' Union have reduced the rates in favor of such as are not yet in the Union, and so if they will join and co-operate in the Sunday closing, many un-pleasant things may be avoided. The druggists are talking Sunday closing too; some wax quite hot in advocating the scheme as being a pan- acea for many ills. GEO. F. B. UNGER. Calcium, Pa. Sunday Legislation in Iowa. RECENTLY a bill was introduced in the Iowa legisla-ture to strike out,  from the phraseology of the Iowa Sunday law the words "except that of necessity or char-ity," which define the exception to the work prohibited by the law; thus making all labor on that day subject to prohibition. FrOm the wording of the law, which we quote below, it will be observed that atheists, who do not "conscientiously observe the seventh day," or any other day as the Sabbath, have no exemption from its penalties, save such as can be secured under the plea of "work of necessity or charity." In now seeking to re-move this slight ground of defense against the law, the clerical element which are behind this bill leave us to infer that in their view there can be no such thing as a "work of necessity or charity" where people of a class obnoxious to themselves are concerned, but that all 