repent and be baptized. It is an absurd and a pernicious idea that a body politic can in its corporate capacity make its peace with God for all the people of all the country. POLITICAL RELIGION. [The Christian Leader, Cincinnati, Feb. 85.] THERE are men who will serve a " cause " as long as the cause serves them, and these men pretend much conscientiousness in serv-ing the " cause," if there be promise of ad-vancement and emoluments; but if thwarted in their ambition to climb above their fellow-men, and if the scaffolding upon which they stand gives way, these men will at once desert the cause, and, with an evaporated conscience, seek a new cause. These men who hold them-selves ready to sell soul and conscience to the highest bidder are the bane of both Church and State. A LITERARY WONDER. THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND Complete Vest-Pocket library. 45,800 Words. Absolutely Full Punctuation. In quantity it is greater than any other abridged dictionary by several thousand words. More than thisŠthe same covers contain Four Other Com- . plete ,Books.  A GAZETEERŠPARLIAMENTARY MANUALŠEXPERT CALCULATORŠLITERARY GUIDE. Condensation, without omission is a notable feature of this book. It abounds in novel time-saving and space-saving devices; but the greatest of all achievements in modern dictionary-making is the addition to the dictionary of 25,300 words by means of a single page, called theŠ "COLUMBIAN WORD BUILDER." Bound in Morocco leather, with gold edge. REGULAR PRICE, Ł . .50 WITH SENTINEL, one year, . . $1.25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. "SUCCESS " NASAL SYRINGE. By the use of this syringe the med-icine is applied without danger or irritation, DIRECTLY TO THE DISEASE. Every little cavity, nook, and corner can be reached and all foul matter washed away and the DISEASE. SPEEDILY CUBED. The tube being soft anti pliable. there can be no danger as from hard instru-ments. Physicians readily see its advantages and rec-ommend it at once. Any aqueous solution for the treatment of Nasal Cat-arrh, such as diluted hydro-' zone, glycerine, salt and water, etc., can be used in the "Success" Nasal Syr-inge. SENT, POSTPAID, ON RECEIPT OF $1.00. Address, A. MALLETT, 435 7th Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Sparta, Wis., March 2, 1896. Come Rims., Battle Creek. Mich., I bought a " Cyclone" Washer of one of the firm at Milton Junction, Wis., and we like it very much. I will send you $48.00 for 1 dozen machines. Please let us hear from you at once. Yours truly, ELD. I. A. SANBORN. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich THE STORY OF PITCAIRN I$I4A.ND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited tel reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most, if not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or incorrect and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history / as been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain, unvar-nished tale of Pitcairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a continual peru-sal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, $1.00 With Sentinel, - 1.50 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND Sr., NEW YORK, Address. APRIL 16, 1896. A.IVIIIH.1]EtlI CAIN' SIb...1Wri.NladI4 127 is not very complimentary to Congress or to the people. Let the people govern themselves; and let " reform " bureaus and ''Christian" lobbyists meet with no favor within the halls of the Capitol. Ł-Ł-Ł  GOD IN THE CONSTITUTION. [Commercial Appeal, Memphis, March 18.] EVER and anon some doubtless well-meaning people rediscover the fact that there is no recognition of God in the Constitution of the United States, and are reshocked by their dis-covery. They- are surprised that the wrath of Heaven has not long since descended in the form of fire and brimstone to consume a na-tion that forgets God so utterly as to omit his name from its law. They therefore make haste to agitate for an amendment of the Constitution in order that the Almighty may be acknowledged in plain black and white. This effort to legislate the Almighty into supremacy over the hearts and minds of the people is a survival of a system that has long since perished. As a means of promoting piety it has been long since abandoned. There are many God-fearing, Christian peo-ple who oppose the project, but no matter what may be the motive of the objectors, no good could possible come from forcing an ac-knowledgment of God and of Jesus Christ upon them. The particular amendment pro-posed by Mr. Morse would practically make a religious test for members of Congress and for all civil or military officers who are re-quired to take an oath to support the Consti-tution. The test would bar not only atheists and agnostics, but Jews and Unitarians, all who do not subscribe to the divine authority of both the Old and the New Testament, and all who do not recognize the divinity of ChristŠthat is, unless they should take the oath to support the Constitution, as the abolitionists used to do, " with a mental res-ervation." As a matter of fact, such a recognition as that proposed by Mr. Morse would not change the religious character of Congress in the least, nor make the slightest change in the spirit of its laws. It would simply be an empty mockery, a hollow form of words, and not in the least calculated to glorify the Almighty or to establish his dominion over the hearts of men. This is a nation of God-believers, a Christian nation. But it is so as a matter of fact and not as a matter of law. It is so because such is the faith of the people and because our civilization, our ideas of justice, our standards of right and wrong, are all tempered by the pervasive influence of Christianity on the minds and lives of men. The acknowledgment of God and of Christ is a matter that belongs to the conscience of the individual, and in no other way can it be made. The State cannot vicariously perform this duty for all the people. If Mr. Morse should succeed in engrafting upon the Con-stitution a declaration that " we, the people of the United States," acknowledge Almighty God and the Lord Jesus Christ, etc., for whom would this declaration speak ? Can a State peform a Christian duty and receive a Christian's reward, independently of the ac-tion of its individual citizens ? Would God punish a State for neglecting a supposed Christian duty if the people of the State were devout believers and faithful followers of his word ? God has imposed his law upon the individ-ual mind and conscience. It is the individual and not the State that must acknowledge Him; it is the individual that must believe, The Graphic Atlas --AND - Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. By J C BARTHOLOMEW, F.R.0 S , F R.S E- Quarto (size, 10% x 8% inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, Ł $7.50 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, $3./'5 Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. In the United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially compiled from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways. Among the special features are Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemit i Valley, United States Rail-ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans. Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc , etc. The GAZETTEER of the WORLD is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 53,000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names. The results of the New Census have been incorporated. For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among Atlases, ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 