THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 171 absolute freedom. But while prohibitory laws are purely civil, and the enacting of them not only the right but the 'duty of the State, Stinday laws are of an entirely different character. Sunday is a religious institution; its friends call it the Christian Sarbath, and most of them insist that it ought to be kept in obedience to the fourth commandment. It is therefore no more the right of the State to enforce its observance than it would be to enforce baptism or the Lord's Supper. Laws forbidding the sale of intoxicating liquors to be used as beverages, violate 'no man's conscience. Nobody sells whiskey as a religious duty. The whole traffic is demoralizing and fraught with danger to life and property, and liquor dealers them-selve8 know and acknowledge that this is so. But a failure to religiouSly keep Sun-. day endangers 'neither life nor property; it makes' neither criminal's nor paupers. Many good citizens and earnest Christians do not regard Sunday, beca4e they do not believe that there is any divine law re-quiring its observance, and they exercise their God-given right to labor upon' that day;..but in so doing they do not prey upon' others, they do not injure anybody in any way, nor do they burden the State. In short, there is no similarity whatever between Sunday work or business, and the liquor traffic : and there is and can be no 'more similarity between Sunday laws and prohibitory laws. The reasons for Sunday laws' 'are wholly religious; while the only proper reasons for prohibition are wholly civil and political. C. P. BOLLIKAN. Education Does Not Give Character. IN the arguments on the subject of "Education and the State," which are now so widely made, it is.often stated that igno-rance is the mother of crime, and that therefore it is for the interest of the State that its citizens should be intelligent if it would have good citizens, as intelligence is the mother of virtue. This is not true. It would be hard to prove that ignorance is any more the mother of crime than is intelligence. The ignorant are not the only ones who commit crime. Go to any penitentiary, and, although we have not actually tested the matter, we feel per-fectly safe in, saying that of the inmates, it will be found that those who can read and write are not the minority. Ninety-four per cent of the criminals of New York State can read. ThOusands upon thou-sands of boys to-day, are reading stuff that tends infinitely more to make them crimi-nals than the inability to read could pos-sibly do. It is a fact that from 'one of the WeStern penitentiaries a regular news-, paper is issued. All the type setting, editorial work and everything in con-nection with it, is done ley the regnlar convicts of the penitentiary. With hun-dreds, yea, thousands of people in the penitentiaries, the trouble with them was  not that they could not write, but that they wrote too Dalton, and too well, espe-cially other people's 'names. The bank wreckers, the embezzlers, and the forgers, are not persons who are ignorant, they are people of excellent education. This is not in any sense an argument in favor of ignorance and against education. It simply illustrates the fact that educa-tion does not give character, while it is, in fact, only character that counts. A man may have an excellent character and be either ignorant Or educated, but if he is not honest he will steal, whether he be ignorant or educated.. In fact, if he be not honest, the prebabilities are that education will make him the greater thief, as in the case of the forgers, the bank wreckers and the embezilers. Let the people be educated most com-pletely everywhere, but let character be built up in them at the same time. What Is Truth? THE best definition have ever heard is as follows: "Truth is that which, in the face of all possible opposition, can be shown to be in conformity with fact and sound reason." It follows from the -very definition that truth' is never afraid of error or falsehdod. It always meets them squarely and openly, never asking any unfair advantage, never afraid of compe-tition, and therefore never found asking for a monopoly. Tried by this 'standard, the true nature of the Sunday-law movement will at once appear. The champions of this movement were personally invited to be present at the Washington Citizens' Meeting, and were assured a fair opportnnity of being heard, and of maintaining the truth and right of their positions. Not one of them was there, though some of them, at least, were in the city. They preferred to Wait till their own convention, where no.  one who differed from them was allowed the slight-est Chance to say a word. They argue everywhere that it is only a civil Sunday law they want. The lead-ing speaker of the Anderican Sabbath Union argued this for an hour in my own hearing, declaring vehemently that we misrepresented the Union entirely, when we said they were seeking religious leg-islation; and asserting that they only wanted civil Sunday laws in the interests of the "poor over-worked laboring man." After his speech he' passed out a docu-ment to all in the audience who would accept it. It contains the following ex-tract from the constitution of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, which states its true basis and object. Article I. Nanic : The American Sabbath Union. Article IL Basis : The basis of this Union is the Di,Vine authority, and universal and perpetual obli-gation of the Sabbath. Article III. Object: The object of this Union; is to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship. So it seems that if they are only asking for civil Sunday laws, they are asking for them for a religious purpose; namely, to preserve the day as a day of rest and wor-ship. A law that is desired and obtained for a religious purpose, is a religious and not a civil law. Why not call it so ? Ah ! it would de-feat their purpose. Any work that is compelled to resort to such deception is not the work of God. They bring forth their Sunday-law Bill for the District of Columbia, and ask us to look at its title, and see how innocent it is. " A bill to prevent people from being forced to labor on Sunday." How innocent ! How evidently in the interests of liberty ! But, stop! When you read the bill itself, it is a bill to compel people to stop laboring on Sunday, whether they want to or not. Why did they not name it, A bill to force people to stop laboring on Sunday? Oh ! this would have been a true title, but truth would here, as ev-erywhere else, defeat their object. Again, I heard the leader of this whole movement say in the Convention held on December last, in New York City, that they were going, to introduce this local bill, and concentrate all their effort upon it. Why ? Was it because the people of Washington and the District of Columbia were such terrible Sabbath breakers ? No, for he admitted that they kept the Sabbath here as well as anywhere in the Nation. He said, " If we can get the United States to pass a Sunday law for the Dis-trict of Columbia this year, Congress will then have declared Sunday laws constitu-tional, and will have no excuse for not giving us a Sunday law for the Nation next year." Why was not this argument used in Washington instead of the foolish plea that although the people have been very good Sabbath-keepers in the past, they have but just discovered that they have no Sunday laws, and so must have one right away, or they will engage in revolution,Šwork-ing on Sunday ? Again I say, it would be the truth, and truth wherever, or whenever it is told means the destruction of all their plans. Out in a city in California, they wanted a Sunday law, but they did not know what to name it. Shakspeare said, "What's in a name ? " But he had not learned the philosophy of the Sunday-law advocates, if he had he would have said, "There's millions in it," or rather, every thing in it. Some of them in California were hon-est enough to want to call it a " religious Sunday law," others said that would never do, call it a " civil Sunday law ;" still others said, "say it is only ' a police regu-lation." They finally decid9d to call it a " sanitary regulation." It seems to be really as difficult a matter to name a Sun-day law, as for a young father and mother to name their first baby. 