340 TI 4E AMM;ZICAN stNTIN1L. portant particulars from the prevailing faith. " The opinion of Roger Williams, which was then urged in proof of his un-suitableness to become a minister of the gospel, has long since become the com-mon sentiment of the American people." ŠWilliam, Gammen, in Sparks's Library of American Biographg. Four years later (summoned to appear before the General Court May 10, 1635) in the charges which were the groundwork of his final trial and banishment, the charge of 1631 was repeated, and given first place in order, being thus recorded by Governor Winthrop :Š It was laid to his [Williams's] charge that, being under question before the magistracy and churches for divers dangerous opinions, viz.: (1) That the magistrate ought not to punish the breach of the first table, otherwise than in such cases as did disturb the civil peace. . . . Much debate was about these things. The said opinions were adjudged by all, magistrates and ministers (who were desired to be present), to be erroneous and very dangerous, and the calling of him to office at that time [while under general condemnation for these alleged errors] was adjudged a great con-tempt for authority. "ŠWinthrop, vol. .1, page 162. Williams thus exhibited his persistence, and showed how deep-rooted were his " sublime principles," as Bancroft desig-nates them. It was fortunate for the anti-Sunday-law causeŠthe cause of libertyŠthat it had such a man as Roger Williams to lead out in the agitation for religious freedom. He was a noble man; a min-ister "lovely in his carriage," "godly and zealous, having precious gifts "Šex-pressions of Winslow and Winthrop; gentle, temperate, and forbearing; be-loved by allŠeven by those with whom he was in constant antagonism, who could but admire his patience and magnanimity; he was logical and scholarly; an intense lover of liberty; a student of law, tutored by Coke, that " strenuous asserter of lib-erty on the principles of ancient laws;"Šon the whole, being a man wonderfully qualified for the work before him. Although written in no especially friendly spirit, Mr. Ellis in the " Puritan Age," thus describes the character of Williams:Š Alike for the noble qualities and for the petty infirmities singularly blended with them, he is to us an admirable and a picturesquely engaging person. He was wholly free of guile, open, sin-cere, and of a most generous disposition, with traits of a childlike simplicity and tenderness. The resolute front which he presented to those who opposed him in his opinions or his actions bad in it nothing of ugliness or perversity. He was forbearing and magnanimous. . . . Though all the powers of State and Church were engaged against him in Massachusetts, with many fretting altercations and the final inflictionŠyet not with-out forbearance on the part of the authoritiesŠWilliams never had there a single personal enemy." ŠEllis's Puritan Age and Rule in the Colony of Massachusetts Bay. Page 268. The intensity of Williams's feelings, the clearness of his views, the boldness of Ms actions, and the logiealuees of Ms  theories are thus set forth by Scott, in the " Development of Constitutional Lib-erty in the English Colonies of America ": Roger Williams's whole being was possessed by the one great principle that the soul should be free, and he was wont to express his heart's aspir-ation by the term "soul-liberty." He boldly threw down the gauntlet to the world, by announcing that soul-liberty was of God, that conscience was by nature free, and that it was the duty of human society bo preserve intact that freedom, whereof the least violation was invariably but the first step to soul bondage. The conscience, the soul of man, being free, no limits bounded that freedom but those set by the Creator. Of a consequence, any limitation imposed on the conscience of one man by another, was an interference between the Cre-ator and the created; it was intolerance, a thing altogether abhorred by God and unjust to man. Religion being a relation that existed solely be-tween the Creator and the created, God was the only judge of the latter. No religious organiza-tion, then, had a shadow of right to dictate what one should think or what one should do in matters religious. As a necessary deduction from this conclusion, no such right existing, there was no need of agents to enforce the observance of faith, nor any right to use them. Consequently, the use of the civil jurisdiction by the ecclesiastical, and the subordination of the former to the latter, had no justification, and was, in fact, a monstrous per- version of truth, which called for immediate refor- mation. Thus at one blow, Williams would have cloven Church and State asunder, and sponged from the statute-roll the very mention of conformity or non-conformity. Heresy, with him, had no existence, and, carrying his doctrine to its conclusion, he fearlessly asserted that compulsory worship of God was an abomination ; that, where the spirit was not a willing one, worship compelled was an offense to the Deity; that if one would not wor-ship, he should not be made to do so, that no man should be compelled to support any religion what-ever, least of all one in which he had no faith. This doctrine overturned the intolerance whereby the civil power is made the agent of the ecclesi- astical in the prescription of faith and the ex- tirpation of heresy, and left error at the mercy of the only power that can combat itŠtruth. It was the sentence of divorce between Church and State, and it ordained that neither should have anything to do with the other, further than extending the protection under which the latter is bound to shelter every element of society; yet this protec tion was to be given, not so much to the institution, as to the worshipers, in whom lay the natural right to freedom of conscience, and, consequently, the inherent right to freedom of worship. No man ever had a clearer view of the true re-lations existing between the civil and the ecclesi- astical powers. The civil magistrate, he says, may not intermeddle even to stop a church from apos-tasy and heresy, The following from Bancroft shows how advanced he was in his views, and the light in which a man who stands up for principle, even though in opposition to all the ministers of the land, will be regarded by posterity, who can look with an unprejudiced eye and view actions in their realŠnot in their apparentŠaspects : At a time when Germany was the battle field for all Europe in the implacable wars of religion; when even Holland was bleeding with the anger of vengeful factions; when France was still to go through the fearful struggle with bigotry; when England was gasping under the despotism of in-tolerance; almost half a century before William Penn became an American proprietary; and two years before Descartes founded philosophy on the.  Metb9c1 of free reflectionŠRoger Williams as- The Sunday Sham. NOT content with the privilege they en-joy of attending church on Sunday, rep-resentatives of the American Sabbath Union have appeared before the World's Fair Commissioners with vehement ap-peals for Sunday closing of the Fair. Since there is no agitation going on favor-ing the compulsory attendance of anybody at the World's Fair on a Sunday, or on a Monday, or on any other day, why their solicitude ? Can they not feel easy-minded if some one else is following his own con-science in the matter, whether religious or otherwise ? The very men who profess a pathetic interest in the hard work some men may have to do at the Fair on a Sun-day have no tears to shed over their equally exhausting labors on a Saturday or on a Monday. Indeed, shorn of the sham of pretense, it looks as if their motives could be summed up as a writer in the Open Court expresses it, that " as we, the mem-bers of the Sabbath Union do not care to go, therefore we demand that nobody else shall go."ŠWestern Herald. A Prototype. THERE seems to be almost an exact agreement between the theocratical laws of colonial Massachusetts, and the de-mands of National Reformers. To prove such a statement correct, a few historical extracts will be sufficient when coupled with the demands of the "reform-ers." Ridpath says :Š" At a session of the General Court of the Colony held in 1631, a law was passed restricting the right of suffrage. It was enacted that none but members of the church should be per-mitted to vote at the colonial elections. . . Nearly three-fourths of the peo-ple were excluded from their rights as freemen." National Reformers admit if their idea of government is carried out it will dis-franchise dissenters. Rev. W. J. Cole-man says : Š " The classes who would object to the amendment are,ŠJews, infi-dels, atheists, et al. These classes are per-fectly satisfied with the Constitution as it is. How would they stand toward it if it recognized the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ ? . . . To be perfectly plain, lr believe that the existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." The "et al",[and others] can but mean all dissenters aside from the three classes, serted the great doctrine of intellectual liberty. It became his glory to found a State upon that prin-ciple, and to stamp himself upon its rising insti-tutions, in characters so deep that the impress has remained to the present day, and, can never be evaded without the total destruction of the work. Would that we had in our land to-day more ministers like Roger Williams. W. A. BLAKELY. 