6 TI=11 AMERICAN' SENTINEL once their scheme is carried into effect the mask will be torn aside and religious des-potism, with all its retinue of evil and superstition, will be made to appear. That the men who are pushing this so-called reform do not realize what would be its outcome we most sincerely believe; but a little study of the philosophy of their movement in the light of history ought' to convince the most skeptical what could be its only result. And would it not be well for the leaders in this Sunday-law agitation to stop to consider the advisability of re-turning to the old gospel methods, pure and simple, of persuading men to come to Christ, and devote all their energies to that ? And let them first begin their work by laboring for the conversion of the min-isters and church members whose spiritual condition they so sadly deplore, and then re-enforced by an awakened ministry and a revived church carry the work into new territory and win those to the Master who know him not. This, and this alone, is the work of the minister and the church, and it will have a better influence on the State and make its politics purer than for them to attempt to secure legislation tend-ing toward a supposed advancement of the kingdom of Christ. A. 0. TAIT. Importance of Right Motives. THE Christian Statesman of December 12, quotes a report of the action of Judge Ridley, of Tennessee, who is said to have declared church raffles illegal, and to have charged a grand jury "to indict all persons buying and selling tickets, and also those who in any way contributed to the man-agement of the raffles." After stating that the judge ordered the enforcement of the law on the ladies of St. Joseph Church of Nashville, the report says :Š " We rejoice at this step. When the professed church of Jesus Christ permits gambling, lottery, raffle, cheating, or swindlingŠdisguised or openŠin any shape, we trust that the strong arm of the civil law will fall upon her at once, for it is a shame and disgrace to the Christian name." The action of the judge was right, because gambling is essentially uncivil. It is a form of robbery. But the report says, " We rejoice at this step"Šwhy ?Š" for it is a shame and disgrace to the Christian name." There is danger lurking in that clause. It shows that the writer and those who indorse him rejoice at the enforcement of civil law,Šnot because it protects the civil rights of citizens, but because they think it will help Christianity by keeping Christians from disgracing the " Christian name." Whenever the church is about to disgrace the Christian name, then these people "trust that the strong arm of the Ł civil law will fall upon her at once." Since it is the duty of the church to not disgrace the Christian name, and since the mem-bers are subject to discipline when they do it, therefore the Christian Statesman and  its adherents want the civil authorities to see to it that the church does her duty, and to enforce her discipline by "the strong arm of the civil law" when neces-sary to accomplish this end. And what is this but church and State. It is not enough that the action be right; it must proceed from correct motives; and every time a law is enforced (no matter how good the law) from religious motives, the false principle is established in the mind that it is right to compel people by law to be religious. [The principle stated by the writer is correct, and his criticism just as to the Christian Statesman, but it is only justice to say that there is in the facts stated nothing to show that the motive of the judge was not a purely civil and proper one.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL.] Once established, this principle lays a foundation for the enforcement by the State of everything pertaining to a church creed. To illustrate : If you compel a man to stop drinking because you think it will ruin his soul, you adopt the principle that it is right to prohibit by law anything which in your judgment would be an injury to men's souls. This is the princi-ple of the papacy precisely, and is the open door to all the despotism of the Dark Ages. And there is no principle growing faster in America to-day. Everywhere you will hear it said, that this law and that law, and another ought to be enforcedŠwhy? In order that people might be more civil ? No, you will seldom hear that ; but they will tell you they want laws enforced to keep men from going to perdition, to com-pel them to show respect for God and Christianity, to stem the tide of immor-ality and irreligion, that is hurrying men to hell. And these deluded people do not realize that, by failing to comprehend the fact that government has nothing to do with saving souls, or with keeping people from perdition, they are establishing a principle which has caused the ruin of more people than almost anything else in the world. It is time for Americans to open their eyes and study well the principles upon which their actions are based. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. THE American Standard remarks that "a good deal is said about hard times in Iowa, yet the State has just paid the last dollar of her debt, and taxes are to be re-duced one-third. If prohibition has accom-plished this, it's a big feather in the cap of prohibition." Whether prohibition in Iowa has reduced taxation or not, it has done one good thing : it has demonstrated, not only there but in Kansas and the Dakotas, that all hope of prohibition is not bound up in the so-called Prohibition party. It has been demonstrated in those States that when public sentiment is educated up to that point the people will adopt prohibition regardless of parties, Another Sunday Law Proposed. WE are advised from Washington that a Sunday-rest bill for the District of Co-lumbia will be introduced by Congressman W. C. P. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, soon after the holidays. The wording of the bill will be about the same as the national bill introduced by Senator Blair; and, like the Blair bill, will contain a clause ex-empting from its penalties those who "con-scientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath, or as a day of religious worship, provided such labor [as they may engage in] be not done to the disturbance of others." This, it is thought by friends of the bill, will silence the opposition of seventh-day peo-ple. In fact, referring to this very thing, Mrs. M. E. Catlin, Superintendent of the Sabbath Observance Department of Dis-trict W. C. T. U., recently said: "I think that we have taken the wind out of their sails by giving them an exemption clause." We trust, however, that in this she is mis-taken. Exemption clauses may make Sun-day laws less oppressive to the few, but they do not make them right, nor change in the least degree their pernicious in-fluence. We are also informed' that the plan is to urge the passage of the District bill, hoping thereby to make it easier to secure the passage of the national bill. Mrs. Bateham is credited with saying :Š " Do little for the national bill now, but work for the local law. When we secure a law for the District it will be easy to get Congress to pass a similar law for the Nation." To be forewarned is to be forearmed, and we trust that the friends of liberty of conscience in the District of ColumbiaŠwhether seventh-day, first-day, or no-day peopleŠwill refuse to be taken in the snare that is being so artfully laid for their feet. The passage of a local Sunday law by Con-gress may seem a small thing, but it would be a blow directed at religious liberty throughout the length and breadth of our land. A little more than sixty years ago Congress was asked to suspend the carry-ing of the mails on Sunday. The petition was referred to the Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, of which Hon. Rich-ard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, was chair-man. In their report the committee said : " This first effort of the kind calls for the estab-lishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizen. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future meas-ures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence." These words, and the reason set forth in them, are applicable to the present demand for a Sunday law for the District of Co-lumbia; and we trust that they have lost none of their force. They prevailed to de-feat a scheme for religious legislation then; may they not be equally potent now ? c. P. B. 