204 AMERICAN SENTINEL. portrait of such person or individual without such con-sent in writing shall be a misdemeanor and shall be pun-ishable by a fine not less than $1,000 and by imprison-ment for not less than one year. "This act shall take effect immediately." This, it will be noted, is a sweeping, indiscriminate prohibition of any pictorial representation of any person in any publication without the written consent of such person. The prohibition is not restricted to private in-dividuals; it applies equally to all public officials and public characters. It is not limited to newspapers; it extends to all classes of publicationsŠweekly papers, monthly magazines, pamphlets and books. The penalty prescribed is as ultra and unheard of as the character of the bill. The minimum is a fine of not less than one thousand dollars in addition to imprisonment of not less than a year. The reason or pretext offered in justification of this amazing measure is that the printing of personal por-traits has been carried by certain papers to the extreme of abuse in violation of private rights. No reputable journal will defend or excuse such abuse or ask license to practice it. None will object to any well-aimed legisla-tion to prevent or punish it. If the Ellsworth bill were of that character there would be no objection to its en-actment. But so sweeping is it in scope and so tyranni-cal in penalty that the evil it would work would be infinitely greater than the abuse at which it is so wildly aimed. It is nothing short of an unbridled raid upon the entire illustrated press of the State and a plain viola-tion of that principle embedded in the Constitution that "no law shall be passed to restrain or abridge the liberty of speech or of the press." Its intent is, and its effect would be, not discriminate regulation, but indiscriminate prohibition. It would prohibit' the publication without written consent of a picture of "a candidate for the presidency of the United States, if living in New York, for the governorship or for any other public office in this State. Imagine a law pro-hibiting the publication of a biography or the personal record, good or bad, of any candidate for official station. Such a man is a public character. The people want to know, and have a right to know, who he is and what he is, and what he looks like. It is not only the constitu-tional right, but also the function of the press to supply this want. To prohibit pictorial representation in such case would be as clearly beyond the power of the legis-lature as to prohibit any personal description or com-ment without written consent. The constitutional objection to the anti-cartoon feature of the bill is not less obvious, and is even more forcible, since this is aimed at one of the most potent and legitimate journalistic agencies of modern times. The use of satire and humor as moral forces is older even than the satires of Horace or the comedies of Aristo-phanes. They have figured conspicuously in the litera-ture of every country and every age as lampoons of the oibles and follies, the wrongs and abuses of the times.  The cartoon is but pictured satire and humor and has lent to the modern press which has employed it, a power for public good often surpassing that wielded by the pen. . . . Pictorial comment on men, measures and issues commanding public attention is, and always has been, as legitimate and secure against unwarranted legislative interference as written criticism. It is a guaranteed right of the freedom of the press. For any abuse of that right a stringent libel law affords an ample remedy. But to declare that no public character shall be cartooned without his written consent would be equivalent to de-claring'that no public character shall be criticised with-out his written consent. It would be an invasion of the liberty of the press which popular sentiment would not countenance, the Constitution warrant nor the courts uphold. Ł 4 -4 IF the courts,  had not shown so much readiness to defend measures which have the sanction neither of jus-tice nor reason, there would not be so much "freak legis-lation" undertaken by our legislators. That Sunday Bill Again. THE following Sunday-rest bill has been introduced in Congress by Mr. McMillan, in the Senate, and by Mr. Harmer, in the House:Š "A BILL "To further protect the first day of the week as a day of "rest in the District of Columbia. "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale of any article or articles of profit during Sunday, excepting vendors of books or newspapers, and apothe-caries for the dispensing of medicines, and undertakers for the purpose of providing for the dead, or others for the purposes of charity or necessity; nor shall any public playing 'of football or baseball or any other kind of playing, sports, pastimes, or diversions, disturbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practiced by any person or persons within the District of Columbia on Sunday nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad construction be lawful upon said day; and for any vio-lation of this Act the person offending shall, for each offense, be liable to a fine of not less than five dol-lars nor more than fifty dollars, and in the case of cor-porations there shall be a like fine for every person em-ployed in violation of this Act laid upon the corporation offending. " SECTION 2. That it shall be a sufficient defense to a .prosecution for labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest. This Act shall not be construed to prevent the sale of refreshments other than malt or spirituous 