AMERICAN SENTINEL. 005 was not ordained, its decrees are not binding upon ally person. But the only way to know what is right, is to be in-structed by the Lord, through his Word and Spirit, which are given to guide believers into all truth. Good Words. THIS department was begun in the earnest belief that it would be appreciated by the young friends of the SEN-TINEL family. We have not been disappointed, for hardly a day goes by that good words for it are not received. One says: "I am very glad yoa have decided to place a department for the young people in the SENTINEL. I know it is appreciated by the young people in our church, for they have subscribed for a club of thirty to use in their meetings." Another friend writes: "The addition of the depart-ment for young people will be appreciated by a large class, old as well as young, and this to my mind will make the SENTINEL even a more welcome visitor than ever." A subscriber in Canada has this to say: "The new department for young people will be a great help. It is a move in the right direction." Now, what we want, to make this department all that could be desired, is contributions from our young friends. Don't be afraid to express your thoughts on paper. Per-haps they may be crude at firstŠwhat matters that? Who ever heard of a finished picture from a single stroke of the brush? There is an immense amount of valuable latent literary talent going to waste all around us, and here is an opportunity to develop it. Who will embrace the opportunity? An Illustration. TEE Religious Liberty AssociatiOn recently received a kind letter from a valued friend accompanied by an of-fering for the work to which this Association is devoted. Speaking of his remittance he says, "As I see the account of the brethren who have been arrested lately, I am im-pressed that I should send it in." This seems to us to be a practical manifestation of heart religion. We submit it to the reader's candid con-sideration as an effective method of fulfilling the Scrip-ture injunction: "Remember them that are in bonds as bound with them." Who among the members of the International Religious Liberty Association will imitate this worthy example? Some time ago through the columns of the SENTINEL we invited our friends to forward their annual dues. While a goodly number responded, many have thus far failed to do so. May we not bear from such at an early date? Religious liberty literature should be circulated freely in Manitoba where a keen interest has been awak- ened by the recent arrest of .Sabbath-keepers. This un-usual opportunity should be utilized.' Soon the legislatures will convene, and another open door will be set before us. We are just informed to-day of the prosecution of a brother in Alabama, and no one can tell how frequent such cases may be. All these things call for labor and the disbursement of funds. Who will cooperate with us in this work while the privilege is still ours to enjoy? Address International Religious Liberty Association, 39 Bond St., New York. Our Premium Bible. WE just want to say that the stock of premium Bibles we are now offering in connection with the SENTINEL one year for $3, is growing less very fast; after they are gone, the offer will be withdrawn, so those who desire to secure a first class Bible cheap would do well to embrace this opportunity very shortly. Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishkng Co Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, ,4 Three " ADDRESS, AfIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York, 