AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. 323 lems. The great Christian nations of Europe think that they have attained to the high ideal of fighting in a thor-oughly Christian manner because they do not kill their prisoners nor the women and children of the opposing party. But the Cretan Christians who are now receiving so much sympathy have not yet attained that exalted, state of Christianity where they kill only men! The sea-port towns of Crete are filled with Moslem women and children.who bear in their bodies the marks of the Chris-tian, but they are not like the marks of the Lord Jesus that Paul bore. No. Women with their breasts cut off, children mutilated in every manner, may be seen iii the hospitals. Such atrocious actions might be expected of the wild Kurds of the Armenian mountains who profess the religion of Mohammed ; but what about the Greek Christian, boasting of his civilization, of his religion, and posing before Europe as a hero, doing such things ! Christian atrocities! Let the world ponder it and learn that as true as the saying that "All is not gold that glitters," so all is not Christian which passes under that name ; and in nothing is the name Christian so abused and disgraced as in the very common expression, "Christian nation." THE only hope of a republic lies in individual asser-tions of a character founded and maintained on correct principles.ŠNew York Observer. What We Need to Bring Prosperity. THE United States Government began with the set-ting up of the principle that "all men are created equal." Its founders asserted to the world the doctrine that all are "endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to preserve these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just rights from the consent of the governed." Upon this doctrine they essayed to establish a government which should afford to all persons under it the perpetual blessings of civil and religious liberty. It is perfectly evident to-day that this ideal of our forefathers has not been realized. We do not have to search for this evidence; one cannot look in any direc-tion without seeing it. Instead of the peaceful country filled with inhabitants in the undisturbed enjoyment of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" which loomed into the perspective of our forefathers, there is seen a nation whose people are arrayed against each other in a bitter struggle for the mastery. And to the vast major-ity of those engaged in this contest, theŁ struggle is one for the realization of those very conditions of life and liberty which are supposed to be guaranteed by the fun-damental law of the land. We see around us the Trust, and all the various com-binations of capital and labor, operating against the en-joyment of individual freedom. We see the strike, with  its attendant misery to the families of the poor, only greater than the perpetual misery from which they seek by that hard means to escape. We see the power of wealth to create unjust conditions for its own advantage in political and social life. And from the enslaved and dissatisfied masses we hear the mutterings of threatened revolution. And if anything were lacking to show the insufficiency of a theory of government in itself to secure the blessings of good government to a people, it is supplied by the fact that both plutocrats and populists invoke the name of Liberty and appeal to the same principles of free gov-ernment in support of their diametrically antagonistic positions. "Liberty, equality and fraternity" are good words;  but in the mouth of the plutocrat they do not mean what they do in the mouth of the socialist. Whose meaning of the words, whose theories for the realization of these blessings, are to prevail? There are many explanations put forward defining and locating the trouble with the workings of our gov-ernmental system. One explanation asserts that the trouble is with the Constitution ; that this was long ago outgrown, and has since been only an incumbrance to good government and a protection to rascality. Another says that wrong political principles have been put in force; another says that the Government ought to be religious instead of secular; another affirms that repub-lican government is a failure, and that a return must be had to some form of monarchy. The tendency in the last-named direction is already very marked. But the real trouble is not with the Constitution, or with republican principles of government. As Abraham Lincoln said, there are men who would overthrow the Constitution, and pervert right principles of government. A "government of the people, by the people, and for the people," depends upon the people, and not upon princi-ples and constitutions. Right principles in the Constitu-tion are indeed essential, but these count for little when there are wrong principles in the hearts of the people. When the commercial spirit has cast out the spirit of in-dependence, when the love of gain is greater than the love of liberty, the people will certainly lose their liberty, in spite of the best constitution and the soundest govern_ mental theories. In other words, when the people lose the ability to properly govern themselves individually, they can no longer hope successfully to govern themselves collectively. In such a case it will avail nothing to shift back and forth between two or more political theories. WHAT SALTS THE SCRIPTURE? The position of the Christian, and, that of the SENTL NEL, is that "liberty, equality, and fraternity" are quali-ties which have their origin in God, and have descended to man from him. Or rather, they are in the hearts of men in proportion as God is in their hearts, being insep-arable from Him. And they can ,be properly understood 