272 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 34. Tir An2eFiear2 OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 18, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. WE have some contributions on hand, which will appear in course of time. That the SENTINEL is too small for the demand upon its columns, is the apology we have to offer to our contributors. We trust it may be otherwise in the near future. But that matter rests somewhat with itsffirions. THE president of the American Sabbath Union, Elliott F. Shepard, insists properly enough that if men will keep the Sabbath they will, get a blessing. And he also insists that all who do not keep it must be compelled to keep it by a 'National Sunday law. But will people get that blessing who will not keep it without being compelled to ? In other words can you force the blessing of God upon men? and that by civil law ? THERE is a great cry now by Protestants against the Roman Catholic demand for public money for sectarian use; but the example was first set by Protestants, and Rome is not only quick to learn, but she never forgets. Now, the Protestants are about to set the example of hav-ing legislation enforcing the observance of church institutions; and as with the other, so with this, the Roman Catholic power will be quick to learn the trick, and will carry it to an extent little dreamed of by those professed Protestants who demand the evil example that shall be set. Two evenings after Mr,-,:Shepard delivered Ws lecture entitled, " Does the Sabbath pay ?" in which he set before the people the pecuniary advan-tages of Sunday rest, stating that the manufacturer who closed his business on Sunday- would make thirty-six per cent. more than the one who worked, we heard the manager of a small railroad say before the same audience that the lecturer had converted him, and that the preceding Sunday was the last Sunday that trains would run on his road. At this the congregation applauded immoderately, and we, remembering the inducements that the redoubtable Colonel had set forth, could only think of the words of an ancient writer : "Men will praise thee when thou doest well to thyself." Ł' Ł  41 THURSDAY night and Friday, August 15, 16, there was held in San Francisco a convention to organize a Sunday-law Union for Northern Cali-fornia auxiliary to the National Sunday-law Union. As usual in these meetings great sympathy was professed for the workingman. The workingman was mentioned often. The kind of Sabbath that the workingman needs, was the subject of onv, of the 'principal speeches. Yet for all this there was not a workingman there as delegate or as repre-sentative from anywhere. There was not a workingman to make a speech in all the conven-tion. There was not a workingman made a member of the Executive Committee, which was large. The only interest the workingmen showed in the-Łconvention was to send letters telling the  managers that the Sunday-law crusade is " only an effort of their preachers to fill their pews." It seems strange that a movement that is so univer-sally favored by the workingmen as the Sunday-law managers would have it to be believed this is, should be so doubted and scouted by the work-ingmen as this is. In other words the facts prove that on this point the claim of the Sunday-law managers is a fraud.  4 - AT the Washington City Sunday-law convention last winter, Dr. Conrad said that "thirteen years ago Berlin had 800,000 inhabitants, now it has double that 'number, yet only one church has been built in that time, and that is the only church built there in fifty years. The Church has lost her power over the people. Many, though confirmed in the Church, are freethinkers in re-ligion, and as citizens are Socialists." This is a lesson worth the learning by those statesmen (?) who want religion forced by law into the public schools for the benefit of the State. Such a thing is a damage both to religion and the State. ONE or two statements which we recently took down from the lips of Mr. Shepard, president of the American Sabbath Union, should be preserved for future reference. One of them was this : "It is useless for anyone to claim that the Sabbath has. any rights except as they place themselves on the divine commandment." This is true in itself. We believe it. We believe that the only basis for Sabbath keeping is the fourth commandment, and that outside of that there is no authority for it. But the fourth, commandment does not au-thorize human governments to make laws enjoin-ing Sabbath observance; and when Colonel Shep-ard advocates a law compelling Sunday observ-ance, he is doing one of two things; he is either taking himself entirely away from the divine com-mandment, or he is advocating the putting of the government in the place of God, and making it execute the divine decrees. This is in fact just what he is doing; and by this statement he shays that the Sunday movement is first and last a re-ligious movement, and a movement for the securing of governmental aid, to advance certain theories of religion. In other words, he is .working for a movement to secure a union of Church and State. Another thing which Mr. Shepard said, should be remembered, so that he and his fellow-workers may be confronted with it. Said he, "Governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. God is the only lawgiver. His laws are made clear and plain in his word, so that all nations may know what are the laws which God ordained to be kept." This statement coming from the chief officer of the American Sabbath Union shows that that as-sociation is identical with the National Reform Association, though they have different officers, and different names, and their constitutions are differently worded; the object for which they work is the same, and they are to all intents and purposes one party. It shows that they are working for a theocracy, and that they wish to have the officers 'of the government stand as the exponents of the divine will. We have no ob-jection to a theocracy, if God himself is the gov-ernor, but we would have most serious objections to self-appointed vicegerents of God. Mr. Shep-ard's statement shows that he and those allied with him in his work are disloyal to the government of the United States, They are at heart traitors.  They traduce the Constitution of the United States, and openly flaunt their disrespect for it. We are glad that there are still some in this country who are loyal citizens,Šmen and women who honor the great charter of American liberty, Šfor we know that with all such people self-styled national reformers can find no sympathy. THE American Sabbath Union says, "There is rest more in employment than in idleness." This is true, because true rest is only change of occu-pation. But the work of the Union is to secure a national law by which people shall be compelled to be idle on Sunday. Then, when they shall have secured the national power to compel all people to be idle, what employment shall the government give to these so that they may have a proper and profitable rest? The only proper employment for the Sabbath and the only kind contemplated by the Author of the Sabbath, is the worship, and holy thought and meditation upon the works, of God. But how is the govern-ment to furnish such employment as that? The simple and easy answer is, that it cannot furnish' it at all. It is impossible for any but God to furnish it. Government is founded in consent. Govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. In this consent men sur-render certain natural rights in order more fully to secure these and others. A just equivalent is justly expected in every , such surrender, and without such an equivalent the surrender is void. Now, in the enactment of a Sunday law, the gov-ernment obliges every man to surrender his right to engage in proper and profitableemployment one-seventh part of his time. In other words, the gov-ernment asks that men shall surrender one-seventh of their income, and for what equivalent ? Idle-ness, and that only. But idleness is no equivalent whatever. Therefore, in the enactment of Sun-day laws the government requires the citizen to surrender certain rights for which he receives no equivalent whatever. Consequently the surrender is in itself void, and for the government to insist upon and force the surrender is tyranny. Thus, clearly, it is demonstrated that the en-actment of Sunday laws is directly subversive of the most sacred principles of American insti-tutions,Šthe principle that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, which consent must be met by an equivalent. It is not therefore in the least to be wondered at that the workers for a national Sunday law should de-clare the object of that movement to be "to change that feature in our fundamental law." That is the logic of the movement. And then they will call it the "American Sabbath " ! The fact' is, it is un-American in its very inception. THE. AMKRICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICA1S1 SENTINEL, 1019 Castro St., oAxi.410, 