THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. in the schools. . . . We regard religious instruction as an integral part of the sum total of school instruction. . . . The train-ing of teachers is not to be separated from connection with the church and religious cult-ure." A Government circular announces: "It is the aim of the religious instruction in schools, in connection with the catechumen and con-firmation teaching, to help lead the youth to a living knowledge of their belonging to the kingdom of God on earth, and to evangelical church fellowship in it." This is their theory of public schools, and this defines accurately the position of the Romish church in our country. 2. Let me now sketch the plan by which this principle is carried into operation. Prus-sian educational institutions are divided into three classesŠthe common school, the high school, and the university. In the first, ele-mentary religious instruction is given by the ordinary teachers, preparatory to and in har-mony with the more advanced curriculum of the high school. In the high schools, the Prus-sian system of teaching religion finds its most important field, and to those we shall restrict ourselves. Omitting much that would be very interesting as to the general methods of these schools, of which there are four grades, space requires that we be restricted.  to the plan of religious instruction. Religion is re-garded as one of the regular studies of the course, and occupies the place of honor at the top of the list. All teachers must pass an examination in religious knowledge. Teach-ers in the highest classes must stand an ex-amination in the contents of the Bible, the fundamental doctrines of faith and morals, church history, New Testament Greek, and Hebrew. But these qualifications are ac-quired less seldom than formerly, so that in many cases the local clergy must undertake the religious instruction by single hours in school. In the lowest class, Bible narratives from the Old Testament to the times of the kings are taught from a book of Bible stories. The first part of the catechism, with Luther's ex-planations, is learned by heart,, the second and third parts being committed to memory without the explanation. A certain selection of texts and hymns is given to be memorized. In the next class the New Testament narra-tive is to be learned in the same way, and the general division and order of the books of Scripture, catechism, and hymns are reviewed. In the next higher class prominent portions of the Old and New Testaments are read and studied in their connection, also the geography of Palestine. Catechism is reviewed, and the third part learned with Luther's explana-tions, and proof-texts. The fourth and fifth parts are committed to memory. Hymns are reviewed and new ones learned. As occasion offers; the meaning of church usages is to be taught. In the yet higher class a more advanced course-  in biblical instruction is imparted. In addition to a review of hymns and texts al-ready acquired, apostolic and church history  is begun. Ł In the next class higher these studies are continued, and the history of dogma is entered upon. The highest class takes up the exegetical study of the Gospel of John, and the epistles to Romans, Galatians, Hebrews, and parts of 1 Corinthians. The fundamental doctrines of faith and morals in their connection are taught, also an outline of creeds. The teaching in all these classes is accom-panied by proper devotional exercises, at least in form. These consist of singing, reading the Scriptures, and prayer. This is held every morning with the whole school. Each hour's work in the forenoon is to be begun with prayer. The school closes on Saturday at noon, usually with devotional exercises, in-cluding a short address by the principal. Teachers are directed to induce their pupils to attend public worship in church; also at the proper time to turn their thoughts toward the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. A sim-ilar course is followed in the Roman Catholic religious teaching, with such modifications as their doctrines would require. We have now an outline of the religious instruction in the Prussian school system. Thus the State maintains the compulsory re-ligious, as well as secular, education of every child. It must be admitted that this scheme is well-nigh perfect. One more comprehen-sive and thorough cannot easily be devised. It seems to meet every requirement of a com-plete religious education. It should lead into the fellowship of the church, as it is designed to do. Fully complied with, it would fit the apt scholar almost to enter the ministry. And now we may well inquire- 3. What has been the result? This system has been in operation nearly one hundred years, and during all this period religion has declined, so that the skepticism and rational-ism of Germany have become proverbial. In 1838, students of theology left the gymnasia so ignorant of the Scriptures that they could be pint to shame by children. Teachers came in who regarded religion as only a moral de-partment of the State; in whose tuition, as Christlieb declares, "Heathen classics and nat-ural science are exalted, the Christian belief constantly pulled down, or even ridiculed in the eyes of the pupils." "In most of our high schools the religious instruction is given so badly that- this is one of the chief causes of our common rationalism, and the infidelity and religious indifference amongst our edu-cated classes." So writes the same high au-thority. This system, so admirably arranged, has failed to keep Prussia Christian except in name. It produced a formalism which made everyone a member of the church, but at the expense of vital piety. This system super-seded the necessity of Sabbath-schools, be--cause the children were supposed to be taught the same religious truths which are inculcated in the Sabbath-school system. Yet, as a fact, this end was not secured, so that the evangel-ical portion of Germany feel the need of the Sabbath-school, and are establishing them in all parts of the empire. The wisest and most  devout clearly understand that their elaborate course of religious instruction in the public schools cannot be relied upon to make the children truly Christian. England and America, on the other hand, have maintained and perfected the Sabbath-school system during the same period. And what have we to show as results? A most marked improvement in public morals, and a great advance in  all forms of religious ac-tivity. Space will not permit me to present the proofs of-  this. They can be abundantly furnished. Let those who doubt this read the chapter on the "Social Condition of Great Britain," in Mackenzie's "Nineteenth Cent-ury;" or Dorchester's " Problem of Religious Progress." In our own' land churches have kept pace with the marvelous growth of pop-ulation, and untiring efforts are made to ele-vate the masses. The multiplicity of denom-inations presents an insuperable obstacle to the State in any endeavor to teach that amount of religion which each denomination desires for its own children. Those specific doctrihes must be left to the family and the Sabbath-school. If they are not-inculcated there, they cannot be imparted satisfactorily in any other mode. This plan has been so successful in our own land that we have no reason to vent-ure on some other scheme. Much less can we adopt the method advocated by Rome, which has produced such undesirable results in Germany.ŠRev. Geo. S. Mott, D. D., in New York Observer. "A Pen-Picture." IN the Interior of October 20 there is a racy report of the State Convention of the Ohio W. C. T. U. It is entitled "A Pen-Picture of the Ohio W. C. T. U. Convention." We have no doubt that that is what it is, and a well-drawn picture too, for some of the scenes are decid-edly realisticŠmuch more so in fact than we should have thought becoming in a woman's temperance convention, to say nothing of a woman's Christian temperance convention. In one of the scenes Miss Willard very properly paid a glowing tribute to the influence of Mrs. Hayes, Miss Rose Elizabeth Cleveland, and the present Mrs. Cleveland, in the White House. She closed with the words, "God bless Frances Folsom Cleveland," to which sentiment the applause was very properly im-mense. But to this sentiment one of the members of the Convention promptly took decided exception, at which the reporter, her-self a member of the Union, expresses herself after this gentle, womanly, Christian style: "Out upon such littleness! Such a spirit shows a venom unworthy a civilized woman. Perhaps she was in the gall of bitterness be-cause her husband had been turned out of office; if so we must try to excuse her." Another, called in the report a "lively scene," ensued when the Committee on Fi-nance reported in favor of paying salaries to the leading officers, and in favor of the Presi-dent's visiting all the county and district meetings "at the expense of the Convention." Against :this there wa$,,strong opposition, and 