394 A.TvirRaziCAN ŁIENTritlINIE.11LA. VoL. 10, No. 50. anything in his possession, but holds him bound to surrender any and every liberty whenever it shall be deemed necessary to the general welfare, the development of strong, self-reliant and self-respecting individual char-acter, which is the real strength and life of a nation, is hindered and in time well-nigh sup-pressed; and in its place there springs up a paternalism which is despotism in its worst form. There is one mighty force in the world to-day which stands for individualism; and that is the gospel of Jesus Christ;  There is one government in which individualism finds full recognition, and that is the government of God. God is not a despot. He will have no slaves in his kingdom, but only free men. No person will ever get there who does not enjoy perfect individual freedom in every respect. His kingdom and government are perfect; and the nearer any earthly government can ap-proach to his in respect to the individual free-dom, enjoyed by all its subjects, the better will that government have become. We have fallen upon evil times. The tide of human progress in the governmental rec-ognition of natural rights is turning back-ward towards intolerance, and the dragon of religious persecution is rearing his head, while the people slumber on, forgetful that " eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty," or deem-ing this an outgrown proverb. But while the everlasting gospel is yet proclaimed, the cause of human individual liberty will not perish from the earth. To that gospel the liberty-loving soul must look henceforth. WHY ROME IS GAINING. " PROTESTANTISM," as it arose in the six-teenth century to combat the papacy, was based' on the Word of God. It was not a new thing, but a reassertion of the eternal truths of that Word, which had become largely ob-scured by the rubbish of papal tradition. For centuries thereafter, " Protestantism " meant an adherence to the inspired Word as the only rule of religious belief and conduct. But to- day all this is changed; and the evidence of it appears in language like the following, from the Pilot (Boston), of Dec. 7:Š It has been said by an observant writer that soon the Catholics will be the only Bible Christians in the world, so greatly has reverence for the sacred books fallen off among that large contingent, who following no special creed, still claim the Protestant name. The " Women's Bible," in the general indifference with which its sacrilegious attacks on the inspired writings have been received, where erstwhile they would have evoked a storm of righteous indignation, moves the Western Watchman to similar expression. Says our e. c.: " The Bible will soon be sent back to Rome whence it went forth to the modern world and in future it will be classed as a popish book and com-batted as containing only Romish superstition from Genesis to Revelation. It was a fetish, a divinity, 300 years ago, it now lies broken, like another Dagon, at the feet of modern Protestant enlightenment. Mrs. Stanton can kick it, . . . and there is none to say nay." Is it any wonder that Rome is gaining, and that papal principles are reasserting them-selves even in this boasted land of freedom? It was God's Word that first laid down the principle, " Render therefore unto Cresar the things which are Omar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22:21. That Word it is which inculcates most plainly and powerfully the lessons of love, gentleness, kindness and honor to all men. That Word it is which contains the " Golden Rule," which, if practiced by mankind, would bring a golden age. God, the author of liberty, is the great Teacher of the principles upon which  it rests. Truthfully has the historian, Ban- croft, said :Š No one thought of vindicating religion for the con-science of the individual until a voice in Judea, break-ing day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity by establishing a pure, spiritual, and universal reli-gion for all mankind, enjoined to render to Ccesar only that which is Cnsar's. And now that Word is neglected; its prin-ciples are becoming obscured; the " Protest-ant " world is calling for religious legislation, and Rome is triumphing. -4,  DOES IT CONSERVE LAW ? SOME recent work in this city in the line of Sunday " law " enforcement, called forth the following editorial comment from the World, of Dec. 10:Š On Sunday last three policemen in plain clothes discovered, as they believed, that a saloon-keeper was selling beer in his saloon. He had a private door opening into his yard. They went to this door and found it locked. They knocked and the door was opened a few inches on the chain. They threw them-selves against the door, broke the chain and forced their way in. This was a clear case of burglary at common law. A policeman has no more right than any other citizen to break a lock, a door or a chain, or in any other way to force entrance to a house. To do so is to vio-late a right guaranteed to every citizen by the Con-stitution itself, as it has been guaranteed for ages by fundamental Anglo-Saxon law older than any written constitution. The man who breaks even a thread by way of forc-ing entrance to premises not his own is guilty of burg-lary a+ common law. And as these men seized and drank beer for which they had not paid, thus commit-ting robbery, they were guilty of burglary under the Penal Code, which makes any housebreaking with in-tent to commit crime, or any housebreaking followed by crime, a burglary. What is it about this enforcement of Sunday observance that so bewilders judgment, per-verts justice, and even leads officers of the law to become violators of the law? Is it not the fact that such enforcement is itself wrong, and without any foundation in reason? When by act of the legislature such a thing is ex-alted to the place of reason, and declared to be right and just, it is small wonder that perversion of judgment and of justice is the result. "CHRISTIAN" CITIZENSHIP IN NEWARK, N. J. SOME of the " Christian " work now being done in Newark in the line of promoting Sunday observance, and more that is likely to be done, is set forth in the following item of news taken from the Sun (New York) of December 11:Š In charging the new grand jury of Essex County yesterday, Judge Depne was particularly severe upon the Newark police commissioners for the letter they addressed to the Christian Citizenship Union in re-gard to Sunday liquor selling, and an indictment is not improbable as a result of his charge. The part of the charge bearing on the letter was:Š " My attention has been called to a communication of the police commissioners of this city to a committee of citizens, with the request that I submit the subject to the grand jury. " The correspondence relates to the sale of liquor on Sunday, in violation of law. The law prohibiting the sale of liquor on Sunday is contained in statutes of comparatively recent date. The commissioners ap-pear to entertain the opinion that the enforcement of these laws and the city ordinances is neither possible nor expedient. " These officials are not amenable to prosecution for opinions expressed; but when acts become indictable offenses, if done with a certain intent, opinions dis-tinctly avowed with respect to official conduct may be such evidence of intent as will bring acts done or omitted in the line of official duty within the range of indictable offenses." The Christian Citizenship Union are trying  to get Judge Depue to have the Newark police commissioners indicted for holding and communicating to the Union their opinion that the enforcement of Sunday prohibition in Newark is not expedient or possible. Whether it is possible or not, we do not say; nor do we at all dissent from the idea that executive officers should be held to a strict account for the enforcement of all just laws. But we do dissent from the idea that such work represents Christianity, or is any proper part of Christian effort. We dissent from the idea that the the enforcement of human law, or any form of compulsion, pertains to Chris-tianity. For if it does pertain to Christianity, and securing a person's arrest for a violation of law can properly be called Christian work, then, since Christianity defines our duty to-wards God, such duty may properly be en-forced by civil law, and there is no line of demarcation between the civil and the spirit-ual realms, between the spheres of the Church and of the State. And this has been the theory of religious bigots and persecutors in all ages. We commend to this " Christian Citizen-ship Union" the example of Jesus Christ, who " went about doing good," oppressing none and never calling for anybody's arrest, nor for any help whatever from the civil arm. " CHRISTIAN SOCIOLOGY." WILBUR F. CRAFTS, Ph. D., author of " The Sabbath for Man," " The Civil Sab-bath," etc., has given to the world another book, " Practical Christian Sociology."' This book contains over five hundred pages, and the key-note of the whole work is " the salvation of society through the Kingship of Christ."' " In order to solve social problems," says our author, " the Church needs to be reminded that the Kingship of Christ as the salvation of society and the Saviourship of Christ in its relation to the individual, are equally and often together proclaimed in the Bible."'  And it is this phantom, " the salvation of so-ciety," which is pursued throughout the entire work in question. It is this thought, there-fore, which, more than all others in this book, demands our attention. " The heart of Christian sociology," says Dr. Crafts, " is the Kingship of Christ. The individual is saved by his cross, but society is saved by his crown, that is, by the application of the law of Christ to all human associations Što the family, the school, the shop, the church, the State." " The law of Christ, which is to be thus applied, includes," says our author, " more than that trilogy of love, the new com-mandment,' the Golden Rule, and the Royal Law. Those two words of Christ, my com-mandments,' include many other New Tes-tament laws. The general opinion that there are only ten commandments is not more un-scriptural than the equally common opinion that the Decalogue is not strictly a part of the law of Christ. It is his not only in that he indorsed it, but also in that he originally pro-claimed it. The divine Ferson who gave the law on Sinai was seen, and therefore the Son, for " no man hath seen God [that is, the Father] at any time; the only begotten Son who is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared [or revealed] him."' In these quotations truth and error are found side by side. It was indeed the Son who spoke the law from the quaking mount; Funk & Wagnalls, New York, London and Toronto. P. 28. P. 28. 4 pp. 23, 24. 