602 AMERICAN SENTINEL. trot then. Germany, which has more than any other country, had 29,422 miles at last accounts. France, which comes next, had 25,585. Russia, the third, had 24,012. Great Britain, the fourth, had 21,265. The Vanderbilts alone control more than any European country except Germany now, and if they get the South-ern Pacific system they will, control more than any coun-try beyond the borders of the United States, without exception. But that is only part of the story. The Rockefellers will not come into the combination empty-handed. They are already interested in many railroads outside of the Vanderbilt system. They do not operate with -megaphones, but when they are ready to show their hands it will not be surprising if they raise the total mileage ruled by the syndicate to FIFTY THOUSAND. If this were merely the monopolization of over a quarter of the transportation business of the country it would be portentous enough. But it is more than that. The Rockefellers are in every sort of industry, and their possession of the routes of commerce will give them an advantageŁ over all competitors that will be simply crushing. What chance will a poor beggar with five or ten million dollars invested in iron mines or oil refineries have against rivals that can send their iron ore and their oil to market by the hundred trainloads over their own railroads? Crush the trusts? Yes, but it can't be done when there are no more common carriers and the trusts turn the national railroad system into a guaranty of their monopoly. What Events Have Shown. The "Buffalo Express." EVENTS have been dealing harshly with the imperial contentions during the last nine months. It was said that if we did not take the Philippines, Europe would get into war over them. And so to save Europe from such a calamity we got ourselves into war. It was said that we could not give any recognition to or enter into any negotiations with the Filipino leaders to attach them to our interests until the treaty of peace was con firmed. Yet we negotiated with and secured the friend-ship of the Cuban and Porto Rican revolutionists at the very outset. It was said that if we left the Filipinos to themselves they would be given over to tribal wars. Yet we have found no tribal differences of enough conse-quence to give us any important native allies. 'It was said they would become subject to one-man rule instead of maintaining a real republic. Yet we have just con-'firmed one-man rule in the Sulu islands without estab-lishing even the pretense of a republic. We overlooked, until recently, the fact that we must either ignore the clause of our Constitution which forbids slavery in any territory under the jurisdiction of the United States, or  fight a war to abolish it in the distant East Indies. We have found that we must raise an army of 10,000 men to conquer an archipelago, which we foolishly fancied we had won already. And, finally, instead of creating for ourselves new markets, we are beginning to realize that imperialism deprives us of the right to protect our home markets from the cheapest competition in the world. Civilization Tending to Barbarism. THAT civilizationŠso-calledŠis to-day represented by an armed camp, by nations actively preparing for war and filled with the war spirit, is a fact too evident to be denied. That war is barbarous and tends always to barbarism, is equally a fact, whether equally evident or not. And therefore it is also true that civilization is not, as so generally un ierstood, the opposite of barba-rism; that carried to a certain extent, it is productive of harm rather than good. The truth of the matter is pointed out in the following from the Springfield Repub- lican "We appear to be suffering from what Prof. Goldwin Smith has described as a satiety of civilization. "On both sides of the Anglo-Saxon world there is a manifested eagerness to go to war, regardless of causes or purposes or ends. No call to national self-defense or to rescue an oppressed people comes to England at the moment, but only one to champion a mighty and over-bearing power in a contest to divest a weak state of its independence. And yet over this miserable cause there arises excessive patriotic emotion and a rush about the British home recruiting stations to get into the ranks of the army destined for South Africa. A battalion of troops was started from London for Natal Saturday amid scenes of the greatest enthusiasm, the crowds wildly cheering and the soldiers expressing the strongest eagerness to get at the foeŠany foe would do. It is only 'some among us,' writes Herbert Spender, who `think that national honor is not beingenhanced by put-ting down the weak.' "Here in the other half of the Anglo Saxon world enlistments proceed easily for the great army of distant conquest and subjugation. Within two months 15,000 m m have been raised for this purpose, and another body of 15,000 men is being recruited at the rate of from 400 to 500 a day, under the severest physical requirements. And here, as in England, there is no deep industrial depres-sion and idleness and want and enforced unemployment to drive men into the army for a livelihood, but, on the contrary, a notable industrial revival. And here, as in England, only 'some among us' apparently think that the national honor is not being enhanced by putting down the weak. "The ultimate tendency of civilization, wrote a pes-simistic philosopher many years ago, is toward barbar-ism. We seem, indeed, to have fallen upon a time when men have become surfeited with the peace and order and security attained by civilized progress, when its reŁ straints bear heavily upon the natural man, when for 