OCT013ER 19, 1893. N1H_",1,0 323 held a year ago the 25th of last month, told the assembly that the " vulnerable point of the merchant of to-day who opens his store on Sunday is not his head nor his heart, but is his pocket book," and then expressed the " wish that it could be agreed upon to patronize only those who close on the Sabbath." As the outgrowth of this, resolutions were passed, one of which wasŠ Resolved, That it be the sense of this meeting that we, the purchasing public of this, the West Side, do agree not to purchase any goods sold by any store that may keep open its doors on the Sab-bath, and do further agree to exert our influence in every way practicable for the closing of stores on the Sabbath. This is only a sample of what we see cropping out everywhere,Šseeking coer-cion as to Sunday observance by means of the boycott. On Sunday the 1st instant, there was a mass meeting held under the auspices of the Sunday Rest Association in Chicago, called to order by Pres. C. C. Bonney, and addresses were made by quite a number of the leading lights in this movement, the general discussion being in the trend of securing laws for Sunday closing. Ac-cording to the report of the meeting in the Inter Ocean of the next day, the speaker who elicited the most applause was Rev. 0. P. Gifford, when he declared that a list of the Sunday dealers ought to be made out and nobody should buy from them on Monday, then said, " I would rather preach without a shirt on Sunday than buy it on Monday from a man who kept open on Sunday.' Thus are the advocates of compulsory Sunday rest seeking to wheel the masses into line with their ideas of an outward increased regard for the day by appealing to the basest of all motives, rather than to " the law and the prophets." Surely the lines are drawing closer and closer, and he is stone blind who cannot see that it will end in religious intolerance of the very worst kind. Is it not time that a warning voice should be heard ? W. E. CORNELL. Papal Influence in Germany. SOMETHING of the rapid increase of papal influence in the German empire, during the last five years, will appear from the following facts recently published in the Outlook :Š The visit to Germany of Cardinal Ledochowski, Prefect of the Propaganda Fide, and one of the most influential of Leo XIII.'s advisers, inevitably suggests a comparison between his present status, as concerns temporal power, and that of his ancient foe, Prince Bismarck. Miecislaus John Ledochow-ski is by birth a German Pole, and until very recent years his very name was a synonym for anti German sentiment. During the years immediately succeed-ing the War of 1870, when Bismarck, then at the height of his power, was using it to curtail the privileges and counteract the influence of the Catholic Church, Ledochowski, then Bishop of Posen and Gnesen, fearlessly disputed every inch of ground with the Iron Chancellor. Upon two great issues the Cardinal was immovableŠthe ,au-thority of the Church in educational matters, and its right to elect its own bishops without State in-terference. When, therefore, during the spring of 1874 he refused to permit the German language to be taught in the schools of his diocese, it seemed that the limits of tolerance had been reached. He was fined and imprisoned, but while yet-in prison he was made a Cardinal by Pius IX. Upon his release Ledochowski went to the Vatican, there to be received with honor and rapidly preferred. Though absent from Posen he continued to direct the affairs of the diocese and inspire further oppo-sition to Bismarck, so that the German Government twice condemned him, in contumaciam. While Bismarck remained in power at Berlin no effort was spared to weaken Ledochowski's influence at the Vatican, but without success, for he finally  succeeded Cardinal Simeoni as chief of the Propa-ganda. Since the fall of Bismarck Cardinal Ledo-chowski seems to have forgotten his old enmity ,toward Germany. Emperor William has undoubt-edly sought to conciliate him, for he remitted the sentences passed against the Cardinal, and will personally entertain him during his coming visit to Berlin. It is pretty well understood that the sup-port recently given to Chancellor Caprivi's policy, especially in the case of the Army Bill, by the Polish party in Germany, is due to Ledochowski's influence. Of course, in both the matters of con-tention between Bismarck and Cardinal Ledochowski, the latter was clearly right. It was an unwarranted usurpation of power for Bismarck to assume to dictate the appointment of bishops, and it was no better for him to command the use of the German tongue in the Polish schools; but it is to be feared that the change in the policy of Germany is simply a change of policy, and not a change from policy to principle. Papists held the balance of power in Germany, and it was necessary to conciliate them. And to conciliate papists in political matters means always to give them the lion's share, and to give it to them as papists. How It Is Done. IN England we have two societies for the purpose of enforcing Sunday observ-ance. One is " The Lord's Day Observ-ance Society," and the other, "The Work-ingmen's Lord's Day Rest Association." Both circulate a large amount of literature to show that Sunday is the Sabbath. Most of the writers follow the same line of thought. They first start out on the solid foundation of the institution of the Sabbath at creation, and then come down through the Bible, bringing forth an im- pregnable array of texts which refer to the seventh day; and all goes well until they reach the resurrection of Christ, when here they attempt to slide all this edifice onto the first day of the week, and make all they have said apply to Sunday. This Herculean task is impossible as a feat of logic; for it can only be performed in the way a conjurer performs a " pass," by sleight of hand (Eph. 4 : 14); and the various ways which these gentlemen at- tempt it is of great interest. First, here is a pamphlet, " The Lord's Day is the Sabbath," by Rev. J. Gretton, D.D., secretary of the first-named society. In it occurs this :Š There remains but one other question. Can the Lord's day be the Sabbath day, when the one is the seventh, and the other the first day of the week ? I reply, the Sabbath law is the separation of one day in seven unto the Lord, Šone day after six and not the seventh day absolutely. There came a time when one day in history fell out, as not being; for therein the Lord of life lay dead in the tomb, and the next dayŠwhen he rose again, the Prince of lifeŠbecame at once the seventh and first; and this day, thus unique and glorious, was actually the Sabbath. Could any argument be more fanciful and unreal ? How could a day fall out ? Where did it fall to ? A marvelous per-formance, surely, but it is surpassed by the Rev. Dr. Pope, in " The Christian Sabbath " (for same society). He says of Christ: Š He kept the old day always and to the last. He went from its most sacred observance in Jericho straight to his cross. He left the old Sabbath in his sepulchre, but it rose again with him on the third day, now to be the first day of the week. Such talk is sheer nonsense. How could a day perform in this manner ? And yet this is presented by grave doctors of di-vinity as the best they have. The other society publishes a pamphlet  by Bishop Ryle. The bishop starts with the institution of the Sabbath, and comes steadily along the beaten track, through the giving of the manna and the law, down to Christ, and does beautifully till he comes to the " gap," and this is how he gets over it :Š , Undoubtedly the day was changed. It was made the first day of the week in memory of our Lord's resurrection, instead of the seventh. But I believe the apostk s were divinely inspired to make that change, and at the same time wisely directed to make no public decree about it. As an example of legerdemain, this last is a master-stroke. With one hand the bishop presents an unwarrantable assump-tion, and with the other he filches away all possibility of any one testing that as- sumption. In another pamphlet put out by the same society, the Rev. Eynon Davis tries his hand. Mr. Davis is a wise man. He simply says:Š We find that with the change of dispensations, a change was also made in the world's day of rest. . . The deliverance from sin through Christ was greater than the deliverance from Egypt through Moses, so the memorial day was shifted from the seventh day to the first day of the weekŠto our present Sabbath. The day is not at all im-portant, so we need not stay to discuss the altera-tion. So he hurries off to a less dangerous ground, carrying his reader with him. Yes, Mr. Davis is certainly a wise man. (See Prov. 17: 28.) Now these are circulated as the best reasons that the best men in England can produce for " shifting " the commandment of God. If this is the wisdom, what must the foolishness be like ? Well might Paul say, " Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world ?" 1 Cor. 1: 18-27. ŠFrancis Hope, in Review and Herald. The Sunday Plank in Ohio Prohibition Platform. THE following is the Sunday plank adopted by the Prohibitionists of Ohio at their convention in 1893:Š The business of government is to protect men in their rights. It is not the business of government to legislate on matters of religion. Liberty of con-science is guaranteed by the Constitution. The Christian has the right to regard the first day of the week as one sacred to religious worship. The Jew, under our form of government, has the same right to believe that the seventh day of the week is the day which he was commanded to keep holy. The Mohammedan has, under our form of govern-ment, an equal right to regard the sixth day as a day of special religious observance. The majority has no right nor power, under our Constitution, to enforce its religious opinions upon the minority, no matter how small that minority may be, nor is it the business of civil government to interfere with such matters. But it is the business of civil gov-ernment to protect men in their rights, whether those rights be civil or religious, and a right to rest one day in seven is a right which can only be se-cured under existing social conditions by the pro-tecting arm of the law. Without the protecting arm of the law the right to enjoy one day in seven as a day of rest could not be exercised. Without the protecting arm of the law workingmen would be driven to seven day's work for six day's pay, as was illustrated at the World's Fair where the weekly wages of the employes were not increased when the gates were opened on Sunday. Without the protecting arm of the law restraining the gen-eral public from reckless desecration of the day the Christian would be prevented by his neighbors from enjoying his one day of rest in seven. Tire right to one day of rest in seven can only be secured by the protecting arm of the law, and all classes of men have a right to this protection. This question has raised considerable discussion in regard to how such legislation can be enacted and enforced so as not to interfere with the rights of persons who conscientiously regard some other day of the week as their day of rest. There have been, unquestionably, under our present laws, which are usually scandalously lax, cases of shame-ful persecution for principle's sake; men who with- 