OCTOBER 24, 1895. AlVilkilLTICA.N. 331 and the OldŠthe nucleus of the devotion to the mother of the blessed Virgin. Of course the Roman Catholic reader will discern nothing amiss in this paragraph, but it will sound strange to Protestant ears; for here we discover that objectionable doctrine, the worship of saints, disguised, it is true, under the expression " devotion to;" but it is worship none the less truly. It will be observed that, according to the Catholic World, prayer was offered to St. Ann, and was heard by her upon the ocean, while at the same moment at Auray, in Brittany, pilgrims were offering up their supplications to her; so that we have in this paragraph, not only saint worship, but here is also omni- presence, or at least omniscience attributed to St. Ann. And to-day the new shrine at Beaupr6, Canada, is frequented by tens of thousands annually, while other tens of thou-sands are praying to the same saint in distant Brittany, and St. Ann, two thousand years dead, is supposed to hear them all! The Scriptures forbid intercourse with the dead. " And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that chirp and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God ? on behalf of the living should they seek unto the dead ? "6  The reason for this commandment is evi-dent: "Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve." To seek unto the dead is to put them in the place of God. The Scriptures declare that " there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus," " but saint worship makes many mediators between God and man. Moreover, the Scriptures declare that the dead " know not anything; " that " his sons come to honor, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low, but he perceiveth it not of them." " " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish." " And again: " For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not anything, neither have they any more a re-ward; for the memory of them is forgotten. Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy, is now perished; neither have they any more a portion for ever in anything that is done under the sun." " Saint worship, or prayers to the saints, is therefore diametrically opposed to the teach-ing of the Word of God, and as Roman Cath-olic miracles foster superstition and idolatry and destroy faith in the Scriptures, they can be regarded only as part and parcel of the working of Satan by which he hopes to deceive the whole world to its destruction. Ł PUBLIC SENTIMENT AND PERSECUTION. IT 18 a common idea, but altogether an er-roneous one, that persecution cannot exist unless there is public sentiment to support it. The truth is that rarely, if ever, has public sentiment been on the side of persecution. All that is necessary to persecution is a law which, either designedly or accidentally, af-fords it legal sanction, and a. few bigots to take advantage of the opportunity. Thomas Jefferson recognized this truth when he said, "A single zealot may commence per-secution, and better men be his victims."* The fact that the " law of the land " sanc-tions what is done, entirely outweighs in its practical effect the public sentiment which does not sanction it, unless that sentiment be strong enough to defy the law and prevent its execution. But this is rarely the case, for public sentiment hesitates to rise up against " the law of the land," and so long as their own personal interests are not touched, most people are comparatively indifferent to the wrongs they may see around them. " What is everybody's business is nobody's business;" and in this impotence of the opposing senti-ment (which is often not even expressed) the bigot finds his opportunity. It matters not either that the law was not aimed, in the minds of its framers, at any person's religious rights. Just as with a gun when it is discharged, the important question is not what is aimed at, but what is hit; and when somebody is hit who was not aimed at, he derives neither consolation nor relief from the fact that the bullet was intended for a different mark. It is a fact that when a religious dogma or institution is given legal support, however innocent the motive which prompts it, a blow is struck at the rights of all those whom the law affects; for no person can enjoy the lib-erty which God has given in respect to reli-gious observances, and still be bound by a law which prescribes what his attitude shall be toward anything pertaining thereto. And when he yields in one point of such observ-ances, he yields the principle upon which rests the whole structure of his rights and liberties. CHRISTIANITY AND THE SWORD. THE spirit that seeks in this country to force religious dogmas and institutions upon people by the power of the " law," has its counterpart abroad in the spirit that calls for the sword of " the powers that be" to put down heathen opposition to Christian mis-sions. An example of the latter is furnished by a letter from the Rev. Mr. Fulton, an American missionary in China, printed re- cently and approved in the Evangelist, New York. In it, speaking of the late massacre of missionaries by the Chinese, he says:Š There is but a single remedy, if this Mnnchau rule is to continue, and that is to demand that henceforth foreigners shall have unrestricted right of residence in every foot of Chinese territory, and that the local authorities and high officials shall be held personally responsible for the life of every foreigner residing within the bounds of their jurisdiction. Nothing short of this will meet the pressing needs of the case. The decapitation of a dozen or more of low criminals will be gladly granted by China, as a very cheap way of allaying the anger of England and America, but this will no more settle the matter than the amputa-tion of an arm will cure leprosy. We must strike at the root, not at the. branch. If this demand is not enforced, there is no assured hope for foreigners in China. Elsewhere in his letter, says the Nation, the missionary " reviles the Chinese government in unmeasured terms." That journal com-ments upon the imprudence of this and sim-ilar letters written by the missionaries and published in England and America, and adds: " Imagine a handful of Buddhist missionaries in our own country reviling the government, calling for vengeance on their opponents, de-manding foreign intervention on their behalf that they might ram their doctrines down our throats at the point of the bayonet, and some idea may be had of the way our performances must strike the Chinese." The truth which sadly needs to be em-phasized, both in that country and this, is that the arm of the secular power cannot be properly invoked in the defense and further- ance of Christian work. Christianity can never make headway against its foes by the  aid of carnal weapons. The one weapon upon which those under its banner must rely to cut their way through all opposition is " the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." And this is a far more powerful weapon than any that can be furnished from the arsenals of the world. The spectacle of Christian missionaries call-ing for a bloody punishment upon their per-secutors, and relying upon the bullets and bayonets of their own " Christian " nations to back them up in their work, is a sad indi-cation of the modern degeneracy of Christian effort, under the influence of that spirit which is seeking, both at home and abroad, an alli-ance with the State. THE SPIRIT OF SATAN. IT is a significant fact that in the closing decade of the nineteenth centuryŠthe boasted era of cizilizationŠthe world is witnessing a revival of superstition, intolerance and bar-barism. There is a decided trend toward the the-ories and practices of the Dark Ages. We have in this country a practical illustration of this in the widespread crusade in behalf of more stringent Sunday legislation, and a stricter enforcement of Sunday " laws" al-ready on the statute books. The same disposition is manifested in like manner in other countries; and in Austria the same trend is seen still more clearly in the attitude of the government toward the Jews. It is stated that one of the leaders of this movement in Vienna, one of the chief magistrates of the city, has secured a majority of two-thirds of the city council in favor of the anti-Semitic policy. " The program of the party," remarks an exchange, " has a genuine medival frankness and brutality. It proposes, according to report, not only to keep Jews out of municipal service, but to oust those who are already in that service; to prohibit them from making any contracts with the munici-pal government, and to abrogate all such con-tracts now in existence; and to exclude Jewish children from the public schools." But Austrian intolerance has not exhausted itself upon the Jews. It is proposed also to exclude Protestant teachers from the schools, and to entrust the work of education to the Roman Catholic clergy. It is believed that this policy is inspired directly from Rome. This same spirit that, as before intimated, imprisons men in this country for exercising their God-given right not to observe Sunday, is closely akin to the spirit which, breaking out in mob violence, inflicts torture that would shame savages. 'The daily papers have recently published stories of horrible cruelty scarcely surpassed even in the Dark Ages. Within a week, two men have suffered in this country at the hands of mobs, not simply death, but horrible torture and mutilation. One poor wretch was taken to a railroad track, where his fingers were laid upon the rails and one by one mashed into a shapeless mass by blows of a hammer, after which he was shot to death, or as the papers expressed it, " was filled full of lead." Another man, for a similar offense, was taken to the scene of his crime, and his ears were cut off, and then his fingers and thumbs, one at a time, after which he was hung. That the crimes for which these men suf-fered, excite the wrath of the people, is not strange; and were their executioners content with depriving them of life, it would perhaps not occasion surprise, though even that could by no means be justified; but the infliction of such torture is ominous. It indicates a men-tal and moral condition that is abnormal; as Isa. 8: 19, (R. V.) 0 -Matt. 4: 10. 10 1 Tim. 2: 5. " Job 14: 21. . la Ps. 146: 3, 4.' 13  Eccl. 9: 5, 6. * " Notes on Virginia," query 17. 