Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas y'efTerson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 18, 1889. NUMBER 47. .7'12e Arf2eFical2 ger2tNel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUELISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BoNO ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND. CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALoiczo T. JONES. Please send all orders for the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL to owr New York Office. Subscriptions can com-mence with the First Number in January, 1890.Remember the Address, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. THOSE enthusiasts who are most given to rant-ing about the necessity of indicating in the Con-stitution that We are a Christian nation, generally manifest the least' degree of the spirit of Chris-tianity. The very necessity of so expressing it, in order to show the fact, is' the best evidence that thd assumption is false. Ł  Ir was confidently stated some days sincethat the stability of the republic of Brazil was assured, because the papal benediction had been bestowed upon it. From one standpoint this would seem to, be a favorable circumstance for the neW gevernment; and yet it is doubtful the long run, the friendship of a power which never ceases to intrigue for political supremacy is really the best thing for any State. Should the Jesuits decide to take a hand in Brazilian politics, as they undoubtedly will, they will be a destructive element, as they are in Mexico, and as they-have long been in other South American republics, as well as in the monarchies of Europe. Ecuador has long enjoyed the papal benediction, and the condition of that country proves that more than the -favor of the Papacy is essential to good and stable government. Ł  THE republic of Mexico is an example show-ing how mischievous is a union of Church and State. The president of that government has recently issued a circular calling attention to the fact that the Church and State are independent of each other, and that no laws can be dictated -either favoring or prohibiting a religion; but, strange as it may seem, the State forbids the es-tablishment or maintenance of monastic orders. The ..reason is. not far to seek. It, is because these-  communities are hot-beds of revolution. In Mexico, as:elsewhere, the Romish Church is loth to relinquish the pewer'which it once held. 'Hence, in Self-defense, it is necessary for the government to prohibit monastic orders, and so it appears that Church and State, like any other malignant growth, is exceedingly hard to _cure: There the knife has been repeatedly applied to the cancer,, and yet- its roots remain. Morality.in the Public Schools. UPON the question as to whether morality should be taught in the public schools, we should suggest that it would be well for those who de-mand it, to agree upon what morality really is, what is its basis, and what are its sanctions. If this should not be clearly discerned and, taught, even granting that' it is the province of the State to teach morality, it is certain that the teaching would be no better than that which is now given in the public schools, and the probabilities are, that it would be much worse. It is also cer-tain that those who favor teaching morality in the public schools cannot agree upon what mo-rality is, nor upon what are the grounds of moral responsibility. This question was studied " thor-oughly and practically" for four years by the Evangelical Ministers' Association of Boston. "In 1882 an able committee of that body, com-posed of representative men of all denominations, was appointed for the purpose of preparing a book of morals for the public schools." Two of that committee were Drs. Joseph T. Duryea and Edward Everett Hale. The result of the four years' study upon the question by this committee was expressed by Dr. Duryea in 1885, in a letter to the chairman of a committee in New York ap-pointed to consider the same subject. The fol-lowing is the material part of the letter:Š " 32 UNION PARK, Boston, Dec. 5, 18 '5. "MY DEAR SIR: The committee appointed to con-sider the matter of a book of morals for the 'public schools, have been trying faithfully to find out what can be done. Difficulties have been met and not overcome. We are trying to evade them. . The desire was for a graded series. This would in-volve a book worthy to go into the high schools. This could hardly omit reference to the grounds of moral responsibility. The committee have seriously doubted the wisdom of debating the basis of moral choice and action before youth. To show them that apparently good men 'differ concerning the very foun-dation of morality, might be harmful before they are developed and informed sufficiently to' understand - how there can be differences as to theories,'and yet substantial agreement as to practical morality. " I think, now, the tendency is to admit that it is better to address the moral intuitions, and not to the-'orize about them ; also to treat moral matters as they come up in the life of the pupils, and their associa-tions in the school and on the play-ground. " But has been deemed practicable to prepare a book, or a series of books, after the pattern of the Book of Golden Deeds,' prepared for youth in En-gland. "The moral affections and sentiments might be-ex-hibited in expression, and moral principles might be embodied in characters, and concretely presented in deeds. An outline including all the virtues, and inci-dents under each of them, might be selected. Also deeds might be presented involving all the moral rules drawn out of the root principles of morality! " This is as far as we have been able to go, with expeetatiOn of meeting with general approval, and securing the admission of the book or books. "Yours truly, JOSEPH T, DURYEA." This is an interesting letter, and, coining as it does as the result of years of special study on the subject by such men, its statements are of more than common importance. First, difficulties have been met and not over-come, and they are difficulties of such a nature as, from the circumstances of the case, to seem in-surmountable, because instead of battling with thein with a real endeavor to overcome them the committee tried to evade them. But upon such a question; to evade the difficulty is not to escape it, for it is still there and there it remains. This statement simply reveals in a more forcible way than is usually done, the fact that upon the ques-tion of the Bible or religion or morality in the public schools, there are difficulties which cannot be overcome with justice to all. Of course we use the word morality in the genuine- sense of the word, as meaning much more than civility. Second, the committee could not insert into a book for the public school any reference to "the grounds of moral responsibility," because that is an unsettled question even among those who were,  to compile the book; and because the wisdom of debating before youth the question of what is -the basis of moral choice and' action is seriously to be doubted; and, further, because it might be harmful for the youth in school to discover that the very reasons why they should choose, and act, a cer-tain way in a given case, was an unsettled ques-tion amongst college gradUates and doctors of divinity. These reasons certainly ought to be sufficient to put a check upon the effort of any such com-mittee. They ought also to be sufficient to put a damper upon the zeal of very many who are now so ardently in fairer of forcing this question to an issue in the management of the public school. Because when men of mature and trained minds, graduates of the best colleges and the highest universities, and of theological seminaries, and who, of all men, are most intimately and con-stantly assoc'ated with the consideration of this very question in all its phases,Šwhen these can-not agree upon what is the ground of moral re-sponsibility, or the basis of moral choice and ac-tion,it certainly would be perfect folly to demand that school-children should decide the question.. The committee did well to say it might be harinfull the committee might have gone farther and said not only that it might be harmful, but that it could not be anything else than harmful. It would be a downright imposition as well. Yet it was not exactly this phase of the ques-tion that the committee referred to when it said it might be harmful. It was the fact that the chil dren would discover "that apparently good men differ concerning the very foundation of morality," and .would thus be led to doubt whether there is any real foundation for morality, and consequentry.  