54 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ish as could be imagined. It is as if we should say that an architect in drawing the plans of .a building meant to incorpo-rate a subterranean dungeon in the specifi-cations because no provisions were made for an open court, or for light in the centre of the building. It would do no good to recognize the Deity in the Consti-tution. The people would believe him no more, nor would they honor him more in the national and individual life, nor would he be pleased with allusions to him, when respect for his authority would be no greater with than without them. God knows the heart and temper of nations, and it is not necessary to tell him how they regard him, nor in what esteem they hold him. It is safe to say that the peo-ple of this Nation care less for the Al-mighty than they do for themselves. They spend more money in the service of the devil than they do in his service. When the people spend $1,500,000,000 for whisky and tobacco and but $100,000,000 or less for education and the Christian religion, it is a poor thing to begin to make complimentary mention of the Deity in any such public way. As long as this Nation has such little practical faith in God it had best wait a while before it begins to parade its faith in him before the world. The Pharisees professed to have great respect for the God of their fathers, but in their daily lives they denied him. We want no national Phariseeism. There is too much in private.ŠFresno Inquirer. Sunday Closing in Denver. SOMETIME ago, the city government of Denver, Colorado, passed a Sunday-closing ordinance, similar to that which has re-cently been enacted in Los Angeles, and Santa Barbara, and to that which is asked for here. At first, and for a time, there was a show of enforcing the ordinance in Denver; but now, according to the state-ments of the local press, the law is " a dead letter." It will doubtless be so in this State. The Sunday-closing ordinance will probably not long be enforced in Los Angeles, and Santa Barbara, and it- would not be here, should it be passed. It would speedily fall into the same condition as the State Sunday law, for years before its repealŠcompletely inoperative and thor-oughly ignored. As the Colorado Graphic says : " No Sunday law was ever enforced thoroughly and permanently." Especially must this be the case in a country where Church and State are en-tirely separate, and the civil Government is pledged to protect all religions alike and favor none. Those who observe the sev-enth da,y (Saturday) as the Sabbath, have the same right-to governmental recognition and protection . as those who observe the first day of the week as their religious rest day. Jews and Christians stand equal,  before the law. The pretense that the Sunday-closing law is asked for simply in the interest of temperance, good health, and the public peace and welfare, and not that of a relig-ious dogma, is a very false and shallow one. It deceives nobody. Laws enforcing pub-lic order and hygienic conditions are as necessary one day of the week as another. Temperance and cleanliness are no more desirable on Sunday than on Monday or Tuesday. It is only 'a peculiar phase of religious belief that would distinguish Sunday above the other days of the week. Whatever church drill and partisan zeal may be able to accomplish in the way of legal' enactments enforcing Sunday ob-servance, the good sense and free spirit of the people will render them null and void. ŠOakland, California, Times. In a Nutshell. EIGHT REASONS WHY A CHRISTIAN SHOULD FOREVER STAND OPPOSED TO THE SCHEMES OF THE NATIONAL REFORMERS. 1. THEIR schemes call upon men to do that which is in direct violation of the words of our Lord, where he says : "Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." And there is not a man among them that would be willing to put himself in the other man's shoes, and take the consequences, if their plans win. 2. It is taking the sword of the civil power, and Christ has said, " All they that take the sword, shall perish with the sword." And in appealing to the civil power, they virtually acknowledge that they have lost the power of the Spirit of God in their work. 3. Their position is that " the kingdom of Christ is through the gateway of pol-itics." Now this flatly contradicts the words of Christ. He says, " My kingdom is not of this world." 4. It exalts the power of the State above the power of God, and this is directly in opposition to the teaching of the good book that says, " Fear God and keep his com-mandments, for this is the whole duty of man." Eccl. 12:13. And the Apostle Peter, when brought before the civil au-thorities, made answer, " We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5 : 29.- 5.. They are looking for, and expecting, a theocracy to be established here, and they are working to that end. A- theoc-racy is where God is his own law maker, and appoints his own law administrators. This is again- in direct opposition to the words of the prophet. There never was but one theocracy in this world, and that was the theocracy of Israel. And when that theocracy was overthrown by the kingdom of Babylon, God said : ."I will overturn, overturn, overturn it : and it shall be no more until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." Ezek. 21 : 27. So there never will be another  theocracy until Christ comes to claim his Own. 6. The gospel of our Lord is a gospel of love, and not of force. It persuades; it entreats; it says, come. It was founded-in love ; it has been carried forward in love. And it can never be carried forward by any other plan. Every experiment of the past, in the direction of force, has been a failure, as it ought to be. It has always manifested the spirit that has been in opposition to the spirit of the Saviour, bringing out some of the darkest passions of the human heart. It always will do the same. 7. The credentials for the propagation of the gospel were given to the Church, and to the Church alone. They were never given to the civil power; and any effort to bring about a change in this mat-ter, is but a plan to effect a change in the plan of Heaven. Such an effort must have the disapprobation of Heaven, and will result in defeat and disaster to all who give their influence in its favor, as it ought to. 8. Christ once said : "Neither cast ye your pearls before swine." There is no pearl so great as the " pearl of great price; " and this effort will result in nothing else than to bring the religion of the Bible, and the discussion of Bible truths into the realm of politics. This will be lowering the standard of Christianity, and bringing the gospel before those who will not ap- preciate it. H. F. PHELPS. ANIMAD.VERTING upon the King case, the details of which are well known to our readers, that excellent paper, the Colorado Graphic says :Š " Can you believe it, that in this enlight-ened age, and in the United States 'of America, a country founded on religious liberty, a fellow-citizen may be sent to jail, and kept there, for working on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, when he believes with thousands of others that he should rest on the seventh day of the week ? There is a law on the statute books of Tennessee which makes it an offense punishable by im-prisonment, for man or woman to labor on the first day of the week. . . . " Here the State dictates to the Advent-ist, the Seventh-day Baptist, the Jew, and the Agnostic, and compels him to worship according to civil law, his honest belief to the contrary notwithstanding. The Graphic is an earnest advocate for relig-ious, as well as for personal, liberty, and for this honest cause raises its voice against every attempt made to ecclesiasti-cise any day in the week, for or against any hobby, on the principle that one step beyond the line of equal rights means the destruction of all restraint, and the final overthrow of both Church and State and the substitution of anarchy instead," 