JUNE 21, 1894. lEtIl "IP1fN1bALA. 195 the Christian truth of the real presence of Christ. The Christian truth of the real presence of Christ converts the soul of the believer : the papal dogma pretends to convert the bread and wine. The Christian truth of the real presence of Christ believed, makes man subject to God in everything : the papal dogma makes God subject to man in everything. The preaching of the Christian truth of the real presence of Christ in the believer, is the revelation of the mystery of God : the preaching of the papal dogma of the real presence is the proclamation of the mystery of iniquity. The Christian truth of the real presence of Christ is the sum of the mystery of God; the papal dogma of the real presence is the sum of the mystery of iniquity. The Right of Man to Work. THERE is a great deal of talk nowadays about " labor legislation," " labor organ-ization," "labor strikes," etc. At the present time there is a great turmoil among the " laboring " classes. The trouble is, however, not caused wholly by those who work, but by some who refuse to work, and who undertake to restrain others from doing the work which they themselves will not do at the wages offered. While there is just cause for complaint against those that " oppress the hireling in his wages," yet the methods often em-ployed by those who are oppressed, are wrong. On this point the Chicago Herald, of May 29, says:Š Out of the events which mark each strike period some new and valuable lessons of wisdom must be learned. The most valuable lesson is to the effect that it is as cruel and criminal a wrong to prevent a man from working who wants to work, and to whom work is furnished, as it is to compel him to work when he is unable, or, from good causes, is unwilling to work. The New York Observer, of June 7, ex-presses a similar sentiment, thus :Š In this country freedom of labor is an article of faith ; and while the public wishes workmen well if they want to strike, it takes quite a different attitude when they attempt to force other workmen to be idle. It regards the right of every man to work at such work as lie can get and at such wages as he will accept as inviolable, and when that right is interfered with, it is ready to oppose force to maintain it. The Herald and the Observer are ex-actly right. And this is just what the SENTINEL has always claimed; "that it is as cruel and criminal a wrong to prevent a man from working [on Sunday or on any day] who wants to work, as it is to compel him to work [on Saturday or on any day] when, from good causes, he is unwilling to work." This correct principle, logically followed out, would blot every Sunday law in the world from the statute books, and from " common law," too. Again: "One laborer, or a class of la-borers, has no right to say that another laborer, or class, shall not work." Yet, in violation of this true principle, repeatedly in Arkansas, Tennessee, Maryland, and other States, " one laborer "Šsometimes a farmer, sometimes a civil officer, and sometimes, be it said with shame, a min-ister of the gospel(?)Šhas, through the Sunday law of his state, which is nothing else than a " labor " law, for it " prevents labor" on the part of those who desire to labor,Šdeprived his neighbor .of the priv-ilege of laboring on the first day of the week, or even on all days of the week, by putting him under lock and key. Like-wise by the formation of "vigilance com-mittees" and the organization of " leagues " under various namesŠusually a misnomer  Šthus constituting a " class of laborers," as they have the same object in view, the same ends have been accomplished. Furthermore, they not only said that other laborers simply should not work when they chose, but almost invariably directed their efforts against a certain " class of laborers "Šthose keeping the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. The Herald says, "Any coercion by moral or physical force to compel a man to quit work is slavery." And yet only a few days ago (May 30) the nation spent a whole day in honor of those, a large part of whose work was to abolish slavery from the land. Again, these "labor strikers "Šin prin-ciple if not in nameŠnot being satisfied with preventing their " non-unionist " fellow-men from labor, delved into the musty archives of their State and resur-rected some obsolete decisions by which they concluded that the county jail was the county workhouse, and succeeded in compelling the very men they had had imprisoned for laboring, to go out in the chain-gang into the public streets and labor. Concerning such acts the Herald says, " Compelling a man to work by any coercionŠby a court order or by a task-master's lashŠis slavery." So it is slavery heaped upon slaveryŠa condition worse than that previous to the war, the recovery from which latter has just been celebrated with national honors. Which is wisdom: to rescue from ruin, or to foresee and pre-vent the causes which lead to ruin; pre-vention or cure ? Finally, " freedom to work or to quit workŠthe divine right of a man to work, if he wants to work and can get work, and the equally divine right to refuse to work if he is unwilling to workŠmust be acknowledged as the first principle in any settlement of the immense and important question " of whether a man shall be com-pelled to work or to refrain from work on Sunday or on any day. W. E. HOWELL. The Pope as an Arbitrator. APROPOS of an article in these columns some weeks ago on " The Pope as Inter-national Arbitrator," is the following from the European edition of the New York Herald:Š RomE, May 19, 1894.ŠA copy of the World's Co-lumbian Exposition Memorial for International Arbi-tration has been sent by Mr. W. E. Blackstone to the holy father, who is very much pleased with it, and has expressed his satisfaction at this new effort to maintain and consolidate peace among nations. The Civilta Cattolica to be published to-day contains on this subject an important article by Father Brandi, one of the most talented and best known ecclesiastical writers. The article is supposed to give the Vatican ideas about arbitration. It begins by showing the ex-ceptional inportance of the memorial, which was not presented to a peace Congress or to a special Parlia-ment, but to all the governments of the world, and was sent by the United States through their diplomatic representatives. RIGHT VS MIGHT, Then passing on to discuss on what basis interna-tional arbitration might be conducted, it proposes that this basis should be not merely one of utility, which is movable and variable, but of law, the moral strength of which is invariable and universal. But the law of right must replace the anarchy of principles now reigning among many people, which anarchy has to be corrected by the schools and the press. Without this there would be no unity of view and consequently no unity of will, so that any effort to bring about inter-national arbitration would resolve itself into the sim-ple expression of a wish. HOW TO FORM THE TRIBUNAL. One of the greatest difficulties of the whole question is to decide in what way the supreme tribunal of arbi-tration should be formed. After showing that instead  of nominating this tribunal on every occasion it would be better to have it sit in permanence and in a neutral land, the Civilta Cattolica asks :Š" But who enjoys such universal confidence as to be chosen arbitrator Is there a man whose qualities may inspire such a confidence?" `Yes, there is," is the answer, "he is the pope. The Civilta Cattolica then tries to prove this asser-tion by historical examples and by the unique position of the pontiff. The persistency with which this idea is be-ing kept before the world is highly signifi-cant. Indeed the whole present policy of the papacy is in line with the suggestion, and shows as clearly as possible that to attain this position of influence and power is the settled purpose of the pope, and that in this the whole hierarchy is one with him. -0- A Satanic Revival. THE New York Sun, of June 13, con-tains the following paragraphs of tele-graphic news ORANGE, N. J., June 12.ŠSince the revival of the Blue Laws, Millburn has been an unusually quiet village on Sunday. To all appearances their is no liquor sold, and persons who fail to get their cigars and similar luxuries on Saturday are obliged to resort to strategy to purchase them on Sunday. It is ru-mored that an attempt may be made to prohibit bicycle riding and carriage driving on Sunday. Donate Russo, the owner of the fruit and confectionery store on Millburn Avenue, who was arrested four times on Sun-day, May 28, for conducting business on that day, after being warned by the police to close his place, caused surprise in the township yesterday by entering a complaint before Justice Dean of Newark, against Oliver Bonnell and Jacob Waetcher, butchers, and John Pullman and F. Livingstone, barbers, whom Russo charged with conducting business on Sunday last. Bonnell and Waetcher appeared before Justice Dean, who fined each 82 and costs, and warned them not to open their stores on Sundays. The matter is the chief topic of conversation in the village, and many opin-ions are expressed regarding the outcome of the Town-ship Committee's expressed intention of causing the discontinuance of " unnecessary business " on Sunday. The committee had allowed the butchers to conduct their bnsiness until 8 A. M. on Sundays, and found no fault with barbers attending to their professional duties, although they warned the latter not to offer cigars and tobacco for sale. CHICAGO, June 10. Š The city council last night voted to stop merchandising on Sunday. Only the signature of Mayor Hopkins and the enforcement of the measure by the Police Department are necessary to secure for the Sunday Rest Association and for the bodies of organized labor in Chicago the essential points for which they have been contendting. In substance the ordinance provides that:Š "No person, firm company, or corporation, either as principal, agent, officer, employe, clerk, servant or workman, shall keep open for business within the city of Chicago any store or place for the purpose of selling or exposing for sale or selling any clothes, dry goods, hats, caps, furnishing goods, jewelry, boots, shoes, hardware, furniture, meats, or groceries, or any one or more of said articles, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; also that no bar-ber shop shall be allowed to remain open and do busi-ness after 10 o'clock Sunday morning." The ordinance allows the sale of meats and groceries up to 10 o'clock on Sunday mornings during the months of June, July, August and September. Such paragraphs as these, now so fre-quently to be found in the public prints, mark the startling advancement of the iniquity of prosecution for the enforce-ment of antiquated religious laws, and the increasing success of the persistent move-ment to secure more religious laws, of greater stringency, both national, State, and municipal. If it were possible to ob-tain accurate statistics of legislation on religious subjects, and enforcement of re-ligious laws, in all the world, for the last five years, the evidence of the surprising growth of this wickedness in the name of religion would shock every true Chris-tian, and alarm every intelligent citizen, not only in this country, but throughout the world. It is not in the United States alone that this strange revival of m.ediassvalisin ha* 