464 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JULY 27, 1899. WE print this week the first of sev-eral articles on "Manifest Destiny," and the "Inexorable Logic of Events," by Mr. John D. Bradley. You will not miss them if you are anxious to read something that is timely. Begin the first one, and you will finish the last. IN this week's SENTINEL we intro-duce for the first time a new depart-ment of "Notes from the Field," to be filled up with items of news from our friends in all parts of the country. We design this to be a permanent ad-dition to the SENTINEL, and expect it to be one of the most interesting departments in the paper. It will report little "straws" and incidental happenings, but what happens inci-dentally often shows the real animus of a movement better than anything else. We invite all our readers to help keep this department filled. DON'T fail to read the article in this issue from the pen of Rebecca Hard-ing Davis, on the nature of the war spirit. This well-known writer shows up in a very entertaining way some very ugly spots on the face of the great god Mars, whom the nation now seems so much inclined to wor-ship. THE trial of Eld. R. S. Owen, Sev-enth-day Adventist minister, of Hat Ł ley, Miss., for breaking Sunday by doing work in his garden, was held at Amory, Miss., July 19. The case was tried by jury, and the result was a verdict of acquittal. A correspondent at Hatley sends us the following particulars:Š "Four men testified to seeing Elder Owen hoeing in his garden on Sunday, the 14th day of May.  After the State had finished its case, Elder Owen called two of his neigh-bors to testify to his generally good citizenship, and then proceeded to make a statement of his case, and to discuss the principles involved in Sunday legislation. He presented it from the standpoint of Scripture and constitutional law, and attorneys present were of the opinion that he made an excellent presentation. It is evident the jury were of the same opinion, for they were out for delib-eration only a few moments when they returned with a verdict of Not Guilty. One of the jurors, when he was called to account by the friends of the prosecution, stated that he could not vote to sustain a law that is in conflict with the law of God. It was understood that the jury was unanimous in their decision. "This seems almost mysterious in view of the strong feeling existing in the community against Sunday labor by the Adventists. The ver-dict was something of a surprise even to the brethren, and the only solution of it is that the Lord ruled in the selection of the jury, and men were chosen who had read the litera-ture that had been given out to the people of the county, and were also impressed with the truthfulness of the defense made by Brother Owen." While Mr. Owen's trial was in pro-gress, an officer was sent to arrest another Seventh-day. Christian, Mr. Josiah Nash, whose brother, Mr. Robert Nash, was twice arrested for doing Sunday work in that district some years ago. Mr. Nash's case was set for trial July 21. We have not yet learned the result. To quote the words of our correspondent, "There is no telling where these prosecutions will end." We have not yet heard from the cases of Mr. Waters and Mr. Eaton. 1-ot  AN imperialist journal in this city which had been foremost in asserting that the speeches made in this coun-try in defense of American principles of government were theŁcause of the "rebellion" in the Philippines, now comes out with the statement that "there can hardly be a doubt that it was the arrogant incapacity of Otis that actually brought on the war."  This is because the press correspond-ents at Manila had united in for-warding to this country the state-ment that "the people of the United States have not received a correct impression of the situation in the Philippines," and that bad news had been suppressed by Gen. Otis because such facts "would alarm the people at home." Everything has not gone in the Philippines as the imperialists fondly anticipated, and they have made Gen. Otis the scapegoat. The real scapegoat is not theperson sent to carry out the policy in that coun-try, but the policy itself. YESTERDAY, July 22, a baseball player in Jersey City, while taking part in a game was struck dead by lightning. If this had happened one day later, it would have been very significant in the eyes of some good people; but our conclusions must be adjusted to the fact that providence never makes a mistake in the date. A JOURNAL in this city which vig-orously upholds the national policy in the Philippines, in referring to England's present attitude in the Alaska controversy, indulges in the folio wing:Š "England can engage in much more profitable business than at-tempting to reverse the currents of destiny. Since it is inevitable that all America, North and South, will eventually form a part of the United States, why should Great Britain invite trouble in the foolish hope of adding a few square miles to her temporary holdings on this conti-nent?" This is imperialism unmasked. It purposes to absorb everything on this hemisphere, and this at the cost of driving out Great Britain, which power holds quite as much land here as does .the United States. As cer-tainly as this country continues its imperialistic career it will come sooner or later into conflict with Great Britain; and a fearful- world wide calamity will be the result. 