294 Amn-nrCAN ginINT'INTnn, VoL. 8, No. 8f. "intemperance, Sabbath breaking, swear-ing," etc., proceeds as follows:Š The Society are desirous of calling the attention of their fellow Łcitizens more particularly to the aforesaid vices, not only because they are deemed amongst the most criminal and destructive, but also because they are more generally permitted to pass with impunity than many others of a less malignant character. At the same time it is con-fidently believed that there is a sufficient amount of moral influence in the community, if combined and vigorously directed, to afford an effectual cor-rective. We would suggest the importance of forming similar associations in every part of our country. Some have been recently formed in this county, and the good effects are already visible. Can any one doubt the right or question the pro-priety of such associations ? Is it not the indispen-sable duty of every member of society to promote its welfare, and prevent, according to his ability, everything which would be destructive of its inter-ests and prosperity ? It then goes on to speak of the increase of immorality, and among other things mentions the fact that while in 1802 there were only fifty-five taverns in Washing-ton County, there were then one hundred and fifteen, a ratio of increase much greater than that of the population. Under the influence of these moral so-cieties, established throughout the county, a strict watch was at once set over the behavior of every individual ; local laws were passed in reference to the vices named, and the magistrates were stimu-lated to a rigid enforcement of them. The societies were, indeed, in their incep-tion, simply organized bands of informers, though, emboldened by the submission of the people, their members soon began to make arrests without civil process or legal authority. As they pursued their voca-tion with enterprising zeal, many viola-tions of the laws were detected and exposed, and every member of the com-munity soon found himself to be under a sort of inquisitorial scrutiny that was as strict as it was novel, and as distasteful to the feelings of many true friends of morality as it was incompatible with the spirit of republican freedom. For a con-siderable time, however, the moral socie-ties had everything their own way. Mur-murs and complaints indeed there were, but no one had the hardihood to oppose, publicly, proceedings which were profes-sedly in the interest of morality, and which, in many instances, no doubt se-cured the outward observance of its rules. No one that had the least regard for his popularity would venture to oppose the strict enforcement of the laws; and al-though many were sensible that there was certainly an undue exercise of power, or some false principle involved in such pro-ceedings, there seemed to be no one capa-ble of detecting it, or willing to bring down upon himself the odium of the clergy and of the dominant religious party. Nevertheless, the burden imposed upon the people seemed to grow heavier the longer it was borne, and a good deal of discontent began to manifest itself. Those who had been fined through the moral societies began to scrutinize more closely the conduct of the members composing them, and in many cases soon found that these self-constituted custodians of the public morals were themselves guilty of offenses similar to those which they con-demned in others. The nature and opera-tion of these societies, as well as the piety and consistency of their members, will, however, be betterŁ understood by a recital of actual occurrences. On one occasion, a Mr. Martin, near Washington, had employed a teamster to convey some produce for him to Pittsburg.  Returning on Saturday, they were unable to make the whole distance, and were obliged to put up for the night within a: short distance of Cannonsburg. Setting out early next morning, on their way homeward, on entering the borough of Cannonsburg, they were at once stopped and informed that they would not be per-mitted to travel on the " Sabbath." At once acquiescing, they put up the horses, and remained at the hotel until the next morning after breakfast, when they again set out. After leaving the village, they were overtaken by the constable, who demanded of the wagoner the fine for travelling on the " Sabbath." This the wagoner refused to pay, and, after some altercation, it appeared that the constable had not with him any writ to enable him to make an arrest. He then said he would go back to town for it, and would over-take him before he got to Washington. As soon as he was gone, the wagoner got a friend on the way to drive the wagon for him, and disappeared. When the constable overtook the team at Washing-ton, he was greatly enraged at being thus baffled, and making considerable noise, a crowd collected and began to dispute with him as to his ability to collect the fine under the circumstances. He insisted that he could and would collect it; and as he became more and more excited, one of the bystanders said to another privately, " Suppose you banter the constable to bet ten dollars on the collection of this fine. I will then go and inform upon you both, and you will both be fined; and as half the fine goes to the informer, I will receive the full amount of your fine which I will hand over to you, so that you will lose nothing, and we shall have some sport." His friend agreed to this, and immediately proposed to bet with the constable, who, in the excitement of the moment, at once accepted the offer. " Now," said the originator of the, plot to him, " you have violated the law yourself, which is against betting as well as against Sabbath-break-ing : and it will be my duty to go and in-form upon you both." At this, the con-stable, finding. he was caught, became quite crestfallen, and knowing that he would lose his office and his popularity if the matter were made known, besought all present to say nothing about it, and promised if they would consent to this and come into the tavern, he would "treat them all around," and give up prosecuting the case against the wagoner; all of which was agreed to amidst great merriment. On another occasion, one of the mem-bers of the Moral Society at West Middle- town, David M. , returning from meeting on the " Sabbath day," noticed at Wilson's tavern, two and a half miles from town, a bucket belonging to him, which his teamster had forgotten there the day before. Taking up the bucket, he concluded to carry it home with him, and on the way was reminded by one of his friends that he was violating the law by carrying a burden on the "Sabbath day." Upon his return home the circum-stances naturally gave rise to serious re-flection on his part, and amongst his pious " Sabbath" musings, he considered how he should extricate himself from the di-lemma in which he had become involved, and which was likely to bring reproach upon his character as an orthodox and orderly member of the church. At length the happy thought occurred to him that if he would go and inform upon himself, such an instance of self-sacrifice, disinter- ested zeal and respect for principle, would not only clear his escutcheon from every stain, but elevate him even higher than before in the esteem of the faithful. This bright idea was accompaniedŠor, as some might be so uncharitable as to think, pre-ceded by another reflection of uncommon weight, which was, that as half the fine went to the informer, he would save two dollars by informing upon himself. Ac-cordingly, he at once resolved to do it, and going next morning to the magistrate at an early hour, lest any one should antici-pate him in the performance of what he felt was his peculiar duty, gave the infor mation in due form and tendered half the fine as a full, efficient expiation for the offense he had committed. The magis-trate, however, could not see the matter in that light, not being able to discover that the law had made any prevision for so extraordinary a case; and so, re-minding the pious culprit that the money went to support the preachers, compelled him to pay the whole fine. From such facts (and similar cases were not infrequent) the moral tendencies of the societies will be sufficiently evident. It will be also seen that they had not for their object to repress or punish crimes which men commit to the injury of others, and to which the attention of the civil magistrate had been heretofore confined; but that they took under their especial care those vices which affect individuals themselves, and of which the civil author-ity had not previously been accustomed to take cognizance, unless when, as some-times in the case of drunkenness, they caused a disturbance of the public peace. It will be further noticed that they at. tempted to engraft upon the civil code their peculiar religious views in regard to the " Sabbath," and to compel by law the whole community to submit to the Judaizing opinions which they had them-selves imbibed from their religious teachers. (To be continued.) " WE have before made mention," says an Oakland, California, paper, " of the Retail Clerks' Union of this city cele-brating their victory in securing the Sunday closing of the stores of their employers. But a ' Delegate to Fed-erated Trades,' in a communication to a local paper, announces it as a `Sunday victory.' All these local episodes of the Sunday-closing class are quickly seized upon to swell the Sunday wave that is sweeping the liberties of the people into the vortex of Church and State union. We have reached that point in the prog-ress of popular religious domination where civil and religious liberity is con-strued to apply only to those who believe in Sunday sacredness. And the federated trades having fallen into the current, so far as this county is concerned, the above-mentioned ' delegate ' calls down the boycott of the people upon the mer-chant who `has the temerity to defy the Federated Trades of Alameda County.' It is remarkable how promptly the spirit of perscution seizes upon men when they espouse the cause of enforced Sunday observance. This one fact should be enough to open the eyes of thinking peo-ple to the innate iniquity of the cause," BIGOTRY is a dangerous weed in the vineyard and will surely kill out the more tender plants.ŠSummerville News. 