736. AMERICAN SENTINEL. world is Rome, and Rome is in us if the world is there, and Rome crucified the Lord." "Yes, Aleck. That's easy to talk; but how is it to be done? Love of appearance, self-gratification and pride are as natural as the breath we breath." "True. That's why there is need of divine power to overcome. Christ overcame Rome because he had over-come the world. We shall do it the same way." "How? This looks a puzzle to me." "'This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.' It brings us back to our principle, Cecil. Give up self, yield, rely on God in simple trust, and as he works in you to will and to do, work out your own sal-vation with reverence, and with consciousness of your own weakness; but with implicit trust in heaven." F. E. B. 1. Ł 4 4 Studies in French History.-48. "I BELIEVE we were going to learn something to-day about Louis XIV," said Professor Carman. "Who can tell me how old or about how old he was when his father Louis XIII. died?" "I think he was only a little boy, but I can't tell his age," said Edna Philips. "Yes; he was a very little boy, only four years old, and yet he had to be brought in to the Parliament, and placed in a great large chair, and repeat the words that had been taught him. He begun his reign in 1643, and he had the remarkable privilege, if it can be so called, of reigning over his people for 72 years. The little king's father appointed a great council to look after af-fairs, but the king's mother at last managed to gain the control, and she took for her adviser a man named Car-dinal Mazarin. He was a very smooth spoken fellow, who seemed to want to please everybody." "He couldn't have been very much like Richelieu then," remarked Max Smith. "No, indeed; and the queenŠAnne of AustriaŠwas very much like her adviser, so they promised the people so many things which they could not or did not do for them, that it made a great deal of trouble. "In 1648, when little Louis XIV. was only nine years old, the River Rhine became the eastern boundary of France, and the provinces of Alsace and Lorraine were annexed to France. "Why, the River Rhine is in Germany now," said Charlie White. "Yes; but Alsace-Lorraine was conquered from France in the late war of 1870. Now, some of the people speak German and some French." "Was there war with Spain at this time, professor?" "0 yes, and there was for quite a period after this;  but the trouble which was in unhappy France itself, caused by the unreasonable taxes, was much greater than any outside trouble. The war expenses were enor-mous,land it all fell upon the poor people." "Why, I don't see what they did with all the money that Richelieu saved. You know you said he had left plenty of money in the French treasury at his death," said practical Jack. "I know I did. But although this was true, the money did not last long with Mazarin at the head. Fi-nally, because the people refused to endure the tax on the very food they ate, and were beginning to rise in open rebellion, Queen Anne, who had at first been so nice and kind, apparently to everybody, got angry and took the young king and his little brother and went down to St. Germain, where they exiled themselves for some time, while the people of Paris were having 'a very exciting ex-perience." "Rob and I spent about a day in that city," said Charlie White,Š"it's on the Seine, right east of Paris, about thirteen miles." "Meanwhile, all these troubles culminated in a civil war, in which I am glad to say there was not as much blood shed as is usual in wars, and lasted only five years" "Did the little king come back home then with his mother?" asked Milly Brown. "Yes, and peace reigned once more; but this war had fallen very heavily, as usual, upon the poor. The sol-diers had torn up their fields and gardens, and the pleas-ant homes of many of them had been ruthlessly burned. We can form but a little idea of the misery caused by war, unless we experience it ourselves. We have learned of so many wars and have studied about so many of the troubles of unhappy France, that I fear we will become careless and fail to realize what all these things meant to the miserable inhabitants." "How old was the young king before he really began to reign?" asked Fred Green. "Only thirteen; just the same age that his father was accounted able to govern his kingdom. Finally, when he was twenty one, Spain and France concluded to be peaceable once more, and the young French king chose his cousin, the daughter of Philip of Spain, as his bride. You see it was first the alarm of war, and then wedding bells. So Louis kissed his royal uncle Philip, and pre-sented his mother,ŠPhilip's sister,Šwhom he had not seen for forty-five years, or since they were children. The bride's name was Maria Theresa. She was a good queen and Louis felt very badly when she died, although he did not treat her at all as he should have done." "Was not the Cardinal Mazarin some way connected in making this peace?" asked Harry Ray, who did not very readily forget what he read. "Yes; I think he should have the credit of bringing it about, though he did not live very long afterward. He had collected great stores of treasures and valuables, and he very much dreaded leaving it all. You remember the Bible says that where our treasure is, our hearts will be also. He died in 1661, but not until he had founded the French Academy, the Mazarine Library, and the Col- 