628 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ciety by labor (works of charity and necessity being excepted), or by any amusement or diversion on Sunday, shall be fined not exceeding$25. This sec-tion shall not be construed to prevent watermen and railroad companies from landing their passengers or watermen from loading, or unloading their cargoes, or ferrymen from carrying over the water travelers and persons moving their families on the first day of the week, nor to prevent the due exercise of the rights of conscience by whomever thinks proper to keep any other day as Sabbath.' The preceding paragraph (260) provides: ` Sunday shall include the time from midnight to midnight.' " There is a wide and well-marked distinction be-tween the English statute and ours. The English statute prohibits labor and business on Sunday, while our statute merely prohibits labor and amusement which disturbs the peace and good order of society. In Richmond vs. Moore, supra, in speaking of the difference between the two statutes it is said (p. 433): `A mere glance at that and our statute will show,  that they are materially different. That prohibits labor and business; ours only prohibits labor or amusement that disturbs the peace and good order of society. The offense by this statute is the per-formance of labor or amusement against the peace and good order of society. The offense by that statute is the performance of labor or business, and by ours it is the disturbance of the peace and good order of society. The British statute is much more comprehensive in its ,purposes and language than ours. Ours only prohibits labor that disturbs the peace and good order of society, not naming busi-ness, whilst the British statute renders the mere act of labor or business penal.' " Under the law of this State, as it existed prior to the passage of the act in question, each and every citizen of the State was, left perfectly free to labor and transact business on Sunday or refrain from labor and business, as he might choose, so long as he did not disturb the peace and good order of so-ciety." The " act in question " was the barber law, which provided that it should " be unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber-shop or carry on the business of shaving, hair-cutting, or tonsorial work on Sunday." This act the court declared unconstitutional on the ground that it affected one class of -laborers only. Directly upon this point the court said: " Is the act in question a law binding upon all the members of the community? A glance at its provi-sions affords a negative answer. The act affects one class of laborers and one class alone. The merchant  and his clerks, the restaurant-keeper and his em-ployes, the clothing-house proprietor, the black-smith, the livery stable-keeper, the owners of street-car lines, and people engaged in every other branch of business, are each and all allowed to open their respective places of 'business on Sunday and, trans-act their ordinary business, if they desire; but the barber, and he alone, is required to close his place of business. The barber is thus deprived of prop-erty without due process of law, in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States and of this State." It is somewhat difficult to understand just why the act is unconstitutional because it deprived the barber of property "without due process-of law," when the implication is that had it been a general law it might have been sustainedŠthat is, had it de-prived all of property " without due process of law." In other words, had it been an act confiscating in the interest of religion one-seventh part of the time of all the people in the State it might have been sus-tained, but as it applied only to a class it is uncon-stitutional. But be that as it may, the fact remains that the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois has held (I) that the general Sunday law leaves every citizen of the State " perfectly free to labor and transact busi-ness on Sunday" so long as he does not "disturb the peace and good order of society; " and (2) that the barber bill is unconstitutional. Then what law was violated by the Sunday horse sellers.? Clearly no law whatever. But the idea that Sunday-keeping must be enforced by law obtains to that extent in the Minds of some people that they can not get rid of it, and so insist upon an effort to enforce a statute that has no legal existence, or that at least does not require the observance of Sunday, or forbid either labor or business upon that day. B. ONLY those who love liberty for humanity's sake, and who are consequently as jealous for the rights of others as for their own, really know what true liberty_is and are fitted to enjoy it. A JUST government is one in which not men, but principles rule. Not the will of the majority, but right should prevail. The despotism of one is no worse nor can it be as bad as the despotism of many. Better a single tyrant than a whole community or nation of tyrants. 