JANUARY 31, 1895. A.N1101EUICA,N  35 immediate authority over the civil power. This 'sys-tem is one of the gravest dangers threatening our land to-day. Fidelity to the cause of Christian civil gov-ernment demands that this dangerous enemy of our civil and religious liberties shall be vigilantly opposed. Under another head attention has been called to the change of attitude on the part of the Christian Statesman cohorts from the position of fawning suppliants for fraternal cooperation with Rome, to that of open and avowed enemies of the system. In this article we call attention to the similarity of the contending sys-tems. For years the system inaugurated by the Christian Statesman begged the Roman Catholic Church in the United States to aid it in securing from Congress some legislative action which would com-mit the Government of the United States to religious legislation, and thereby break down the American idea of complete sepa-ration of Church and State, which the National Government had maintained for more than a hundred years, but which the Christian Statesman system assailed as " political atheism." Seeing their oppor- tunity to accomplish a long-cherished ob-ject similar to that of their Protestant petitioners, the leading prelates of the Rgraan Catholic Church in the United States joined forces with what we will call apostate Protestantism, and influenced Congress to do that which it had per-sistently refused to do (enact a Sunday law), and which the Senate in refusing to do in 1829 said:Š Should Congress in legislative capacity adopt the sentinient it Would establish the principle that the legislature is a proper tribunal to determine what are the laws of God. It would involve a legislative de-cision on a religious controversy, and on a point in which good citizens may honestly differ in opinion, without disturbing the peace of society or endangering its liberties. If this principle is once introduced, it will be impossible to define its bounds.' . . . Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for the usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country, which has been the desolating scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World.' Now that these combined forces have accomplished that fatal thing; now that Congress has presumed " to determine what are the laws of God" at the dictation of this combine; now that it has performed "an act which involves a religious con-troversy ; " now that it has " passed its le-gitimate bounds ; " now that the precedent is "established and the foundation laid for that usurpation of the divine preroga-tive in this country, which has been the desolating scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World," the rogues which ac-complished the ruin have fallen out. But why fall out ? Are not their objects the same ? " Aye, there's the rub." Their objects are the same; both want to be pope, and infallible interpreter of the " Word of God " "in the place of Christ's own immediate authority over the civil power, "Šover our captive Republic. And now, to show that this is the case with the system voiced by the Christian States-man's answer previously quoted, we will proceed to dissect it. It says that it is "the right of the na-tion to take the law of Christ as its su-preme rule of conduct. Thiti right and duty require the nation to take the Word of God as an authoritative law book, and to interpret and apply it for itself." But 1  Report of the Senate Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, communicated to the Senate, and adopted by resolu-tion, Jan. 19, 1820. See a.meriean State Papers, class vii, page. a`Id. who make up the nation ?ŠThe people. Are the people all agreed on the same interpretation of the " law of Christ,"Šthe " Word of God " ?ŠNo; their inter-pretations are legion. Does not the Chris-tian Statesman element know this ?ŠYes. How, then, does it propose that the nation shall interpret and apply the law of Christ for itself ?ŠIt does n't propose that it shall. This was strikingly illustrated in the recent political struggle in Penn-sylvania. Mr. Lyon was candidate for the office of lieutenant-governor, and his interpretation of the "law of Christ" re-garding Sabbath observance, did not agree with the interpretation held by the popu-lar Protestant churches as voiced by the Christian Statesman. What did this Christian Statesman element do ?ŠIt in-terpreted the law of. Christ regarding the Sabbath, and told Mr. Lyon that if he did not accept the infallible interpretation of this apostate Protestant pope, they would knife him at the polls. He refused, and this new pope proclaimed a political church boycott against Mr. Lyon; and although he was elected, he ran consider-ably behind his ticket. What this ele- ment tried to do in Pennsylvania in 1894, it succeeded in doing in 1892 when it bulldozed Congress into legislating its interpretation of the " Word of God " upon all the people of the nation, and later boasted of it in this fashion:Š What did Congress do last summer on the Sabbath question ?ŠIt did just what the Christian people asked it to do. . . Representatives in Congress are anxious to do what the people [these popish preachers] want done. They are waiting for instruc-tion; they ask for it. . Ł . Who is to give this instruction ?ŠOnly those who have it can give it [meaning themselves]. Have not Representatives been chosen without much reference to what moral light or character they had in themselves ? 8  Thus it is evident that this apostate Protestant element, a small minority but well organized, arrogates to itself the right to act as pope, to interpret the "Word of God" for the "nation," and then instruct representatives of the nation in this interpretation, and in case these statesmen desire to follow their own in-terpretation, it is the duty of this new pope to compel submission under penalty of political ruin. And now, to show the similarity between the Roman Catholic pope and this apostate Protestant pope, we print their claims in parallel columns :Š The Roman Catholic The apostate Protestant pope claims:Š pope claims;Š That it is the right and That it is the right and duty of the nation to take duty of the nation to take the " law of Christ " as its the "law of Christ " as its supreme rule of conduct. supreme rule of conduct, That the individual That the individual should not be permitted to should not be permitted to interpret that law for him-  inttrpret that law for him- self. self. That he is divinely au-  That he is divinely au-thorized to interpret the thorized to interpret the "law of Christ" for the " law of Christ " for the individual and for the na-  individual and for the na-tion ; and to enforce that tion; and to enforce that interpretation by c iv i 1 interpretation b y civ i pains and penalties. pains and penalties. Is there a single statement in the above conclusion that can be successfully con-troverted ? If not we then ask, is there not a complete likeness between the Ro-man Catholic pope and the apostate Prot-estant pope ? And is there any wonder that two infallible popes, both contending for the control of the American Republic, should quarrel ? Is there any wonder that 3  Christian Statesman, Nov. 25, 1895. the apostate Protestant pope should turn " white with fear and wrath " on behold-ing the Roman Catholic pope in possession of the prey, the captive Republic, which it petitioned that pope to help it capture ? " Priest and Parson Act Together." THE Detroit Daily News of January .16, contains the following account of a con-federacy between Protestant ministers and Roman Catholic priest's, which we reprint, including the News' significant head-lines :Š M KT  IN LOV PRIEST AND PARSON ACT TOGETHER. A MOST REMARKABLE MOVEMENT IN BAY CITY, That Joins Catholic and Protestant Together. All Said to Be Members of the Same "Mystical Body." BAY CITY, Micu., Jan. 16.ŠThe Bay City ministers will not carry on a social crusade in the Saginaw or Little Parkhurst style, but on the contrary announce that they do not sympathize with the methods em-ployed in a majority of these movements. They have, however, organized a movement that will be farther reaching in its effects. The avowed objects of this association are to pro-mote " Christian unity " and arouse a feeling that all Christian churches are engaged in one great object. Prejudice and intolerance are especially denounced and are to be opposed by the association. The matter has been brewing since Thanksgiving day, when Rev. C. T. Patchell preached a strong ser-mon on the subject. Monday, a meeting was held at the rectory of St. James' Catholic Church, at which nearly all of the Catholic priests and a number of the leading Protestant ministers were present. Christian unity was the object of the gathering, but church unity was not thought of. After thorough discussion the following was adopted as embodying the sentiment of those present:Š " The aim of this meeting is to instill into every Christian heart the necessity of mutual love and re-spect among the members of the mystical body of Christ. It is unnatural that members of the same body should tear one another to pieces. They should protect and assist each other. "The means to attain this end are of two kinds: (a) fraternal meetings of the ministers of the different churches, with a view to becoming better acquainted, and for devising means whereby to carry on our WU-tual work; (b) public lectures on ' Christian unity,' ' Christian tolerance,' Christian charity,' and kindred subjects, said lectures to be delivered alternately by priest and minister. " It must be well understood that the presence of a minister or a priest at one of our meetings does not in the least affect his distinctive religious principles. Each remains what he is, prejudice and its conse-qtiences excepted." The memorial is signed by the following pastors: Rev. Wm. H. Clark, First Presbyterian Church; Rev. H. Schneider, Zion Reformed Church; Rev. T. W. McLean, Trinity Episcopal Church ; Rev. M. Mat-kowski, St. Stanislaus Kostka Catholic Church; Rev. T. C. Johnson, Second Baptist Church; Rev. J. G. Sanson and Rev. Jos. Schrembs, St. Mary's Catholic Church, West Bay City; N. Rutenik, German Re-formed Church, West Bay City; Rev. M. C. Hawks, Madison Avenue M. E. Church; Rev. Thomas Rafter, St. James Catholic Church; Rev. C. T. Patchell, First Congregational Church; Rev. John G. Wyss, St. Bon-iface Catholic Church; Rev. Jacob Braun, German Methodist Church. What a confederation! Presbyterian, Reformed, Episcopalian,Baptist, German Reformed, Methodist, ongregational and German Methodist ministers uniting with 