274 AMERICAN SENTINEL. make it anything else than plain and simple, cannot be the right way. The simplicity that is in Christ is the perfection of simplicity. When he was on earth he taught all classes of people at once. The common people heard him gladly because he spoke with such simplicity of lang-uage, and such directness of meaning that they could un-derstand him. And it was only the subtlety of the serpent in the Scribes and Pharisees that pretended not to be able to understand him. It was so in the very beginning. When God placed in the Garden the first human pair, he said to them plainly, "Of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it : for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." Yet there came the serpent with his subtlety and proposed that the Lord did not mean what he said, that it was necessary that it should be explained, and that he was the one who was qualified to explain it and convey to them the true meaning. He therefore said, "Ye shall not surely die, for God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil," Thus Satan proposed that God had not said exactly what he meant, and had kept back the real meaning, and had left his saying dark and problematical. That is the first explanation that was ever offered; the first com-ment that was ever made upon the Word of God. And everything since, that has ever tended to make problem-atical the Word of God, to make it mean otherwise than exactly as it says, is following the same lead. It is of the subtlety that beguiles from the simplicity that is in Christ. It has been well written of Moses that "He gave God credit for wisdom to know what he meant, and firmness of purpose to mean what he said; and therefore Moses acted as seeing the Invisible." And it was "By faith that Moses endured as seeing the invisible." It is there-fore faith to give God credit for wisdom to know what he means, and firmness of purpose to mean what he says. And "without faith it is impossible to please him." 414  Now it is a fact that there isjnuch discussion of the Sabbath question. Many people seem to have great dif-ficulty in knowing just what day is the Sabbath ; yet the Word of God says plainly "the seventh day is the Sab-bath." Any person who will simply accept that state-ment as it stands, taking it simply as it says, will never have any difficulty at all in knowing exactly what,  day is the Sabbath. And the Bible throughout speaks just as plainly and is as easily understood in all its statements with reference to the Sabbath, as it speaks in this sen-tence quoted. The people who accept the Bible, statements exactly as they are on this subject, never do have any difficulty at all in knowing what day is the Sabbath. But those who will not accept it have endless confusion and diffi-culty ; and in fact, never do get the question settled to their perfect satisfaction. That "Great Discovery" lately made by the Christian Endeavorers is only another instance of the confusion, mystification and difficulty that people find by not taking the Word of -God simply as it says. It is another instance of the subtlety that beguiles from the simplicity that is in Christ. It has taken years of subtle invention, of contrivance, of cutting and trying, of intricate elabora-tion, to produce what is now lauded as a "Great Dis-covery." And now that it is presented to the world, instead of its being plain and simple as divine truth always is, it is so contradictory to the Scriptures that no man can be-lieve both; and in itself is so intricate and involved that an examination of it forces the query as to whether the author of it himself understands it. If the subject of the Sabbath or any other subject in the Bible were set forth after any such order as this "Great Discovery" is, every man in the world would have just cause for saying that the Bible could not be understood; for it would then lack the essential element of a divine revelationŠthat is, sim-plicity. He who knows most can always make plainest and simplest what he has to tell, however deep the subject he may be discussing. God, knowing all things, and being the embodiment of all wisdom, is capable of making sub-jects that are of eternal depth so plain that a little child can receive them and understand them. But when any-body, whether it be the devil or a man, not believing what the Lord says just as he says it, undertakes to interpret it and by subtle distinctions to tell what the Lord means, he produces only infinite and eternal con-fusion. And all who allow themselves to be so beguiled from the simplicity that is in Christ, inevitably find it to be so. -{4  WHEN the Scripture is read that says plainly, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," those who do not believe it and will not accept it as the truth of God, and will not allow that he knew what he wanted to say and then said just what he meant, put on an air of child-like innocense and inquire "The seventh day of what?" or "What seventh day is the Sabbath?" In the very first chapter of the Bible the Word of God is, that in six days the Lord created the heavens and the earth and all things that are in them. Then the same word follows with a statement that on the seventh day he rested, and that he blessed the seventh day and sane_ tified it, because that in it he had rested from the work which he had created and made. And that particular seventh day, that rest day is the Sabbath, for Sabbath is rest. That six days of creative work followed by the sev-enth day of rest, formed the first week of time that this world knows anything about. And from that record just as it stands, without any interpretation or explan-ation whatever, it is perfectly plain that, the seventh day, which is God's rest day; the seventh day, which 