106 THE AMERICA_N SENTINEL. terfering with that with which it has no business to have anything to do then, being "Jesuits," according to - Mr. Blair's theory, who believe inideliona ination.al schools, the folloWing statement shoWs what is intended by the legiga-Ł tion '  TheEduCational {now the amendment] will decide -the great 'school controversy against the Jesuits; and in favor of the present public system of edueation for all. -.`TIIJIS it is shown that the object of that legislation is the abolition :of every form of denominational school, and have the public school only, or the private school exactly corresponding to-the public school. Next he says:Š Two great institutions in our society undertake to control the education of the child. The public-school system undertakes to give universal educa-tion, and aims to impart that training and to convey that kind and degree of knowledge which shall in-sure absolute freedom of action to the individual in all the affairs of public and private-life which are the subject of voluntary control, and to secure right action by the influence of intelligence and upright motives. There are many private schoolS founded upon the same"principles as the public-sehool system, and for the ptirpoSes of this discussion should be included with that system. It is not true that the public-school sys-tem undertakes to give universal educa-tion. , It cannot possibly give universal education. It has no right to undertake to give 'education in religion; Mit this par-agraph shows that the proposed amend- ment to the Constitution is the genuine expression of his thoughts on this question. But now for the other system, He de-scribes that as follows:Š , ,The other great system of education seeks to con-trol the whole course of the subsequent life of the individual by the imposition of an extraneous au-thority upon the will or deciding power of the soul that"peried of life when it is easy to fashion the fate [faith] of the child. It is the very office of Christianity to seek to control the whole course of the subsequent life of the individual, by the imposing of an extraneous authority upon the will or deciding power of the soul, just as soon as it possibly can. If it can be done while the individual is a child; so much' the better ; but whenever it maybe done,' this is the one grand -object of the Christian religion. It seekS so to control the-whole course of the subsequent' life of the individual, that the will or deciding power of the soul will recognize the. 'au-thority of Jesus Christ as absolutely' su-preme over every other form of authority that May be imagined; and in the' above statement Senator Blair thus distinctly proposes to set the United States Govern-ment, through his public-school system, above Christianity, and to set the author-ity of the State above the authority of Jesus Christ. This last statement leads him the con-sideration of the spiritual PoWer and"au-thority as compared with the 'temporal, and he says :Š 'Vila of the tremendous superiority of the spirit- ual over thMelnpolid power when Once the former has obtaineedominion of the soul, as measured, by their &feat testŠa comparison of the penakiei which each Ł one mad inflict upon him who violates : thely respective comnianda. The one can kill and that, is all. The other can burn botb, hokand sOnlzforever. -Now, it is thialatter 'proposition which is the secret of the Ohurch's power over the child taught  in =the parochial schools. It-Is-true that there is a tremendous sit,. -periOrity of spiritual -things over terapoial things; and of spiritual poWer over tem-poral power,. =and--this very superiority-Christianity inculcates. Christianity says: "What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul?" "Fear not, therefore, them which destroy the body, and- after =that have no more that they can do; but fear him who is able - to destroy both soul and body in hell; yea, I say to ,you, fear him." And again: " Our light affliction which -is but for a mo-ment,-worketh for us afar more exceeding and eternal weight, of .glory; while we look not at: the- things"which are seen but-at -the things which are not seen; for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are, eternal." This is the voice of Christianity. It is the very purpose of Christianity to introduce men to the realm of spirituality, and to make spiritual things supreme,-  and to put tem:. poral things into a, wholly ,subordinate place ; and if necessity demands;  give them mi -place -at-.all. The spiritual authority, therefore, is,. in the realm: of conscience, supreme over the individual soul. This doctrine and the inculcation of the sense of this authority upon the souls of men, is committed to the Church. It belongs to the Church; the Church is commanded ,by Jesus Christ to teach it. She must teach it, and, she _will teach it. She will teach in spite of all the power that earth can pos-sibly-  oppose to it.. Nor is it victorious over the opposition of earthly power only,. for Jesus Christ,  has, declared of this Church that eventhe.gates of hell shall not prevail against The very- work of the Church, and the very reason of :its existence in the world, is to spread-abroad the knowledge of Spirituality; and to Make known the immense, value and superiority of the spir-itual over temporalthings. NeXt says Mr. Blair if= this Idea of church authority should' come to perineate the public-School system; the parochial school would 'disappear. Assuredly it would, -and' the it- self WoUld disappear;lbeeause -there would be neither earthly nor'heaireidy for it. The= pnblie-school 'systeiniS'the'State syS-: tem; 'the ' public school's anthority and methods are the State'S' authority and methods. If, therefere, the State could exert the authority, dO the -Work, and per-fern]: the office of the Church, 'then there would be-  no place :for' the °hitch: -But the State can never do this; it does not be-long the State at all: 'Chi-1St nevereoin-initted any sense; 'nor in 'any 'degree, to the 'State. ŠHe-  dpniiiiitted. it -CO the  Church. He established the Church solely that this work might be performed, and this authority be Made known. This last 4  quotation, therefore, plainly shows that the idea, oftlieproposed religious amendment to thn_C_Onititiition, the idea of the-legisla-lation of which Senator Blair is the origina-tor, is to'9stroy 'ail Church authority, all ,Cluirch teachings, and.  Supplant -them by the. State; and then to destroy idea, all sense, -all teaching, of the superiority of spiritual things direr teniporal, and make temporal things only supreme, and tem- poral power absolute, in m inion of _the do  the soul. Since Roman pagan times there has never been asserted more plainly the su-premacy of temporal power over all things, or divine, over all things spiritual. And aside from the laws of Roman pagan-ism, it would be difficult to find in any nation statutes embodying so fully, and clearly the divinity of the temporal power as do these measures originated and advo-cated -by Mr. Blair in the United States Senate. But though the Church be all that we have here stated, as there belongs to it all that we have here named, it does not fol-low that there is, or that there should be, any conflict whatever between the Church and the State, or between church authority and the authority of the State. The Church has its sphere, the State has its sphere also. These are totally separate and distinct from each other. The sphere of the Church is spiritual, and has to do with spiritual things ; and with spiritual authority, not with 'temporal. The sphere of the State is temporal; 'it has to do only with temporal things, and never -with things spiritual. While the Church keeps its proper place, and the State keeps its proper place, there can never be any conflict. By the assertion of the authority of the State in spiritual things ,and in matters which belong to the Church, this assertion which is made by the-Blair legislation is just as bad as would be or everWas.an assertion of the authority of the 'Church over that of the State. It is `evil,_ only evil, and that -continually, and continually increasing. A. T. J. A Pointed Question by a .Presbyterian. IF I am a Presbyterian, plowing in my own field along side of the public highway on Saturday-, and a SeVenth-day Adventist, or-  Baptist, should pass by on his way to church, and if I should bid him a civil good morning and go on with my, work, and then lie should complain to the magis-trate and ask for my arrest for disturbing his devotiOns, would I not discover that he was a hypocritical pretender ? On the other hand, if I should pass his field on thy way to church on Sunday, and find him at-work and prosecute him for it, would he not see that my religion did not bear the impress of the Cross ? WILL. M. GLENN, Couttersville, -13671n. 