AMERICAN SENTINEL. 141 SPEAKING of the zeal displayed by the press in Eng-land and America to obtain and publish the sentiments of the "holy father" at the Vatican respecting the pro-posed Anglo-American arbitration treaty, a prominent Catholic journal says : " There is much significance of the changed spirit of the times in secular newspapers thus seeking the view held on great public questions by the head of the Catholic Church." Yes ; the " spirit of the times " is giving marked evi-dence of deterioration from the sturdy independencOvhich characterized the days of our fathers. -Ł--4 A DISPATCH from Winnipeg, Manitoba, gives the in-formation that "The battle between the Catholic Church and the Laurier and Greenway governments is to be re-newed in the law courts The government will appeal to the courts to declare the St. Boniface election void on the ground that Archbishop Langevin intimidated his par-ishioners by threats of excommunication if they did not vote for the church candidate." This election was carried by the Catholics, but by so slight a majority that it is regarded as a practical victory for the govern-ment. P -044  THE following from a prominent Catholic journal of Philadelphia is very significant:Š "An encouraging sign of the times is the way in which the historians who have been most popular with the great masses of the people in this country are being writ-ten out of favor in the secular press. Apropos of the death of Joel T. Headley, not only is he classed in- the American school of romantic historians, but' Irving; Prescott and Abbott are classed with him. And may they and all who have given an anti-Catholic bias to their works have no successors !" Ł 4 4 THE " New England Sabbath Protective League," at its second annual session, held last January, chose as its president U. S. Senator George F. Hoar, of Worcester, Mass. The latter was written a letter of acceptance of the office, in which he says : " I belie-Ce thoroughly in a day of rest, which shall be largely devoted to the contem-plation of divine themes and to the worship of God and teaching His law, and in protecting the observance against disturbance by secular labor, or other discords, by law." A WELL-KNowN millionaire of this city, who con-demned the extravagance of the late fancy dress ball, is reported as having recently taken a mortgage on the property of his own brother, who is in straitened circum-stances, as security for a fifty-dollar loan. This furnishes an illustration of the most useless-sort of individual a community can contain. The millionaire hoarder of wealth is far more to be condemned than the most reck-less fortune squanderer that lives. See James 5:3. IN a report of a sermon preached in Cooper Union, New York City, February 22, Rev. A. C. Dixon is quoted as saying: "I am not going to make a patriotic address.  Šthough I'd like to. God pity the man who has no better country than this. It's the best country in this world; but there's a better country where Jesus Christ is King." We commend these words to the Christian Endeavorers, who have set out to " enthrone Christ on Capitol Hill." A LARGE part of the present-day teaching in regard to Sabbath observance simmers down to this: "It isn't the keeping of a particular day that is enjoined in the Sabbath commandment; that is a point that is not essential, provided you keep Sunday. You needn't be particular so far as the Lord is concerned; but if you don't keep Sunday, we'll get our Sunday law into oper-ation and make you wish you had kept that particular day!  Ł  "IT is to be hoped," says the February Christian En-deavbrer, "that we will hear no more of the foolish . . . saying : ' It makes no difference What day of the week we observe as Sabbath, so that we observe `one."' Sunday defenders, take notice. THE United Society of Christian Endeavor announces that the next annual convention of the organization will be held in San Francisco, July 7-12. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co— not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious 'liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, in 4. $1.00. Six months, - Three " - - .25. ADDRESS. ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 