621' AMERICAN SENTINEL. the same time, which added still more to the duke's fame. "By this time, Charles V., Emperor of Germany and King of Spain, was dead, and his son Philip II., took his place. Philip's wife was the Queen of England, and as the English were so sore over the loss of Calais, he knew that he would get no help from them against his old en-emy, the King of France; so, like silly children, quarrel-ing one minute and kissing the next, the two kings of France and Spain decided to cement a compact of peace which they had entered into, by a wedding. By this time Philip's English queen-wife had died, and he proposed to marry Henry's daughter, Elizabeth." "Well, I declare!" exclaimed 1Vlilly Brown. "His old enemy is his new father-in-law! I hope they had peace in the family after that.", "The fact is, Milly, the father-in-law did'nt live long enough to quarrel with his son-in-law after the wedding. He was killed by a splinter entering his eye as he was rid-ing in a grand tournament." "Poor fellow! I wonder how many true mourners he had," said Julia March. "Not many, Julia, not many," sighed her teacher. He had added his name to the obnoxious list of French kings whose chief object seems to have been to increase the misery of this poor people by unjust taxes and cruel oppression. He died in the year 1559. "At the time of his death there were two great par-ties in FranceŠthe Protestant Reforiners who now began to be called Huguenots, and the Catholics. The leader of the former was the King of Navarre, named Antony de Bourbon, and of the latter, the Duke 9f Guise. -' We have not mentioned much lately about the progress of the Reformation, but you see it was not dying out, although persecutions and horrors had continually blocked its on-ward march. The most dreadful tortures were in vogue in the reign of Henry's father, and things were in no bet_ ter shape now. The poor Protestants were suspended in the air and slow fires built under them, and they were left to slowly roast to death. You see when Spain and France made their treaty of peace, an article was added Šthe work of two cardinalsŠwhich was kept a secret from the people, to the effect that France and Spain were to work unitedly in the work of exterminating the hated Protestants. These poor hunted people at last rose in their anger and became a political as well as a religious people. Of course this led to a horrible civil war." "I don't think the country could have been in a very nice condition when the next king took the throne," com-mented Harry Ray. "No, indeed; when poor Francis II., son of Henry II., took the reins, he was indeed to be pitied. It must not be expected that a feeble youth of sixteen would do bet-ter than his predecessors. He was simply king in name; for he did exactly what his advisers asked him to doŠpersecute the Huguenots to their death." "Do you think it exactly right for the Protestants to  have added politics to their religion, and to have gone to war?" asked practical Jack. "What do you think about it, Joseph?" asked his teacher. Joe Palmeter's eyes grew very bright, and his cheek flushed, as he answered earnestly:Š "Christ said, 'I say unto you that ye resist not evil.'" "But I tell you, Joe Palmeter," said Bert Mathews, "it isn't so easy to be tortured and burned and huntedŠand everythingŠI guess you'd want to pay them back; I would." "But," replied the teacher, "the Master says, 'Ven-geance is mine, I will repay.' "At last," continued Professor Carman, "the weak king passed a law that the churches belonging to the op-posite faith should be destroyed. Then they formed a committee whose special business it was to condemn her-etics to be burned, and the place where they met was called 'The burning chamber.' "It hardly seems possible that this took place only a little more than 300 years ago," said Julia March, shuddering. "True, Julia, but it was only the same spirit which in our own day rejoices in the imprisonment of honest men, simply on account of religious differences,Šand it is the spirit of the enemy of all righteousness," replied the teacher. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. God's Care for his Children. [The following incident which is narrated in the Youth's Companion, ought to be very instructive to people who think that Christian missionaries are depend-ent for protection upon the power of the state.] THE incident of St. Paul and the viper, and the stories of Zinzendorf and Brainerd and their serpent visitors, are read by every one with a thrill of interest always felt where a human life is at stake. We can imagine the effect upon those who were eyewitnesses of the facts, and saw these men escape without a wound. Near the middle of the last century David Brainerd left his mission among the Indians at Stockbridge, Mass., and travelled southward to the "forks of the Delaware." He had heard of a savage tribe in the heart of the New Jersey forests, and yearned to bring them under Chris-tian influences. With his pocket-Bible, his tent cloth and a few simple utensils for preparing his food strapped in a bundle on his back, he pushed on through the wilderness till he found himself in the neighborhood of the Indian village. He was tired, and mounting his shelter-tent on sticks, he camped under the trees to rest and fortify himself for the new undertaking that lay before him. What peril was near him from savage hands he could not know, and like his Master in "a solitary place apart," he talked with Heaven until he felt refreshed and strong. 