THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 261 baseball players in the District of Colum-bia ;Šconsequently, by parity of reason-ing, the Commissioners could arrest and prosecute for anything which they might decide to be an offense against the Chris-tian religion. Again, in addition, reference to the " Laws of the District of Columbia," page 136, shows that the Maryland law of 1723 was incorporated in the laws of the Dis-trict ; investigation shows that law never to have been repealed, and to be in force to-day. It is entitled " An act to punish blasphemers, swearers, drunkards, and Sabbath breakers," and is very complete in its enumeration of the different phases of these offenses, and thorough in its pro-visions; and still the Sabbath Union mourns over " beautiful, beautiful Wash-ington," under the ban of a secular gov-ernment. On the contrary, Washington and the District are under all these re-ligious regulations, and what a bitter trav-esty on the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and its first Amendment, and the boasted enlightenment of the Amer-ican people is the presence of such laws on the statute books, and among the ordi-nances of the capital city of the Nation. What can be said for the intelligence, or Christianity of those, who, instead of striving to have them expunged from the records, would add to that brood from the Dark Ages ? W. H. M. When and by Whom Should the Bible Be Taught? THERE is no question as to the fact that the Bible ought to be taught. But the question does arise, where shall it be taught ? and by whom ? The place where to teach is not so material, as the kind of doctrine or prin-ciples taught. The Bible is committed to faithful men to teach and preach, and to be faithful they must have faith; for how can a person teach that of which he has no well defined knowledge ? God's book addresses itself to the spiritual un-derstanding of men. Hence, a person must be spiritually minded, and in posses-sion of the divine spirit, to teach spiritual things, for the natural man understandeth not the things of God, for they are spirit-ually discerned. Now, as the State and Government are not spiritual, nor indeed can be, they cannot teach, or cause to be taught, spiritual things, for as they are not spirit-ual they cannot tell when spiritual things are taught; and are therefore liable to be grossly imposed upon by pretenders. And forcing spiritual men and women to un-willingly submit to the most flagrant errors in religious teaching, would destroy religion. Patent political preaching is not the kind of which God approves. God always has chosen, and always will choose, his own standard bearers. Public schools, in many instances, are  supplied with irreligious teachers, and they are not proper persons to read to pupils, or instruct them, out of the Bible. God put his law in the hands of Aaron in the beginning, and farther on, in the hands of the prophets, and lastly, Jesus Christ put the work into the hands of the newly-made church, and sent them out to preach to, and disciple all nations, en-couraged by the words, " I am with you alway." Christianity is a work of God in the soul, and a matter of conscience between the individual and his God; and no man has a right to step in and tell me what I shall believe; or how and when I shall worship. The Baptist, the Jew, and Ad-ventist have a right to keep the seventh day or any other day if that is their sin-cere conviction. I have a right to keep every day in the week if I like, or no day at all, so long as I do not interfere with the social, moral, and religious rights of others. God does not compel men to be religious; does not force men to believe; they have a right of choice; they can doubt everything if they like; they make their choice, and must take the conse-quences of that choice. I am opposed to the Blair bill, because it seeks to improve upon God's plan of dealing with men. It assumes that God is incompetent to control men under his system of government. And Mr. Blair volunteers to assist the Almighty in mak-ing people religious, if he can get Con-gress to help him. He had better keep his hands off the holy ark, for there is death behind it. Why will men under-take to lumber up Congress with a work that belongs exclusively to the Church and to individual conscience ? I am opposed to the Sunday-rest bill, because it takes away the right of the church as a religious organization; pros-titutes its sanctity, and turns religion over to a Christless formality, and insti-tutes a new machine for the manufacture of hypocrites, by compelling men to appear to be what they are not, and compelling men to subscribe to that which they do not believe, and will not practice. R. M. CULVER. National Reform Kindergarten. THE Young People's Society of Chris-tian Endeavor, which recently held at St. Louis, the largest convention ever gathered by any religious society, has been form-ally received into the coterie of religious bodies, associated together as the National Reform party. The Christian Statesman, hereafter, will devote a column in each issue to the Y. P. S. C. E. The Young Men's Christian Association is now the only organization of moment, established for a professedly moral purpose, which has not sold itself to politics and forsaken true religion, pure and -undefiled, for the great deception in the religious world of this day. Religious Laws in Washington. THE American Sabbath Union has, for the past year, shown a very marked anxiety for the corporate morality of the city of Washington, and the District of Columbia. In the Sunday-rest Conven- tion, held in Washington, the thirtieth of January, Rev. W. F. Crafts, while be-wailing the lack of Sunday laws at the capital, spoke of the situation being "the same as it is in the far West,ŠAlaska, California, Idaho, and Arizona. In that strange fraternity Washington is left,Š beau tiful, beautiful Washington." For several weeks, in. different churches of the City; Mr; Crafts continued to reiterate that: refrain of " beautiful, beautiful WaShington,Šin that strange fraternity !" This wail for the beautiful city associ-ated: with such castaways, degraded by such evil Companionship, arose from the claiin that Washington, in company with the States and Territories named, had no Sunday law. It is true that the above named divis-ions of the United States are the only representatives of pure, civil, and relig-ious, liberty, undefiled, which this Union affords; but is it true that Washington and :the District of Columbia are worthy to be named in that roll of honor ? It is not. In Washington City, no hacks, or other vehicles for hire, are allowed to wait at their stands, or upon the streets, for custom on Sunday; no omnibuses or hacks may be left standing in the street, and no vehicle may be washed in the street on Sunday; barbers may not pursue their occupation, after one o'clock, P. without being liable to a fine of from twenty to forty dollars, one-half to go to the informer; no place of business for the sale of any article for profit, may be kept open on Sunday, except drug stores and undertakers' rooms ; newspapers may not be carried on the streets after one, P. M., and no other articles hawked upon the streets during any portion of the day ; no liquor can be sold,, and all bars must be kept closed during the entire day and evening. (See Webb's digest, pages 372-4, 295.) Reference to the same' digest, page 310, shows the following : " It shall not be law-ful for any person or persons to curse, swear, or make use of any profane lan-guage, etc., . . . under a penalty not exceeding ten dollars for 'each and every such offense." Arrests under this are frequent in Washington, the last noticed in the daily city papers, was on August 6. The management of the public parks permits no games or recreation within their limits, on Sunday. Besides all this, the District Commis-sioners have publicly declared, that as Blackstone has asserted Christianity to be part of the law of England, they had, in that dictum, sufficient authority upon which to arrest and prosecute Sunday 