THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 255 as a day of rest. If we once commenced legaliz-ing Simday contracts to labor seven days, Sunday as a day of rest will be lost to the laboring man very soon." In Mr. Pettigrew's latest expression on this sub-ject as given by a Mail and Empress reporter, he said :Š I think the battle is won and the American Sab- bath saved The Exposition is just the thing to make the fight on. If Mrs. Bones is right in her estimate of Mr. Pet- tigrew, that he is " neither pious nor a bigot," then it is certain that he is a hypocrite. - THE Gazetteer, of Denison, Texas, publishes a series of resolutions, passed at a public meeting in Denison, ostensibly in the interest of the Sunday closing of saloons, and makes these very pertinent comments:Š " A casual reading of the above resolutions would leave the impression that this Sunday ordinance movement was directed mainly towards the open saloons, but this feature is evidently given promi-nence in order to appeal to a popular prejudice to secure indorsement of a far more sweeping in-fringement of personal liberty. The real object is to as far as possible stop all business and labor,'and recreation such as base ball, public concerts, and the like on that day. That is what the framers of these resolutions are really driving at; and if they can persuade the city to step in and relieve the State from the responsibility of its own enactments by assuming them itself, no doubt the next move will be to go before the Legislature and try to get still more stringent laws passed, such as they have in some of the cities in the older States, and notably in Tennessee where a certain class of Christians are imprisoned, fined, and their property levied on and sold, because they observe the Sabbath as a holy day and labor on Sunday in accordance with the teachings of their Bibles. So far as we are person-ally concerned the enforcement of the present State Sunday law by the city would not interfere with our business or seriously discommode us, but there is a principle involved in this kind of legisla-tion that the Gazetteer can not under any circum-stances indorseŠa principle far-reaching in its re-sults, of vastly more importance to the public than the question of whether or not the back doors of the saloons shall be left open on Sunday or a tradesman shall sell a pocket handkerchief or a cigar on that particular day." [UNDER the head of "Sabbath Desecration," the Boston Traveller has the following account of the enforcement of the Massachusetts law against selling, on Sunday at Lexington, in that State.] Associate Justice Charles Thompson of the First District Court of Central Middlesex sat all day in the quaint little court room at Concord yesterday, listening to a case of especial interest. It seems that about a year ago one M. C. Meagher, a speculator in real estate, purchased a tract of about three hundred acres in the town of Lexington and adopted the boom town methods of the South in calling public attention to its eligibility as a residential location. It is alleged that many hundred lots were dis- posed of, and there was no particular objection raised by the residents of the town to the enterprise.  It is probable that Mr. Meagher and his agents, L. DeVoe and F. W. Ashcroft, would never have fig- ured in a legal contention had they not attempted to make use of the Sabbath in furthering their in- terests. . It appears, as alleged by Mr. Frederick 0. Vialle, who owns a large estate adjoining the property of Mr. Meagher, that the latter was in the habit of bringing excursion parties from Boston on the Lord's day, to have a look at the location and see for themselves 'the inducements it offered for settlement. Mr. Vialle asserts that on one occasion the Sun-day invaders were accompanied by a brass band. Other attractions were offered the excursionists to make their stay. interesting. Now this is what precipitated the contention. The selectmen of Lexington were opposed to this desecration of the Sabbath, so they went to Mr. Vialle and urged him to bring a suit against the principals of the land scheme, which he did, and their arrest followed. It was not shown to the satisfaction of Judge Thompson that Meagher was present on any of these occasions, or if he was he made no attempt to transact business, and he was therefore dis_ charged from custody. The same result was re-corded in the case of agent Ashcroft. But not so with Mr. DeVoe. It was shown that he was present at the grounds on Sunday, the 10th inst., and had with him about forty excursionists that he had brought from Bos-ton. In his pocket, so Mr. Vialle testified, were a quantity of circulars issued by Mr. Meagher, giv-ing a description of the property and the modus operandi of securing a lot and a building thereon. In addition to these, Mr. Vialle saw what he be-lieved to be a plan of the section in the same pocket. This evidence settled matters for DeVoe, as Judge Thompson held that it had been shown that he was doing business on the Lord's day. He was not inclined to impose a severe penalty, but thought the law should be vindicated. Counsel Keyes said that he did not want to per-secute Mr. DeVoe, and that if Mr. Meagher would give his word that no more excursions be made similar to those complained of, he would let the case go. As there was no disposition on the part of Meagher to enter into such an agreement, Judge Thompson fined DeVoe $20. Counsel Hall entered an appeal, and the defend-ant was ordered to recognize in the sum of $200. " American State Papers." WE have called attention to the importance of circulating religious liberty literature. We trust that our workers throughout the field will take a lively interest in this. It must be apparent to all that there can be nothing more important at this time. We want to circulate our position on this Sunday-legislation question just as widely as pos-sible. And as the people learn that our knowledge of the prophecy is really what has urged us out in this line, and as they see that our positions on Sun-day laws, and the persecutions that are to follow, are absolutely correct, many will accept the truth, believe and be saved. Hence the great importance of sowing the seed now, that the great harvest may be reaped by and by. Those who engage in this work should be well informed on the subject. And if we will take the pains to read our literature, we can have a deep un-derstanding of this very important theme. Espe-cially would we urge ministers, directors, and other laborers in the field to read this literature, and then impress upon all with whom they come in contact, the importance of reading and studying it. Then as they enter the field to engage in this important work they will feel that they are not afraid to meet people and talk with them on this subject, and they will also feel the importance of the work more, as they understand it better. " American State Papers " is one of the best books to give a correct idea of the principles of re-ligious freedom that were in the minds of the founders of our Government, that we have ever published. Every one of our ministers and workers should read it, and circulate it as widely as possi- ble. It is a book that is especially suitable to place in the hands of editors, lawyers, and men of that class. But while it is good for them, it is none the less valuable for all classes. Perhaps we could not emphasize the importance of this book in a better way than by quoting the following letter from Elder Geo. A. Irwin :Š I am very glad to learn that you are making an effort to bring "American State Papers" more prominently before the people. I purchased one of the first copies issued, and read it carefully, and am free to say that, in my:judgment, it is the best  work extant, to inform one in regard to the principles of religious liberty as embodied in the Constitution, and sustained by eminent statesmen and jurists, with few exceptions, until the recent past. The book is a perfect magazine from which to draw arguments against the passage of Sunday laws, or resolutions by legislative bodies, favoring any particular day as a day of religious worship. The Appendix, giving the "declaration of rights" of the several States, and a "history of Sunday legislation from the famous edict of Constantine to the present time," is worth several times the price 'of the book. I shall do what I can to aid in giving the book a general circulation in Ohio, knowing that in so doing I am benefiting both the individual and the cause. We trust that a lively interest will be everywhere taken in the circulation of this book. Send all your orders to Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York, or to the Review and Herald, Bat- tle Creek, Mich. A. 0. TAIT. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. Š:-O-:Š We will send the. Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, postpaid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D. D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The Eiins of the 'Rimes is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year. post-paid, - - - $1.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - - 1.25. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2) Ss. Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A. DO YOU USE A FOUNTAIN PEN? THEN YOU NEED THE COMBINED INK-BOTTLE AND PEN FILLER, Consisting of a bottle holding ink sufficient to fill a pen eight or ten times, with a patent rubber cork and filler, all inclosed in a neat wooden case with a screw top, making the safest, most complete, com-pact, and convenient article for the use of traveling men and others now extant. When filled with ink it weighs less than three ounces. Imitation Rosewood case, 25 cents ; real Box wood case, 50 cents. Sent post-paid on receipt of price. SA_FETY-  PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. No. 2. Russia leather, for 2 pens 3 t, 10c. 15c. No. 3. Sealskin, 2  te 15c. No. 4. 3  25c. No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. No. 6 Sealskin, 4 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW Yoaa. 