222 A-TOLIHAILZIC A.N Vol,. 8, No. 28. Civil government can compel men to be civil; it can do no more. When it at-tempts to enforce morality as embodied in God's law, it is worse than a failure; it produces hypocrites, mocks God and makes a farce of his religion. 2. When government attempts to en-force morals, it must have some tribunal to say what the true standard of morals is. Shall the State decide it ? or shall the church ? And if so, what church ? The tribunal which does this assumes to speak for God. And by what right has any hu-man tribunal to exalt itself to God's throne ? Who has delegated to humanity the right to decide any one's duty to God ? The power which God foresaw would at-tempt to so speak for him, he calls "the man of sin," " the mystery of iniquity," " that wicked." 2 Thess. 2 :4-6. The principles of God's truth are ever the same. The profession of a church does not change its character; and any church or confederacy of churches, any man or set of men, any government whatsoever, which will attempt to enforce what it may call God's laws, upon the consciences of others, will become by that very act a part of the mystery of iniquity. 3. All that any set of men can enforce as Christianity is simply and only their conception of what Christianity is. They set up their puny opinion of Christ for what Christ is. They crystallize that opinion into law, and say, " See what Christ is, what he requires of you." This is all Rome did in her bloodiest days. It was always for God and his church, God speaking through his church to the gov-ernments of the world and to the people. But millions of " the whitest of the saints of God " have died as heretics by the hand of those who thought they were doing God service. 4. Christ's name in the Constitution would not make it Christian any more than it makes a man Christian to call him so. Worse than this, it presents to the world all the inequalities, the injustice, the imperfections and the iniquities of the government as of Christ. It professes his name and denies him by works. He sends out his ambassadors, his Spirit, to per-suade men to submit to him and find peace, but the government which professes his name in its fundamental law seeks to compel men to do God's will. Thus did Rome and the " Christian " governments which owned her sway. They counted those who died at their hand heretics ; but how did God count them ? 5. That the interpretation of God's law by earthly governments would be contrary to that law is evident from the present at-titude of our Government on the Sabbath question. The fourth commandment of the Decalogue, which National Reformers wish enforced, does unmistakably and ob-viously enjoin the observance of the sev-enth day, and thousands of first-day ob-servers believe this to be so, and thousands of other Christians so believe God in this respect as to obey just what he says. But the government in its self-appointed vice-gerency declares that Sunday is the Sab-bath ; and National Reformers wish law to enforce the day still more rigidly, re-gardless of those who oppose, who are as conscientious as they, and who realize accountability to God as fully, but who also hold that civil government has no power to enforce religious, spiritual or moral obligations. But to those very principles the Govern-ment has already committed itself, and we  would have no hope, judging from the history of the past, that its steps will be retraced. We know from the Word of God that they will not be. But to God alone men are responsible. In the language of Lowell :Š Though we break our father's promise, we have nobler duties first ; The traitor to humanity is the traitor most accursed ; Man is more than constitutions; better rot beneath the sod Than be true to Church and State while we are doubly false to God. God will care for his own; and though error and tyranny seem to triumph, ulti- mate victory rests with God.ŠSigns of the Times. Keeping Up Appearances. " AND king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold ; six hundred shek-els of gold went to one target. And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pounds of gold went to one shield; and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon." 1 Kings 10 :16, 17. " And it came to pass in the fifth year of king Rehoboam, that Shishak, king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem : and he took away the treasures of the house of the Lord, and the treasures of the king's house; he even took away all; and he took away all the shields of gold which Solomon had made. And king Rehoboam made in their stead brazen shields, and committed them into the hands of the chief of the guard, which kept the door of the king's house. And it was so, when the king went into the house of the Lord, that the guard bare them, and brought them back into the guard chamber." 1 Kings 14 : 25-28. In these passages of Scripture there is contained the history of a great many people's experience. Rehoboam had suf-fered the loss of the golden shields which his father had made, but he kept up ap-pearances with brass. Perhaps he per-suaded himself that brazen shields were as good as golden ones. No doubt they did look as well, if they were kept well rubbed up; but nevertheless the value was not there. In the same way many people who have had a real experience in the things of God, and who have allowed Satan to rob them of their treasure, have substituted the brass of formal profession for the pure gold of love and faith. It made as good a show, but they themselves were conscious, in spite of themselves, that the value was not there. The enemy also knows the difference between brass and gold. He will not attempt to rob one of his brazen substitute for gold. That is why one has so much easier a time when he allows Christian reality to degenerate into a mere form. But the case of Rehoboam with his brazen shields is more exactly paralleled by those who make their boast that they adhere closely to " the faith of our fathers." Doubtless their fathers had real faith, and held much truth. But faith is something which cannot be trans-mitted from father to son, and so those who pride themselves on believing just what their fathers believed, are the pos-sessors of merely sounding brass. This is the case with the "historic churches." Men formulate creed, and their followers are careful to believe just what the founders believed, and still more careful not to believe anything which they  did not believe. The result is that they do not have the faith which the founders had. They have the words, but not the life. As brass will make even a more dazzling show than gold, so State churches, whose boast is their " historic " succession, exhibit a dazzling ceremonial in place of the substance. E. J. WAGGONER. Seven Questions for Baptists. Dear Brethren:ŠAllow me, a converted Methodist, to call your attention by the following questions, to some important points in your history, which it seems to me logically call upon you to keep pace still with the advancing light : 1. Whom did God especially raise up to herald the first coming of our dear Saviour ?ŠJohn the Baptist. 2. Whom has God especially used to hold up the light of truth on Bible bap-tism, from the days of John the Baptist to our own ?ŠThe Baptists. 3. Whom did God bring to America in 1631, and who for daring to advocate true Christianity and religious freedom, was banished from the colonies in 1636, and afterward died in Rhode Island about 1683, a holy man and a Christian patriot ? ŠA Baptist, Roger Williams. 4. What body of Christians did God es-pecially use to introduce the First Amend-ment to our world-honored national Con-stitution, which amendment has secured to us the precious religious liberty enjoyed by us, and by the people of all nations who have sailed to our shores ?ŠThe Bap-tists. 5. Who was it, that in 1844, God espe-cially used to herald the great proclama-tion of the second coming of our Saviour, which message powerfully shook America from ocean to ocean, and Europe also from empire to empire (for there was not a missionary station on the globe where the second coming of Christ was not preached) ?ŠA Baptist farmer, William Miller. 6. What Christian body has God espe-cially used for more than one thousand eight hundred years of the history of the Christian ChurchŠyea, from the cross of Calvary to the present hour, to hold up before the God-forgetting world the light on the question of the Bible Sabbath ?ŠThe Sabbath-keeping Baptists. 7. Finally, whom does God especially call to-day to stand in the gap, teaching the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus, and restoring to its God-ap-pointed place the hallowed day of his own rest ?ŠYou, the Baptists. Dear brethren, are we able to drink of the cup, and be baptized with the baptism ? " War lifts its helmet to its brow; 0 God, protect thy people now." " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, . . . and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world."ŠChas. E. Stur-devant, in, the Sabbath Recorder. "EVERYBODY'S LAW BOOK" Is the title of the new 768 page work prepared by J. Alexander Koones, L L. B., member of the New York Bar. It Enables Every Man and Woman to be Their Own Lawyer. It teaches what are your rights and how to maintain them. When to begin a law suit and when to shun one. It contains the useful information every business man needs in every State in the Union. It contains business forms of every variety useful to the lawyer as well as to all who have legal businesi to transact. Inclose two dollars for a copy, or inclose two cent postage stamp for a table of contents and terms to agents. Address, Beni. W. Hitchcock, Publisher, 885 Sixth Avenue, New York. 