MARCH 5, 1896. AIME  11-44MCAN S]ENriElINIE111_, 75 member the seventh day to keep it holy, but Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy'; and 'Wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day,' not the seventh day, 'and hallowed it." Immediately before speaking this part of the fourth commandment, God had declared, " The seventh day is the Sabbath." See Ex. 20:8-11. In view of this fact, how utterly puerile is such an "argument" as that here noticed! How utterly untempered the mortar which the speaker put into the Sunday wall! "In the original institution," he continued, " it is true that it is said, God blessed the seventh day' (Gen. 2:3); but the change of language when the law was given shows that the seventh day was blessed not because it was the seventh day, but because it was the Sabbath day." Let us compare the record in Genesis with the language of the law. Turn-ing to the second chapter of Genesis, we find these words:Š Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And GO blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; be-cause that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2: 1-3. Turning now to the law, we find that the fourth commandment declares, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work: . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Ex. 20: 8-11. In Genesis we are told that the Creator blessed and sanctified the seventh day. The fourth commandment tells us that "the sev-enth day is the Sabbath," and that God " rested the seventh day; wherefore God blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." Where is " the change of language" which authorizes the statement that the seventh day and the Sabbath day were not one and, the same at the time the law was spoken on Mt. Sinai, as they were at the Creation? In instituting the Sabbath, there was, ac-cording to the record, no blessing or santify-ing done except that mentioned in Gen. 2: 3, which was the blessing and sanctifying of the seventh day. When God had blessed and sanctified that day, the Sabbath institution was complete, as designed for the use and benefit of mankind. The fourth command-ment refers back to this event, reaffirming that " the seventh day is the Sabbath," and that God "blessed the Sabbath day and hal-lowed it." And yet the Rev. Mr. Brookes calmly proceeded to say, " The fourth corn-mandment, therefore, does not require the hallowing of the seventh day of the week"! He then alluded to the fact that when a parson journeyed around the earth, he (appar-ently) gained or lost a day, according to the direction of his journey, citing this as an argument against keeping the seventh day. Would he also cite it an argument against keeping Sunday ? Should we fail to keep the seventh day because the world being round, we cannot all begin or end it at the same time ? The argument would be just as good for not eating, sleeping, or transacting business. As a matter of fact, no one has any difficulty in knowing exactly when the seventh day begins, or when it ends, whether he be in North America or in China. If he desires to keep that day, there is nothing at all in nature to prevent his doing so. Ł Mr. Brookes referred to the death penalty executed upon Sabbath-breakers under the theocracy of Moses' time, as another reason for not keeping the seventh day. The same " reason " would apply to the keeping of other commandments besides the fourth. There were penalties for worshipping false gods, dishonoring parents, murder, theft, adultery, and many other offenses, which are not in force to-day; are we therefore at lib-erty to disregard the commandments prohib-iting such things ? The theocracy of Moses' time has passed away, but God's law has not passed away. The penalty for Sabbath-breaking, and for violation of any other of the commandments as well, is still death. But the execution of that penalty rests with God, and not with men. God also, and not man, is the Judge; and when the set time of his judgement ar-rives, that penalty will be executed upon all who are then found transgressors of his law. But now he invites all men to find pardon and eternal life through the gospel of his Son. Man has nothing to do with the command-ments of God, except to live a life of obedi-ence to them by faith in Christ. Man's laws, in so far as they are just, concern only the preservation of human rights, their object being to enable men to live securely in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. God's law is spiritual, and there-fore entirely beyond the sphere of human authority and power. His law deals with sin; man's law deals only with crime. In the frequent references to " the eighth day" made in the specifications concerning the ordinances and services of the ceremonial law, as set forth in Leviticus, the Rev. Mr. Brookes affirmed that he saw " intimations" of the Sunday sabbath. What must we think of such a claim to supernatural discernment on the part of one who professes total inability to see that the fourth commandment and the first verses of the second chapter of Genesis are harmonious in declaring the seventh day to be the Sabbath ? For example, he cited the reference to the yearly " feast of tabernacles" found in Lev. 23:39: " Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month, when ye have gathered in the fruit of the land, ye shall keep a feast unto the Lord seven days: on the first day shall be a sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath." " There is, then," he said, "not only a seventh-day Sabbath but an eighth-day sabbath," and added, "This fact seems to have been entirely overlooked by the Seventh-day Adventists and Baptists, who are flooding the country with their literature, and seeking to drag the people back to Sinai, instead of leading them up to Calvary"! We presume no reader of the SENTINEL needs to be told that the days of the month do not necessarily synchronize in numerical order with the days of the week. The fif-teenth day of the tenth month may have been any day of the week, from Sunday up to Satur-day, just as Christmas or one's birthday, may fall on any day of the week. Consequently "the eighth day" from the fifteenth day of any month can have no special connection what-ever with any day of the week. If the fif-teenth day of the tenth month,Šthe first of the feastŠwas Saturday, the eighth day would also be Saturday; and it is certain that "the eighth day" of this feast fell as often on the seventh-day Sabbath as it did on Sunday, just as certain as it is that the fourth of July falls as often on the seventh day of the week as on Sunday. And it fell as often on Tues-day, Wednesday, and the other days of the week, as it did on Saturday or Sunday. The argument is just as good for a Tuesday or Wednesday sabbath, as for anything else. Yet the Rev. Mr. Brookes gravely an-nounced to his audience that "it is worthy  of notice that in this crowning feast of the year . . there is a distinct reference to the Lord's day, or the Christian Sabbath. On the first day shall be a sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath' (Lev. 23: 39). There is, then, not only a seventh-day Sabbath but an eighth-day sabbath "! Truly, this " fact" of a " distinct reference " in this to the Sunday sabbath, has been " entirely overlooked by the Seventh-day Adventists and Baptists," as well as by other people posessed of common sense and a regard for the truth. This was not the extent of Mr. Brookes' daubing of the Sunday wall with untempered mortar, but it is sufficient for the purpose of this article, which is to show the reader the unstable character of this institution, even when fortified by its ablest defenders. Mr. Brookes did as well as any man could do in establishing the Sunday sabbath by the Word of God. It is an impossible task, since no such proof exists. The Word of the Lord has not spoken it. Yet the " American Sabbath Union" whose seventh anniversary was (fittingly) commor-ated by this discourse, exists for the purpose not only of persuading people to trust in this wall daubed with the untempered mortar of abortive Scriptural proof, but of compelling them to do so by the use of civil pains and penalties, whether they have any confidence in it or not! It is worth while in conclusion, to notice what the Lord says about this wall. While the true prophets of the Lord are proclaiming his word, announcing the end of all things at hand, the hour of God's judgment come, and the seventh-day Sabbath as a part of that eternal law by which the world will be judged, other prophets are opposing the message of warning with the cry of " Peace, peace," saying in effect to the people that there is no need of reform. However, we will not pro-long this article, but let the reader turn for himself to the thirteenth chapter of Ezekiel, and read verses 1-16. SUNDAY LAWS ARE ANTICHRISIAN. THE ground of objection to Sunday laws is much broader than can be covered by the mere necessity of guarding against the viola-tion of human rights. Sunday laws are anti-christian; and it is just as important, to say the least, that no law should be enacted which would be in opposition to the work of God, as that laws should be passed for the preser-vation of the rights of the people. Of course, all invasion of human rights is contrary to the gospel; but Sunday laws strike directly against the conception of God as the Creator. They exalt another day than the day set apart by the Creator as the memorial of his power and the sign of his Godhead. Hence they represent the working of a power that stands directly opposed to God. The Creator rested from his work of crea-tion upon the seventh day. He blessed and sanctified that day, making it the Sabbath for mankind. He gave men his Sabbath in order that they might know, as they observed it, that their God was the Creator. They might know that their God was one in whom they could trust, being he who made the heavens and the earth by his word. The need of mankind in this respect has certainly not lessened to day. As men realize their inherent sinfulness and weakness, they seek for some power in which they can trust for deliverence from the chains they have vainly endeavored by their own strength to rend asunder. They realize that only a powe 