THE -AMERICAN 235 reached its extreme point in New Haven, for each of the towns was governed by seven ecclesiastical officers known as pil-lars of the church.' These magistrates served as judges, and trial by jury was dispensed with, because no authority could be found for it in the laws of Moses." The Evil Precedent is Established. [In the House of Representatives, on July 15 and 16, Mr. Wheeler, of Alabama, spoke on the sundry civil bill. His remarks upon the question of the governmental closing of the World's Fair, on Sunday, are reprinted here.] MR. CHAIRMAN, there are other things in this bill to which I am seriously op-posed. I am opposed to the Congress of the United States legislating on the sub-ject of the local affairs of the people of Illinois. Illinois already has, and for half a century has had, on her statute books possibly the most stringent Sunday law of any State in the Union, except Pennsylvania, and the Pennsylvania law and the Illinois law are, I believe, copies of each other, The Illinois Sunday law of 1845 pre-scribes thatŠ Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of society by labor (works of necessity and charity excepted), or by any amusement or diversion on Sunday, shall be fined not exceeding twenty-five dollars, and whoever shall be guilty of any noise, rout, or amusement on the first day of the week, called Sunday, whereby the peace of any private family may be disturbed, shall be fined not exceed-ing twenty-five dollars. If the penalty is not sufficiently severe to preserve perfect order, the Legislature of Illinois and the municipal authorities of Chicago can increase its severity. I believe in Christianity; I believe in the holy Sabbath day, but I do not believe in the Congress of the United States violat-ing its functions by legislating on that subject. Mr. Chairman, Ł there are very many reasons why Congress should not enact a law requiring the Exposition to close its gates on Sunday. If we take control of the Exposition by such legislation we can not avoid the responsibility of its success and we can not refuse appropriations for its maintenance, and I also think it much better for the people of Illinois to legis-late upon this subject than for Congress to commence enacting laws of that char-acter. I do not propose to criticise the amendment which the gentleman from Illinois has presented to the House. I de-sire to say that I am opposed to any leg-islation by Congress with regard to the morals or religion of the people of Illi-nois. Legislation upon religious subjects by Congress is strictly prohibited by the Constitution :Š Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof. Mr. Livingston.ŠThe gentleman does not consider the Sunday question as a re-ligious question ? Mr. Wheeler, of Alabama.ŠYes, sir; I consider the Sunday question as one of the utmost importance to the Chris-tian religion. I regard the keeping of the fourth commandment as imperative, and I believe that all persons should " remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy," but I insist that it does not matter what plan is adopted in efforts which are made to inject religious legislation in Congress, the result is bound to be detri-mental to Christianity. When the Congress of the United States attempts to interfere with the reli-gious rights or customs of the people of any State by undertaking to regulate their observance of Sunday, or in other religious matters, then Congress is tres-passingŠit is treading on unconstitu-tional ground, and trespassing on grounds that the history of the world shows has been the foundation of great harm to the cause of religion. It does not make any difference whether we.proceed directly or indirectly. Whether we approach the question by positive legislation or by proviso and conditions, as is done in this case, no possible good can result, and it is establishing a prec-edent which can be used for great evil to the cause of Christianity, and my judg-ment is sustained in this by many eminent divines and most devout Christians. Their views are that all laws regarding religion should be enacted by local law-making powers. A law enacted by the Congress of a country so extended as ours, even though with the best intentions, very possibly might be very unsatisfactory to the reli-gious views of all the people to be affected. In fact, it is more than probable that a law on this subject might be pleasing to the people of Maine and yet not at all pleasing to the religious views of the peo-ple of California, and a law pleasing to people of one denomination might be very unsatisfactory to the people of another denomination. Therefore our forefathers felt that the best plan was to allow the States to make all laws upon this impor-tant and sacred subject. The men who framed the article of our fundamental law, which I have read, remembered that the seizure and persecu-tion of our Saviour Jesus Christ was under regularly enacted Roman laws. They remembered that in 1660 Bunyan was sentenced to twelve years' imprison-ment for " teaching men to worship con-trary to law," and for "upholding meet-ings contrary to the laws of the king." They remembered that in the great State of Virginia, on the 4th day of June, 1768, John Waller, Louis Craig, and James Childs were sent to jail, the prosecuting attorney, in presenting the case to the court, said :Š May it please your courtships, these men are great disturbers of the peace; they can not meet a man upon the road but they must ram a passage of scripture down his throat. They knew that in the State of Mary-land a few years prior to the adoption of this amendment pious men were jailed for " preaching the gospel of the word of God." It was the knowledge that laws upon religion enacted by law-making powers distant from and foreign to the people had caused wrongs and persecu-tions that suggested to our forefathers the propriety of incorporating in the very First Amendment, and first paragraph of that amendment, and first words of the paragraph, the provision prohibiting leg-islation of this character by Congress. I have great confidence in the people of Il-linois and the people of Chicago, and do not deem it necessary for Congress to un-dertake to interfere in such matters. I do not like the method adopted. Congress proposes to take $5, 000, 000 of the people's hard-earned money and give it to a rich corporation. This is a very wrong thing, and one they have no right to do. To palliate this great wrong in-flicted upon the people who pay taxes, they couple this gift with what they claim  is a very good proviso or conditionŠthat is to say, Congress will give $5,000,000 of the public money to this rich corporation upon condition that the rich, soulless cor-poration will promise to not open their gates on Sunday. The Church in Politics. THE following, clipped from the Pitts-burg Dispatch, of July 18, is an extract from a sermon delivered the evening be-fore from one of the popular pulpits of the city, and shows how elated "the Church " is becoming over the committal of the United States Senate to religious legislation, and how ready they are to take advantage of this fact in order to extend the influence and power of the Church in other matters equally outside its province :Š "Let there be made a law for the suppression of strikes and compulsory arbitration," remarked the Rev. J. D. Sands, during the course of his sermon last evening at the Seventh United Presbyterian Church, upon the subject of, " The Duty of the Church in the Labor Crisis." Ł Continuing, the pastor said, "The duty of the Church in such a time is to advocate some meas-ures of legislation that will reconcile the two great antagonistic partiesŠcapital and labor. That the Church has weight with great political or govern-ing bodies," he continued, " has been demonstrated most effectually in the late World's Fair matter, when the United States Senate, the highest body in the country, listened to the voice of religion and passed the World's Fair $5,000,000 appropriation bill with the Church instituted proviso that the gates of the great Exposition should not be opened upon Sunday. That grand, good fact suggests to the Christian's mind that if this may be done so may other equally needful measures. The Church i$ gaining power continually and its voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past. War is based upon two great human frailtiesŠselfishness and covetousness. When the Church eliminates these two dominating evils from the great mind of the public, then will such things as conflicts between capital and labor cease, but not until then. Conservatively and practically looking at this it is easy to perceive that the growth of the Church is much too slow for we who are now suf-fering from the dire effects to await, Therefore I say let the Church advocate some measures of leg-islation to reconcile the two great antagonistic bodies. Christ's brief journey upon earth was to reconcile men to God, to reconcile man to himself, and to reconcile man to his brother men. He came to promulgate peace between the human and the divine, between individuals and between nations. That it is gradually attaining that point is evi-denced by comparisons of the histories of the past with the histories of the present. Then war was of ordinary occurrence, now it is almost unknown except in a few isolated cases. The Church is gaining power, but not rapidly enough to scoff the idea of beseeching the high governing powers for intervention in such matters as we have just seen." So. the Church says, " Let there be a law for the suppression of strikes." Who shall introduce it ?ŠThe Church, for " the duty of the Church in such a time as this is to advocate some measure of legislation that will reconcile the two great antago-nistic partiesŠcapital and labor." What lies between these two great bodies that must be eliminated before they can be rec-onciled ?Š" Selfishness and covetousness," says Rev. Mr. Sands, and " when the Church eliminates these two 'dominating evils from the great mind of the public, then will such things as conflicts between capital and labor cease, but not until then." That selfishness and covetousness lie at the bottom, and are the root of all difficulties between capital and labor, is readily acceded, but that a minister of Jesus Christ should think of eliminating these from the " public mind " instead of the individual mind, and by civil law in-stead of the spirit of Christ, through the gospel, is a problem upon which honest men should meditate with candor. However, this is not the height of his 