MAY 14, 1896. AIVICIEIEUE CA_N Siguvr 155 might it be expected that a fountain could send forth at once both sweet and bitter water, as that the moral law can be enforced by civil enactments. If the moral law were left to be enforced by such means, it would fall infinitely short of being enforced at all. No less incredible is the statement which immediately followed this utterance, that " without civil law there would be no sabbath worth the name." The person who inclines to such a view should turn to Genesis and read the account of the institution of the Sabbath at creation. Ile will find that it was in no way related to or dependent upon the " civil law." It wasŠand isŠthe rest of God, by him hallowed and blessed, and by him made to-day a blessing to everyone who will observe it. The Sabbath is essentially spiritual, and as such is independent of all civil enactments. No man can be prevented by civil enactments from enjoying communion with God, which is the essence of true Sab-bath-keeping, as set forth in Isa. 58:13, 14. It is well, of course, that under proper circumstances the people should be urged to do all in their power to maintain honesty, decency, and justice in the affairs of the gov-ernment with which they are identified. But let this not be done by clergymen acting pro-fessedly in their capacity of ministers of the gospel of Christ. Let not the flock of God be fed upon the chaff of the " beggarly ele-ments" of the world. Let not the people be taught that the gospel of God is a scheme for the regeneration of earthly governments through the power which they themselves must exercise; but that it is " the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believ-eth " (Rom. 1: 16); that its salvation is salva-tion from sin and death; and its government and kingdom not such as can be evolved from amidst the sin and selfishness of this world, but the glorious government and kingdom of God, which will be set up on the new earth, after this world with all its earthly kingdoms shall have passed away, and will endure for-ever and ever. NO PRINCIPLE VIOLATED IN RELIGIOUS MARRIAGES. A CORRESPONDENT writes us as follows from Water to wn, , W is. Please give light on the following points:' The position is taken by some, that the principle of total separation of Church and State is encroached upon in the marriage ceremony as performed by the clergy. The reasons given are these: 1. It is a civil duty because authority is given by the State. 2. It becomes a religious duty if the clergyman performs the ceremony ; and because preaching and praying as well as sacred hymns form a part of the ceremony. Therefore it becomes a union of Church and State, say they. Please explain. So far as the State is concerned, marriage si simply a civil contract to be regulated by civil statute in accordance with the laws of our being, in such a way as to guard the rights of the contracting parties, their offspring, and the community. But while marriage is a natural, civil, social relation revealed in the great Book of nature, written in the very constitution of the human family, so that they naturally enter into it; it is also the subject of divine revelation. God has seen fit to throw around it the sanctions and safeguards of his revealed will. It is the duty and privilege of Christians to recognize the divine institution of the marriage relation by connecting with the marriage contract such  religious services as seem to them fitting; and for the State to forbid this would be des-potism. In some countries the Roman Catholic Church has secured the enactment of laws forbidding all civil marriages and requiring that all marriages be solemnized by the church. This is one extreme; the other would be to forbid religious marriages and require all marriages to be performed by a civil mag-istrate. ŁIŁ Ł THE FUNCTION OF CONSCIENCE. THE moral monitor of every man is his conscience. This monitor is implanted in man's very nature, and the importance of its office cannot be overestimated. It should at all times exercise the fullest control over the individual life. Whatever tends to interfere with its action, by depriving it of its power, lessens the individual's moral worth, and in the same degree his capacity for usefulness in society. An individual with no conscience is mere personified selfishness, a menace to every right of his fellow-beings, and isolated from every ordained purpose of human exist-ence. Conscience cannot constitute a moral stand-ard of right and wrong; but its monitions are nevertheless to be always heeded. The moral standard is the word of God; and by this word conscience must be directed and enlight-ened. Whatever the individual knows of that word, or of right and justice from whatever source, conscience seeks to enforce in his life. Conscience is always fully abreast of the in-dividual's knowledge of moral truth. The one who is obedient to all the dictates of conscience, is living up to all the light he has. Conscience, however, does not respond to every force that seeks to govern the individ-ual, but only to that which can bring convic-tion to the mind; and to seek to govern men by any other means, is to do that which must result in harm. Man was given a conscience and endowed with reason in order that he might be governed through his own free will. Mere force is not the proper means of govern-ment for reasoning beings. It is true that civil government operates by force and not by persuasion; but civil government is based upon reason, and its machinery and laws are such as reason sanctions. And conscience dictates obedience to all that which reason requires. It is the right of men everywhere to require that all legislation should be reas-onable; it is their right to live under a gov-ernment by the principles of which reason and conscience are not sought to be fettered. It is their right to secure such government, even at the cost of revolution. When any individual is forced to do that which is contrary to reason and the dictates of his conscience, an injury is done to his moral nature. When conscience is violated, its vitality is impaired; and from unwillingly violating his conscience under pressure put upon him by others, the individual erelong descends to the point of voluntary disregard of its dictates, in which condition he is en-tirely unfitted for usefulness as a citizen, and becomes a menace instead of a blessing to so-ciety and to the State. The State wants citizens who are conscien-tious,Šwhose actions in all things are gov-erned by regard for the rights of their fellows, and a sense of accountability to the final Judge of all the earth. To this end it is nec-essary that its laws shall be reasonable and just. " Law " must not be set above reason  and justice, even though its repeal be speedily anticipated. Conscientious regard for the right is the best guarantee of the individual's worth as a citizen; and in order that this re-gard may be as deep and as widespread as pos- sible, the government must be careful that its forces work in harmony with those reasonable and intelligent convictions of right with which conscience is inseparably connected. Other-wise there will speedily spring up in the minds of the people a contempt for law and a dis-trust of the machinery of government to se-cure the rights and blessings to which they feel themselves to be entitled. He who surrenders his own rights, cannot be expected to defend the rights of others; and he who violates his own conscience cannot be expected to regard the consciences of others. " Laws" to compel the conscienceŠsuch for example as " sabbath laws "Šcannot but op-erate detrimentally to the State. Law must be based upon the principle of the protection of rights; based upon any other principle, a " law " will invade rights instead of protect-ing them. A nation will wax or wane in the scale of true prosperity in proportion as its govern-ment approximates to that perfect form under which the minds and consciences of men are left without restraint in the exercise of their natural and proper functions. THE BARBERS' SUNDAY LAW OF CALIFORNIA IDECLARED UNCONSTITUTIONAL. THE cause of religious legislation has re-ceived a backset in California by the recent decision of the State Supreme Court, declar-ing the " Barbers' [Sunday] Law " to be un- constitutional. This " law" was enacted not long since in response, ostensibly, to a demand from the barbers, based upon the hardship of being compelled to carry on their business seven days in the week. In the endeavor to create sentiment in favor of Sunday legisla-tion, much is made of the alleged involuntary servitude of the working men to the exactions of employers and of the public, which demand the continuance of labor throughout the entire week; but the view taken by the court was evidently different from that held up before the people by the word-painters who are agi-tating for Sunday enforcement. Among other things the court said:Š This law was made to protect the laborer from the capitalist; but it is not easy to see how it does so. It deprives a man of the right to labor and to enjoy the fruits of his toil. It is a curious law for the protec-tion of labor which punishes the laborer for work-ing; yet that is precisely what the law considered does. Certainly, any person who wishes to labor upon the first day or any other day of the week, should be allowed the privilege of doing so by a law the purpose of which is to protect labor. There is no protection of labor in a law which compels a person to be idle when he wishes to work, or punishes him for honest, manly toil. It is not clear how, in a country where all involuntary servitude is illegal except in the case of criminals, there can be any real need of protection for labor. What is wanted in this country, as in most other countries, is a more general opportunity to engage in hon-est, remunerative toil, and not the curtail-ment of such opportunities as there are. Not more idle men, but more employed men, is what the country needs. Its idle men consti-tute already one of the chiefest menaces to its welfare. Sunday legislation is class legislation of the A SUBSCRIBER. 