AMERICAN SENTINEL. 557 Independence Not Yet. A. PRESS dispatch from Washington, D. C., dated the 28th inst., says that the President's proclamation for taking the Cuban census is not to be construed as a promise of speedy independence for the Cubans. "It was authoritatively stated at the War Depart-ment that there was nothing in the proclamation lead-ing to the conclusion that it was the intention of the Government to give immediate independence to Cuba. It is the intention of the Government to follow the cen-sus with municipal elections and the inauguration of home rule in those localities where, the people are fitted for it, but beyond this the general scheme will not be carried. "It will be the first of next year before the full results of the census will be known, and those who are in a posi-tion to know assert it will be long after that before the President will be willing to turn the government of the island over to the natives and withdraw the American troops and American supervision _of the island. It has been intimated that in some quarters that absolute home rule and independence will not be given to Cuba until the trial in the large cities has been given a thor-ough test." THE loss of property in Porto Rico due to the recent hurricane is estimated by merchants of the island at $75,000,000. "Possession" and "Aggression." IN a speech at Pittsburg, on the occasion of the re-turn of Pennsylvania troops from the Philippines, the chief exponent and defender of imperialism said:Š "Until the treaty [with Spain] was ratified we had no authority beyond Manila city, bay and harbor. We then had no other title to defend, no authority beyond that to maintain. Spain was still in possession of the remainder of the Archipelago." Then what were the insurgents in possession of? As a matter of fact, it is well known that Spain held almost nothing in the island of Luzon beyond the city and har-bor of Manila when the fleet of Admiral Dewey entered Manila Bay. With one or two slight exceptions, no Spanish forces have been heard of in the islands except-ing those in and around Manila. The same speaker said that the "first blow was struck by the insurgents," that the latter were the ag-gressors, etc. Suppose, then, that a European ruler should issue a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to submit to the rule of his government, to be benevolently assimilated into his empire, and should send here an armed force to enforce it. Would that be construed by Americans as an act of aggression? and would they become the aggressors in resisting it? Who can answer these questions and justify the na-tional policy in Asia? TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Nantes Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bane Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   ENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. 44 " Six months .50. it Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Cannot '40.  1, Thrill the Heart IV 4/. of the Reader " 1 )./ 4.,  LOOKING UNTO JESUS. Cloth edition, beautifully bound in buckram, cover printed in four colors, postpaid, - $1.00 Presentation edition, gold side stamp, gold edges, A very acceptable present, postpaid, $1.50 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PlLTES. 39 Bond St., New York. /Camas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. Is what the "Christian Work" (New York City) says of our ŠNEW BOOKŠ The object of this book is to teach us to look unto Jesus from every scriptural point of view. It treats espe-cially of the present posi-tion and work of our Lord in the Heavenly Sanct-uaryŠa theme of interest to every Christian. 