AMERICAN SENTINEL. 637 ture as to get more to hold." Touching the theme of national expansion, the bishop said:Š "Wide, ayeŠwide, the work of the church should be. Extension is in the air for us Americans now. If we fall into line at its bugle blast some may claim to our risk and harm that it is an unwonted call, an out-of-the-way call, an unfit call to such as we are. Be that as it may, the logical course of events is a force not to be counted out, and it may make the sounding of bugle calls and the rolling forward of the chariot wheels of destiny things that we cannot stop if we would. "We who think are startled and subdued and awed at the responsibilities devolved upon the Union now. "Now, if the things which we are looking at as citi-zens are wide and far and deep, how shall we bear it if the church cowers and draws back and lies down? We ought to be, we want to be, the hammer and the arm driving it, to strike hard Hawaii, Porto RicoŠgo for-ward to possess the land. The PhilippinesŠif the flag we honor and love is to float sovereign thereŠgo ye in there also. And if the forceful logic of events that we wot of lift the flag into prominence over other regions yetŠgo ye there, too, to bide and work and help and save. "We may find China likely to be our neighbor, even in the ordinary sense of mundane locality. In the literal' sense and in the catechism's sense she has been our neigh-bor for years. "Then for our own countrymen shall this church be content with any narrower aim than to be in zeal and duty and sympathy the American Church. "We need not the fact that we are gathered in the nation's capital to remind us how thick and fast are growing the nation's responsibilities, which are centering here. "The Anglo-Saxon race seems harnessed to the two-fold work of giving to the world the sweets of personal liberty and the restraints of order without which liberty cannot be preserved." But is not the church right in supporting the policy of national expansion, that she may go to new fields un-der the protection of the national flag? The answer is that the power of the Church of Christ is not national power, but that of the Holy Spirit, with which the disci-ples were baptized at Pentecost, and by which the early church proclaimed the gospel with a power and success that have never been equaled since. The divine hand, that is over all the affairs of men, may bring opportuni-ties for the gospel out of war and political strife, even as he has the power to compel the wrath of man to praise him. But it is not for his church to join in the strife or to depend upon any one of the contending powers. Her motto must always be "Not by might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, salt h the Lord." THE value of formal prayerŠof the letter without the spiritŠis illustrated in the lives of the inhabitants of Thibet. "The Tibetans," says The Missionary Alliance, are the most preeminent praying people on the face of the earth. They have praying-stones, praying-pyramids, praying-flags flying over every house, praying-wheels,  praying mills, and the universal prayer, 'Om mani pad me haun,' is never out of their mouths. A German writer on Lamaism says of this sentence, which literally means, `Oh, God! the jewel in the lotus,' that these six syllables are, of all the prayers on earth, the one which is most frequently repeated, written, printed, and conveniently offered up by mechanical means. They constitute the only power which the common Mongols and Tibetans know; they are the first words which the stammering children learn, and are the last sighs of the dying." -91 Preserving the Peace in Allegheny City. THE good people of Allegheny City, Pa., entertain peculiar views on the question of what is necessary to preserve the public peace. In the view of a number of the city clergymen, the peace of the city is being dis-turbed by the preaching of religious doctrines contrary to the generally-accepted beliefs, on the part of two men who are conducting meetings in a tent. One of the latter writes concerning these clergymen that they "are coun-seling together (Protestants and Catholics in union), and have informed us that they are circulating a petition to compel us to leave the city, because we molested the peace of the different churches." And while this is going on, it is announced that "Police Superintendent Muth, of Allegheny, says that Corbett and McCoy can spar here during the week of the Knights Templars conclave"Šthough not to a finishŠand that "the city will be open to all kinds of legitimate sport for the entertainment of the visitors." It is a very peculiar kind of peace which is not disturbed by the pres-ence of the class which always gathers at the ringside of a meeting between noted pugilists, but cannot tolerate two men who are conducting peaceful gospel services in a tent. However, we do not expect the petition of the clergymen to succeed. 9,-49--95 The Farce of Army Chaplains. "The Independent," New York. THE Regular Army has been increased about two and a half times. The staff corps have had large additions. For example, the medical corps, which embraced nearly two hundred surgeons before the war began, has been largely increased, and the same is true as to all other branches of the regulars, save the chaplains. Everything has been done, or at least attempted, to add to the facil_ ties of all these departments of the army. But the chaplains, only thirty-four in numberŠa number very small even in the light of conditions exist-ing through all the past yearsŠhave not had a single addition to their number. If we can judge from the serv-ice papers there does not seem to have been a suggestion made by the War Department or Congress looking to such increase, or recognizing any special need of chap- 