`The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Oar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it .may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have ,.not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay ,for it (Entered at the New York Post-offien.1 Im is better to know how to live, than how to die. -1/ 444  INTOLERANCE is always glad to shake hands with error. IF you do not have religious liberty to grant to others, you do not have it at all. 10 - To submerge individualism in nationalism, would be like trying to have dollars without cents. .111;- - 4, NOT "Remember the Maine," but "The faith of Jesus," is the watchword of Christian warfare. A SINGLE dollar saved for eternity is better than a million dollars saved for a few years of time. A CHRISTIAN loves peace; a "Christian power" loves piece, and is always willing to fight to keep it, THE choice is laid before every person in the world, of Łdenying self or denying God. He must do one or the other. • -41 IF this nation should acquire the "big head" by vic-tory over Spain, it might be worse in the end than if it were now to suffer defeat. ment in Spain and Cuba, she can, and would, harmonize with Spanish government in the United States. GOD could destroy the whole world in a moment of time, but his wisdom is made known in the gospel by which he would save the world. True wisdom seeks to save life, not to destroy it. THE barbarians conquered Rome, but the principles of Rome conquered the barbarians. Shall those princi-ples now conquer the Anglo-Saxons? If so, then the overthrowing of Spanish armadas will have been a use-less task. 40-4 "THE powers that be are ordained of God." So saith the Scripture; and strangely enough, this text is used to justify obedience to the "powers that be" in opposition to the commands of God. Can the thing ordained be superior to Him who or-ordained it? If not, as is self-evident, then cannot the command of men be superior to the precept of Jehovah. "His kingdom ruleth over all." IT is declared by both Catholics and Protestants in this country that "this is a Christian nation." Now it is a fact that Catholics do not admit that Protestantism is Christianity. Even the stoutest de-fender of Catholic "liberality" must admit this. When Catholics, therefore, say that "this is a Chris Ł tian nation," they mean that it is a Catholic Christian nation. Whatever Protestants may mean by the ex-pression, it is certain that this is the meaning, and the only meaning, it has for Catholics. Roman Catholics and Protestants, therefore, are ar-rayed against each other in this claim for national recog-nition,Šeach one claiming to be the party which makes the nation Christian, and the Catholics at least, denying the position of the Protestants. -The Supreme Court decision raised this controversy, "IF ANY MAN HEIR MY WORDS, AND RELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VoL. 13, No. 20. NEW YORK, MAY 19, 1898. Single copy 3 cents. 4+.  IF the papacy can harmonize with Spanish govern. 