CHRIST BEFORE PILATE. M_ERICAN SENTINEL. 5 " We Have No King But Caesar." ON that fateful day when Pilate had exhausted nearly every resource at hand, in unavailing efforts to save Christ from the power of an angry, infuriated mob, he ventured a last, evasive objection to their demands, in the question: "Shall I crucify your king?" A concert of voices from the chief priests quickly returned the answer : "We have no king but Caesar." John 19:15. Jesus had been dragged by an excited populace before the civil ruler of Judea on charges of a trivial nature, yet they had asked that the sentence of death should be passed , upon him. Pilate, suspecting that all was not right in their representation of the case, took the prisoner aside, and questioned him relative to the charges preferred. Finding no cause of condemnation in him, the gov-ernor gave a ver-dict in accordance therewith to the people, who would not receive it. Finding that they could not compass their ends by legal process, the fren-zied priests claim-ed the right, by a religious law of their own, to pun-ish the object cf their hatred. Said they: " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God." That is to say, their law regulat-ing religious belief and practice, called for the death of their victim, and therefore the civil power ought not to prevent them from executing its demands. This opened a new phase of the controversy to Pilate, and gave him no little anxiety. From what Christ had revealed of himself to the governor when privately exam-ined, he saw that religious malice alone lay at the bottom of the priests' demand for the blood of Christ. However much he might desire to release the innocent victim of their hatred, he realized that he would not be able to do justice in the matter, without making himself odious in their eyes. Being at that time, too, held under suspicion by theemperor, on account of some irregularity, he feared that, if he offended these fanatical priests, they might ac-complish his political overthrow. Thus timid and undecided, the governor was greatly embarrassed. An earnest appeal, just received from his  wife, '"Have thou nothing to do with that just man" (Matt. 27:19), couPled With the conviction forced upon his conscience by the private interview with Christ, made him hesitate. He well knew what would have been the right course to take, but his political standing was in the balance. The crafty priesthood fully comprehended the situation, and, taking advantage of the opportunity, quickly exclaimed: "If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend ; whoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Cmsar." This effort was well-timed on the part of the priests, and had its effect on Pilate. The priests saw this also, and were determined to follow up the advantage thus gained. In reply to the governor's next appeal for them to consider Christ as their King, they vehemently cried out: "Away with him, crucify him." Then came the final question from the govern-or: "Shall I crucify your King?" The answer returned settled the contro-versy, by deciding Pilate to give Christ into the hands of his ac-cusers. In that the priests covert-ly  insinuated that the governor was not loyal to the emperor. "We have no king but Cmsar," said they thus intimating that Pilate bad, or was about adopting, another king than Caesar in the person of Christ. It seems easy to see from this distance the inconsist-ency of Pilate's course, in violating every principle of justice, and his own conscience as well, in yielding to the clamor of the Jewish priests for the life of Christ. Al-though the Roman civil law assumed control of men's consciences, yet this judge of the Roman tribunal saw no cause of action against the victim of priestly malice. Notwithstanding this, the mob spirit of the occasion forced the point against the decision of the judge, making him yield to their unjust demands. Strange as it may seem to some, this wasybut the le-gitimate result of religion united with the civil power. By this union, the priests, to whom was committed the administration of religious rites, carried that influence with the civil power that, when a covert threat was made, the civil magistrate gave over to their frenzy, one in 