111111.——,—. .11.1).11$/111111110111iIIIIIIII(11 anoi 1" !).4 ,1109. Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JULY 16, 1891. NUMBER 28. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND Sr., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. AT Erfurt, Germany, the members of a club which attended an atheistic lecture, in a body, have been indicted, it is said, at the instance of the Emperor, on the plea that their action was "to the scandal of all true believers." Emperor William should be elected an honorary member of the National Reform Association, forth-with. IT is stated that the Columbian Sunday Association during the last two months has spent six hundred dollars in postage alone. Their weekly postage bill on arti-cles sent out to papers in the Sixth District of the American Sabbath Union is forty dollars. Mass meetings are held weekly in different parts of Chicago to discuss Sunday closing in general and World's Fair closing in particular. These meet-ings are assuming the nature of patriotic gatherings where the ministers teach that the American Republic rests on the foun-dation of the American Sabbath, and that the American Sabbath can not be pre-served without law. The agitation is in-deed becoming interesting. THE London dispatches of June 29, say:Š In view of the outcry made by the members of the Lord's Day Rest Association, and others, to the proposed visit of the Kaiser Wilhelm on Sunday, July 12, to the naval exhibition in London, the German Kaiser has consented to postpone that visit to some day during the week commencing July 12. The National Reformers might make an interesting logical deduction from this, if only it were the Czar instead of the  Kaiser, for as the Czar is an absolute monarch he is the government in himself, and should he officially acknowledge the authority of the " Christian Sabbath " the Russian nation, in his person, would be-come a " Christian nation," and one hun-dred million of people be Christianized at one fell swoop. That " Civil " "Sacred " Day. QUESTION number three and its answer, of that important document, Leaflet No. 31, National Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, Sabbath Observance Depart-raent, are as follows :- 3. Should not the national Sunday-rest law sim-ply enjoin a seventh day, and not presume to settle the vexed question as to which is the Sab-bath ? Answer.ŠThe law could never be enforced un-less the day was uniform, and it is reasonable to choose as the civil rest day the day recognized by the vast majority as a sacred day, rather than one so held by less than one-half of one per cent. of the people. The bill speaks of the first day of the week without touching the " vexed question." If the day of rest which they require be only of a civil character, and the rest be only for sanitary reasons,,  then why is it that a law cannot be enforced, simply en-joining rest on one day of the week, with-out reference to any particular day ? It would be just as easy to enforce such a law as that as it would be to enforce a law demanding that Sunday alone be observed as a rest day. For the truth of the state-ment that such a law could never be en-forced we have only the bare word of Mrs. Bateham to that effect. But as to why it is so, she offers no direct proof whatever. Yet in the words which follow, there is indirect proof as to why such a law could not be enforced, and that is that it is not the civil rest day at all that they want en-forced, nor is it in any sense for sanitary reasons. It is " as a sacred day," and that only, that they want laws enforcing the observ-ance of a .day of rest; and it is for relig-ious reasons only that it is demanded. And this is why the law could never be en- forced requiring the observance of simply one day of the week as a day of rest with-out reference to any particular day. If such a law as that were enacted there would be no recognition of any particular day " as a sacred day ;" and therefore those who demand the enforcement of a sacred day would have no heart to enforce such a law, and those who care nothing for it in the first place would not enforce it. Consequently thus, and thus only, is it true that such a law " could never be enforced." Therefore, as it is a sacred day which the Sunday-law workers want recognized by the Government, and. its observance enforced, this, and this only, is the reason why the day must be uni-form. The reason which Mrs. Bateham gives why it must be uniform is that " it is reasonable to choose as a civil rest day, the day which is recognized by the vast majority as a sacred day." That is to say, the State must adopt the ideas as to a sacred day entertained by a part of the people, and enforce upon all the people the observance of these ideas of sacred things. This is simply stating in another form the question and answer which we noticed last week, that the things gener-ally considered holy shall be adopted and enforced by the Government as such, and the same remarks which we made upon that will apply fully to this. If a thing is really sacred, it is easy to get people to respect it as such, without any effort on the part of that which is profane to com-pel the recognition of its sacredness. Any such effort certainly profanes its sacred-ness just so far as the effort is recognized. When that which is sacred is allied with that which is profane, then the sacred is profaned just so far as the alliance is rec-ognized. Therefore, the true respect and observance of sacred things can never be secured by any other means than that of the sacredness of the thing itself, and the power of that sacredness to secure the re-quired respect and observance. So that if the thing be sacred indeed, no other means can over rightly be used to secure the re- 