250 THE AlVIERIGAN SENTINEL. the United States, it therefore follows, logically and , justly, that no State Can make any law, or enforce any law that is already made, which would interfere in any way with the right of an obServer of the seventh day, or any other, to be free from any interference whatever on the part of, or in behalf of, those who observe Sunday or any other day. Legislation and laws in behalf of Sun-day, being religious legislation solely, are clearly prohibited to Congress by the First Amendment to the Constitution. It therefore follows that so far as the power of the United States is concerned, every citizen of the United States has perfect immunity from any such legisla-tion. And as the Fourteenth Amendment makes all persons born or naturalized in the United States citizens of the United States first of all, and then positively pro-hibits any State from making or enforcing any law abridging the privileges or im-munities of citizens of the United States, it follows that properly and logically the Constitution of the. United States abso-lutely prohibits any State from making or enforcing any Sunday law. And much more does it prohibit the enforcement of the observance of Sunday upon those who religiously observe another day. We know that this point has never be-fore been raised under the Constitution, and consequently the Supreme Court has never yet passed upon this im-portant question. But that this is the logic. of the Constituion upon. this point seems clear, even in the face of the adverse opinion of Judge Hammond ; and that we have excellent authority for saying that this is the proper construction of the Con-stitution is equally clear. Hon. James G. Blaine was in Congress when the Fourteenth Amendment was adopted. He played a leading part in all the move-ments which secured the adoption of this amendment as a part of the Constitution. His opinion of the meaning of this clause of the amendment is therefore of great value. On pages 312-314, Vol. II. of his work, "Twenty Years of Congress," Mr. Blaine . discusses the value and im-portance of the Fourteenth Amendment, and on page 314 are the following words: The language of the Fourteenth Amendment is authoritative and mandatory: "No: State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." Under the force of these weighty inhibitions, the citizen of foreign birth cannot be persecuted by discriminating stat-utes, nor can the citizen of dark complexion be,de-prived of .a single privilege or immunity which be-longs to the white;mau. Nor can, the Catholic, or the Protestant, or the Jew be ,placed under ban or subjected-to any deprivation of personal or relig-ious right. The provision is comprehensive and absolute, and sweeps away at once every form of,  oppression, and every,denial of justice, This clearly tonches the point at issue in the, case which is proposed to be carried  up from Tennessee. If the Catholic, or the Protestant, or the Jew can not be placed under ban, or subjected to any deprivation of personal or religious right, then certainly any one of these classes is free from religious subjection to the re-ligious dictates or observances of any' of the others. And as this is true as between Protestants and Catholics, and between Catholics-and Jews, and between Prot-estants and Jews, it is equally true as between one class of Protestants and an-other; and therefore the Sunday-keeping people of Tennessee or of any other State, can not place under ban, or subject to their religious dictates, under penalties of law, a people who choose to observe an-other day than Sunday. This is a question of the deepest interest and of the greatest importance to every citizen of the United States. We are glad that the question is to be brought to the test. The Constitution, the logic, the just-ice, are all on the side of Mr, King and the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, which has espoused his , cause. Whether the law will be put there also, remains to be seen; for that depends now upon how the United States Stipreme Court shall decide. The World's Fair and the Liquor Dealers. I HAVE watched the Columbian Sunday closing movement with much interest, and am surprised to find that thug far there have been no indications of an alliance be-tween the liquor dealers and the ministers in bringing about the desired result. It surely would be much to the liquor deal-ers' interest to have the Exposition closed on Sunday. Whether it be closed or opened on that day will make no differ-ence to such as have a predilection for church services; such would attend church in either case. It would make a differ-ence whether the Fair be closed or opened, to the other class, but this difference if it be closed would be entirely in the saloon keepers' favor Thousands will be in Chi-cago during the Fair who do not care for religious institutions, or who are indiffer-ent toward them. He who conscientiously observes Sunday will not be kept from church should the Exposition be opened on that day, and hence if it be closed it will effect the religiously indifferent and the unbeliever. It will alienate from Chris-tianity.  the, man_ who may.  have an indiffer-' ent leaning toward it, because if he be' a just man; he will be embittered by any-thing that is °coercive. Thus, religion,will be the loser and:that. from among the very class whom the Sunday closing movement is, designed to effect. Besides this nega-tive result there will be a positive result..  The injustice, and coercion, of this move-. ment will drive the religiously indifferent,  man, who might have attended: church regularlY during, his. stay in Chicago if  left to exercise the free will God has given him, over to the positively irreligious ranks, so far as Sunday observance is con-cerned, during the Fair, if indeed it does not render him entirely antagonistic to all religious institutions at all times. Having now joined the two classes, this fanatical Sunday closing movement will not stop there, for with no clean, healthful and ele-vating exhibition to go to, and with no desire to mingle with the Christians who thus have curtailed God-given liberties; it is easy, to see who will receive these people and to whom the Sunday fanatics have driven them. A' missionary approached a crowd of boys in one of our city slums, " Boys," he began, " when mother and father forsake you, who will take you up?" " Der perlice, sir, der perlice I" was the re-sponse. So, if you shut the doors of the World's Fair, who stands ready to receive those who are turned away ?ŠWhy the liquor dealer and saloon keeper of course. And does not the liquor dealer see this ? ŠTo be sure he does. How fanaticism will blind men I These zealots fail to see that religion has nothing to gain by their zeal, and the liquor interests will be far from losing by the success of the movement to close the Fair on Sunday. There must be some reason why the saloon keeper has not joined hands with the Sunday advocate. It certainly cannot be because he is afraid that his offer of assistance will be spurned, since every-body ought to know that the advocate of the coercive measures to bring about a stricter observance of Sunday will pool issues with anybody. Liquor dealers ought not to be discouraged in attempts to bring about such an alliance, when it is well known that most of the Sunday-law advocates regard papists as the foes of all that is good, and concerning whom they read awful judgments in the Scriptures, and yet, .when it comes to an alliance for the preservation of Sunday they are cor-dially welcomed. In one breath these re-formers denounce Catholics as, the Lord's enemies, and in the next they welcome them as helpers in support of the " Lord's day," so-called. The saloon keeper, it is safe to assume, knows, that, outside of the Sun-day question, Catholics are objects of Prot-estant hatred, and yet, when this insti-tution of Sunday observance needs help, the Catholic is a welcomed ally. So he may reason, that, although otherwise an object of attack, he would be welcomed as an aid to close the Fair on Sunday.. He has also other reasons for believing that his help would be welcome. The' Sunday reformer has hiS physical interests at heart. He has plead the saloon keepers' cause, by asserting that they need a rest clay also. That saloons should be closed on Sunday to give the wasted energies of barkeepers a chance to. recuperate. He does not, use this as an argument, yet it is one, namely, that if the barkeeper and saloon keeper have their. Sunday rest, they can better ply 