Py  wo EXACT JUST/Cr tb4,4, 14 E AMERICAN Sti\l‚tiNEL. vention of which I had the honor, to be president, when it was formed, so as to endanger the rights of any religious denomination, then I never should have attached my name to that instrument. If I had any idea that the general Government was so administered'that liberty of conscience was endan-gered, I pray you be assured that no man would be more willing than myself to revise and alter that part of it, so as to avoid religious persecution. You can,, without doubt, remember that I have often expressed my opinion that every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience. GEORGE WASHINGTON. "This letter is copied from `An Appeal to the Friends of Equal Rights and Reli-gious Freedom in the United States,' by the Seventh-day Baptist General Confer-ence, published in 1846, and shows conclu-sively that `the Father of his Country' had no sympathy with nor approval of Sun-day laws like those on our statue book, which would punish a Jew or a Seventh-Day Baptist or Adventist for not observ-ing as a day of rest a day which, accord-ing to his religious belief, is one of those upon which he is commanded to labor and do all his work. It is these oppressive and persecuting Sunday laws which the Democratic party proposes to repeal and which the Republican party pledges itself to, retain on the statute book. Let all friends of civil and religious liberty bear this in mind to-day." Georgia Methodists and. Sunday Closing. AT the recent session of the North Georgia Conference of Southern Method-ists, they passed resolutions calling on the managers of the World's Fair to close that exhibition on Sunday, and Łalso pleading that Sunday rest be granted to the railroad men. Let the Church work for the conversion of men, and leave the Fair to look after'  itself. And also let it tell the railroad men, and everybody else, that they now have the privilege to rest on Sunday if they wish to, and no one can hinder them. But the North Georgia Conference doubt-less means by its vote that it wants the,  railroad man to be allowed to rest without any danger of losing his job. However a church that wants a man to be allowed to observe a religious institution without making any sacrifices, has certainly over-looked a very essential point in the teach-ings of Christ. If a man has convictions in the matter he should follow them re-gardless of business positions or anything of the kind. If he does not have convic-tions, he should not be compelled, by law, to follow what some one else may regard as right or duty. MANY and dark have been the crimes committed in the name of liberty, but they are no more numerous, nor of deeper dye than are the abominations practiced in the name of the religion of Him in whose mouth was found no guile, and in whose life there was no sin. INT.A.TIONTAS4  Relioloils Libutil fissoGiatioll KEEP "1."CfE AND Ina cmill foREVERstrAM'"Prt  DEGLftRfiTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy theines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 4$ BOND Sr.,ISIEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W,, WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. R. C. PORTER  A. F. BALLENGER THE Ministered Union of Baltimore has joined the movement in Washington, D. C., to discountenance Sunday funerals. ALBERT G. Sco'rT, member of the World's Fair Commission, from Nebraska, read a paper at the late Sabbath Union Convention at Des Moines, IowaŁ arguing that the Fair should be closed on Sunday. THE Edgerton supplement of the Gardner Graphic, Kansas, reports, in a single issue, three arrests for offenses against the Sunday laws of the place, such as selling a whip, a glass of lemonade, etc. MILWAUKEE does not attempt to enforce its Sun-day laws, and a comparison of the proportion of arrests to its population, as compared with sixteen other cities of the United States of over 150,000 inhabitants, shows the proportionate percentage of arrests in Milwaukee to be about one-third that of the average of other cities. Does this mean that two-thirds of the arrests in the large cities of the country are for infraction of Sunday ordinances ? Or what is the significance of so peculiar a fact ? Now that the Swine Breeders' Association and the American Short-horn Breeders' Association have put themselves on record as asking for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, the Bee-Keepers' Association follows suit by voting, two to one, at its convention in Chicago in favor of clos-ing the Fair on Sunday. If the little busy bee can, by resolution, be re-strained from improving the shining hours of Sun-day at the World's Fair, the only thing required further is a World's Fair baking powder that will not rise on Sunday. THE Mail and Express says, "A grave error has bee'n made in the past in permitting religious de-nominations to control some of the Indian schools. There should be an absolute separation of Church and State, and Indian schools supported by the Government should be nonsectarian in all respects. The public sentiment of American citizens utterly opposes all denominational interference with the `public school, system, and the Indian schools re-semble in their intent and purpose the free institu-tions in which white children are educated and prepared for lives of usefulness." This is true; the Government has fallen into a very grave error in this instance, but its error is no less serious in this than in any other case, where it  has permitted the State to assume legislative pat-ronage of religion. Denominational prejudice, jeal-ousy of Roman Catholic influence, has opened the eyes of the Mail and Express to the truth in this particular case. The acknowledgement of the ap-plication of this principle of non-interference with the public schools by the Church, here made, arises from sectarian selfishness and not from any vision, transitory even, of the principles which should govern the relations of Church and State. THE United Presbyterian is so filled with the idea of the efficacy of the "boycott" as a means of closing the World's Fair on Sunday that it harps upon that thought continually ; in a late issue the Presbyterian says: "So great are the issues involved that we be-lieve that we should refuse all part in the World's Fair unless the Sabbath is recognized by the clos-ing of the gates on that day. Every State should order its exhibit to be closed, and they who love the Sabbath should refuse to contribute to an expo-sition that violates it." THE Law and Order League of Pittsburg secured a conviction in a case against the owners of a river steamer for carrying excursion parties on Sunday. The case was appealed and the conviction by the justice court affirmed on the ground that the steamer was "doing a strictly secular business con-trary to law." Suppose the steamer should do " a strictly religious business " on some other day of the week, what would be the penalty ? REPRESENTATIVE MORSE, of Massachusetts has in-troduced in the House a bill "to prohibit the open-ing on Sunday of any exposition for which the United States makes appropriations." Such a bill Would not only make it impossible for Congress to appropriate anything further to the Chicago Expo-sition except under the explicit understand-ing that it shall be closed on Sunday, but would also render it impossible for the United States to make an official exhibit in any exposition of a for-eign country, without a previous guarantee from that government that it shall not be opened on Sun-day. The United States then becomes the world wide apostle of Sunday. THE United Presbyterian thus chronicles the progress of " Sunday Reform " in Newark, N. J. : " Public sentiment is very much aroused, just now, in regard to Sabbath traffic of all kinds. The butchers of six wards have formed organizations to secure Sabbath closing. On the 5th, the officers of these organizations signed the following circular letter, which was sent to every retail butcher (about 350) in the city: " Dear Sir: The Sabbath closing of the butchers will be brought up and commended by Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts at the 'meeting to be held in the Young Men's Christian Association Hall, in Clinton St., on Sabbath, the 6th, at 4 o'clock. The subject is " The Scientific Basis of the Sabbath. . . . Come, that you may fully understand what we are fighting for. He will also speak at the Catholic Institute on Sabbath evening. " (Signed) . . " The signers are officers of the Butchers' Sabbath Closing Association, and are the committee ap-pointed to wait on the Mayor and Police Commis-sioners to demand the enforcement of the laws and ordinances forbidding traffic on Sabbath." THE agitation of the Sunday question still contin-ues in Atlanta, Georgia, as shown by this extract from the Atlanta Constitution:Š " The following resolution, which was introduced by Alderman' Woodward at a recent meeting of the council, and adopted, is causing the railroad em-ployes a great deal of trouble: " Resolved, That all laws, state and municipal in PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 