AMERICAN SENTINEL. 165 Thus far in our investigation of this prophecy the evidence has been overwhelming that this nation is posi-tively the only one that answers to the symbols found in Rev. 13:11. In asking the question "What i4 the Mark?" we shall find the evidence just as convincing and as plentiful, for there can possibly be only one answer. In all the history of the United States there is posi-tively only one institution, and that too a religious one, that has been set forth as a markŠjust one that is regarded as a test of loyalty; and that institution is SUNDAY. Furthermore, there is positively only one institution that the papacy claims as her own to which she points as "the mark" of her authority; and that institution is SUNDAY. It is well known that for over a third of a century strong, determined efforts have been made to have the Constitution so changed as to have all Christian laws and usages made a part of the fundamental law of the land, and chiefest among these is the Sunday. At first the movement was not received very favora bly, but it grew, so that to-day the cause is espoused by nearly every denomination and religious society and or-ganization in the land. Prominent among the representative utterances in behalf of Sunday are the following:Š "For nothing were the noble men who planted true Christianity and an evangelical church in the wilderness, now constituting the United States, more distinguished than for their reverence of the Sabbath [Sunday]. It was quite a prominent feature in their characterŠa sign between them, and the heathen world around, and to a large extent it has continued to be a mark of American religion to the present day."ŠRev. J. G. Lorimer, in Christian Treasury. "Resolved, That the fundamental principle of the Na-tional Reform Association . . . are true and scriptural principles, and that these principles must control our national life, or we shall perish. "Resolved, That the Sabbath [Sunday] is a sign be-tween Pod and man, and its reverent observance a mark of the nation whose God is Jehovah."ŠResolution pre-sented by Rev. Joseph Smith at -a National Reform As-sembly at Saratoga Springs, N. Y. It will be noticed in the above quotations that Sun-day is spoken of as being both a sign and mark, the words being used synonymously. We quote further:Š "The Sabbath [Sunday] is the corner stone of Christ's kingdom. Let us recognize each recurring Sabbath [Sun-day] as the sign of God's covenant. By this sign the world largely judges the depth of our Christian character, and by this sign God judges us."ŠMrs. J. C. Bateham, Sabbath leaflet. These are representative utterances, and are accepted by nearly all religious organizations; and many other similar utterances could be cited. All of which proves that Sunday and that only, is the mark; for, as stated before, this is the only religious institution (and sought  to be enforced as an act of worship) that is called a mark. The importance with which this day is regarded will be still further seen when it is recognized as being the "test of all religion." And not only is that stated, but also this : "The people who do not keep the Sabbath [Sunday] have no religion." According to this statement it makes no difference what a person's faith may be; he may be as firm a be-liever in Jesus Christ as his personal Saviour as even Rev. Dr. Everts, who made this statement professed to be; but because he does not keep Sunday he has no religion. Could Sunday be set forth more plainly as a mark? But this is not all. The same "reverend gentleman" who spoke the above, also said : "He who does not keep the Sabbath [Sunday] does not worship God; and he who does not worship God is lost." These remarks and many others were made with the view of securing a national law for the enforcement of Sunday. Nor is it simply because it is said to be a sin against God that it is desired to enforce the keeping of Sunday by law. It is regarded as being equally a sin against our country and high treason against the state, as wit-ness the following by "Rev." W. Greer, at the Philadel-phia National Reform Convention of 1888: "Every sin, secretor public, against God, is a sin against our coun-try, and is high treason against the state." Also this, by Rev. J. Boring Gold: "The man who does not sub-scribe to the doctrine of Sabbath [Sunday] observance-is a traitor to his country, and should be treated as such." The keeping of Sunday is therefore made a test of one's loyalty to God and to the country; and that being so, beyond all question, Sunday is the mark. The Sad Story of Spain. New York "World," March 10. THE graphic picture of the territorial decline of the colonial empire of Spain in the Western Hemisphere pub-lished in the World last Monday has been supplemented by the record of its losses from year to year as told in our news columns of yesterday. Not since the downfall of the Roman Empire has there been such a story of the rise to greatness and the fall to helplessness of a great power. It is one of the striking coincidences of history that if Spain to-day finds itself menaced with the loss of its last American posses-sions through a conflict with the greatest of American republics, the beginning of the power of Spain may be dated from the year 1492, in which the discovery of Co-lumbus led to the ultimate establishment of the United States. The year which gave the Western Hemisphere to Spain witnessed the expulsion of the Moors from Grenada and made the peninsula one united country. Its first 