Equal and &xactJu$tice to all Men, of Whatever state or cer5uaBion, 'Religious or Volitical.ŠThomas Jefferson, VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JUNE 9, 1892. NUMBER 23. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bose ST., NEW YORK, Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W, H. McKEE. THE House of Representatives, in Con-gress assembled, on May 23, upon a divi-sion being taken, decided by deliberate vote that the day of the week commonly known as Sunday is the Sabbath. Inci-dentally, in connection with this, it was ordered that no ice should be sold or de-livered in the District of Columbia, upon the Sabbath which the House of Repre-sentatives had created as distinctively and legislatively the United States Sabbath, except within certain specified hours. ON May 25, the House of Representa-tives being in Committee of the Whole, with Mr. Lester, of Georgia, in the Chair, and having under consideration the sun-dry civil appropriation bill and especially the items in reference to the Government exhibit at the coming World's Fair, sal-aries of the United States Commissioners, Lady Managers, etc., Mr. Johnstone, of South Carolina, with the fact in view that the House had, ,on the second day preced-ing, voted that Sunday was the Sabbath, offered an amendment to the bill appro-priating funds for the Government ex-hibit, which read as follows :Š Provided, That no part of the amount hereby appropriated shall be available unless the doors of the Exposition shall be closed on Sunday. The House of Representatives having in due form created a Sabbath for itself, and having decided to begin its legal en-forcement in the District of Columbia, naturally objects to the desecration of the day in Chicago which it has declared holy, and to be kept holy in Washington. -0- THE presentation of this amendment  created such a scene in the House as was not equalled by the wildest moments of excitement in the contest over the silver bill. A correspondent who has been pres-ent in the House nearly every day during this session, writes, " I have never seen such confusion as it produced." The pro-ceedings, as published in the Congressional Record, show that the members crowded the aisles and the space about the Speaker's desk, and the tumult was such that the Chairman was obliged to suspend proceed-ings and demand order before gentlemen addressing the Chair could be heard. Whom the devil would destroy he first makes mad seemed to be exemplified on the floor of the House; but there were occasional flashes of reason, sense, and sanity, manifested, as witness the point urged by Mr. Culberson, of Texas, Chair-man of the House Committee on the Ju-diciary, Mr. Culberson said:Š Let me ask whether this whole subject is not regulated by the laws of Illinois ? MR. JOHNSTONE, of South Carolina. I am aware, or at least am informed, that an act of the Legisla-ture of the State of Illinois does provide that no place of public amusement shall be kept open on Sunday; but what harm can there be in this Amer-ican Congress signifying by this amendment its approbation of the laws of the State of Illinois ? MR. CULBERSON. Does the gentleman know what the laws of the State of Illinois are on this subject ? MR. JOHNSTONE, of South Carolina. I do not, but I have just been informed that there is such a law as I have stated. MR. CULBERSON. I do not understand that Con_ gress has any right to go into the State of Illinois and regulate the conduct of an Illinois corpora tion. MR. JOHNSTONE, of South Carolina. That is cor-rect. But this Congress has certainly a right to withhold its aid from the Illinois corporation unless that corporation is willing to accept it under the  limitations. The calm and correct legal sense of the sound jurist is in strong contrast here with the frivolous appeal and shallow fallacy of the zealot pleading for the establish-ment of a religious rite by act of Congress. Š0Š MR. JOHNSTONE asks, " What harm can there be in this American Congress signi- fying by this amendment its approbation of the laws of the State of Illinois ?" Certainly that is a, proper question, What harm ? By the First Amendment to the Constitution, Congress is prohibited from making any law towards an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Shall Congress approve in the State of Illinois of that interference with religion which is prohibited to Congress ? Shall Congress force upon Illinois the revival and application of laws which are contrary to the spirit and letter of the Constitution of the United States, and the Constitution of the State itself, which says that no preference shall be given by law to any religious denomination or mode of worship ? But it may be Mr. Culberson realized that the previous action of the House in deciding that Sunday was the Sabbath, and forbidding ice to be sold on that day, had estopped him from making that plea. Perhaps Mr. Johnstone comprehended that the First Amendment according to the latest action of the House now reads, " Congress may make laws respecting an establishment of religion, etc., and may require obedience to religious laws on the part of the several States." Another instance of sound views, and a willingness to express them, was given by Mr. Little, of New York, who said Mr. Chairman, I hope that this amendment will not prevail. It seems to me that it is an attempt to commit this Congress to a line of policy which we have no right to undertake. Congress has al-ready recognized the Illinois Corporation in the act of April 25, 1890, as the proper body to manage this Fair. . . . They have done nothing to indicate that they, on their part, intend in any manner to violate the law of the State of Illinois or of the United States; and, as has been said here there is a strict Sunday law in Illinois, and it is hardly pos-sible that the law-abiding corporation, incorpo-rated under the laws of that State, which has re-ceived the sanction of this Congress, would exhibit an intention of violating the statute law of their own State. It is dragging into the subject the ques-tion of religious matters which we have no right to consider, and I hope it will not be entertained. At the close of Mr. Little's remarks, there were, as also several times previ- 