AMERICAN SENTINEL. 213: Sunday Enforcement in Plainfield, N. J. As mentioned in our last issue, a crusade has been started in the city of Plainfield, N. J., for a compulsory observance of Sunday. The movement was inaugurated by the ministerial association of that place. They have secured the active cooperation of the mayor and city council, and it is announced that the crusade will be pushed with vigor. The first Sunday "raid" under the crusade resulted in eleven arrests. Three of the arrested parties pleaded guilty, and were fined $5 each. The remainder were put under bonds for trial. When the legality of the proceeding was tested in court, the result was a disagreement of the jury. The case was that of an Italian fruit seller, Jose Carbone, who did not belong to any religious denomination, but claimed to be an observer of the seventh day of the week. Plainfield being the home of a considerable number of Seventh-day Baptists, whose religious principles are well known, there is much interest to see what result the cru-sade will have upon observers of the seventh day. The jury having disagreed, a re-trial was ordered, with the result that Mr. Carbone was convicted and fined $25. His counsel announced that the case would be car-ried to a higher 3ourt. The mayor and city officials seem disposed to recog-nize the right of the seventh-day observers to transact business on the first day of the week, under certain re-strictions. Among the Seventh-day Baptists of the place are several storekeepers, and these have been informed that they may do business on Sunday provided they do so behind closed doors and drawn curtains, so that their places of business will have the appearance of being closed. The Sunday law of the State, like that of most of the states, contains an exemption for observers of the seventh day, provided their Sunday work be done in such a way as not to "disturb" observers of the day. This customary phrase in the Sunday laws about "the dis-turbance of others" has been one of no definite signifi-cance; but now the authorities of the city of Plainfield have given it a definite construction, so that it is now known that doing business on Sunday so as not to "dis-turb" others, means doing it in such a way that nobody will know that it is being done. This, at least, is what it means in the city of Plainfield, N. J. So extremely sensitive are those who believe in the sacredness of Sunday, that the mere knowledge that other people are conducting themselves in a manner inconsistent with that belief, without observing profound secrecy about it, causes them a "disturbance" which they are not able to bear ! While these storekeepers have been ordered thus to conceal the interior of their places of business on Sundays from public view, the saloonists, on the other hand, under the same law, have strict orders to keep their places of business open to inspection from the outside. The former,  however, have declined to accede to the order, and con-tinue to do business on Sundays in the usualmanner. As-yet, they have only been threatened with arrest. It is said that the ostensible purpose of the crusade, at its inception, was the Sunday closing of certain disrep-utable "cider joints" in the city; and that, under this impression, observers of the seventh day gave the move-ment their full support. If this be so, they have had an excellent opportunity to learn that no support of a Sun-day closing movement, of whatever kind, can be proper._ For while such movements may give their first attention to the closing of saloons, in the logical order of things-they soon find victims among those of upright character-and the most reputable employment. The saloonist appeals to logic, and logicŠas regards Sunday closingŠknows no distinction between the business of saloon-keeping and any other. If a place of traffic ought to be closed because it is bad, in character, it ought to be closed on all days, and on no one day more than on another. But if the plea is that it ought to be closed because the-day is Sunday, then every other place of business ought to be closed likewise. This is logic, and there is no evad-ing its requirements. No person can afford to be illogi-cal. But to what can these crusaders for Sunday enforce-ment point as having been gained in all the history of such attempts? They can point to nothing. It would seem that history, if not reason or revelation, ought to-teach them the futility of such methods of reform. Walk in the Light. BY BAXTER L. HOWE. To Christian Endeavorers of the Tenth Legion, and all oth•rs: Greeting,ŠCome and hear what the Lord hath said concerning the earth and man upon it. The clear searching light of God's word (Heb. 4:12> has been shining in the darkness since redemption was made necessary by the fall of man, and it shines more-and more unto the perfect day. Christ said, "I am the light of the world." John 8:12._ To us, as to every son and daughter of Adam, he hath said, "Yet a little while is the light with you" (2 Cor. 6:2); "WALK while ye have the light." John 12:35. Walking in the light, we find the prayer of Christ effectual in our behalf, and the blessed Comforter sheds-his bright rays upon our pathway. John 14:15-18. New life fills our soul as we sit under the breathings of our Master. John 20:22. All scripture is God-breathed (2 Tim. 3:16, R. V.), and every time we hear or read the sacred word, Christ is breathing upon us and saying,.  "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." 0 may we be moved by the same power that operated holy men of old. 2 Peter 1:21. If any would contend with the word of God let him remember that he is opposing the Holy Spirit. John 6:63._ 