AMERICAN SENTINEL. 73 Church and State Exemplified in California. SPEAKING of political occurrences in connection with the opening of the legislative term, the Sacramento cor-respondent of the San Francisco Star makes the followZ ing reference to the contest for the office of the State chaplaincy:Š "Religion has also been seriously prostituted during the week. Ministers of the gospel have frequented the barrooms and lobbies of the hotels, begging of drunken politicians the small boon of a four-dollar-a-day job as prayer-maker in Senate or Assembly. It has been a sad sight. The writer was present when one of the ministe-rial job hunters was whining for a job from a group of half-drunken members of the San Francisco 'push,' whom he evidently mistook for assemblymen. He had asked for their votes, and the following conversation ensued:Š "`See here,' said one of the fellows, 'the legislature of California costs the people of this State fifteen hundred dollars a day. We are in for economy. You, ministers take up five minutes a day praying, at a cost of seventy-five dollars' worth of the legislature's time. We pay you five dollars for it, whichŠ' " 'We only get four dollars,' whined the preacher. "'Well, four dollars, then,' continued the speaker, 'which makes seventy-nine dollars a day, or over $5,000 for the session forŠfool prayers. It's an outrage.' "That minister did not take offense. He was too good a politician for that. Besides, he had been getting similar treatment all the evening. Instead of turning away in disgust, he only smiled at the 'jest,' and at-tempted to explain. " 'Say,' broke in another of the group, 'what do you consider God's time to be worth?' "Everybody- laughed, even the minister. The writer had not the patience to listen further to the conversa-tion. "The reverend gentlemen who are praying at the rate of four dollars a prayer before Senate and Assembly must be extremely good politicians, and have a very long pull, for they had many opponents in the field, who had themselves long pulls." The comment of the editor of the Star was: "Read what our correspondent says, and become convinced, as we have long been, that this 'chaplain' business is a des-ecration, blasphemy, and abomination." - *4 THE czar's plan for initiating his universal peace movement at the coming peace congress, as outlined in a circular addressed to the Powers by the Russian Min-ister' of Foreign Affairs, provides for the discussion at the congress of the following propositions:- 1. "To agree not to increase naval or military forces and the corresponding budgets for a fixed period. 2. "To endeavor to find means of reducing the forces and budgets in the future. 3. "To interdict the use of any new weapon or ex-plosive of a power fuller than now made. 4. "To restrict the use of the most terrible of exist- ing explosives, and to forbid the throwing of any explo-sives from balloons or similarly. 5. "To forbid the employment of submarine torpe-does and similar contrivances. 6. "To undertake not to construct vessels with rams. 7. "To apply the Geneva convention to naval war-fare. 8. "To neutralize vessels saving those wrecked in naval battles. 9. "To revise the declaration concerning the laws and customs of war elaborated at Brussels in 1874. 10. "To accept the principle of mediation and arbi-tration in such cases as lend themselves thereto." The circular re arms that nothing touching existing political relations shall be discussed. It suggests that the ultimate conference be held at the capital of a secon- dary power, probably Brussels or Copenhagen. Sunday Prosecutions in Fort Scott, Kans. THE following are the leading features of the case of the prosecution against barber J. A. Tite, for shaving on Sunday. The complainants in the case are two pro.. fessional barbers who have run their shops on Sundays for a long time. A short time ago one of these barbers employed the Ft. Scott planing mill to remove and set up the fixtures of his shop on Sunday, the work amount-ing to about six dollars; and since swearing to the com-plaint against J. A. Tite, this barber has shaved two of his customers on Sunday. In the trial it was in evidence that the complaining witnesses had on Sunday, the 18th of December, walked six blocks through mud and rain to spy out Mr. Tite, to get a prosecution against him. They saw him shave two men. These two men were subpcened as witnesses for the State. They both claimed that they had called on bar-ber Tite to shave them on Sunday; that they wished to go to church and that they would feel very uncomfort-able to go to church unshaved; that it was a matter of necessity for their comfort. Mr. Tite, the defendant, was then called to the wit-ness stand. He admitted shaving the two men on Sun-day as a work of necessity. In answer to the question whether he had shaved any one else on Sunday he replied that he had shaved a dead man on Sunday. The prose-cuting attorney admitted that shaving a dead man on Sunday was a work of necessity to make a respectable appearance; while the defense claimed that shaving a living man was doubly a work of necessity as both re-spectable appearance and comfortable feeling were in-volved. The prosecuting attorney stated that he had no further remarks to make. The attorney for the defense argued at some length on the plea of necessity, stating that to make a respect-able appearance at church or among his friends and to feel comfortable, it was an absolute necessity for a man to put on aclean shirt, have a fresh shave, a fresh-washed 