"Equal and. Exact, Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or 'ersuasion, F.eligious or Volitical." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, APRIL 13, 1893. NUMBER 15. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE chairman of the General Commit-tee on Religious Congresses of the World's first Parliament of Religions has given for publication a general programme of the sessions of the parliament, which con-tinue from Monday, September 11. to Wednesday, September 27. The influ-ence which this assemblage of religionists will have on the formation and advance-ment of a generally accepted religious formality throughout the world,will make the convening of this parliament one of the marked events in the world's history. THE first day is to be set apart for ad-dresses of welcome and fraternal fellowship. The subject for the second day is " God," in history, in the theistic teachings of the various historic faiths, in modern science and modern theistic thought,Šwith a presentation of the doctrines and history of the Catholic Church. The third day the subject is to be " Man,"Šhis nature, dignity, imperfec-tion, place in the universe, nature of life, spirituality, immortality and perfectibil-ity ;Švarious views of future life, human brotherhood, relations and duties to God. In the morning, afternoon, and evening, respectively, the Christian Church (Church of the Disciples), the New Jerusalem Church, and the Jewish Church, are to present their doctrines and history. THE Hebrews have accepted an oppor-tunity to be heard in the Congress with satisfaction and have organized their committees of preparation already. In the report of a meeting of prominent Hebrews, from all over the United States, called at Chicago to arrange and perfect plans, it is said:Š An appeal will be sent out stating that since the existence of their religion, no such opportunity has ever been extended to the Hebrew to set him-self right before the world, and that the time le  opportune to correct many grievous misconcep-tions regarding Judaism. A committee was ap-pointed to name the F peakers and the subjects for discussion. These subjects have not yet been pub-lished. It would be a dramatic incident, indeed, if some Rabbi, full of the beauties, glories, and terrors, of Sinaitic lore would give an exposition of the fourth command-ment. THE subject for the fourth day is " Religion Essentially Characteristic of Humanity," as shown by, and in the essential expression of the relations be-tween God and man,Šthe supreme end and office of religion,Šreligion and reli-gious worship represented by various faiths,Šreligion as distinguished from moral life,Šspiritual forces in human progress, and certainties in religion. The United Brethren Church presents its his-tory and doctrine in the morning and the Reformed Episcopal in the afternoon. The fifth day is to be occupied with the consideration of " Systems of Religion," Šimportance of the serious study of all systems of religion,Šrules and conditions of such a study,Šhistory and present state of the study,Šdead religions and what they have bequeathed,Što what de-gree has each religion justified the God of all the earth in the historic evolutions of the race, Šthe vital, practical, defi- ciencies of each religion; these deficiencies to be set forth in each case by some repre-sentative of the religion discussed. In the morning of this day the doctrines of the Universalist Church are to be set forth and in the evening the Jewish Church has the time again. THE study for the sixth day is " Sacred Books of the World,"Šthe sacred books as literature,Šreligion interpreted by the poets,Šwhat the Jewish, Christian, and other sacred literatures have wrought for mankind,Šthe penitential psalms of all races a revelation of common needs. The Unitarian Church in the morning and afternoon, and once more the Jewish Church in the evening. The seventh day of the session, Sunday, September 17, the subject is " Religion and the Family,"Šthe marriage bond,Šeducation of children Š the religious hom.e,Šneed of a religious rest-day. In  the afternoon and evening the Presbyte-rian Church presents its doctrines. From this it will be seen that the ex-hibit of religions is not to be closed on any day of the week, but continues with-out rest or cessation throughout the seventeen days. To be independent of the Sunday closing of the Fair, the meet-ings are all to be held in the new Art Palace on the lake front. THE subject for the eighth day is " The Religious Leaders of Mankind," the in-carnation idea,Šincarnations claimed by different religions, their history and worth,Šthe sympathy of religions. The ninth day, " Religion in its Rela-tions to the Natural Sciences and to Arts and Letters,"Šcan the knowledge of re-ligion be scientific ?Šhow philosophy and the natural sciences can give aid to the science of religion,Šhow the science of religion gives aid to other sciences, Šre-ligion and music. The Evangelical As-sociation presents its doctrines in the morning, the Friends Church in the after-noon, and the Protestant Episcopal Church in the evening. THE tenth day the subject will be " Re-ligion in its Relation to Morals,"Šessen-tial oneness of ethical ideas among all men,Šagnostic notions of conscience, duty and right,Šrelations of religion to the chastening and perfecting of human nature,Šethical systems and ethical types produced by various historic faiths,Šdif-ferent schemes for the restoration of fallen or faulty man,Šgeneral belief in the need of vicarious sacrifices. Morn-ing, afternoon and evening.  the Protest-ant Episcopal Church continues the pres-entation of its doctrine and history. " Religion and Social Problems " occupy.  the eleventh day with a discussion of religion and labor,Šreligion and wealth, religion and purity,Šreligion and tem-perance,Špurity, the erring and criminal classes,Šcomparative benefits conferred upon woman by the different religions. The Reformed Church in the United States presents its doctrines in the morn-ing and afternoon. THE twelfth day is given to a consid-eration of " Religion and Civil Society," Šloge of country,Šobservance of law,Š 