LIBERTY. 647Ł duction of the question into the' coming general -elections. The Guardian (High Church), however, thinks this would be a mistake, and that churchmen should deprecate the choice of violent partizans as -candidates. The. Church Review (High Church) says that its party would not meet with any success in proposing a campaign of religious propagandism, yet it deplores the divorce of religion and good citi-zenship. Passive resistance is no longer the true policy of the church, and some organizatiOn should exist that can present the High-Church side with weight to the political parties as an offset to the deputations of Evangelicals who from time to time wait upon the politicians with proposals of persecu-ting policies. The Pilot (High Church), too, advocates a moderate alliance of the church with politics for the present emergency. In the meantime the Earl of Portsmouth, a leader of the Protestant party, has given notice that at a given date he will call atten-tion in the House of Lords to the " increasing lawless-ness " in the church, and demand that immediate effect he giVen to a like recent resolution of the Commons that " if the efforts now being made by the archbishops and bishops to secure due obedience the clergy are not effectual, further legislation will be reqtiired to maintain the existing laws of church and realm." At this declaration, according to the words Of tkan Hole, in a recent letter, " Rome sneers, Geneva growls, the High Churchman dis-trusts, the Broad Churchman smiles." The earl tfied hard to engage the services of the premier for his purposes, and begged him to bring in a bill.'" With the sole object of making the clergy obey the law.," but the marquis declined the, invitation. RIGHTS, NOT DEPENDENT UPON NUNBERp., THE idea prevails to' quite an extent that num-bers have something. to do with rights:, that a large numbet of people—have more rights or greater rights 'than' a smaller- 'number of- people. But this, is an error. . Rights are God-given and attach notto numbers, but to incliViduals. 'One than has just as many rights and-just as much of each right as it, is possible for any number of men to have. We speak of rights, not of It is true that a large number of men are More likely to secure reeognition of their 'rights than a Smaller. number, of -Men;-- but thiS is. not because the,  larger number have more rights, but because they have more influence. When they combine to enforce their rights they have more poWer, hence their rights are more likely to be respected'. But rights do not belong to men because they are associated together in communities, in states, or in nations, but because they are men. " All men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." God has given rights to individuals for a purpose. Indeed it could not be otherwise. Individual rights are necessary to individual responsibility. The man who is to be held responsible for his choice must be free to make that choice. Communities, states, and nations have rights only because the individuals that compose those communities states and nations have rights. The individual is first. He existed first, his rights are first, and to him alone does moral responsibility attach. 4.  'A FAMILIAR TONE. IN the Morning- Star, a, Massachusetts journal, under date of May 24 last, there appeared an article entitled, " Our National Constitution Should. Ac-knowledge Christ the King," by Rev. J. M. Foster, "of Boston, Mass., from Which I quote the following: "The history of this country points to the, estab-lishment of a true Christian state that shall embody the principlei of the mediatorial government. " This country was settled by Christian men with Christian ends in view. One of the regulations of the Massachusetts Bay Colony was that if a man was absent from church one Sabbath without a' cause he was find five shillings. If absent a month he shduld pay twenty pounds. .If he worked unnecessarily on the Sabbath he was fined. For a second,  offense he was imprisoned. If he flagrantly and blasphemously defied the Sabbath he was executed. These regula-tions obtained in Connecticut, Virginia, and among other colonies. They gave tone to our national life. We can not have a Christian nation without a Chris-tian-Sabbath!' The, real end' that the author of the fOregoing and those of his class are working to attain by get-ting ChriSt acknowledged as king in our national, Constitution, is made so plain in the statements which we haVe quoted that no One can misunder-stand it. -Again, it is also evident from the favor with which such awfulŁ ideas are being received, as shown, when a person dare without any disguise.ad- 