56 THE A1VIERICAI.I SENTINEL. J142e An2eFiew2  ger2tNe1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY, 1888. THE National Prohibition Convention in-troduced into its platforni the same Church and State ideas that the California Prohibi-tion Convention did. The Prohibition party everywhere may now very properly be called the Church and State party. IT is stated that through the efforts of Mrs. Bateham in the unions, over a million signa-tures have been secured to the petition to Congress'asking it to enact a national Sunday law. The SENTINEL has not a big list of names to present to Congress, but it can pre-sent some facts that are consistent with jus-tice and liberty. 1. Ł 4' WE had a very pleasant talk on National Reform last month, with Prof. J. L. McCart-ney, of Beaver Falls, Penn., who was visiting in Oakland. The Professor delivered a ser-mon on National Reform, upon which we made some comments for this number of the SENTINEL; but after our review was in type, other matter came in, and it was crowded out. It will appear next month. IN 1829 the United States Senate told the Sunday-law petitioners that they then already enjoyed "all that Christians ought to ask at the hands of any GovernmentŠprotection from all molestation in the exercise of their religious sentiments." This is just as true now 58 it was then. It is also true of these, and new, as it was of those political bishops of the fourth century, that they seek " not protection for themselves, but power against their opponents." e  ACCORDING to the speech by Dr. Crafts before the Senate Committee, the churches are going to be content with nothing short of a monopoly of all Sunday action. This, say the leaders, is to protect the workingman from the greed of the grinding monopoly of wealth. But when the churches shall have succeeded in thus protecting him from that monopoly, then we want to know who or what is going to protect us all from the far worse monopoly thus secured to the churches? N. 4* THE Chicago Advance says that churches and labor organizations East and West are adopting the following resolution :Š "Resblved, That we indorse the petition to Con-gress, asking it to stop Sunday work in its mail and military service, and in interstate commerce." The Advance says that the latest indorse-ments to this resolution are those of "the Central Labor Union and the Carriers' Asso-ciation of New York , City, the Knights of Labor Council of Chicago and vicinity, the Presbyterian General Assembly, and the State Sunday-school Associations of Missouri and Kansas." "The Congregational ministers' meeting of Chicago has recommended that all Congregational Churches take action in  this matter either by resolution or petition." What are the friends of freedom of conscience doing to offset this pressure that is being brought to bear upon Congress? If there are any such who don't know what to do, we will tell them : Give the AMERICAN SENTINEL a ten-fold larger circulation. LET those who are so zealous to have "the principles of Christianity" taught in the pub-lic schools, remember that in many of the public schools in our cities the teachers are Roman Catholics. What kind of Christianity will they teach? Nobody needs to be told that they will teach only the principles of Catholicism. If such a step as is proposed should be taken, thousands of children of Protestants would at once be plaeed under Roman Catholic instruction. How the Pope must rejoice as he sees professed Protestants playing into his hands THE SENTINEL goes to press as the Republi-can National Convention is organizing, so we cannot tell how it will treat the various peti-tions sent to it, but we state as a straw which shows the way the wind blows, the fact that a petition indorsed by the Missouri and Kansas State Sunday-school Conventions, and by thousands of individuals, is in circulation, ask-ing the Republican Convention to insert in its labor blank, a declaration against Sunday labor and trade. The way it is stated is, " against the encroachments upon the work-ingman's Sunday rest by toil or trade." Notice that it is the Sunday-schools, and not the workingmen, who ask this. N Ł THE Union Signal says that Rev. W. F. Crafts is working in Chicago in the interest of what is known as the Blair Sunday Bill. It says :Š "He met representatives of the labor.organ-izations, and secured their co-operation in the effort to secure national laws against Sunday mails and Sunday trains. Thus these great organizations in New York City and Chicago are now working unitedly with the W. C. T. U. and the churches to secure a Christian Sab-bath." But we thought it was only a chance for the workingman to rest, that they want. That's what they say sometimes; but what they want is the enforced observance of Sun-day as a day of rest and worship. Mr. Crafts secured many hundred signatures to the peti-tions to Congress. +5 Ł Ł THE Occident in noting the Papal rescript against Ireland says:Š "The hope is that a combined effort among the friends of Home Rule may have the de-cree revoked. But how can an infallible Pope revoke a decree made ex-Cathedra?" How? Why, easy enough. All that he has to do is to revoke it. That is all. The power to issue contradictory decrees and de-cisions is the highest, the very crucial, proof of the supreme infallibility of the Pope. That is one of the points in which the Pope is above the Almighty. The Lord, the Creator of heaven and earth, cannot enact contradict-ory,laws, nor issue contradictory decrees, nor  render contradictory decisions. His infalli-bility does not reach so far as that. "He can-not deny himself." But the Pope can do all these things. He has done them time and again through all the dismal history of the Papal Church, and yet has retained all the infalli-bility that he ever had, and yet more loudly than ever asserts all the infallibility that he ever claimed. Any sovereign, fallible or in-fallible, can issue consistent decrees ; but no sov-ereign in Heaven or on earth, except the infal-lible Pope, can issue inconsistent and con-tradictory decrees, and yet remain infallible. That is the supreme test of his supreme infal-libility, and, therefore, he is " that man of sin, . . . the son of perdition; who oppos-eth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped." 2 Thess. 2 : 3, 4. WE heartily welcome to our table the Amer-ican Constitutional Vidette, published monthly by the Mississippi Valley Publishing Com-pany, Beauregard, Miss. We all the more heartily welcome it because it works in the same line as does the AMERICAN SENTINELŠ"the defense of the Constitution as it is, and to battle earnestly for civil and religious lib-erty." It also is " uncompromisingly op-,osed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact, let it come from whatever source it may." Here is our Or , neighbor, we are not a bit jealous; would to God they were all prophets. o  +- CHARLES CAREY, who, at Chicago, on the 24th of May, pleaded guilty to the deliberate, wanton murder of a Chinaman, has been sen-tenced to fifty years' imprisonment. He ought to have gone to the gallows, and he would have gone to the gallows had it not been for the brutal influence of the political demagogues of both parties, who yell, "The Chinese must go," and palliate the crime of those who eject a Chinaman by taking his life. The defense of the self-confessed mur-derer, "I've only killed a Chinaman," reveals the horrid state of public opinion which dem-agogues have created at the heart of a so-called Christian civilization. Suppose a Chi-naman in Canton or Amoy should stab an American missionary or merchant to the heart, and say that he "had only killed an American," what would the United States do and say about it ?ŠOregonian. "THE conscience of the majority is not a law for the minority ; the conscience of A is not a law for B."ŠChristian Union. THE AIVIEB.ICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50e. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 25. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND. CAL. 