AXIV,RICAN St LATIN 59 promise to Christ is, " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1: 32, 33. But it will not be so of the throne of mercy; the time will come when Christ will leave that throne, and then will go forth the decree: " He that is unjust let him be unjust still : and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still; and he that is holy let him be holy still." Rev. 22 :11. Then follow the events so graphically foretold in the word of God. Christ will then appear having " on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS." Rev. 19 :16. " The Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God ; and the dead in Christ shall rise first." 1 Thess. 4 : 16. " And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other." Matt. 24 :31. " Many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven." Matt. 8 :11. " And the kingdom and do-minion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting king- dom." Dan. 7 : 27. But what then will become of the na- tions of this earth, and of their wicked rulers and people ? Let the word of God answer. To the Son the Father says : " Ask of, me and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron : thou shalt' dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2 : 8, 9. The Revelator thus describes this de- struction :Š And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshiped 'his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone. Rev. 19: 19, 20. Describing the scenes that come in con-nection with the destruction of all things earthly and temporal, the Apostle Peter says:Š The day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also, and the works that are therein shall be burned up. Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what man-ner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversa-tion and godliness. Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat ? Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and  a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. 2 Peter 8 : 10-43. The promise to which the apostle refers is recorded in Isa. 65 :17-19 :Š For, behold I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind. But be ye glad and rejoice forever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy. And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying. The glory of that new earth, that ever-lasting kingdom prepared for the people of God " from the foundation of the world," is thus described by the prophet :Š The wilderness and the solitary place shall be clad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the Lord, and the excellency of our God. . . . Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped. Then shall the lame man leap as a hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert. And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes. . . . And the ransomed of the Lord shall return, and come to Zion with songs and ever-lasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away. Isa. 35. In Rev. 21 : 1-8 we read :Š And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven, and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea. And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, nei-ther shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away. And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely. He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son. But the fearful, and unbeliev-ing, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolators, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burn-eth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death. Such is the description which the Bible gives of Christ's everlasting kingdom, and of the time and manner of the setting up of that kingdom; and yet National Re-formers propose to usher in that kingdom by political action; they would bring Christ to his throne by act of Congress; they would take him by force and make him king ! Could folly be greater, or pre-sumption more pronounced ? In the very presence of eternal realities, and in view of the plain testimony of the Scriptures of truth, should not men the rather " stand still and see the salvation of the Lord " ? C. P. B. Shall Man Enforce God's Law? DURING the discussion in Atlanta, Georgia, for the past few months, on the Sunday closing of all business in that city, the Rev. W. P. Smith is reported in the Atlanta Constitution to have made use of the following language :Š It was a part of the public political law of the only people of whom Almighty God ever made himself Head and Ruler, to observe and keep the Sabbath as a day of "holy convocation." Reduc-ing this example of the Creator to the last analysis we find that it is a reasonable hypothesis upon which strong laws should be enforced by the State and Federal Government touching the seventh day. The Sabbath was set apart at the creation for holy purposes for man, for all men for all time, individually and collectively, personally and na-tionally, a positive law connected with moral prin-ciples exacting the public, undisturbed worship of God. The law of God is clear and positive; the law of the State is clear and strongŠaltogether sufficientŠbut a vitiated public sentiment tends to set aside the moral and legal obligation of appropriating one day in seven to the worship of God. This senti-ment has grown to an alarming extent, until an institution which is prominent in the epitome of religious duties, and as sacred as life, and as old as the world, is in danger and may become of no force, unless the officers of the law and the preacher in the pulpit and the press combine to retrieve from thraldom this sacred institution. The reference to the " only people 'of whom Almighty God ever made himself Head and Ruler," of course means the Jewish nation, while God was the recog-nized head of both their State and Church; and since they are the " only " people over whom God has ruled directly in civil mat-ters, by what system of logic is it possible to conclude that a nation that is not so ruled should, in like manner, enforce the observance of the Sabbath ? The fact that God did a certain thing during the theoc-racy of the old dispensation, is no warrant to man for attempting something similar in a different dispensation and under an-other form of government entirely. The Jewish nation, during the old dispensation, was identical with the recognized Church of Jehovah. And it must be evident to any candid mind, that God would regulate the affairs of a nation which was also a Church, in a different manner from what he would a nation in which his Church existed as only a small fraction of the whole number of people. There is no evidence in the Bible that the new dispensation will produce a " Christian Nation;" but rather are we told that he sent his followers forth as " sheep in the midst of wolves." And the Master has further said to us, " Beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues ; and ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gen- tiles," and " Ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death, and ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake." This 