04(;r0-4 gVNTAIN-kILA VoL. 11, No. 33. woman brought a candle, for which she had pald all her money. With tears in her eyes she begged the priest to light it; her child was dying, and she had brought this candle to the Blessed Virgin that she might see it burning and heal her daughter. The request was denied, and the woman went out the-pic-ture of despair. A man much under the in-fluence of liquor brought a candle, for which he had paid $20. Naturally proud of his gift, he wanted it placed in a prominent position; this being refused, his anger knew no bounds, and he went away with curses. Another man, doing penance, went on hands and knees all the way up the center aisle, licking up the dust of the floor with his tongue as he went. Fifty thousand people passed in and out of the church during the day. As evening came on, the hilarity increased. Wine and beer flowed freely, and men usually staid and sober became sadly intoxicated. Fireworks were kept up until midnight with great noise and confusion. Then "Little Italy" went to bed with a clean conscience; it had done its duty; and, notwithstanding sore heads and empty pocketbooks, it said its prayers on newly blessed rosaries and was content. The great feast of Our Lady of Mt. Cannel is over for another year. THE POPE BLESSING WARRIORS. [Bible Echo (Melbourne, Aus.), June 22, 1896.] THE British naval fleet in the Mediterra-nean has just paid a visit to Rome. True to its cunning the Papacy has not failed to utilise the opportunity as an occasion for ingratiating itself into the love and favor of England. The dispatches state thatŠ The British naval visitors to Rome have met with equal welcome from the Italian Government and from the Papacy. Pope Leo XIII. conferred his blessing upon some hundreds of the British sailors, and by his orders also dinner was provided for them. The sail-ors heartily cheered his holiness. As a special mark of favor, he has invited as many of the sailors of the British fleet as are permitted to visit Rome to attend high mass at the Sistine Chapel. This calls to Mind the fact that the Pope once blessed another fleet, the Spanish Ar-mada, which was sent, in 1588, to whip Eng-land into submission to the Catholic faith. The Crusaders also had the benediction of the Pope. Popes have always been ready to bless almost anything by which " blessing" they have thought the interests of the Papacy would be, advanced. Ł Ł  CLERICALISM IN POLITICS. [Present Truth (London, Eng.), July 16, 1896.] AUSTRIA has lately been passing some new laws to prevent the interference of the clerical power in politics. The clergy have used their position as priests and confessors to terrify or influence voters to keep things in the hands of partisans of the church party. So far have they gone that in an intensely Roman Catho-lic country like Austria the people are driven in self-defense to legislate to keep priestcraft out of politics. In the recent Canadian elec-tions, also, the priests issued a manifesto or-dering Catholics to vote for certain candidates. The result, however, was that their arrogance was resented and some Catholic secular organs plainly told the priests to attend to religion and give a free hand in politics to the people.  What a spectacle when the world has to defend itself against the schemes of -those whose pro-fession is to be ministers of another kingdom, not of this world. A NEW YORK religious journal makes a note of the fact that the Post Chapel, at For-tress Monroe, is called the " Church of the Centurion," and adds, " There is no reason why Christ is not preachable to military men to-day." Of course not; but there is a reason why a military man cannot remain such if the preaching of Christ to him makes him a Christian. General Sherman, a good author-ity on military matters, said, " Way is hell;" and we fail to see that it is any part of a Christian's duty to contribute to the features of that place at the behest of the govern-ment. The same journal adds: " The State cannot afford to have an irreligious soldiery, nor can the Church afford to have its own sons slip away from it under the sometimes demoraliz-ing and always trying influences of camp or practice march.". It is a well-known fact that men never fight more fiercely than when fired by religious zeal; hence it might be worldly wise for the State to take care that its soldiers should be religious. For this pur-pose most any religion would answer except Christianity. The papal religion or the Mo-hammedan religion are excellent for carnal warfare. History tells us how these have often made their devotees fight "like demons." Christianity does not fill a man with the spirit of carnal warfare, but does just the opposite. It says, " Peace on earth," not war; " Put up thy sword into the sheath." When the Roman soldiers came to John the Baptist, Christ's forerunner, and asked what they should do, he replied, " Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages." Luke 3: 14. " Fight well, . . . and be content with your wages," is what we might think he should have said, from what isŁtaught now-a-days in the name of Christianity. John's advice was calculated to make his hearers good Christians, but the poorest kind of soldiers. s. THE Rev. Theo. L. Cuyler tells us in the Independent, of July 30, that " next to the sin of voting wrongly is the sin of not voting at all." If this be so we are in a hard pre-dicament; for how can we know of a certainty which side is the right one to vote for ? We are not infallible; nor has any infallible voice supplied us with the needed information. It would be very depressing to discover that in spite of our conscientious earnestness, we had cast our vote on the wrong side, and hence had done worse than we would have done by not voting at all. There is plenty of information for our guidance in the matter from human sources, of course; but this does not help us out of the difficulty. Indeed, there is altogether too much information; we find all sides of the controversy represented by men of re-spectability and intellect, who have made a study of the questions at issue. Their study has not made them see alike. If we should study the questions we would doubtless be led to one or the other of the various parties; but the probability that our study had led us to wrong conclusions would be as great in our case as in any of the others. In all moral questions we have an infallible guide in the word of Omniscience. But we know of no infallible guide -in politics. If  anybody knows of one, we would be greatly obliged if he would communicate with us at once. Every man is entitled to his own opinion on all subjects. These opinions may repre-sent his conscientious convictions, but they are opinions and nothing more. This is about all that can be truthfully said on the subject of political " duty." s. A RELIGION that is not able to sustain it-self is certainly not able to sustain anything else. If the State must sustain Christianity, then it is the State, and not Christianity, that sustains the soul. BACK NUMBERS OF THE SENTINEL. THE fact chat many of our recent issues of the SENTINEL have been excellent for dis-tribution among those not familiar with its teachings has doubtless been appreciated by many of our readers, and a number may de-sire to secure some for missionary work. To such we wish to say: First, that we can send assorted lots of about six recent issues at the rate of one cent per copy. Call to your mind the illustrated number of July 23, in which matter on the Christian Endeavor Convention at the Na-tion's capital is given first place, and other issues fully as live and interesting, and rend us yourŁ order for a few hundred or less. Second, send a list of the names and ad-dresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send one or more copies of the issues mentioned above to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. Where more than one copy is desired sent in the same wrapper, send one cent for each paper and a quarter of a cent for addressing and wrapping. Third, send wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Stamps will be acceptable for small remit-tances. The best, handiest, easiest run-ning, cheapest and most durable Fly Shuttle CARPET LOON in the world. 100 yards a day. Catalogue free. Eureka Loom Company, 4028 W. Main St., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. ANNA CHRISTIAN RUDDY. 