42 AMERICAN SENTINEL. some one's rights? Some people have said this, but it did not justify them. It was really not their conscience, but something else, that led them to do such things. God is the author of both conscience and rights, and he never made two things that conflict with each other. When con-science and law come in conflict, an appeal must be made to an authority which is higher than either, and that is the Word of the Creator. The principle of the Golden Rule will always settle any seeming conflict between conscience and individual rights. Your Conscience.    Studies in French History.-5. I WONDER how many of the youthful readers of the SENTINEL can really tell for what reason the Creator gave them a conscience. And how many can tell what a person ought to do with his conscience? Ought you to be master of your conscience? or should your conscience be master of you? Some people try to quiet their conscience when it reproves them for a thing they have done, instead of correcting the wrong as conscience tells them. They seem to think they will be better off with a sleeping or a dead conscience than with one that is alive and wide-awake. But what is the right condition for every con-science to be in? Of how much value do you think conscience is to you? Did you ever see a person who had no conscience at all, or almost none? And if so, did you envy him? Try to imagine what this world would be like if the people in it possessed no consciences. Like every other thing that is of great value, con-science ought to'be carefully cherished. And being a fac-ulty of the mind, it must grow and become educated as the mind develops. But how ought it to be educated? Should it be by what men say; by the maxims of the world and the traditions that have come down to us from the past? Or is there some other and better way for it than this? and what is it?'  When you go contrary to your conscience, because some person tells you to do so, what are you really giv-ing up? If a law should be passed telling you to do a certain way, and your conscience should tell you differ-ently, how much would you really surrender if you should yield your conscience? How much do you think any person could serve the Lord without the aid of his conscience? Could any one who should surrender his conscience exercise faith? The Bible tells us that whatsoever we do, we should do it not merely unto men, but unto the Lord. Now if you should surrender the conscience which God gave you, could you do anything unto the Lord? What do you say to this? But is your conscience, or anybody's conscience. the standard of right and wrong? Could you say that yoUr conscience told you to do a thing that interfered with "WHAT became of King Childeric III?" asked Florence Ray at the next study. "The time to go home came so soon last week that we did not find out, and I have been worrying about him ever since." "Poor fellow;" answered Professor Carman, "they shaved his head again, and sent him back to his cloister." "Then I suppose Short Pepin had his way," snapped Joe Palmeter, spitefully. "Pepin the Short," corrected Edna Phillips, whose memory of names and events never deserted her. "Yes; Pepin the Short had his way, and now became the first of the Carlovingian kings, so-called from the word `Carolus,' the Latin name for Charles. "Now to renew: Our last study took us over a period of 241 years, bringing us to the year 572 A. D. Who was the first French king?" "Clovis," answered a dozen voices. "When did he rule France?" "From 471 to 511 A. D." "After him came the later kings, hardly worthy the mention. But Pepin the Short was the first real king worth speaking about after Clovis. You will remember that his father was the great Charles, called the Hammer, but he was not really a kingŠonly a mayor. This Pepin the Short was also the father of Charles the Great, or Charlemagne; he, Pepin, fought and conquered the Sara-cens and Bretons, went down into Italy and reduced the Lombards to submission, then gave their territory to the pope. This 'Pepin's Donation,' as it was called, was the beginning of the wonderful friendship which existed many sears between the popes and the French kings. "Pepin was a very strong and courageous man. Once when he with many of his people were witnessing an ex-citing fight between a lion and a bull, as was the cruel custom, he asked, 'Who dares separate them?' No one caring to distinguish himself by running so fearful a risk, the king himself leaped between them, and finally cut off both their heads, saying as he did so, 'Now am I not-worthy to be called your king?' "When he died, he left the kingdom to his two sons, Charles and Carloman. 'But Carloman soon died, leaving to his brother, Charles the Great, or Charlemagne, as he is more commonly called, the entire kingdom. This was 