AMERICAN SENTINEL. 539 Let us treat all God's creaturesŠeven the insects that mind their own affairs and harm no oneŠas we would want to be treated li we were in their place. Let us re-member that God-given rights are sacred things; and let us pause and think twice before we stretch out our erring hands to mar the handiwork of the infinite GodŠbefore we wantonly take away something that is infi-nitely beyond our power to restore. It is the Creator himself who has told us that we should be careful to do to others what we would want others to do to us. A Lot in It. "MANIA, why did Cain kill Abel?" asked Charlie, look-ing up from Dore's picture of the murder of Abel in the large family Bible. "I think it says somewhere," said Mrs. Ross, rather absently, without glancing at the eager face of her boy on the floor, "that it was because Cain's works were evil, and his brother's righteous." Charlie's face was puzzled and unsatisfied. "But why, mama, did he want to kill Abel, if Abel was doing right ?" "Because Abel's right doing condemned his wrong doing, and made him feel uncomfortable." "But, mama, now think real hard, and tell me why Abel's right doing made him feel uncomfortable?" "WhyŠwhyŠbecause," said Mrs. Ross, slowly, "I suppose it annoyed him just as it annoys us to have peo-ple differ with us in opinion, and question our judgment and works." Charlie thought a moment. "Yes; that's it. It an-noyed me yesterday when Esther would not agree with me about how to sharpen a pencil. Cain wanted his own way, and of course did not want any one to have any other way than his. It's quite natural, isn't it, mama? But after all, mama, why couldn't Cain have his own way?" "He could. No one hindered him that I know of. Did any one hinder him?" "N-No;" said Charlie, slowly; "but everybody knows that it wasn't right. Why wasn't it right? What is right, any way?" "Why, right is right," said Mrs. Ross, "because it is right." "What made it right?" questioned Charlie. "0 I do not know that I can explain it so you can understand. It is right because it is in the very nature of things. The universe could not exist if right were not right. Why, Charlie, its the very nature of God himself." "Did God tell Cain and Abel what was right to do?', "Yes," said Mrs. Ross. "And you say he is right. Then he must have told them to do what he is." "That's, just it, Charlie." "Then Cain must have been angry at what God is, if Abel did what God is." "Abel was representing God," said Mrs. Ross, "and it must have been as you say." Mrs. Ross laid down her sewing as if ,a new thought had come to her. "Can you tell me any text that tells what God is?" "God is love," answered Charlie promptly. "Yes; then love is right. What is it that makes you trust me, Charlie?" "Your love," said Charlie, smiling. "It's because I know you love me." "Then because I love you, you trust me, and can safely do anything that I tell you to do, because my com-mands are the commands of love. And you know I will not tell you to do anything but what will be for your good. Because God is love, and love works only good all his creatures may safely trust in him, and do just what he says. Abel did this. He recognized that God is what he is, that is, love; and obeyed his commands, believing in their blessing to him. God's command-ments are just what God himself is, and the word God comes from the same word as good. He is the supreme Good." "But when Cain heard God's commands, he did not believe in them and did not do them, and this shows that he doubted that God was what he was, and trusted in himself as being better, wiser, and higher than God. In fact, dear, when any one sets his way above God's way, he puts himself in the place of God in his own estimation, at least. "Yes," said Charlie, "I heard papa read the other morning about a `man of sin,' who opposed and exalted himself above all that is called God. But mama, I never knew before what there was in one's own way. Why, there's a lot in it," said Charlie, wrestling with a set of suggestions he could not put into words. " So there is," said Mrs. Ross, looking far away. "There's Calvary and the dark ages in it." "What you you mean, mama?" "You asked me why Cain killed Abel," said Mrs. Ross. "Yes; and you said it was because his own works were evil and his brother's righteous." "Yes; and then we found that right was the very ex-pression of what God is, and that Abel was expressing God's own nature, and that Cain was angry about it! "Yes, mama, here it is in the Bible: 'And God said to Cain, Why art thou wroth ? and why is thy countenance fallen? If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted ? and if not, sin lieth at thy door.' " "Now, Charlie, what was Cain really angry at?" "At God," said Charlie, in an awe-struck tone. "Yes, Charlie; and now I will ask you why did Cain kill Abel?" "Why, really," said Charlie, slowly, "it was to get rid of being reminded of God; to get God out of the way. He really hated God." "I believe that that was the bottom reason. Cain 