- --tow .?" Š -7 YORK, FEBRUARY 6, 1896. 48 1)1E.INr-11-1.1E1W-E41E-d VOL. 11, No. 6. tar ANT one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE hope no one of our readers will fail to read the article, " A Voice from South Amer-ica," page 45 of this issue. It presents a most instructive picture of "national reform" ŠState recognition of God and religionŠin practical operation. " ONE of the questions which promises to be brought prominently forward in the forth-coming session of Parliament is, " says the English Churchman, " that of a Roman Catholic University for Ireland, and it is high time the Protestants of the United Kingdom realized the danger which threatens them." Upon this the Present Truth, London, very pertinently s tys, " But how much better would Protestants be equipped for the struggle had they not betrayed their own cause by contin-ually working for the State support of the Protestant religion, as professed by them." JANUARY 23 Ira T. Babcock of Lego, Guil-ford Co., N. C., was arraigned before a Justice of the Peace for cutting weeds and doing other similar work on Sunday, the 12th day of January, upon his father's farm near that place. He was required to give bond in the sum of $200 to answer before the Circuit Court at Greensboro on the 17th inst. Mr. Babcock is a Seventh-day Adventist in faith, though not a member of the church. The Sunday " law " of North Carolina exempts persons from arrest on Sunday; provides that any act required to be done in a certain number of days shall not be required to be done upon the date named if it be Sunday. Hunting "with a dog or dogs, " and carrying " a shotgun, rifle, or pistol" on Sunday is prohibited under pen-alty of a fine not to exceed $50. Fishing "on Sunday with a seine, drag net, or other kind of net, except such as are fastened to stakes, " is prohibited under penalty from $200 to $500, or " imprisonment not more than twelve months." Selling intoxicating liquors on Sunday except "on a prescription of a physician, and then only for medical purposes" is prohibited and is punishable " by fine or imprisonment or both in the discretion of the court. " The loading and unloading of freight is prohibited on Sunday as is also the running of any locomotive or cars " except such as may be run for the purpose of transporting the United States mails either with or without passengers," etc. But so far as we have been able to ascertain by examination of the statutes, there is nothing in the Code of North Carolina that prohibits ordinary labor on Sunday; but  the courts of that State may be able to find some hitherto obsolete statute that can be made to apply in the present case. If we mistake not we have heard that a "law " of this kind imposing a fine of one dollar for Sunday work does exist in North Caro-lina. MR. CHARLES T. BLAND, of the Virginia Legislature, has introduced a bill "to prohibit railroad and steamboat companies from load-ing and unloading freight on Sunday, and also from running trains or boats, except such as shall be run for carrying passengers or mails. The text of the bill is as follows:Š Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Virginia, That no railroad company shall permit the loading or unloading of any freight car on Sunday, nor shall permit any car, train of cars or locomotive to be run on Sunday on any railroad except such as may be run for the purpose of transporting the United States mail, either with or without passengers, and except such as shall be run for carrying passengers exclu-sively, and the same restrictions shall apply to steam boats; provided that the word Sunday, as it appears here, shall be construed to embrace only that portion of the day between sunrise and sunset; and that trains and steamboats in transit, having started on Saturday, may, in order to reach the terminus and shops, run until 9 o'clock A. M. on Sunday, but no later, nor for any other purpose but to reach the ter-minus and shops. And any railroad or steamboat company violating this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor in each county in which such car, train of cars, locomotive or steamboat shall run, or in which any such freight car or steamboat shall be loaded or unloaded, and upon conviction shall be fined not less than five hundred dollars for each offense; the fine when collected to be paid to the State-Treasurer for the use of the public schools. 2. And be it further enacted, That all acts or parts of acts in conflict hereto be and are hereby re-pealed. 3. This act shall be in force from its passage. We propose to give our readers very soon a review of the principles embraced in this bill, and also a history of the establishment of re-ligious liberty in Virginia more than a cen-tury ago. This will be decidedly interesting in view of Mr. Bland's bill. OUR first-page illustration, " Charlemagne Inflicting Baptism' upon the Saxons," is taken from Ridpath's " History of the World," Vol. 2. The historian relates that in the spring of A. D. 777, Charlemagne, " having satisfactorily regulated the affairs of Italy," " conceived the plan of extending the empire of religion in the opposite directions of Sax-ony and Spain. In furtherance of this pur-pose he convened at Paderborn, in the year 777, a general assembly of his people, and there the scheme of conquest was matured. The German chiefs had generally obeyed his summons, and were present at the assembly; but Wittikind, king of the Saxons, was con-spicuous by absence." In a foot note the his-torian adds:Š It was at this assembly of the Saxon chiefs that Charlemagne gave his refractory subjects their option of baptism or the sword. The impenitent barbarians, yielding in action but obdurate in mind, were com-pelled to kneel down at the bank of a stream while the priests, who accompanied Charlemagne's army, poured water upon their heads and pronounced  the baptismal ritual. The king soon had cause to learn the inefficiency of such a conversion from pa-ganism. Thus it appears that Charlemagne had in view not only the conversion of the Saxons, but more particularly the peace and safety of the State, which he thought would be pro-moted by changing them from pagans to Christians. The trouble with his plan was that the forced acquiescence of the Saxons in a religious ceremony did not work the least change in their hearts for the better, any more than does the forced observance of Sunday in the hearts of men to-day. A CORRESPONDENT, writing from Ceresco, Mich., asks us to state the facts in regard to Baptists having received government aid for their denominational schools. The Baptists never received any aid, so far as we know, for Indian schools, but they did receive aid under a contract with Henry L. Morehouse, of this city, Secretary of the American Baptist Home Missionary Society, for the support of schools for the Freedmen of the Choctaw and Chick-asaw Indians in the Indian Territory. In a letter to Mr. Allen Moon, President of the International Religious Liberty Associa-tion, under date of Sept. 12, 1894, Hon. Frank C. Armstrong, Assistant Commissioner of Indian Affairs, gives the following dates and amounts :Š In 1879, six day schools at $875 for six months. In 1882, one boarding school and eight day schools at $2,250. In 1883, one boarding school and eight day schools at $2, 750. In 1884, four day schools at $700 ; and again in the same year, for six schools at $1,500. These we believe to be the facts in regard to this matter, as anyone can learn by writing to the Office of Indian Affairs, Washington, D. C., and mentioning Mr. Armstrong's letter of the date given above. BOUND VOLUMES. WE still have on hand a few bound volumes of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for the year 1895, which we will send to any address in the Postal Union on receipt of $1.50 for the Manilla binding, or $2.50 for cloth bind-ing with leather back and corners. The matter in this volume is second to none which has appeared in the columns of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL. It covers a wide range of subjects, and touches every phase of the religious liberty question. " Nine Years' Experience," a review of the National Reform movement in all its phases from its inception until the beginning of 1895, and the articles upon the Papacy and Papal Infallibility, The Real Presence, and The Immaculate Conception, together with our numer-ous illustrated numbers, make this volume one of ex-ceptional value. Do not fail to order soon if you want one of these volumes. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. coies to one address, and underuner 5  In clubs of 5andd 250 p,60c  25  year 75c " 50 and under 100 "" 1 " - 55c " 100 or more 1 50e  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 