322 THE AIVIEEZICAN SENTINEL. most without reason, and who do all these things from purely political motives, and appoint their own relatives very often, practicing nepotism in its most glaring aspects. The political abuses of the common-school system are becoming a great public terror in mismanaged cities. What is the remedy for all these mischiefs ? " But how does he propose to' remedy the mis-chiefs ? Why, by simply adding a religious ele-ment to the already mischievous political strifes in connection with the public-school system. , He exclaims:Š " So help me, Heaven, I see no way out of the alarming evils arising from the partisan management of common schools except by the success of the Ed-munds amendment." (Applause.) Does any sober-minded man really believe-that the success of the Edmunds amendment, or any other, can stop these mischiefs ? If that or the Blair amendment were adopted, then a strife upon the question of what Bible it is that shall be used, or what is sectarian instruction, and many other questions, would be added to the al-ready deplorable political mischiefs, and the evils would be increased a thousand-fold. This result would follow just as certainly as day follows night. This is further proved by Mr. Cook's own statement that "the chief power of the Roman Catholic Church to do mischief in this country is political." Then how can it be expected to weaken that power, or to lessen the mischief, by making religious questions the essential element in politics? It is surprising to think that any thinking man can think so. Then he exhorts thus :Š " Stand up, then, for Senator Edmunds' proposed constitutional amendment while yet you can pass it. Let us invoke the national power. Let us invoke it speedily, for if we do not carry an amend-ment like Senator Edmunds' within the next twenty years, it is possible we shall never be able to carry it. The hour is critical. Remember that this amend-ment was once within two votes of passing in the Senate. Mr. Blaine's proposed amendment upon the same topic had the overwhelming support of the House. And now Senator Blair is advocating sub-stantially the same proposition. The Edmunds amendment is practicable ; it is a vital public neces-sity; but it must be passed soon or never. There-fore let us make Senator Edmunds' program our own concerning the school question. Let us join ranks. Let Protestants stand up, and all stand up, and stand together." Then in another place he says:Š " Professor Hodge went so far as to say that our conflict on the school question with the Romanist on,  the one side and the secularist on the other, is of more importance to this nation than the issues connected with slavery and intemperance." These extracts show, as plainly as need be, that this proposition to amend the Constitution of the United States upon the subject of' religion in the public schools, is nothing else than a scheme to es-tablish 'by constitutional amendment Protestant- ism as the "State religion. This was shown also in the arguments made last winter before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, in be-half of the Blair amendment. Every argument there made was for Protestantism instead of Catholicism in the public schools. If the American people want- to be kept free from the despotism of a national religion, they need to- be awake to the efforts that are being made to secure these amendments that have been offered and that are now advocated. Let the Constitution of the United States remain as it is upon the subject of religion. Keep religion out of the public schools; let the public schools be for the public. As surely as any such amend- ment shall ever be adopted asŁ has been prosed, so surely will there be the establishment off na-tional' religion, and the establishment of a na-tional religion is the establishment of a national despotism. The quotations in this article are taken from Mr. Cook's lectures, as printed in Oar Day for March, April, and May. A. T. J. Is-the Constitution Infidel? THE Christian Statesman, of August 29, says that the statement that the American government was established on the secular principle, is untrue. It says that to represent the National Reform movement as revolutionary is to forget, or inten-tionally ignore, the plainest facts of history. It says that the government is Christian, but over-turns this in the same short article by saying : " We admit that infidelity stdle a march on the American peoplein the framing of the Constitution of the United States, and we admit that, largely through the unsettling influences of that instru-ment, the relation of government to religion has become an open question, now in process of settle-ment, in, this country. But the claim that the sec-ular theory is the established American theory is false and unfair, and, like all unfair attempts in controversy, will yet bring confusion to those who make it." To the covert threat in this last clause we have nothing to say. But we would like to ask the Statesman what it is that determines the char-acter of the government, if it is not the, Constitu-t on. If, as it admits, the Constitution of the United States is a secular document, then the American theory of government must be the sec-ular theory of government. And therefore the un-fairness is wholly on its own part, in Claiming that the American theory of government is to combine religion with the government, when, according to its own admission, such a claim is -a false one. Whatever confusion results, must necessarily come to those who make such false claims. But mark, that while we say the American theory of government is the secular theory, we do not at all admit the Statesman's charge that it is an infidel theory. Infidelity did not steal a march on the American people in the framing of the Constitution of the United States, and that document is not an infidel document, it does not teach infidelity. It has no tendency whatever to-wards infidelity. To show the falsity of the state ment that infidelity stole a march on the Ameri-can people in the framing of the Constitution of the United States, it is only necessary to say that there were relizious men in the Constitutional Convention, ancl serious consideration was given to the matter of recognizing God and religion in the Constitution ; and the omission of such recog-nition was the result of careful, deliberate, con-scientious consideration. This is more clearly apparent from the fact that Within two years after.  the Constitution was adopted, ten amendments were added, the first of which is the following: " Congress shall make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." If the omission of fie name of.  God, or the recognition of religion, was an over-sight, the first amendment, instead of declaring against an establishment of religion, would;  have provided for it. Nay; the original Constitution itself declared that no religious test should ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States, But the fact that God's name is not mentioned does not make the Constitution an infidel Consti-tution, any more than the fact that a merchant's sign or his advertisement in the newspaper does not contain the name of God proves that he is an infidel. The Postmaster-General, John Wana-maker, is the pride of the National Reform party, although perhaps not a member of that organiza-tion. He is pointed to with pride as the Christian merchant. We have no disposition to question his Christianity; but we would simply call atten-tion to the fact that in all his extensive advertise- ments the name of God does not occur once. Are we to judge from that that he is an infidel? His clerks transact his business and sell goods over the counter without making any mention of the name of God. Does that show that his business is an infidel business? Nobody thinks so. On the contrary, if he should flaunt the name of God in his advertisements, and if he should instruct his clerks to make some mention of De:ty with every yard of cotton or silk that they tore off, the people would justly question the genuine-ness of his profession. In his book, " Church and State in the United States," Dr. Schaff speaks as follows concerning the proposed amendment `recognizing God in the Constitution :Š " Our chief objection to. such an amendment, be-sides its impracticability, is that it rests upon a false assumption, and casts an unjust reflection upon the original document, as if it were hostile to religion. But it is neither hostile nor friendly to any religion; it is simply silent on the subject, as lying beyond the jurisdiction of the general government. The absence of the, names of God and Christ, in a purely political and legal document, no more proves denial or irrev-erence than the absence of those names in a mathe-matical treatise, or the statutes of a bank or railroad corporation. The title holiness' does not make the Pope of Rome any holier than he is, and it makes the contradiction only more glaring in such characters as Alexander VI. The book of Esther and the Song of Solomon are undoubtedly productions of devout wor-shipers of Jehovah ; and yet the name of God does not occur once in them." According to the National Reform view, the book of Esther and the Song of Solomon would be called infidel documents.. But of all people who talk about infidelity, the National Reformers show the least knowledge of what infidelity is ; and this for the reason that they have the least ,knowledge of what constitutes-Christianity. - E. J. W. Ł Ł Where-the Line Should Be-Drawn. THE Examiner Baptist) says :Š "The constitutional convention of the Territory of Idaho has adopted a bill of rights containing a section providing that no person shall be denied any civil ror political right or privilege on account of religious opinions.' But the provision was qualified by the further statement that the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be construed to justify polyg-amous practices, nor to permit any person, organi-zation, or association to directly or indirectly aid or abet, counsel, or advise any person to commit the crime of bigamy or polygamy.' Under the territo-rial law hitherto prevailing, as interpreted by the high-est court of the Territory, all Mormon residents of Idaho have been disfranchised, even monogamous Mormons not being permitted to vote. " The disfranchisement of a Mormon, simply for be-ing a Mormon, is an interference with the rights -of conscience that are guaranteed to every citizen by the constitution of the United States, and if the law in question had been interpreted -by the Supreme Court, it would no doubt have been pronounced un-constitutional. The Federal Constitution does not, however, prevent a State from abridging the religious liberty of its citizens, but public opinion is strongly adverse to such abridgment under any circumstances. 