634 THE SENTITEI., OF- LIBERTY. EDMUND BURKE ON TKE DOCTRINE OF ARBI-TRARY' POWER. (Concluded4 MEN, professing to be the representatives of re-publican government, are astounded to-day when told that they can not succeed to arbitrary poWer by treaty, purchase and conquest without the consent of those whom they are to rule. How much greater be their astonishment should they hear such words as these -of Mr. Burke: "The title of conquest makes no difference at all. No conquest can give such a right; for con-questŠthat is, forceŠcan not convert its own in-justiceinto a just title by which it may rule others at its pleasure. . . . " No, my lords, this arbitrary power is not to-be had by conquest. Nor can any sovereign'have it by succession, for no man can succeed to fraud, rapine, and violence, neither 'by compact, covenant, or sub-mission; for men can not covenant themselves out of their rights.and their duties, nor by any other means can arbitrary power be conveyed to ,any man. Those who give to Others such, rights perform acts that are void as they are given,.good indeed and valid only as tending to subject themselves and those who act with them to the' divine displeasure, because morally there can be no such power. Tho4e who give and those who receive arbitrary power are alike criminal, and there is no man but is bound to resist it to the best of his power wherever it shall show its face in the world. It is a crime to bear it when it can be rationally, shaken off. Nothing but absolute 'impotence can justify °men, in not resisting it to the utmost of their ability. " Law and arbitrary power are in eternal. enmity. Name me a magistrate and'1 will name property; name the power and I will name protection. It is a contradiction in terms, it is blasphemy in religion: it is, wickedness in politics to say that any.rrian can have arbitrary power. In every patent of office the duty is included. For what else does a 'magistrate exist? To suppose for power is an absbrdity in idea.' Judges are guided 'and governed by the eternal laws of justice to which we, are all subject. We may bite our, chains if we will, but we shall 'be made to know ourselves, and be tapght that man is born to be gov-erned by law; and he that will substitute will in the place of it is an enemy of God. " Despotism does not' in the smallest -degree abrogate, alter, or.  lessen any one duty of any rela-tion of life or weaken the fotce or obligation of any one engagement or contract whatever. Despotism, if it means' anything that is at all defensible, means a mode of government bound by no written rules  and coerced by controlling magistracies or well-settled orders in the state. But if it has no written law, it neither does nor can cancel the primeval, in-defeasible, unalterable law of nature and of nations, and if 'no magistracies control its exertions, those exertions must derive their limitation and direction either from the equity or mdderation of the ruler, or from downright revolt on the part of the subject by rebellion, divested of all its criminal qualities. 'The moment a sovereign removes the idea of 'security and protection from his subjects, and declares that he is ° everything and they nothing, when he declares that no contract he makes with them can or ought to bind him, he then declares war upon them.' He is no longer sovereign; they are no longer subjects. " No man, therefore, has a right to arbitrary power." "Arbitrary power never did in any case, nor ever will in any case, produce any one of the ends of just government." As to the value of precedent in this matter, which was set up 'in justification then as now, Mr. Burke 'said: " My lords, we all know that there has been arbi-trary power in India; that ,tyrants have usurped it, and that, in some instances, princes otherwise meri-torious have violated the liberties of the people, and have been lawfully deposed for such violation. I do not deny that there are robberies on Hounslow Heath; that there are such things as forgeries, bur-glaries, and murders, but I say that these acts are against law, and that whoever commit them commit illegal acts. When a man is to defend himself against a charge of crime it is not instances of similar violation of law that is to be the standard of his de- fense. A. may as well say I robbed upon Hounslow Heath, but hundreds robbed there beforeﬂ me. To which I answer, the law has forbidden you to rob there, and I will hang you for having violated the law, notwithstanding the long list of similar vio-lations which you have produced as precedents. No doubt princes have violated the law of this country; they have suffered for it. Nobles have violated the law; their privileges have not protected them from,  punishment. Common people have violated the law; they have been hanged for it. I know no human being exempt from the law. The law is the security of the people of England; it is the security of the people of India; it is the security of every person that is governed and of every person that governs. There is but one law for all, namely, that law which,  governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law Of humanity, justice, equity, the law of nature and of nations. So far as any laws fortify this' primeval law and give it more precision, more energy, more 