0401100T JUS/70z 713  ei`%* .444  (-4:asir KEEP Tryt  l'Alt AND THE crOth rogyeg5IPARATV:413PR 166 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sabbath Union, nor any other union, or any government on earth, to uphold his word. But rather his word upholds men. And there is the point of it. The Ameri-lean Sabbath Union knows that the Sun-day has no word of God to uphold it, so they seek to prop the tottering affair on resolutions and appeals to the arm of flesh. If their design is not the exaltation of Sunday as a religious institution, then why not seek to emancipate the laboring man from unneccessary Tuesday work ? But, oh no, Tuesday rest would not fill the empty church pews and contribution boxes. And the American Sabbath Union is not nearly so much interested in the poor laboring man's "much needed" rest as they are in having good attendance at their meetings. And this last can be at-tained only by " preserving the Christian Sabbath "ŠSunday. Again, where is the relation between the effort "to secure to labor one day of rest in seven " of the preamble, and the pres-ervation of the "Christian Sabbath" of the resolution proper ? Well, the whole thing is merely to obtain a " much needed" (?) recognition of Sunday sacred-ness. This so-called plea for labor is to gain that end. It is a religio-political concernŠnothing more, nothing less, con-sequently it is un-American, and un-christian. For God preserves the Chris-tian religion and institutions in spite of opposition. They are backed by the power of God's word. But Sunday sacredness is not; hence, all these appeals and resolu-tions to preserve this relic of popery and paganism. H. V. ADAMS. SUNDAY evening, May 15, Rev. 0. P. Gifford, Pastor of the Immanuel Baptist Church, Chicago, presented to his congre-gationŠwhich upon the occasion num-bered about three hundredŠa series of resolutions in favor of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. Mr. Gifford was about to put the question when Dr. J. N. Crouse rose and said that he was strongly opposed to the resolutions. "This is a curious issue," remarked the Doctor, " it is the extreme Sunday observer and the saloon keeper banding together for the closing of the Fair." " I think," continued the Doctor, "that the opening of the Fair will be of great benefit to the workmen from an educational standpoint. I am therefore in favor of the adoption of an amendment to close the machinery Sun-day, but that all the art galleries and edu-cational exhibits be opened and the poor and the workmen be admitted free of charge. If we close the Fair Sunday we will have these masses that come here to visit us crowd into the saloons and gam-bling houses." Dr. Crouse's, remarks showed those pres-ent that there were two ways of looking at the question and " throw'd a coldness ober de meetin'." The question was put; but only about one-sixth of the congrega-tion voted for the resolutions, and about a fourth as many voted in the negative. We glean these facts from the ChicagO Tribune, of May 16. FIGGS.ŠJoblots is getting to be a crank. He has started a remonstrance against opening any more new streets in his ward. Diggs.ŠHow is he interested ? Figgs.ŠHe has got it into his head that they intend to keep them open on Sunday. ŠNew York Herald. 1VIteriCSIVA.14 1161101ous Libutil fissoGlatiou DECORUM OF PRINGIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submitŁ ting to its authority..  We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f llow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. THE Presbyterian pastors of western Pennsyl-vania have pledged themselves to raise funds for the use of the Law and Order League, and have agreed that their congregations shall act as com-mittees for that purpose. When it is understood that these Law and Order Leagues are extra legal organizations, employing a systematized detective and secret agency, existing for the enforcement of religious law mainly, it will be immediately seen that one of the most effective factors in inquisito-rial persecution is again actually in operation. Who can fail to see the parallel and appreciate the danger? A CORRESPONDENT of the Review and Herald, writing from Geneva, Switzerland, says: "Switzer-land is a great center for the Sunday movement on the European Continent. The International Sun-day Association has its seat in Geneva. In most of the cantons there are laws compelling the ob-servance of the day, and the Sunday unions are at every opportunity asking for more rigid laws. After the recent railroad disasters they sent very earnest appeals to the railroad companies asking them to suppress the Sunday tickets (we have Sun-day tickets for half the usual fare), as the cars are always packed full on this day." THE Congressional Record, of May 11, under the title of "Petitions and Memorials," has the follow-ing:Š MR. PLATT. I present three memorials from churches in the State of Connecticut, remonstrat-ing against any appropriation for the World's Fair unless a guaranty is given that the Fair shall be closed on Sunday and no liquor sold on the prem-ises, with a threat of opposition hereafter to all members of Congress not heeding the demands of the memorialists. I wish to say that I think I am in sympathy with the purpose of the memorialists; I have long ago announced my opinion that the World's Fair ought to be closed on Sunday, but I am not in sympathy with the threat which is con-tained in the memorials. I do not like to do any-thing under duress because I am threatened. Thus, nothing daunted by previous rebuke, the " political blackmail " upon senators and Congress-men continues. The Sun. speaks of this incident editorially, at some length, and characterizes it as an abuse of the right of petition, saying, " The idea of incorporating threats in a petition is a nov-elty, and presents an incongruity almost as great as there would be in putting a menace into a prayer. The late Dr. Lieber in his treatise on Civil Liberty and Self-government, said: `The right of petition is indeed a necessary consequence of the right of free speech and deliberation, a simple, primitive,  and natural right. As a privilege it is not even denied the creature in addressing the Deity.' But in addressing the Deity no one has ever yet gone so far as to mingle threats with his supplications. . . . The Sunday closing of the World's Fair will not be promoted by such performances." To see the aggressive, bulldozing spirit of saloon politics emanate from the pastor's study is certainly contrary to expectation. But the exhibition has been made. The highest legislative body in the land has been the recipient of its discourtesies. Our legislators would do well to consider whether it is the desire to further a Christian or an unchris-tian purpose that leads to this disregard of Chris-tian and common courtesy. THIS Nation, which, according to the decisions of the judges of the United States Supreme Court, and United States Circuit Court for Tennessee, is a "Christian Nation," has wrapped the robes and broad phylacteries of its exclusive religion about it and refused longer to associate with the Chinamen. Long ago this country ceased to be the "asylum for the oppressed of all nations," now an entire people is excluded. It would be natural to expect that this supposedly heathen nation would apply the doctrine of an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth, right here. But instead of that the Chinese seem to have made use of that " soft answer which turneth away wrath ; " to have turned the other cheek ; and applied the injunction as to forgiveness even to seventy times seven. Perhaps. our "Chris-tian " legislators, law-makers, and National Re-formers, who make this Christian Nation, would do well to give some attention to the ethics of heathen China. THE Christian Statesman notes that "the Win-dow Glass Worker's Council, L. A. 300, Knights of Labor, representing 6,000 workmen, has authorized its officers to petition for the Sabbath closing of the World's Fair," and says: "This action and that of the Farmer's Alliance at Ocala, are the working-men's answer to the infidel's and trafficker's argu-ment that the Fair should be opened for working-men." The reference to the Sunday plank of the Ocala. platform of the Farmer's Alliance is scarcely a, happy one, if it is intended to prove by it that theŁ farmers, as a class of workmen, approve of Sunday laws. In the first place, it is very doubtful if that platform met with the approval of many of the actual working farmers of this country; in the next place, that Sunday plank has since been disap-proved of by the very ones who spiked it to the tail end of the platform at Ocala. It has not found a place in any official utterance of the party since. Why not ? Because they had sufficient intelligence to perceive very soon that religious observances, which are matters of individual choice, have no place in a political platform. THE Washington Post, of May 18, says, in its column of congressional notes, under the sub-head "A Mass of Conflicting Petitions " :Š It might appear, if one were to judge by the large number of petitions and remonstrances pre-sented in the Senate yesterday on the subject of having the World's Columbian Exposition closed on Sunday and the sale of intoxicating liquors on the grounds prohibited, that there was no public mat-ter interesting the people in all parts of the country to a degree at all approaching the interest felt in that question. But the church associations and the temperance societies on the one side, and the Seventh-day Baptists and the liberals on the other, have been striving with each other as to which will pour a larger volume of petitions into the baskets. of the Quadro-Centenial Committee, for and against, these propositions. And so, for the last month or two nearly half of the morning hour of the SenateŁ has been taken up in the formal presentation of these petitions, until the thing has become quite monotonous. While this paragraph is intended to be entirely-impartial, and probably was written by one who does. not sympathize with those who would have Con-gress arbitrarily close the World's Fair on Sunday,. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER - 