AMERICAN SENTINEL. 99 The fourteenth chapter goes right on with the same subjectŠ" Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations," etc. We are not to judge anybody when they do not do as we do; nor when they do not do as we think they ought to do; nor when they do not do even as God says they ought to do. We are not to judge anybody at all; because every one of us shall give an account of himself to God. "Who art thou that judgeth another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up; for God is able to make him stand." Jesus said, "Call no man master, for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren." (Matt. 23:8.) James also speaks of this: " Be not many masters, knowing that ye shall receive the greater condemnation." (James 3:1.) Many masters receive greater condemnation: then what would few masters receive ?ŠLess condemnation. Then what would no master at all receive ?ŠNo con-demnation. The more masters the more condemnation: then only condemnation goes with mastership at all. Whoever assumes mastership of anybody's conduct, wishes, faith, rights, or his standing before God, comes under the condemnation of Him who is the master of all individuals alike. As the Lord Jesus has bought at an infinite price every soul in the world, he alone is master of each soul in the world. Each one is responsible to him; and to him alone that person stands or falls. Each one is forbidden to judge any other man, because we shall each one stand before the Judgment seat of Christ to give an account of himself, not of somebody else. I must give an account of myself to God; not of you. A. T. J. What It Means to America. FROM the recent press dispatches from Manila, we know what the imperial policy of the American Govern-ment means to the inhabitants of the Philippines. It will be well to inquire what it means also, if anything, to inhabitants of the United States. It may be commonly supposed that the policy car-ried out in far-off lands means nothing to the people at home, and that the latter need not therefore concern themselves particularly about it. No view of the subject could be more short-sighted. Imperialism as an adopted policy of the American Government, means new definitions of the words "patri-otism," "treason," "public enemy," etc., for the Ameri-can people. This is not merely true in theory; it is already evi-dent in existing facts. Note the following language of a New York'City daily, which voices the sentiment of the imperialists in this matter:Š "Certain members of the United States Senate mis-understand their position in, mistake their relation to, the country. They are not merely part of a defeated  minority, as they might have been on any measure of entirely domestic concern. They are accomplices in a crushed conspiracy. It is quite within the merits of the case and the proprieties of speech to call them revolu-tionists who have failed, and therefore, rebels. But, whether we exercise that privilege or not, the fact re-mains that they have been banded with the armed and savage foes of their country against their country. In some respects they differ not at all from the white men whom Jackson found and hanged in the camp of Florida Indians. In others they approach the status of the members of the Hartford Convention, and in others that of the Secessionist members of Buchanan's Cabinet, the most notorious of whom shipped arms to southern arsenals on the eve of rebellion. Their continuance of support to the 'government' of the dictator Aguinaldo after its followers had opened fire on the American out-posts at Manila, in pursuance of a published and widely-circulated declaration of war against this country, un-doubtedly constitutes them traitors in law and traitors of a sort for whom no sentimental sympathizers would go bail." These "certain members of the United States Senate" were ibose members who adhered to the principle of gov-ernment by the consent of the governed, as maintained in the Declaration of Independence, and vindicated by the terrible ordeal of the Civil War. For their adherence to this principle, than which until less than a year ago no principle was considered more plainly or firmly es-tablished in American Government, these men, and mem-bers of the Senate at that, are denounced as rebels and traitors, who ought to be arrested and held without bail. This sentiment :is mere sentiment as yet, but in the natural order of things it will come to beclothed with the authority and power of law. This is what imperialism means to the opposing mi- nority in Congress, and what it means to the like minor-ity among every class of American citizens. Legal Christianity Impossible. From a late opinion by Judge Moore, of the Superior Court of Michigan.  WE are told that . . . "Christianity is a part of the common law of this country," lying behind and above, its constitutions. Those who make this assertion can hardly be serious, and intend the real import of their language. If Christianity is a law of the State, like every other law, it must have a sanction. Adequate penalties must be provided to enforce obedience to all its require-ments and precepts. No one seriously contends for any such doctrine in this country, or, I might almost say, in this age of the world. The only foundationŠrather, the only excuseŠfor the proposition, that Christianity is part of the law of this country, is the fact that it is a Christian country, and that its constitutions and laws are made by aChristian people. And is not the very fact that those laws do not attempt to enforce Christianity or to place it upon exceptional or vantage ground, itself 