158 THE ,AMERICAN SENTINEL. cation Society is liberally permeated Ł with the doctrine of soul liberty and the rights of con-science. The sermon on this subject, by Rev. R. D. Clark, of Eureka, published in the SENTINEL of April 24, has the true Baptist ring. No intel-ligent Baptist can controvert his position. It is as fundamental and firm as the everlasting rock, and in-vain will the waves of religious fanaticism and intolerance break against it. All that Chris-tian people have a right to ask of the State is, protection in their worship and church work. All Sunday laws and Sabbath laws which require the people to yield a certain observance of a certain day in the interests of religion, is contrary to the spirit of our Government, and an invasion of the civil rights guaranteed to every citizen of the republic. When will the people learn that the religion of Jesus Christ can never be implanted in the heart by legislative enactments and civil processes? I believe the first day of the week is the "Lord's day," to be observed by his people under the new covenant, but I do not believe its observance is to be enforced by legal enactments. If this institution of religion is to be sustained by the pains and penalties of civil power, then why not all other Christian institutions, including baptism and the Lord's Supper? Where is the difference in principle? While I insist upon my right to hold public worship on the first day of the week, I insist with equal tenacity that the Sabbatarian has just as good a right, from a civil standpoint, to hold public worship on the seventh day of the week. It is the province of the State to recognize, track out, and punish crime; but, when it comes to the ordinances, institutions, and forms of Christian worship, we say to it, HANDS OFF. These are my views upon this subject, and I have written them at your request. You are at liberty to make any use of them you think best. Very truly yours, E. B. HATCH, Pastor Salinas Baptist Church. National Reformers. THEY tell us again and again that our Govern-ment is atheistic, because, as a Nation, we have never acknowledged God as the supreme ruler of the universe, a statement wholly at variance with truth, no matter how often it may be repeated. They can hardly put on cheek enough to deny the official character of the Declaration of Independ-ence, the national and necessary preamble to the Constitution and laws of the United States. Every school-boy knows that in the first sentence of that first official deliverance of the Nation, "the law of nature and of nature's God" are acknowledged ; and again, near the close of it, it " appeals to the supreme Judge of the world " and confesses " reli-ance on divine providence." If this is not ac-knowledgment of God by the Government of the United States, then there was no Fourth of July in 1776. This is our atheistic Government! But they ask that the name and the religion of the Son of God be put in the Constitution. Now a little reflection will convince the candid mind that this would unite Church and State. The blessing of God and "the protection of di-vine providence " having been invoked in behalf of the Nation in its preambles, the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution itself must be an inventory of its own powers. These powers all being compulsory, forbid its, connection with the Christian religion. God has appointed the State, or secular power, as a representative of justice with power to compel obedience. He appointed the church, or spiritual power, as a representative of mercy, with power only to per-suade. If, then, the religion of Christ be recog-nized by the,  ecular power at all, it will belong to that power as a proper subject of forcible propa-gation or forcible suppression, neither of which is admissible. God has appointed his church to carry the religion of his Son to all the world, but he has not appointed the State either to help or hinder, because it knows no power but force. It is the duty of the State, or secular power, here and everywhere, to protect the persons and property of those who believe, preach, or practice the religion of Christ, and nothing more. The church of Christ, with her omnipotent Founder to lead, needs no State support, nor will her great charter allow it. To show that the National Reformers hold no such truths as these, we have only to quote from their own official organ, the Christian Statesman. That paper says:Š " We advocate such a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will place all our Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an unde-niable legal basis in the very charter of the Govern-ment." The above language certainly implies an amend-ment that would give Congress the control of the Christian religion, and it would depend upon the religious complexion of that body whether we had a Protestant or Catholic establishment. They tell us that their amendment would not unite Church and State, for the Constitution already provides that " Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;" and that is true, and a glorious truth while it stands there; but we propose to show that their amendment Will erase it. For example, Article IV, section 3 of the Constitu-tion provides for the rendition of fugitive slaves, but the thirteenth amendment abolishes slavery entirely, and of course abrogates the rendition article. An amendment always abrogates a for-mer clause inconsistent with that amendment, and the courts will so decide. Now take the Chris-tian Statesman for what that amendment is to be, and put it in the Constitution, with congressional power to enforce it, then if you have not got a union of Church and State there is not a lawyer in the United States that can write down with pen and ink what would constitute a legal estab-lishment of religion by the State. They are challenged and defied to answer the following question without self-stultification: If there was a party in this country that wished to unite Church and State, where else could they begin than with this amendment? WILL M. GLENN. Coulterville, Penn. That Civil Sabbath. THE New York Mail and Express says :Š "These Sunday newspapers take away the Sabbath of those who make them up and sell them. They teach young people, into whose homes they go, that worldly matters need not be laid aside on Sunday; they secularize the day for every Christian who reads them." How do the Sunday newspapers take away the rest of those who work at them on Sunday? Why, just as a farmer's corn-field takes away his rest when he hoes corn on Sunday. But who is to blame? the farmer or the corn-field? the printer or the Sunday paper ? A corn-field or a Sunday  paper that is mean enough to take away a man's rest on Sunday ought to enter the toils of the Iri--quisition at once. But why need worldly matters be laid aside on Sunday ? Isn't it a " civil Sunday " that they want the law to enforce by civil penalties? Are not worldly matters civil matters ? and is it not proper to attend to civil matters on a civil day ? Again, "they secularize the day for every Christian who reads them." Who secularizes the day for Christians? Is it the paper? or the pro-fessed Christians who read it? Is it the corn-field? or the Christian that hoes in it? Why don't you tell the truth, and put the blame where it belongs ? Why don't you say that these ex-cellent Christiajs (?) have not enough conscience and moral backbone to do what they believe to be right, 'and that you want a law that will take away from them all chance to do wrong, so they will be compelled to receive the blessing of God and go to Heaven ? Without a Sunday law, no doubt many of these good Christians would con-tinue reading the Sunday newspapers till the day of Judgment ; and when asked why they were not ready for Heaven, they would reply, "0 Lord, we should have been ready if it had not been for those Sunday papers. You see we tried to get a law to stop them, for.  we did not want to read them ; but they kept on printing them, and they would creep right into our homes on Sunday, and we just had to read them." And they will expect the Lord to excuse their hypocrisy and pass them into the realms of the blest, while he pronounces judgment upon the Sunday news-papers in the words, " Be ye eternally damned !" But why should you blame the Sunday papers, or Christians, or anybody else, for secularizing Sunday? Isn't that what the leaders in the Sun-day-law movement profess that they are trying to do? Are they not urging Congress and every State Legislature to pass laws enforcing the ob-servance of Sunday "as a civil institution," and do not secular and civil mean the same thing? We would like to have somebody tell how they can make Sunday a "civil institution " without making it at the same time secular. The Christians who read the Sunday papers are merely carrying out in their actions what those that censure them are trying to enact into law. They are making Sun-day a civil, or secular, institution. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. THE Christian Nation says of such men as Murat Halstead, editor of the Cincinnati Com-mercial Gazette, that "the best thing to do with them is to send them out of the country." What is his offense? Why, he is not the kind of a pol-itician that suits the National Reform idea. If it will aid in securing the supremacy of his party, he "will openly declare that a Sabbath law can-not be enforced anyhow." That makes him an awfully bad man from a National Reform stand-point, and he "should not be appointed to any office." It is said that "coming events cast their shadows before," and such utterances as these from the Christian Nation show what kind of a Government we may expect when the "Reform-ers" shall have succeeded in making this a " Christian Nation " by constitutional amendment. They make very smooth pretensions, but occa-sionally the real spirit of the religious amend-ment movement crops out. The foregoing is in perfect keeping with the sentiments expressed by leading National Reformers on various occasions, and is a fair indication of their ultimate inten-tions. 