OCTOBER 1, 1896. ltaaNTriVI  309 dispatch from Sebastopol saying that " the Russian Black Sea fleet has been put on a war footing, and that three battalions of infantry have been embarked. "Part of the fleet is cruising off Otchakoff, at the mouth of the Dnieper River, forty miles from Odessa, under orders that if its com-mander receives a telegram from M. Nelidoff, the Russian Ambassador to Turkey, it must join the remainder of the fleet leaving Sebas-topol and go direct to the Bosporus. All the troops in South Russia are ready for active service." These dispatches show that the situation is extremely critical. Even a very slight thing apparently might precipitate a conflict. MUST ACT CONSCIENTIOUSLY. APROPOS to an article in these columns, September 3, on " The Christian Citizen," is the following paragraph from the Signs of the Times of September 17:Š " Freedom under the Stars and Stripes permits the male citizen of this country over twenty-one years of age to exercise his fran-chise at the polls under the same conditions as all other citizens. This is one of his rights, which he may exercise or not as he elects; but it would not be right for his fellow-citizens to seek to compel him to vote. Such an attempt would deprive him of his liberty. The exercise, or non-exercise, of such rights belongs to him. In fact, he might not conscientiously be able to exercise such a right; it might not be right for him to do this; he would violate his conscience if he did. For instance, he might believe in a high tariff `for protection' and `free silver.' He is conscientiously opposed to a 'gold stan-dard,' a waiting birnetalism, and a low tariff, or a tariff for `revenue.' It would not be right for him to vote otherwise than he be-lieves. Where would he vote ? We have two Democratic parties, the Republican party, the National, the Prohibition, the Socialist parties. But not one of these holds to what seems to our conscientious citizen the two cardinal principles of the country's needs. To him, therefore, it would not be right to exercise the right of franchise, and it would not be right to compel him so to do." Ł TOLERATION AND FREEDOM. [Evening Herald, Syracuse, N. Y., Sept.11.] THE Illinois Appellate Court has just handed down a decision which will be wel-comed by every person who understands' at all the genius of our political institutions. This decision is that plowing of corn on Sun-day, or other similar labor, quietly performed, does not in itself constitute a breach of the peace and call for the exercise of police power. The defendant in the case upon which appeal was taken to the Appellate Court is named Foll and is a Seventh-day Adventist. The members of the sect to which he belongs observe Saturday as the Sabbath, and on .Sunday they feel free to engage in any work that does not in itself constitute a breach of the peace. The charge against Foll was that he plowed his land on Sunday. Any other decision than that rendered would be an out-rage upon the rights of the individual. A republican government can have no more license to force a citizen to observe any given day in a certain way than it can have to force every citizen to subscribe to a given religious creed, and persecution of the kind attempted  by the petty bigots who caused the arrest of Seventh-day Adventist Foil for plowing his field on Sunday is utterly abhorrent to the genius of American institutions. A majority in the State has the right to say that the peace shall not be broken on a certain day, but it has not the right to say that the ordi-nary vocations of life are necessarily breaches of the peace in themselves if pursued on a certain day. Such intolerance would be a blunder as well as a crime against liberty. Liberty for all to worship as they please and the separation of State and Church are only to be had where the State does not at-tempt to force conformity in such matters as creed and the observance of the Sabbath. When a Christian missionary goes to China or other country where Christianity is looked upon as a queer, absurd doctrine by the aver-age native, he is fortunate indeed if his preaching and practices are not also regarded by the natives as breaches of the peace, dan-gers to society and corruptors of religion. When toleration has been secured, after trib-ulation and sacrifice, the missionaries regard the victory as a great one. It is an evidence that the country is becoming civilized. Such a prosecution as that of Seventh-day Adventist Foil is a survival of the intolerance which has made history a bloody record. It shows that despite the theory of our institu-tions, and the bitter experience of many American denominations with their fellow-Christians, the old spirit of sectarian hatred, most merciless and revengeful, is yet alive here and there, even in a country whose very foundation was a protest against intolerance, and whose continuance as a republic and as a union depends upon toleration in the broadest possible sense of the word. Ł Ł  OUR LIBERTY IN DANGER. BY WILLIAM SIMPSON. * DEAR to the hearts of all mankind is the precious gift of God, " liberty." The pages of history testify to this fact as we read of the desperate attempts of man to attain this priceless boon. For days, men have willingly deprived themselves of food and suffered from rain and cold to gain this hope that was set before them. Many a father has left the comforts of home and even yielded up his life, and many a mother has sacrificed her son for the blessings of freedom that we now enjoy; but, like health, how little we appreciate it. It is only when we feel it slipping from us that we become alarmed and make an effort to retain it. What Canadian is there, whether saint or sinner, who would be willing to give up, without remonstrance, his civil or religious liberty; and who would not raise his voice in warning should he see it in danger ? " Give me liberty or give me death," are the sentiments of every true human heart. Not liberty to trample upon the rights of our fellowmen, not liberty to compel others to conform to our ideas and customs. No, this would be despotism, and we plead for freedom from such. We plead for equal rights, not only in civil but also in religious matters, and especially the latter, as this is in danger and so in need of the most diligent attention of all, just now, whether infidel or Christian. You may take no interest whatever in re-ligion and console yourself with the thought * The writer of this article is one of the two Seventh-day Adventist ministers who recently served forty days each in Chatham (Ontario) Jail for Sunday work. that it is of no importance to you; but stop and consider a few plain questions. Would you like to be forced by law to be-lieve in God ? Would you not object if com-pelled to pray, to attend church and partake of the Lord's supper ? Would you not re-monstrate if urged by law to be baptized, or to observe any religious form in which you have no faith ? I am sure you would claim the right to believe or not believe as you might see fit. But on the other hand, suppose that you are a Christian, would you not recoil with horror at the thought of being compelled to pay homage to the Papacy ? Would you not be reluctant to give rip your faith in the doctrines of the Bible or to break one com-mand of the law of God ? I am sure you would. In view of this fact, what position can civil government take in religious mat-ters? Whom shall it favor, the infidel or the Christian, or shall it favor either ? This is indeed an important question, but the searchlight of truth as illustrated in his-tory tells us that in matters of religion the civil government can of right have no power. A royal proclamation issued by the Queen recognizes that the civil government cannot rule the consciences of men, and declares as follows:Š We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in any wise favored, none molested nor dis-quieted, by reason of their religious faith or observ-ances, but that all shall alike enjoy the Equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects on pain of our highest displeasure. Noble words these, but are they being obeyed ? Look about you, reader, Łto-day, and answer the questions. Are any favored in their religious convictions ? Are any mo- lested or disquieted by reason of their relig-ious faith or observance? Do all alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law? Are all who are in authority under Her Maj-esty the Queen abstaining from all interfer-ence with the religious belief and worship of all of her objects ? We need not look far for an answer to these plain questions. The yielding of Parliament to the demands of the different religious bodies for law to enforce religious dogmas, tell us that some are .favored. The angry threats of enforcing law and the bitter relig- ious hatred of professed Christians toward some who do not agree with them -in their forms of worship, tell us that there are some who are molested and disquieted by reason of their religious faith and observances. Could the silent cells of Chatham jail but talk, they would inform us that all do not alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection, of the law, and likewise some magistrates' offices would tes-tify to the fact that all who are under author-ity to the Queen do not abstain from all interference with the religious belief and wor-ship of all of her subjects. Not long since, the writer, with other of his brethren, was arrested and dragged before the civil courts by fellow-Christians (?) and for what crime ? Let the summons tell:Š Whereas you have this day been charged before the undersigned, Geo. A. Watson, a justice of the peace in and for the said county of Kent; for that you on the third day of November, A. D. 1895, at the town-ship of Chatham, in the county of Kent, did exer-cise worldly labor, being the Lord's day (the sabbath day). We are not accused of interfering with the civil rights of our fellowmen, but for exercis-ing worldly labor on the Lord's day (the first day of the week). We are arraigned before rulers and magis-trates, not for crime with which civil law 