128 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, No. 16. NEW YORK, APRIL 16, 1891. NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WE learn from a Spokane, Wash., pa-per that Rev. Sam Small is now in the Northwest. He is expected in Spokane early in May, and the ministers are plan-ning a boom for the Sunday Sabbath. Mr. Small's wit is, we suppose, expected to supply the lack of divine authority for the observance of the day, and also to bolster up in the State of Washington the somewhat- shaky sentiment in favor of " civil " Sunday laws. " Lux BENIGNA," a correspondent of the Sunday Bulletin (Bloomington, Ill.) is letting a, little kindly light in upon the " Sabbath Question." We republish this week the second of his articles upon this subject. It might be surmised that the writer is an observer of the seventh day, but to the best of our knowl-edge such is not the case. He is simply one of the many who recognize the fact that Sunday is not the Sabbath by divine appointment. Ł Ł Ł OF the time of the sojourn of the Israel-ites in the wilderness, the Christian Ad-vocate, of this city, says :Š Manna fell six days out of seven, but not on the seventh, through a long period. That manna, when gathered on Saturday, would keep over the Sabbath. Can .it be that the Advocate does not know that in the wilderness no manna was gathered on Saturday ? that that day was the Sabbath, and that the manna gathered on Friday was kept over and used upon Saturday ? A little more can-dor in discussing the Sabbath question would be commendable. IN the prelude to one of his recent lec- tures, Joseph Cook gave, among others "equally good," the following " argu- ment " against opening the Columbian Exposition on Sunday:Š Our army and navy have always rested upon the Sabbath, and the Constitution of the United States allows the President ten days to affix his name to enactments of Congress, exclusive of Sunday. If the President, then, be allowed to rest on Sunday, certainly the workingman should be granted this privilege. Nothing could more clearly show the desperate straits to which men are driven to find an excuse for Sunday laws. It seems as- though sensible people would soon get tired of exposing their illogical  position asthey do in using that clause in the Constitution concerning Sunday. So far as the Constitution allowing the Presi-dent to rest upon Sunday is, concerned, it would be the same if that exception were not in it. The President would not be obliged to work on Sunday-, even if the Constitution gave him simply ten days in which to sign a bill, without excepting Sunday. But Mr. Cook's plea that the workingman should likewise be allowed to rest on Sunday, seems to be based upon the idea that it requires ten full days of hard manual labor on the part of the President to sign every bill that comes before him, and that if the Sunday were not excepted from the ten days allowed, the President would be obliged to work on Sunday in order to get a bill signed. The absurdity of such an idea is simply the absurdity of the entire Sunday argu-ment. ALL good citizens will rejoice that the law of this State has been so amended as to make the employment of police matrons mandatory, in cities containing over 25,000 inhabitants. The police authorities have-steadily opposed this reform, as they do nearly everything to ameliorate the con-dition of persons under arrest. The old legal maxim, that a man is to be presumed innocent until proven guilty, has no weight with the average policeman; with arrest-ing and detaining officers the presumption is all the other way, especially if the prisoner happens to be a woman. The employment of matrons ought to correct some very flagrant abuses in this and other cities in this State. IN an article which has just appeared in the Christian Statesman (a little out of season, it is true) Mrs. Josephine C. Bate-ham, of the Woman's Christian Temper- ance Union, says :Š We are not pushing the national Sunday rest bill this winter. The session will be short and crowded, and it seems best to hold petitions till next winter, and let the rest bill for the District take precedence if either can be reached. Have your petitions ready for next winter, that we may be strongly reinforced for congressional work. For both this and the Dis-trict bill petitions, give especial attention to the laboring classes, and signify this on the petition. When either bill passes it will be when Congress is convinced the laboring men want it. And it is safe to say that no means will be left unused to convince Congress that the laboring men do want it. The friends of liberty should be on the alert. A RECENT number of America has a cartoon entitled, " Worshiping the Golden Swine-furth." The central figure repre-sents Schweinfurth, the false Christ of Illinois, sitting upon a throne of money bags ; around his head is a halo of dollar marks, while a number of worshipers are making liberal additions to the golden throne. At the upper right-hand corner  of the picture, surrounded by clouds, is seen -a strong hand labeled, " Law," ex-tended toward the occupant-  of the throne, and underneath the whole are the words : " It is about time that the heavens open and put a stop to this blasphemy." The thought of the artist evidently was that the heavens are about to open in the form of ciil.law to put a stop to the blas-phemous claims of that arrant humbug, Schweinftirth ; or, possibly, that as the heavens have thus far failed in what the artist supposes to be their evident duty, the Legislature should do the work by enacting a law to forbid this form of blasphemy. What a grand thing it is, to be sure, to have people who feel competent to declare the duty of the heavens, and to supply any lack on their part in the way of maintain-ing the honor of Him who, before the advent of National Reform, ruled the heavens. Ł Special Notice. ALL persons sending money to this of-fice, for any purpose whatever, should send to Pacific Press Publishing Co, never to individuals, as business is thereby delayed and the liability to mistakes increased. Remittances should be by draft on NEW YORK, or by postal money orders. Small amounts can, however, be sent in postal-notes or postage stamps. We can not ac-cept private checks drawn on banks out-side of this city, for it costs us money and inconvenience to get them cashed. Hudson's Critical Greek and English Concordance of the New Testament. THIS standard work, prepared by Charles F. Hudson, revised and completed by Ezra Abbot, D. D. LL.D., of Harvard University, and published by H. L. Hast-ings, of Boston, has reached its seventh edition. This edition is a great improve-ment over the former editions, being pub-lished in connection with Green's Greek and English Lexicon to the New Testa-ment. The book itself is an invaluable aid to the Bible student, in that it does for the Greek text what Cruden's Concordance does for the English, and even more. Not only does -it give every reference where a given Greek word occurs, but it gives the English word by which it is rendered in each place. It is quite as valuable to the Greek scholar as to the one who possesses but little knowledge of the language. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY .TOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it. is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights.-  both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, 