Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.- dlomas VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MARCH 26, 1891. NUMBER 1 3 . The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS _PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. RELIGION is contented with the freedom and the power which it enjoys in its own sphere, and with the place which it oc-cupies. The empire of religion is never more surely' established than when it reigns in the hearts of men, unsupported by aught besides it native strength.ŠDe Tocqueville. Ł 4.  Ł  As, American citizens, we hold to the American doctrine that human govern-ment relates solely to external affairs, and does not roach, and is not intended to control, our spiritual relations. Civil gov-ernment covers the relations of citizens to each other; and to the State. Divine gov-ernment concerns our relationS, both indi-vidually and collectively, to the Supreme Being, and does not come under the con-trol of State enactments. The only office of civil government relating thereto is to "hold:its hands off." --Ł-Ł110-Ł  A WRITER in the Advance reports that the General Passenger Agent of an important rail-road running into St Louis, and a very good friend, fires at me spontaneously two letters which have just come to him in the regular course of -business, appending to them some plain-spoken comments. He says: "You,  often speak about Sunday trains. Here is the great Methodist Episcopal Church ap-plying' from two points on our line for Sunday excursion trains ; and they not only want to get the people to the Conference, but want to speculate on it, making something for the benefit of the churches. What can a soulless corporation do under the cir-cumstances ? " The enclosed letters are applications for trains to run to the annual Conference only on Sunday, and, as my correspondent says, are both manifestly inspired by the prospect of money-mak- ing, being full of questions as to the control of fares, right to pick up way passengers, etc. In response to .inquiry I learn that these applications are not unusual, but that some Methodist Conferences get such trains each year. Well, why should not every Methodist Conference get all of such trains that it can each year ? There is no harm in it, and there is no sin in it. That part of the matter is all right, only we wish the Meth-odist Conference would stop calling for laws to compel people to keep Sunday. If the Methodist Conferences would have such sermons preached all the time as we have heard from some of the Methodist ministers and bishops, we know that the people would_get a thousand times more good from the preaching, than they would get harm from the Sunday train that car-ries them to hear the preaching. Let all the Methodist Conferences join in this good work. Ł Ł The Grounds of Right. IN further notice of Mr. Bierbower's system of " Ethics for Schools," we are brought to the discussion of the grounds of morality or right. Last week we found that the only " reasons " which he gives for the virtues, are all summed up in the one word, " selfishness." So entirely is this so that unselfishness itself is by this system turned into selfishness; thus every virtue is transformed into a vice, because selfishness is the root of all vice and of all sin. Now in examining the grounds of morality or right which this author pro-pounds it is found that this also ends at the same place Š in supreme selfishness. Thus says the book :Š As to what constitutes right, thinkers differ: some maintaining it to be a course in harmony with the necessary order of things; others, the will of God, as revealed in Revelation or nature ; others, utility, happiness, or the general good of mankind. This question leads into speculative philosophy, which we shall not here enter. It is enough now to observe that, whatever men's opinions touching the ground of right, they all deem those things right which are thought best for men, and consider that morality which will bring them most happiness. They all deem those things right which  are " thought " best for them. Thought by whom ? Who is to do the thinking ? Men themselves of course. Well Ł then, if they themselves are to do the thinking, and by that decide what is best for men, then it follows that whatever men think best for themselves, that is right. This Ł is, in fact, the statement of the book. The very next paragraph after the one just quoted, begins with these words :Š Accordingly when people are asked to do right, they are asked to do simply what is best for them-selves. Now it is a fact that multitudes of men often do what they know to be wrong sim-ply because they do think it best for themselves. Yet, according to this sys-tem, whatever men may think best for themselves, that is right, and there is an end of it. In other words, that which a person knows to be wrong, becomes right if only he thinks it best for himself. And that is to be considered the ground of morality or right ! But it is written: " There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death." This latter quotation from his book sug-gests another thought ; it says, "When peo-ple are asked to do right," etc. This sug-gests that some people are not doing right, .and that they' are to be asked by others to do right. But the rule has been already established that men do right when they do that which they think to be best for themselves. Now when it is suggested that any one shall be asked to do right, it is thereby argued that somebody else has taken it upon himself to think and decide what is best for the other man; and to decide for the other man what is right. Thus one man's views of right are allowed to be the standard of action for another man, when that other has just as much right to think for himself as has anybody else on earth. In such a system of moral-ity as this propounded by Mr. Bierbower, there is no morality at all. It is either selfishness on one hand, or man-worship on the other, and in either case is only naturalism, 