270 ANICNIEtICAlc SIENTIPI VOL. 10, No. 34. On the contrary, they testified that Mr. Allison was a good man, and that there was nothing in the world against him. It is not every keeper of Sunday who could get as good a title as this from his neighbors. But it seems that some one learned that Mr. Allison did work-  on Sunday, collected evidence of that fact, and had him summoned into court for violation of the State law. In our opinion, this was a despicable action which should have been rebuked by the court by the complete acquittal of the defendant. But Mr. Allison was declared guilty, and the judge administered a sentence which in the default of the payment of money was of the most rigorous charaCter. The Judge dis-claimed.,religious persecution, but said that the laws of the State must be enforced. We wonder what this judge would do with a gang of lynchers or ballot-box stuffers. The best thing Georgia can do is to reform her Sunday laws and catch and convict her real criminals. The unchristian treatment of Mr. Allison deserves the contempt of man-kind. "Bigotry and Tyranny." [From the Echo, Broadway, Va., Aug. 2.] THE Adventists are good citizens and a religious people, observing what their con-sciences tell them to be right, and their belief is based upon the Bible as many another sect. They have as good a right to observe the day they set apart for their Sabbath and work on the day that other people take for religious worship, as these other denominations have for calling the first day of the week sabbath. It is belittling to religion to persecute these people; it breathes of the bigotry and tyranny of the ancients. As the United States is sup-posed to be a free country for religious worship of all creeds, we doubt the constitutionality of the law that imprisons these Seventh-day Ad-ventists for working on Sunday. "A Disgrace to Our Age." [From the Universalist Herald, Notasulga, Ala., August 1.] IT is a disgrace to our age and country that religious persecution is carried on in Tennes-see against the Seventh-day Adventists. These are good people, who hold that Saturday is the proper day to keep as the Sabbath, and not Sunday. Therefore they do on Sunday what they would on any other day,Škeeping Sat-urday as the Sabbath. For this some of them have been thrown into jail, where they now linger. The Constitution of the United States guarantees to every man religious lib-erty; therefore, to persecute these people be-cause they do not observe our sabbath, but Saturday, is grossly wrong and intolerant. The Adventists are said to be an orderly, Christian people, and to persecute them as indicated, is violative of the Christian spirit and the laws of our country. Let this foul blot on Tennessee be speedily wiped out. Should Se Promptly, Repealed. [From the Indicator, Pueblo, Col., July 271 IT seems impossible that in this day and age, just at the close of this enlightened cent-ury with the facts of a dark past to serve as beacon lights, that, religious persecution should be practiced in any part of the Union, and yet the information comes from Tennessee to the effect that eight Christian men have been imprisoned for working on Sunday. They are Adventists, or seventh-day observers, and  according to the teaching of their church, they worshiped on Saturday and labored on Sunday if they chose. Because these men worked on Sunday, therefore, they were arrested, tried, convicted and imprisoned. This was early in July, and the chances are that they are now doing service in the chain-gang like common culprits. It is no excuse to say that the laws of the State provide for such cases. Such a law is a libel on the fair name of Tennessee, and an outrage on our boasted freedom. There is no more room in this country for miserable religious persecution and intolerance, and all such laws in conflict with the spirit of the Constitution which guarantees the right of every citizen to wor-ship as his conscience directs, should be re-pealed promptly, and thus a disgrace wiped from the Statute books. Our Fundamental Law Violated. [From the Brown County Republican, Mt. Sterling, July 25.] THE fundamental law of this land guaran-tees to all the right to worship God according to the dictates 'of conscience, and the law of God sets aside the seventh day as a day of rest, in which no labor shall be done. The first day of the week is the man-made sabbath, and because these men persist in observing the law of God rather than the law of man, they are made to suffer persecution from alleged Christians who have no love of justice in their souls. It is not claimed that these men disturbed the peace of others or area menace to the safety of the State, but are persecuted simply through religious intolerance. The very men who are most active in this persecution raise no objection to founderies, mills, and railroads running on Sunday, nor in fact do they care for everything running wide open on that day unless the person engaged in this work is a Seventh-day Adventist. That makes all the difference, and the poor man who is observing the law of God is jerked up and heavily fined and forced upon the chain-gang. Every lover of justice should condemn this inhuman treat-ment of Christian citizens, and demand the repeal of all laws that dictate how or when one shall worship God. Liberty Only For the Majority. [From the Centralia (Wis.) Enterprise, July-  27.] FOR over a century Americans have been prating about liberty. Ever since that mem-orable Fourth of July, 1776, their one theme has been liberty. My country 'tie of thee, Sweet land of liberty, has been the burden of their song since then. Many Americans have prated about liberty so long and so incessantly, that their intelligence and their conscience have become ossified. Their notions about liberty are the narrow and perverted. Liberty to them means the liberty of the majority. July 3, on the eve of the nation's anniver-sary of independence, there were sentenced at Dayton, Rhea County, Tenn., eight innocent men to a ninety days' term in the county jail at hard labor. This means that they will be worked in the chain-gang along with felons of every shade and depth of crime. The Enter-prise said " innocent men." They were in-nocentŠinnocent of any wrong doing. But they did not agree with the majority. That was all the crime they were guilty of. The majority observed the first day of the week by  abstaining from work; these condemned men observed the seventh day. That was all. But the majority have enacted a law which makes it compulsory to observe the first day of the week. That is their idea of liberty. The minority, a handful of Seventh-day Ad-ventists, observed their Sabbath and went about their work the next day, the day set by the majority for abstaining from work. The work these men did was quiet, unobtrusive; yet the majority evidently thought their lib-erties and social good order endangered, and eight innocent men were sent to the chain-gang. This is an instance of American liberty of speech and conscience. This is American justice. JusticeŠwhat a stupid farce it becomes when an ignorant, fanatic majority can thus send unoffending men to the chain-gang for going about their work on Sunday. People guilty of enacting and enforcing such barbar-ous laws have no conception of true liberty. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN ILLINOIS. Summerdale, Ill., August 22, 1.895. C. P. BOLLMANŠDear Brother : In reply to your request of the 20th, would briefly say: I was arrested July 28 (Sunday) by a Roman Catholic police officer on complaint of a Mrs. Miller (a Congregationalist), who knew I was keeping the seventh-day Sabbath. I was taken in the police patrol wagon between two officers to two different police stations; and failing to give bonds, I was locked up with a criminal. The Sunday work for which I was arrested was some light carpenter work, with windows.and doors closed, so as not to disturb anyone. After some counsel with some of the brethren, I concluded to waive my examina-tion at the police court the following day and appear before the grand jury. My bond was fixed at $300. Our dear heavenly Father bestowed much of his grace and good Spirit upon me to freely speak and testify to the officers and prisoners out of my Bible which I carried with me. We have shared much Christian love and sympathy from our dear Sabbath-keeping brethren. I belong to no creed, but try to obey the Bible and do the will of my Heavenly Father. We have meeting privileges with Seventh-day Adventist brethren. What is in store for us when the case is to be tried next month we know not as yet. But even if the Lord permits that I should be thrown into prison, I know his sustaining grace and presence will be with me. It will probably be hardest for my dear wife and little ones. Faithfully your brother in Christ, 0. W. PEARSON. THE Knoxville Sentinel, in commenting upon the Tennessee prosecutions, while evi-dently seeking to do justice to the victims of the Sunday law, makes this statement :Š The Adventist who has observed the seventh day as the day of rest and has labored on the Christian sab-bath, has no right to complain because he is punished for his violation of the civil law if all other infringers are likewise punished. This view of the case is faulty. If the law is a just one, the Adventist has no right to complain if he is punished for violating it, whether other violators are punished or not, any morelthan the thief or murderer has , a right to complain if he is imprisoned, while others like himself roam at large. No man has a right to complain of justice. The injusticeŁ lies in the law itself. The 