260 TEIE, ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. which may be represented in those brancheS of the public service. If, then, Congress has in hand the problem of naming, in their order, all the points of the religious compass, and providing means by which each man in the employ of the Government may be enabled to face his own particular denominational altar, the sea of controversy upon which the ship of State is about to be launched, will be found to be the identical one de-scribed by Sinbad the Sailor, in which the mutual attraction of the lodestone islands will draw the ship apart, and distribute its wreck equally, to every false magnetic pole in this troubled sea of religious con-troversy. Such will be the result, if the ship of State voyages on such a sea, so manned and navigated, with a ship's compass ac-commodated to the magnetic pole, of every lodestone island in the theological chart. The Attributes of the State. THERE is considerable difference be-tween a nation and a State. A nation is an aggregation of people, who speak the same language, have the same character-istics, and follow the same customs. A State is a political organization of the in-habitants of a certain territory, formed by the people for their mutual proteCtion against violence and injustice. A whole nation may form a single State, but this is seldom the case, as is shown from the divided governments of the Spanish, French, German, English, and other na-tions. National lines are absolute, and are determined by the circumstances of birth and language. A State exists by the will of those who form it, and its limits are not confined to conditions of nature, such as those of birth and language, since the representatives of many nations may com-bine to form a State. A nation is the product of nature, while a State is an artificial arrangement to meet existing circumstances, and is therefore liable to change. A nation, in the state of nature, gives no security to the weak against violence and oppression from the strong. With-out a civil government, such as is afforded by the State, anarchy would always pre-vail, and thus, each would do as he pleased, without regard to the rights of others. Might would be right, and the strong would always prevail, to the in-jury of the weak. This has been abun- Ł dandy demonstrated in the history of aboriginal nations, from the remotest times. Civil government, then, is or should be, a government of the people, by the people, and for the people, to pro-tect the person and property of all alike; to compel all to satisfy their wants from the products of their industry, rather than by plunder, and to settle their differ-ences by arbitration, rather than by brute force, In other words, civil government is organized to do for the members of a community, either singly or collectively, what they are unable to do for themselves without the co-operation of public author-ity. While this leaves the great part of human affairs, as they should be in any free government, to individual enterprise, there are always public measures, such as negotiations with foreign powers, the raising and maintenance of military forces, and the collecting of taxes with which to provide for expenses for the public good, which must be left to the domain of governmental power, because if left to the people promiscuously; mis-understanding and confusion would ensue, which would at once destroy the peace of the community. The State cannot, however, do every-thing simply because it has = been thus clothed with power. The State owes all that it is to the people who have created it, and defined its powers. It may be in-deed that the powers of a State have not been limited at all by-the people who have created it. But there is a Power yet above both State and people, who has set a limit to the powers of the State. The God of heaven has separated, from any jurisdiction or cognizance of the State, the duties and obligations which men owe to him. Man did not need a civil gov-ernment to define moral duties, because such knowledge was, in his possession before the formation of the civil govern-ment. And if man had acted according to this knowledge, the necessity for civil government never would have existed. Yet when man departed from the right use of this knowledge, and thus made it necessary that civil government should exist, even then it was not necessary to have a State compact to enforce the authority of Heaven, by punishing in-fractions of the divine law; for the Author of that law proclaimed his own ability to administer his own government, and punish for the violation of his stat-utes. " To me belongeth vengeance and recompense. . . . The Lord shall judge his people." Deut. 32: 35, 36. The be-ings whom the State governs, are, there-fore, subject to a moral law which is higher than any human law. Then what is the necessity for a civil government ? Simply to regulate the civil relations of those who are citizens of the State, and by whose consent it governs. But the State being the creat-ure of the citizens, it has no right to com-mand them in matters which would con-travene the higher law to which they are amenable, since the Author of that law is above both the citizen and the State. In truth, the State can have - no more power over the things of the moral law, which emanates from Jehovah, than it has over physical laws, since both of these have the same origin, and are alike unchangeable. Some may object that this method of reasoning could not apply in countries where the patriarchal theory of govern-ment obtains. But that does not prove the reasoning incorrect. The rule fol-lowed in those countries where the oldest child is made a ruler of the nation, whether qualified or not, is absurd, and cannot be sustained either in reason or the Bible. Jacob was not the eldest son of Isaac, nor Judah of Jacob, nor David of Jesse, nor Solomon of David. Those passages in the New Testament, which describe government as an ordinance of God, and require subjection to it on that account, were written to a people who did not live under an hereditary government. The Roman emperors were magistrates supported by the army. None of them pre-tended to rule by right of birth. Nero, whom Paul exhorted the Christians in Rome to obey, was a usurper by the mur-derous intrigues of wicked and adulterous women. Tiberius also, whose authority Christ recognized by commanding that tribute should be given him, ruled by virtue of the will of Augustus, and the power of the army, " having crept darkly into it by the intrigues of a wife, and by adoption from a superannuated prince." English kings, too, have ruled in defi-ance of the patriarchal theory, as will be seen by the history of that nation during the reign Of Henry I., Stephen, John, Henry IV., Henry V., Henry VI., Rich-ard III., and others. Henry VIII., far from believing in the divine right of kings, obtained an act of Parliament giving him power to leave the crown by will, and took advantage of that power, to the prejudice of the royal family of Scotland. Edward VI. assumed a similar power, with the approbation of some of the most eminent reformers. Elizabeth induced Parliament to pass a law giving power to the reigning sover-eign, with the assent of the estates of the realm, to alter the _succession. These instances show conclusively, that none of those sovereigns mentioned, be-lieved in the hereditary rule in govern-ment. Sometimes, indeed, as in the case of James, who, though an heir of William the Conqueror, was excluded from the throne by the testament of Henry VIII., it was maintained that birth confers a right to the throne which it is impos-sible for law to set aside. But a re-publican form of government has al-ways been so obviously the best suited to man's civil necessities, that monarchies have been constantly yielding to its in-fluences, until many of them have become so limited that little besides the outward signs of royalty remains, and the will of the people predominates. J. 0. CORLISS. No civil government has any commis-sion to administer the divine law. 