THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 711 progress mentioned by Mgr. Satolli in, his letter to the New York World in March, 1895, following closely upon the publication of the encyclical" to the Americans." At the close of a review of the career of Leo XIII. he said: "During the seventeen years of his rule nothing has been more remarkable than the incessant growth of his benignant moral,  influence. To-day his words are listened to with deference by every court, every government, every people. On every question touch-ing universal human interests his counsel is sought eagerly and welcomed gratefully. Despite, then, all the adverse trend of mundane circumstances, despite the loss of the external symbols of its high authority, the Papacy has gained in power and splendor since the accession of the present glorious pontiff. As Macaulay says in one of his most noble essays: ' The Papacy remains, not in decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigor.'" The fact that the encyclical of Leo was received with scarcely a protest in this country demonstrates that the language of Satolli is too well-founded in actual conditions. When the American people listen with deferenceŠas they have listenedŠto such'a document as that sent them by Leo in 1895, an evil day has come for human liberty and " the grand march of progress." The American people should be the first to protest against such assump-tions and encroachments upon the principles for which their nation has stood sponsor. But it appears now that they will realize only when it is too late to escape- the snare, the meaning and purpose of the policy of Rome which is given with such Jesuitical adroitness in Leo's encyclical "to the Americans." And now, in conclusion, the writer will say,-as when he began, that he has had no desire to attack Catholic individuals from the Pope to the humblest peasant who contributes his "- Peter's pence." The Pope is but an old man, not more dangerous or more cruel by nature than other men, and is soon to pass from the pontifiical chair to the grave. The people of the Catholic communion are, as Mr. Malone says, much like other people; and they, too, come and go. But" the Papacy remains not- in decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigor," and al-ways the same in her principles and policies; and it is with the Papacy that the writer has tried to deal. JOHN D. BRADLEY. GOVERNMENT can not make-right wrong nor wrong A TALE OF TWO- NATIONS. The Fathers: The Consent of the Governed, and the II Party Spirit" (Concluded.) GEORGE WASHINGTON was followed by John Adams, who, in one terse paragraph, set forth his mind on the menace of political parties: " In the midst of these pleasing ideas we should be unfaithful to ourselves if we should ever lose sight of the danger to our liberties, if anything par-tial or extraneous should infect the purity of our free, fair, virtuous, and independent elections. If an elec-tion is to be determined by a majority of a single vote, and that can be procured by a Party through artifice or corruption, the Government may be the choice of a party for its own ends, not of the nation for the national good. If that solitary suffrage can be obtained by foreign nations by flattery or menaces, by fraud or violence, by terror, intrigue, or venality, the Govern-ment may not be the choice of the American people, but of foreign nations. It may be foreign nations who govern us, and not we, the people, who govern ourselves; and candid men will acknowledge that in such cases choice would have little advantage to boast of over lot or chance."ŠInaugural of John Adams, Philadelpiha, Pa., March 4, 1797. The manly honesty of the foregoing citations is touching in its simplicity. They breathe lOfty ideals for the new-born Republic. Instinctively our better natures turn to them as we whisper a prayer over our present lot, and sorrow that the wishes of the Fathers have not' been realized in their sons. We think of the picture of things as Washington and Adams hoped they would be, and contrast it with events as they now are. We hear on every side the jangle of cheap political talk. We see- the " spirit of revenge " natural " to party dissension." Once again it perpetrates "the most horrid enormi-ties," and is itself a" frightful despotism." And we know only too well that all of this will lead at length " to a more formal and permanent despotism." The result can only be as it has been so many times before, that men will "seek security and repose in the absolute power -of an individ-ual." Then the last sad act in the failure of self-government will be enacted: " The chief of some prevailing faction, more able or fortunate than -his,  competitors, will turn this disposition to the-pur-poses of his own elevation ON THE RUINS OF PUBLIC LIBERTY." And the fire of "party spirit,' instead of "warming," will indeed "consume." 