AMERICAN SENTINEL. 309 istracy does not defend the souls, but the body, and bodily things, against manifest injuries, and coerces men by the sword and corporal punishment, that it may up-hold civil justice and peace. .Wherefore the ecclesiastical and the civil power are not to be confounded." Thus they laid down the principle that church and state should forever remain separate, and all true Prot-estants will do even as they have done. One more quotation will be in place:Š "Governments derive their just powers from the con-sent of the governed, and never of right exercise any power not delegated by the governed. Now religion, pertaining solely to man's relationship to God, the duty which man owes to his Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, in the nature of things, can never be dele-gated to another. It is utterly impossible for any per-son ever, in any degree, to transfer to another any of his relationship to God, or any duty which he owes to his Creator, or the manner of discharging `that duty. Man's relationship to God originates not with himself, but with the Lord; it springs not from himself, but from the Lord. The duty which man owes to his Creator, and the manner of discharging it, spring not frOna himself, but from the Lord. These are not dictated nor defined by himself, but wholly by God. Here man is subject, not sovereign. None of these things springing from him-self, but all from the Lord, none of them could he dele-gated if he would. Even to attempt it would be only to deny God and renounce religion, and even then the thing would not be doneŠhis relationship to God, the duty which he owes to his Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, would remain as firmly fixed and as bind-ing upon himself as ever."ŠUnion of Church and State, p. 6. It is thus clear that religion is a matter of con-science, and no man in his right senses should presume to judge the motives of another, since all acknowledge that motives can be judged by God alone. Hence reli-gion being a part and parcel of conscience, when any earthly legislature dares to legislate upon matters of re-ligion, must it not be guilty of stealing the prerogative of God, by seating itself in the divine tribunal, to judge that which lies beyond its power, and to legislate upon that which is far above its authority? We know God cannot brook such an insult to his dignity, and when the final tribunal shall be summoned, then those who have here injured in the least the weakest of God's chil-dren, by trampling under foot the rights bestowed upon them by a benignant Father, shall hear an awful voice proceed from the judicial bench, "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these little ones, ye have done it unto me." Argentine Republic. THE gospel never brings an individual into physical, mental, or moral bondage. Its purpose is to set free, not to bind. When man- puts his fellowman in bonds professedly in the name of Christianity, his profession is proved to be a fraud. The Town of Bondage.ŠNo. 3. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. (Concluded.) "Now WILL you be one with us?" said my guide. "You see what feasts we have. Such fare as this should suit an epicure. Will you come in and feast?" "Never, by heaven's love. I will go hence, aye, and take captives with me." "Not so," said he, beckoning the crowd around me. I sraightway drew my sword of Liberty, my bright cre-dential, and my safeguard hence, and sprang away. I ran through Bondage Town, singing of liberty. So strange the sound was, that the captives came breath-less, and crowded round, they looked from prison win-dows, and from tombs and bonds. I tore the chain away that bound the Book; I read, "GOD Is LOVE," and the echoes rose and rose from startled voices. I felt the the angel guards on every hand. I readŠ "Is this the faSt that I have chosen? "A day for a man to afflict his soul? "Is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, "And to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? "Wilt thou call this a fast, "And an acceptable day to the Lord? "Is not this the fast that I have chosen? "To loose the bands of wickedness, "To undo the heavy burdens? "And to let the oppressed go free? "And that ye break every yoke? "Then shalt thou call, and the Lord shall answer; "Thou shalt cry, and he shall say, Here I am. "If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke, "The putting forth of the finger, and the speak- ing vanity; "And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, "And satisfy the afflicted soul; "Then shall thy darkness be as the noonday." "The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me "Because he hath anointed me "To preach good tidings unto the meek; "He hath sent me to bind up the broken-hearted, "To proclaim liberty to the captives, "And the opening of the prison to them that are bound. "To comfort all that mourn; "To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, "To give them beauty for ashes, "The oil of joy for mourning, "The garment of praise for the spirit of heavi- ness." The poor captives gathered thickly as they heard these gracious words, and I heard celestial voices saying, "Loose them, and let them go," and chains fell off, and fetters broke, and the binding grave-clothes rent and men went free. I saw a gracious Presence in our midst. 