200 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Notes of the Week. BY JAS. T. RINGGOLD. PROF. HUXLEY, in his address at the opening of the Johns Hopkins University some years ago, paraphrased the language of one greater than himself when he ob-served, "It is undoubtedly true that man shall not live by bread alone, but by ideas." It is equally true that by ideas shall man also perish. The right ideaŠthe words that proceeded out of the mouth of the Son of manŠis the salvation of the race; the wrong idea, the disregard of Him and of His` teachings, is our damnation here and hereafter. Now, words are nothing in them-selves. Their only value is as a means of expressing and implying ideas, and if, through implication, the lang-uage used by an individual suggests a wrong idea to others, it is no reason for passing it without comment, that the person himself might hesitate to put the idea more explicitly. HERE is Mr. McKinley, for instance, in his inaugural address, solemnly pledging himself to keep his "oath of office" in language which, by very strong implication, refers his official responsibility as President of the United States to Deity, instead of to the American people, who elected him to that exalted position. This is very objec-tionable. It is the old idea of "divine right." Kings and queens and emperors rule "by the grace of God," or, at any rate, claim that they do so in their public acts and on their coins. But the President of the United States rules by the grace of the people thereof. Mr. McKinley ought to know that his inaugural oath adds nothing whatever to the obligation which he owes to the citizens, which is that he shall faithfully execute the laws of their making. He ought to know that his punishment for malfeasance or misfeasance, if he should do anything to deserve it, will be meted out to him without the slightest reference to the question of whether or not such an oath was taken by him. He ought to know that the pledge of his address should be addressed to the people who made the President, and not to Deity, who made the man. But never was a greater blunder made than that of, the poet when he said :Š " Truth crushed to earth shall rise again. The eternal years of God are hers; But error, wounded, writhes in pain, And dies amidst her worshipers." In good growth, the vitality of error, its ability to stand what are apparently deadly wounds over and over again, is one of its most remarkable and discouraging charac-teristics. That old love of the union of Church and State, that old notion' of something sacred about government Šas purely a human institution or machine as a locomo-tiveŠrepudiated and.  denounced by the Master nearly two thousand years ago, still lurks in men's minds, and ever and anon it finds vent in action or utterance. Mr. McKinley talks of himself as if he were a specially ap-pointed agent of the Creator, filling the Presidency as His representative; and the fiery young Emperor of Ger-many talks in the same way publicly about himself as ruler of the Fatherlands. IN a neighboring city not long ago, a case arose which strikingly illustrated the inevitable unfairness and injustice of State recognition of religion. In some of the States the appropriation of public money by the legisla-ture or a municipality for the support of sectarian insti-tutions is strictly prohibited by the constitution. But this occurrence happened in a State not blessed with such protection for its people. A little Jewish girl was ar-rested for peddling, and committed to the custody of a corporation whose affairs are conducted by the partisans of a certain form of Protestant faith. though it is pro-fessedly "non-sectarian." Habeas corpus proceedings were taken to get the child before a court. The tes-timony of the "matron" was the feature of the case which is pertinent here. This good lady averred in the most positive manner, again and again, that there was nothing "sectarian" about the institution with which she was connected. It came out, however, on cross-examina-tion, that "prayers" were "held" therein every morning under the auspices and direction of a minister of a par-' ticu lax denomination of Christians ; that daily instruc-tion was given in the tenets of the same denomination; that "services" were conducted by ministers of the same every Sunday; that attendance at prayers, and instruc-tions, and at Sunday worship was compulsory upon all inmates of the "Home;" that a Hebrew rabbi had cer-tainly called there some years ago, but none other before or since that solitary visitor appeared had been seen within the building; that the witness "rather thought" a. Catholic priest had been in her parlor on one occasion, though when this happened, or what he was doing there, she could not, for the life of her, remember; and finally, that the young girl in the case had been taken in hand as soon as she arrived, and the work of weaning her away from the religion of her fathers and making a proselyte of her had been begun at once. THE rank injustice of all this, in view of the fact that the city in which the evidence was brought out as above stated, annually appropriates a large aim of money to the institution where the girl was housed, and that a very considerable portion of this money comes directly out of the pockets of thousands of Hebrew taxpayers who are among the worthiest of the inhabitantsŠthe cruel wrong of this whole proceeding needs no elucida-tion. There are no people in the world, professedly reli-gious;  who care less about proselyting than the Hebrews. On the other hand there are certainly none who are more tenacious of their own faith or more earnestly de-sirous that their children should aŁsk for the old paths of 