"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." AMERICAN SENTINEL. 485 from the immediate execution of the penalty for sin that he may have time to repent and accept the substituted sacrifice of Jesus Christ. Enforcement of the law of God by a human government would be a proceeding diamet-rically opposed to the gospel. Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them; for this is the law and the prophets.ŠJesus Christ. Not More Law, But More Liberty. "MORE law, more law," is the cry that comes from the conventions of the religious societies of the land, as they consider the threatening evils in civil government and in society. Prominent among the things that ap- Ł pear most evil in their sight is the growing desecration of Sunday. This impresses them deeply, and they give expression to their feelings on the subject by resolutions calling for more stringent Sunday legislation. All this they do as professors of the Christian relig-ion. They do it in the name of Jesus Christ. But is this what Jesus would have them do? Is this the fulfilling of the mission of Christ to the earth? This is a vital ques-tion, and should be carefully considered by Christians before taking such action as has been taken by these societies. Did Jesus Christ come to the world to condemn the world, or to add condemnation to that already upon the world?ŠNo; he expressly declared that he came not to condemn the world, but to save the world. ,The world is condemned already; it is overwhelmingly con-demned by its sin, and unless it can escape from the condemnation, it must perish. The mission of Christ was to provide this way of escape from condemnation, and the mission of Christians is to point the people to this way of escape. The law of God condemns the World. Every law condemns the transgressor; and that is all it can do for him. The more law, therefore, the more condemnation. The people of the world are already overwhelmingly condemned by their sin, and now professed Christians want to heap upon all this the condemnation of new laws for observance of the Sab-bath. They want new and more stringent legislation, to make the world better! But legislation has no power to save, but only to condemn. Jesus Christ came to save the world, but made no effort to se-cure legislation. He did however give a "new commandment," and what was it?Š"A new command-ment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one an-other." John 13:34. This is the only new law that can properly be advocated in the name of Christ. In the synagogue at Nazar-eth Jesus Christ announced his mission to the world in these words: "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me; because he bath anoint-ed me to preach the gospel to the poor, he hath sent me to heal the broken-hearted, to preach de-liverance to the captives, and the recovering of sight to the blind; to set at liberty them that are bruised." The gospel mes-sage is a message not of repression, but of liberty. This and this only is the message of Christians to the world to-day. "And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he steadfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem, and sent messengers before his face; and they went, and entered into a village of the Samari-tans, to make ready for him. And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem. And when his disciples James and John 