MARCH 2, 1893. .A.101lb.1.1-LI CA iNT SEaNivriNE.11,. 71 the stranger, fatherless, and widow: and all the people shall say, Amen. Deut. 27: 19. " For if ye thoroughly amend your ways and your doings; if ye thoroughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbor; " If ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt; "Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever. Jer. 7: 5-7. "When the ear heard me, then it blessed me; and when the eye saw me it gave witness to me: "Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless and him that had none to help him. " The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. Job. 24: 11-13. " Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow. Isa. 1 : 17. "Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world. James 1-27." Mr. Chairman, if the Democratic party will not respect anything else I hope they still have some respect for the Bible. [Laughter.] MR. HOAR. It is said that the devil sometimes quotes scripture for his own purposes. [Laughter.] MR. MUTCHLER. I ask for a vote. The same Record contains two columns and a half of petitions for the repeal of legislation closing the World's Fair on Sunday and three petitions asking that it be not repealed. Why Seventh-day Adventist's Protest. IT is sometimes said that Seventh-day Adventists protest as they do against Sunday laws and religious legislation (1) because they do not believe that Sunday is the true Sabbath; and (2) because they suffer prosecution under Sunday laws. As to the first reason we wish emphat-ically to say that we would oppose just as strenuously a law for the " support," " promotion,' or " protection" of the sev-enth day as for Sunday. In the first place, civil governments have no right to legislate on religious questions, dogmas, or institutions; and in the second place, God does not need the assistance of civil government to compel observance of his laws. The only acceptable observance of such laws is in faith and love, and law can not compel love; it only develops hypocrisy. God will care for his own. As to the second reason, Seventh-day Adventists do not oppose Sunday laws be-cause they are afraid of being persecuted. They do so because God has bidden those who are bearing " the everlasting gospel " to the world (no matter who they are), to protest against the worship of the beast or his image, or the reception of the mark of the beast. See Rev. 14 : 6-12. They can not do otherwise if they are faithful to God. Their natural inclinations would lead them to agree with the majority; their loyalty to God places them on the side of his gospel, his word. As for per-secution, they know it is coming, " know it as God's prophets know; " years ago they knew it. They know it better than the prophet, because what he saw in vision they see in fact in the light of the increase of knowl-edge promised in the word of God. See Dan. 12:4, 9, 10. What we knew by faith years ago, we now see in fact, while faith takes larger strides for the future before. We know persecution is coming. We do not invite it; we, in the weakness of the flesh, would fear because of it: but in the strength of Christ we are willing to meet it, bearing faithful warning against the mystery of iniquity now fast creeping in to nullify if possible the mystery of God.  Yes, we know that it will come, but we are assured in the same word by which we are assured of the coming tribulation, that those who keep the word of Christ's patience, he will keep in the hour of temp-tation, which is coming on all the world to try them that dwell on all the face of the earth. Rev. 3 : 10. May God pity and save those who are blindly opposing themselves against the truth, and may he help his people to re-veal Christ and his power to those who are longing for light and power in the darkness and weakness of sin.ŠSigns of the Times. Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pen " I find the most satisfactory pen of its kind," says Chauncey M. Depew, President of the New York Central R.R., and thousands of others are ready to bear a similar testimony. This pen is simple and yet highly philosophi-cal in its construction. It rarely gets out of order and seldom needs repairs. The pen-points are fine, medium or coarse, and of all grades of flexibility from soft to very stiff. Any hand can be suited. A full guarantee goes with each and every pen. The cut shows a No. 4 pen (gentleman's size) reduced about one half in size. No. 1, $2.50 No. 4, $4.00 " 2, 3.00 " 5, 5.00 " 3, 3.50 " 6, 6.00 Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STS.,a BOND Sr., OAKLAND, CAL. I Nuw YORK. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" ICA, ,43,1 "D" Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys- peptics   " " .....10c "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " " .....10c "Er ,, ,, ,‚ not sweetened  " " .....10c Whole Wheat Crackers,  46 ii ...AOC White very palatable,  :: .. .....10c Carbon 46 46  .....15c Gluten  46 46  .....30c Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk,  " " ...Mc.. (The same as formerly advertized under the name " Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk' ....per lb ......40c Wheat " ‚. 64 46 44  .....200 Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and dealers wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing how many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The price per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of come fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereaa is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use TEN LECTURES ON NASAL CATARRH; Its Nature, Causes, Prevention, and Cure, and Diseases of the Throat, Eye, and Ear, due to Nasal Catarrh; with a chapter of CHOICE PRESCRIPTIONS, BY J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Medical Superintendent of the Largest Medical and Surgical Sanitarium in the World. The work consists of 120 pages, and is embell-ished with a colored frontispiece and six beauti-fully colored plates, besides many illustrative cuts of the throat and nasal cavity in health, and disease. This little work costs only 75 cents, bound in cloth, and is in great demand. CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION In English, German, Danish, and Swedish. BY. A. T. JONES. Scriptural, Logical, Plain, and Forcible. THIS IMPORTANT WORE SHOWS CLEARLY THE RELATION THAT SHOULD EXIST BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE AT THE PRESENT TIME, AS PROVEN BY THE BIBLE, AND THE HISTORY OF THE PAST TWENTY-FIVE CENTURIES. CIVIL GOVERNMENTAND RELIGION Is a Pamphlet of 1 8 2 Large Octavo Pages, in English, Price, 25 cents; and in German. Danish, and Swedish, over 200 pages, Price, 35 cents, (Illustrated). THOUSANDS OF COPIES Should be placed in the hands of thinking people at once. It clearly defines what position American citizens should sustain toward the efforts now on foot to secure Religious Legislation. Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co. 43 Bond Street, New York. Or, Oakland, Cal. both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable article in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. HRIAH SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HoN. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, H. D. Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. The " whole wheat flour, " .... :: :: . 15e Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits,  " Ł Ł .. " "  ....12c Graham .....12c Oat Meal 64 44 " " .....12c Graham Crackers slightly sweetened " " .....10c  not sweetened..... " " .....10c HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKMIY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 