56 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 7. 'r An2eFical2 3m2tNel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 6, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL.comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school supported en-tirely by private contribution. Keep the Church and State forever separate.ŠGeneral Grant, in Des Moines Speech. ALTHOUGH all the churches and all the tem-perance societies, and all the labor organizations in the country, have been represented twice as petitioning Congress for the passage of the Sun-day-Rest bill, petitions from the same parties still come in. It is strange how the members of these organizations, multiply. PITT down a long mark to the credit of Arkan-sas. Its Legislature has passed a memorial to Congress, asking the defeat of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill. The memorial was passed by a large majority in both Houses. We are glad that Ar-kansas has done this much toward redeeming herself from the disgrace of her Sunday law of a few years ago. THE Catholic Mirror announces that "His Eminence Cardinal Gibbons ha been invited to address the convention of the National Teachers' Association, at Nashville, Tenn." How fitting that the representatives of the public schools of America should be addressed by the repre-sentative of that power which is doing its utmost to overthrow them ! WILL our friends, when they send us clippings from local papers, always be careful .to give the name of the paper, the place where it is published, and the exact date of the issue containing the item? Without these facts, an item that is really valuable often becomes of no use to us. We must be able to give our authority for every statement that we publish. The best way would be to send the entire paper, and' then there can be no mistake. IN his famous Gettysburg speech, Lincoln gave in one pithy sentence the genius of American Government, describing it as a Government of the people, by the people, and for the people." This sums up the whole matter. Government is for the protection of the people, not for the pro-tection of days. Here is the fatal sophistry of National Reformers; they say that the Govern-ment must protect the people in their right to rest on Sunday, and then they assume that this can be done only by Sunday laws; but in that they dodge the point. Government must indeed protect the people in their right to rest on Sun-day; but since the Government is for the people, and not for any special class of the people, it must equally protect the people in their right not to rest on Sunday. To say that the State must enforce Sunday observance, because a portion of the citizens observe that day, is either to assume that that portion constitutes the people, or else to deny that government is properly for the people. ON Friday, the 8th of February, Senator Turpie presented in the Senate the petition of Norman Beckley, of Elkhart, Indiana, general manager of the Cincinnati, Wabash, and Michi-gan Railway Company, praying for the passage of a Sunday-Rest bill. Mr. Beckley is no doubt a conscientious Sunday keeper, and so he wants Congress to pass a law compelling him to stop his work on Sunday, "in accordance with the dictates of his conscience," as the good women of the California W. C. T. U. put it. WE are constantly in receipt of letters from friends in different parts of the country, some of whom are personally known to us, and others not, expressing their appreciation of the -work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and giving us words of encouragement. Often these letters contain items from local papers, in relation to the great issue now before the people. It is impossible for us to send a personal answer to all these letters, but we desire to say to our friends that their words of encouragement are highly appreciated, and that they give us strength for 'the work. It probably took but a few minutes of your time to write those words, but they are long remembered at this end of the line. Ł 10 THE following memorial was introduced into the Colorado Assembly on the last day of Janu-ary, and was referred to a committee which is said to favor it:Š To the Honorable, The Senate and House of Representatives of the United State*, in Con-gress assembled: Your memorialists, the General Assembly of the State of Colorado, would respectfully represent; WHEREAS, We heartily indorse the total separa-tion of Religion and State, established by our fathers and guaranteed by our National Constitu-tion as it now is; and, WHEREAS, In our estimation, the Blair Sunday-Rest bill and the Blair Educational Amendment are subversive of religious liberty and tend toward a union of Religion and State, Therefore, Your memorialists respectfully pray your honorable bodies not to pass any bill in re-gard to the observance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, or any other religious or ecclesiastical institu-tion or rite; nor to favor in any way the adoption of any resolution for the amendment of the Na-tional Constitution that would in any way give preference to the principles of any one religion above another, or that will in any way sanction legislation upon the subject of religion; but that the total separation between Religion and the State, assured by our Constitution as it now is, may forever remain as our fathers established it. -A5  Protecting Society. THE idea which Sunday-law zealots have of protecting society, may be learned from the fol-lowing, which appears in the Pearl of Days, un-der the heading, "The Arm of Law: "Š "It is the habit in some places to depreciate Sunday law. But so long as the spirit of lawless-ness exists society will need this shield. There is a commendable vigor in the recent action of the civil authorities in Philadelphia, which may well be adopted elsewhere. James Higgins and Charles Beig were convicted in Judge Gordon's court of selling liquor at No. 606 South Fourth Street, with-out a license, and selling liquor on Sunday. Hig-gins will have to serve two years and ninety days' imprisonment and pay $1,500 fine, and Beig will give one year and ninety days' service to the city and pay $1,000 fine. According to the evidence of the police, No. 606 South Fourth Street has for a long time been known as Higgins's Dive,' and has been a resort for thieves and people of the worst  character. During the trial the fact was disclosed that one of the prisoners had made his place the rendezvous for political bummers, and that fourteen illegal voters were registered from the three rooms that comprised his headquarters." And this is called protection to society! We are amazed beyond measure at the blindness of men who can deliberately write such stuff, and congratulate themselves that society is being ele-vated by such things. Just think of it! Here is a place long known as "Higgins's Dive," which has been a resort for thieves and people of the worst sort, but no effort is made towards closing up the vile den until it is found that the disrep-utable owners have committed the unpardonable double offense of selling liquor without a license, and on Sunday, too ! And then society must be protected. We have no patience with such shallow preten-sions of reform. These sham reformers who work so zealously for a Sunday law can sit calmly by and see thieves and prostitutes congregate night after night in the lowest dives, but as soon as the same thing is done on Sunday their indignation is aroused. The above from the Pearl of Days is only another instance of the premium which Sun-day laws put upon crime. The Pearl of Days, let it be remembered, is the official organ of the so-called "American Sabbath Union." January Sentinels. THERE have been so many calls for Nos. 1 and 2, January, 1889, AMERICAN SENTINELS that we have reprinted those numbers and can now fill orders .for the same. Price, $1.50 per 100, or $12 per 1,000 copies. Five Hundred New Agents ARE now at work canvassing for the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL, and we want five hundred more at once. Send for circulars, terms to agents, etc. OUTe GENERAL AGENTS. IN THE Eastern, Southern, and Middle States. MaineŠM. Russell, 110 State Street, Bangor, Me. VermontŠL. A. Stone, 409 South Union Street, Burlington, Vt. Other New England StatesŠE. T. Palmer, South Lancaster, Mass. New York City and BrooklynŠT. A. Kilgore, No. 43 Bond Street, New York. New York StateŠJ. V. Willson, 317 West Bloomfield Street, Rome, N. Y. PennsylvaniaŠPennsylvania Tract Society, L. C. Chadwick, Sec-retary, box 2716, Williamsport, Penn. Southern StatesŠAll that territory lying south of Pennsylvania and the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River; M. L. Huntley, Secretary International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. TexasŠT. T. Stevenson, Denton, Texas. LouisianaŠA. P. Harrison, 633 Western Avenue, Shreveport, La. ArkansasŠW. O. Smith, lock box 249, Little Rock, Ark. IllinoisŠIllinois Tract Society, 28 College Place, Chicago, Ill. IndianaŠJ. W. Moore, Secretary Indiana Tract Society, 175 Cen-tral Avenue, Indianapolis, Ind, OhioŠL. T. Dysert,- Secretary Ohio Tract Society, 440 Floyd Street, Toledo, Ohio. AGENTS wanted to canvass for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, to whom liberal Cash commissions will be paid. Apply to either of the above general agencies, or address this office, for circulars, terms to agents, etc. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anyth ing tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or ill fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 