AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 725 have only a like result; for whatever denomination it may be, the principle of the proceeding is the same; and the nature of an act is determined not by the name given it, but by the principle it embodies. An act may thus be Protestant in name, but papal in principle; and there are Protestant churches, which, from having gone into politics, have become papal in everything but name. From the experience of Mexico the lesson may and should be learned that when the clergy go into politics, there is no free progress and prosperity for the state until, after a terrible struggle, the clergy are put out of politics and measures are taken to keep them out. Let no one imagine that any good can come to this country from participation in its politics by any church, of any name or profession whatsoever. Two Methods of Civilizing the Heathen. IN the Philippine Islands, the military forces of the United States, are enforcing submission of the people to the authority of this Government, for the avowed pur-pose of uplifting the people from barbarism and confer-ring on them the blessings of civilization. In the process it has been found necessary to put down by force of arms a strong resistance by the natives to American domina-tion, and the results up to date are that a large section of the principal island has been devastated by war, thousands of the natives have been killed or wounded, and the lives of hundreds of American soldiers have like-wise been sacrificed. What the future may bring of further sacrifice of life in securing the enforcement of American authority there, no one can say; but it is certain that the bitter hatred of their conquerors engendered in the minds of the natives, is a resultthat will endure for years to come. This is one method that is being employed to up-lift and bless, in the name of Christian civilization, the heathen of the Pacifiic Isles. Happily, it is not the only one. There is another and radically different method that is being employed in other islands of that region, and to call attention to this, in contrast with what is being done in the Philippines, is our purpose here. This other method and its results are described in the following by the Rev. Francis M. Price, on "Mission Work and Oppor-tunities in the Pacific Islands," eontribufed-by him to The Independent :Š " In 1852 the good ship ' Caroline ' carried the first missionaries into the remote islands of Micronesia. Now, after 47 years, what do we find as a result of the missionary invasion of this island world ? "1. Sixty distinctively religious communities have been established. Each mission station was from the first, a center of evangelistic and educational work. The choicest young people were gathered into schools, and trained for Christian service. They were also taugh to  cut and make clothes, to handle implements and tools and to build churches and dwelling houses. The spirit-ual life was made especially intense. Victory over or-dinary temptations and besetting sins received merited approval. Young people, imbued with the spirit and purpose of their teachers, went forth to teach in other communities. " Their success has been marvelous. Wars and fight-ing have ceased, the people now engage in the quiet pursuits of peace and enact over again the life and work of the Mission Station. They build churches, and make them the centers of their political, social and religious life; they flock to the schools and learn to read and write and other useful things; they settle disputes in council and unite in marriage according to law ; they begin and close the day with public worship in the church, singing simple hymns and listening to the reading of the Word and prayer, and they maintain the family altar and make it the center of their home life. "2. Christianity has wrought a striking change in the lives of the people. `Old things are passed away ; all things are become new. They have cast off the heath-en dress and ornaments, cut their hair, washed them-selves and put on the dress of civilization. The latter is their badge of Christianity. . . . "The face, too, is changed. The weak, coarse, list-less, and, in repose, hopeless look disappears when once the Master begins to write his name in their foreheads. " The arts of civilization are coming in apace. Schooners which once carried tobacco, beads and trink-ets for barter now take cargoes of prints, denims, sewing machines, useful implements and tools and sandal-wood boxes. Hats are manufactured, wooden floors put in houses, and stone churches are erected. "3 Christianity has created a new public sentiment and new ideals. The popular man from,  being the most cruel and heartless has come to be the one who can bests answer questions in the church services and lives the most consistent life. "The last case of polygamy disappeared from one island two years ago because the parties could not resist the tide of popular opinion. Public sentiment believes in the Christian home and seeks to protect it. The chief men of a large island recently discussed in a council how they might best restrain offenders against the marriage vow and the rights of private property. "Parents now want their children to be in school and take a pardonable pride in their attainments ; pupils vie with each other in generous rivalry for the first place in their classes; and the brightest and most diligent boy in school is the favorite. Moreover Christian character is now the ideal character, and Christian virtues receive the highest praise. A few months ago word reached our people in Ruk that William, a faithful Ponape teaCher, had been arrested, and that Henry Nanepei, a Christian chief, had stood by him during his trial at the risk of life and property, and secured his release This deed of heroism was greatly admired; young men spoke enthus-iastically the noble conduct of this Christian chief. "Never had a man a sweeter faceŠa more gentle and lovable characterŠthan Moses, a Ponape Christian. In Ruk, where he has been a teacher on one of the largest islands for twenty years, he is the confidential adviser of chiefs, both heathen and Christian, and exerts a wide in-fluence over all classes. 