112 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 16, 1899. THE real object of all Sunday leg-islation is the exaltation of Sunday. THE Filipinos may well be suspi-cious of a sovereignty bought for them of Spain for $20,000,000, by a foreign power thousands of miles from their homes. IT is only Rome and Romish sen-timent that is behind the cry that the Filipinos cannot govern them-selves as well as they were governed by Spain and the papacy. WE print some rather lengthy ar-ticles in this issue, but they are good. Read them and judge for yourself whether they are not good enough to appear in any paper published. Do NOT overlook the legal argu-ment presented in this issue of the SENTINEL, by Judge Moore, of the Michigan Superior Court, on the sub-ject of Christianity as a part of the common law. See page 99. THE army canteen has been abol-ished by authority of the Govern-ment. This act will no doubt do something to lessen the contrast be-tween the principles of Christianity and the practice of soldiers of a "Christian nation." THE organ of the party who want God put into the Constitution, ex-presses such disappointment because no "suitable acknowledgment" of God was put into the treaty lately concluded by the United States with Spain. The commissioners were re-quested by letter to frame the treaty Ł in harmony with the ideas of the church-and-state party, and it was hoped thereby to pave the way for a similar acknowledgment in the Con- stitution. This "religious reform" party are untiring in their efforts to enforce their ideas of Christianity by the machinery of the, law, and never were they molding public sentiment so rapidly to the belief that religious legislation is proper and necessary, as just now. IN Omaha, Nebr., a Sunday-closing movement is in progress which re-ceives the "moral support" of the saloons, and all the other support the saloons can give it. See page 105. And the saloon generally knows in what procession it belongs. 4 Tai action of the Filipinos in con-tinuing to fight the United States forces after the ratification of the treaty with Spain, and in the face of a crushing blow already received from those forces, exposes the hypoc-risy of the imperialist claim that the cause of the hostilities was the delay in ratifying the treaty. THE grand jury of Hall County, Georgia, have framed an indictment against a young man named Walters, an observer of the Seventh-day Sab-bath, for having done work on Sun-day, which the indictment calls the "Lord's day." We are informed that the case will probably be tried at the May term of court. IT is proposed in Akron, Ohio, to close all the saloons of that place for two years, and this by the liquor dealers themselves, as a heroic meas-ure to convince the ministers and other crusaders that the saloons are a necessity to the city. The National Liquor League proposes to buy all the saloons in Akron and pay to the proprietors, in addition, a sum equal to their profits -for the two years past; then to close the saloons and prohibit any others from open-ing in the place for two years. It is to be hoped this program will be carried out in full. But to make the test a fair one it should be also pro-vided that the sum habitually spent by the residents of Akron for intoxi- cants be paid into the city treasury in lieu of *the revenue derived from saloon licenses. If the people of Ak-ron should do this they would have just as.much money left as when they spent it in the saloons, and would retain the immense advantage of keeping sober. THE important question with every civilized nation is not whether it can conquer abroad, but whether it can conquer at home. If it cannot con-quer at home, it will avail nothing to possess the power to conquer abroad. Rome was mightiest in for-eign conquests when she was being overpowered by the foes of free gov-ernment in Italy. The United States is conquering foes abroad, but there are many of its citizens who feel that their interests and those of the na-tion would be much better served if the Government were to combat some of the foes which seem to be defying it at home; as the Standard Oil Trust, the "Embalmed Beef" Trust, and other like monopolies, which exist in defiance of State law. THE first gun has been fired, the first blood shed, the first battle fought, in pursuance of American imperialism. And now that this has been done, it is very unlikely that there will be any turning back to the former principles of American Gov-ernment. The first battle and the first cost of imperialism have been pleasing to American pride; but what will be the last battle and the last cost? This is the real question to be considered. Believing this number to be an excellent one for missionary work we have had several thousand extra copies printed, which we offer at our old rate for such purposes, namely, one cent per copy in bulk, or when wrappers are addressed to individ-uals, at the rate of one and a quarter cents per copy. Send us in a list of names. This paper should have a wide circulation. How many do YOU want ? Back numbers, with the exception of number two, may also be had at the above rates. 