112 THE AMERICAN sr;NirtNRL. NEW YORK, APRIL 3, 1890. NomŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE day following the defeat of his Educational bill, Senator Blair moved a reconsideration. His motion was promptly tabled. The next day Mr. Blair re-intro-duced the bill, and it is again on the calendar as a portentious piece of un-finished business for next year. Ł IN a recent article in the Christian Na-tion, Rev. J. M. Foster gives a new version of the fable of the goose which laid the golden egg. He says: "To take the Sab-bath for popular temperance meetings is killing the hen which lays the golden egg, as the foolish woman did in the fable story." We presume that he must have read the "fable story" of this remarkable hen and of the foolish woman, in the same book out of which Dr. Stacy obtained his information regarding the "bounding kan-garoo," which he described as "springing from his lair" and drawing the life-blood from his victim. THE statement is made in the Pearl of Days of March 21, that a man has just been fined twenty dollars in Washington City for violation of the Sunday law. How does this correspond with the state-ment so confidently made only a few weeks since by the friends of the Breckin-ridge Sunday bill that the District of Co-lumbia had no Sunday law ? As was plainly shown in the SENTINEL recently, the District has a very rigid Sunday law, and the purpose of the Breckinridge bill is not to supply such a law where none now exists but to get Congress to take the first step in religious legislation. A CONFERENCE is called to meet in Day-ton, Ohio, May 21, 22. The call is to those "who sincerely desire a real and visible union of all true followers of Christ ;" and the object is to express " the growing con-viction that the existing divisions into sects and denominations is contrary to the spirit and letter of the Gospel, the primi-tive order of the Church, and the prayer of Christ himself, and is a great hindrance to the world's conversion." The union here desired can never be effected by conven-tions, conferences, or comparisons of er-rors. It can be accomplished only by the genuine influence of the Spirit of Christ calling together those that are his. And when it is done the world will not be con- verted. " The world's conversion is a will-o'-the-wisp that deludes most of the churches and distracts them from the real sober work of God, to the mechanism of conventions, legislative enactments, and constitutional amendments. This world will never be converted. A GENTLEMAN wishes space in this paper to prove that Jehovah, the God of the Jews, is not the same Being whom Jesus worshiped. We know that such a prop-osition cannot be maintained from the Scriptures; and as we recognize no other authority on such questions we cannot consent that our columns shall be used in any such way. The Bible, by which we mean the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, reveals but one God, the Crea-tor of the heavens and the earth, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, and "the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ." To attempt to make it teach any-thing else would be worse than useless. SENATOR BLAIR feels considerably put out about the failure of his Educational bill. He blames the Republican party for its defeat, and therefore serves the follow-ing notice :Š I place it on record that there is an end of its political supremacy in this country, and there ought to be. I owe no allegiance to a. party that lies in its platform to a Nation, and which chooses to go now and henceforth to its doom as a falsifier. We do not know whether the Repub-lican party is thus responsible or not; but accepting it as true, the defeat of that bill was one of the most meritorious acts that a party ever performed. It is to the honor of every senator who voted against it that he did so vote; and it may be spoken to his honor by his children and his children's children. Ł SECRETARY CRAFTS, of the American Sabbath Union, so-called, is about to start upon another transcontinental lecture tour in the interests of compulsory Sunday ob-servance. The dates are not positively fixed, but are proposed as follows :Š April 6, Annapolis or Frederick, Md. ; April 7, Hagerstown or Cumberland, Md. ; April 8, Parkers-burgh, W. Va. ; April 9, Portsmouth, or some other city in southern Ohio ; April 10, Evansville, or some other town in southern Indiana; April 11, Cairo, or some city in southern Illinois ; April 13-16, Arkansas, (Little Rock, Fort Smith, etc.); April 17,Vinita, Ind. Ter. ; April 18, Carthage, Mo., or Parsons, Kan. ; April 20, 21, two of the following Kansas citiesŠLawrence, Leavenworth, Atchison, Topeka, Empo-ria; April 22, Salina, Kan. ; April 23, Newton or Winfield, or Arkansas City or Anthony, all in Kan. ; April 24, Hutchinson or Great Bend, both in Kan. ; April 25, Trinidad or La Junta, both Col. ; April 27, Los Vegas, N. M. ; April 28, Santa Fe, N. M. ; April 29, Albuqurque, N. M. ; Los Angeles, Cal. The re-turn from California will be in June, through Ne-vada, Utah, Colorado, Nebraska, Iowa, the two Da-kotas, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Mich-igan, and northern Ohio. We will as soon as possible publish the definite' appointments. Ł 4.  Ł  THE Houston Post asks: " When will these good Sabbatarians learn that in attacking the Sunday paper they are barking up the wrong tree; that it is  the Monday paper which [it is supposed] collides with the decalogue ?" And the Galveston News responds : "Just as soon as they discover that it is the Monday paper which causes people to stay at home and read all day instead of going to Church." This answer is undoubtedly the truth, for it has more than once been publicly stated in Sunday-law meetings and conventions that the greatest evil of the Sunday paper is not the work which it causes to be done upon that day, but the fact that it keeps people away from church and destroys their interest in spir-itual things. This may be true, but it does not follow that the State ought to abolish the Sunday paper any more than it should abolish infidel papers and pro-hibit all men from speaking against the religion of the majority. WE have received from the author, Mr. Francis Hope, London, England, a copy of " Bible Principles and the Union of Church and State." The book contains one hundred and thirty pages, bound in flexible covers, is very neat and attractive in appearance and sells for one shilling (twenty-five cents). It is devoted to a dis-cussion of the relation which should exist between Church and State, and is an ex-cellent book. The work contains eight chapters, as follows Introduction, The Religion of Jesus, The Powers that Be, The Theocracy of Israel, The State in Particular, A Practical Test, A Brief- Notice of The History of the Union Theory, and The Union in England. We trust the book will have a large sale, for it ought to be read by everybody. THE latest number of the Sentinel Li-brary which has reached our table is "Arguments on the Breckinridge Sunday bill. The Object and Price of Exemption Clauses." This number which is just out is one of the most valuable yet issued, and should have a prompt and extensive cir-culation. It gives the arguments pre-sented to the Committee on the District of Columbia against the Breckinridge Sun-day-rest bill at the hearing had February 18. It should be read by everybody. Price, ten cents. The usual discount given to the trade and for large orders. It will be sent to any address, post-paid, upon receipt of price. Orders may be ad-dressed to Pacific Press, Oakland, Califor-nia, or to the same house at 43 Bond Street, New York. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy; Per Year, post-paid, $ 1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 pond Street, New York. 