"KEEP THE CHURCH AND STATE FOREVER SEPARATE."ŠGeneral Grant addressing the Veterans of the Army of the Tennessee, at Des Moines, Ia., September, 1875. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 553 "never has there been recorded a more adroit and sa-gacious arrangement, than this made by the Catholic monarch, by which he not only secured all the property and half the ransom of the infidels, but finally got pos-session of their persons in the bargain." Catholic holiness is this! Of course such a continued warfare was not without losses to the Spaniards. Thus after the seige of Baza, which lasted six months and twenty days, their loss amounted to twenty thousand men, of whom seventeen thousand died of disease, and not a few of cold. "A kind of death peculiarly uncom-fortable," says the historian; but the pious "father" adds: "As these latter were chiefly of ignoble rank, bag-gage carriers, and such like, the loss was not of great importance." This was the mode of warfare then, which immedi- ately preceded the invasion of South America by the Spanish; and the cruelties practiced far from home, were in keeping with those in common usage under Ferdinand and Isabella, and Charles the Fifth. General Grant on the Preservation of the Union. Address to the Arney of the Tennessee. COMRADES : It always affords me much gratification to meet my old comrades in arms ten to fourteen years ago, and to live over again in memory the trials and hardships of those days,Šhardships imposed for the preservation and prepetuation of our free institutions. We believed then and believe now that we had a Govern- ment worth fighting for, and, if need be, dying for. How many of our comrades of those days paid the latter price for our preserved Unionl,Let their heroism and sacrifices beever green in our memory. Let not the results of their sacrifices be destroyed. The Union and the free institu-tions for which they fell should be held more dear for their sacrifices. We will not deny to any who fought against us any privileges under the Government which we claim for ourselves. On the contrary, we welcome all such who come forward in good faith to help build up the waste places and to perpetuate our institutions against all en-emies, as brothers in full interest with us in a common heritage.- But we are not prepared to apologize for the part we took in the war. It is to be hoped that like trials will never again befall our country. In this sentiment no class of people can more heartily join thanthe soldier who submitted to the dangers, trials, and hardships of the camp and battle-field, on whichever side he fought. No class of peo-ple are more interested in guarding against arecur-rence of those days. Let us, then, begin by guard-ing against every enemy threatening the perpet-uity of free republican institutions. I do not bring into this assemblage politics Šcertainly not partisan politics,Šbut it is a fair subject for soldiers in their deliberations to consider what may be necessary to secure the prise for which they bat-tle. Un a republic like ours, where the citizen is the sovereign and the official the servant, where no power is exercised ex-cept by the will of the people, it is important that the sovereignŠthe peopleŠshould possess intelligence. The free school is the promoter of that intelligence which is to preserve us a free nation. If we are to have another contest in the near future of our national existence, I pre-dict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon's, but between patriotism and intelligence on the one side and superstition, ambition, and ignorance on the other. Now, in this centennial year of our national existence, I believe it is a good time to begin the work of strengthening the foundation of the house commenced by our patriotic fore-fathers one hundred years ago at Concord and Lexington. Let us all labor to add all needful guarantees for the more perfect security of free thought, free speech, and 