LIBERTY 175 under governmental ban. Witness the mighty moral revolution effected not only in England but in the world by Method-ism, resulting in the abolition of the slave trade first in the British colonies and subsequently in all civilized countries. There is but one legitimate service the state can render the church, and that is to give her a free field and no favors. The National Reformers are simply de-manding that the church forsake Christ and form an adulterous union with Caesar. C. P. B. tip Freedom of the Press FROM time to time we have called the attention of our readers to various pro-posals to interfere with the freedom of the press. One of the most recent is in the form of a rider to the post-office ap-propriation bill. This rider leaves it at the discretion of the Post Office Depart-ment as to whether some of the mail may not be sent by freight instead of by express. This provision has awakened great opposition on the part of some of the newspapers which said little or noth-ing concerning the proposed laws to give the Postmaster-General discretionary power to exclude from the mails pub-lications making attacks on any religion or which are deemed obnoxious by any religious sect. The Washington Post of May 31, under the heading " Kill This Press Gag! " speaks of the subject edi-torially. As the editorial is short and strong, we are quoting it entire: Š " The Senate should lose no time in defeat-ing that provision of the post-office appropria-tion bill which would enable any Postmaster-General to stifle and destroy any newspaper or periodical by his arbitrary ruling. Under this provision, the Postmaster-General may require that certain publications which for any reason may have aroused his ill will shall be dis-tributed by freight, whereas other publications in precisely the same class, rivals and com-petitors of the first, may enjoy the rapid transit of the regular mails. " On its very face this is the power of life and death. No newspaper or magazine could  long survive such a handicap if a Postmaster-General imposed it, and, under the terms of the bill, there is no appeal from his decision. Such power for harm should not be intrusted to any man. The proposition has been described as the boldest attempt in the history of the coun-try to muzzle the free press of the United States. It is nothing less than that. Freedom of speech and freedom of the press are such fundamental rights under the Constitution that it is astonishing to find men willing to defeat one of those guaranties, even by indirection. It would give any party in power a political weapon with which to punish its enemies. It would paralyze public opinion in America. " This particular section of the post-office appropriation bill must have been passed in the House and reported subsequently to the Senate only because the attention of members of the committee was not directed to the in-sidious character of the provision. The Senate committee evidently saw the wisdom of re-stricting the discretion of officials of the Post Office Department along certain lines, for it recommended legislation with that in view. The section in question strikes more deeply at the liberties of the people than any condition that is sought to be remedied in the pending bill. It should be killed promptly and for all time when it comes up in the Senate." We wish also to call our readers' at- tention to the fact that the statement of principles as set forth in this editorial apply equally to the proposed legislation giving the Postmaster-General arbitrary power to stifle publications dealing with religious controversy which may be ob-noxious to those religious bodies which are attacked. The preservation of our liberties demands that there shall not be in this country any political party or re- ligious sect exempt from liability to crit-icism. Freedom of the press is absolutely essential to the maintenance of liberty, both civil and religious. L. L. C. FORTUNATELY for the minority in this world, there have always been some will-ing to give them a hearing. That is why the oppressor is opposed to granting his enemies the right of dissent. The jury, or in other words the people, may decide against the old order and in favor of the new ideas. 