86 LIBERTY does not trespass on private rights or the pub-lic peace. This has always been a favorite principle with me; and it was not with my approbation that the deviation from it took place in Congress, when they appointed chap-lains, to be paid from the national treasury. It would have been a much better proof to their constituents of their pious feeling if the members had contributed for the purpose a pittance from their own pockets. As the precedent is not likely to be rescinded, the best that can now be done may be to apply to the Constitution the maxim of the law, de minimis non carat. " There has been another deviation from the strict principle in the executive proclamations of fasts and festivals, so far, at least, as they have spoken the language of injunction, or have lost sight of the equality of all religious sects in the eye of the Constitution. Whilst I was honored with the executive trust, I found it necessary on more than one occasion to fol-low the example of predecessors. But I was always careful to make the proclamations abso-lutely indiscriminate, and merely recommen-datory ; or, rather, mere designations of a day on which all who thought proper might unite in consecrating it to religious purposes, accord-ing to their own faith and forms."Š" Writings of James Madison," Vol. III, p. 273 et seq. The endeavor to make the Thanksgiv-ing proclamation " absolutely indiscrim-inate and merely recommendatory," is the very thing to which the Christian Statesman takes exception. It wishes Christ to be recognized as the Ruler of nations, even though this involves a dis-crimination against those of our citizens who do not believe in Christ as the Son of God. The comments of the States-man are:Š "It is disappointing, however, to note that this proclamation follows the custom of its predecessors, and makes no reference to Jesus Christ, the Ruler of nations, except in the words, In the year of our Lord,' which have no necessary religious significance. This omis-.sion by our Presidents is too consistently reg-ular to be unintentional ; and it is to be much regretted that in this hour when the God of nations is speaking to the world in such au-dible tones, and has been sparing us from the strife that others have suffered, we should not through our Christian President in such a proclamation have recognized him whom God has exalted to be the King of nations. Kiss the Son,' is God's mandate to civil rulers. ' He that honoreth not the Son honoreth not the Father which hath sent him.' Also there is no way of expressing thanks acceptably to the Father but through the Son." As believers in the principle of separa-tion of church and state, let us view with alarm anything which involves the least violation of this American prin-ciple. itf Sunday Laws Against the Constitution BY WM. MAYHEW HEALEY THE First Amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States reads : " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The constitution and laws of each State must be in harmony with those of the general government, else there would be no United States. The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States guards this point and makes such harmony imperative in the following words : " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." Every citizen of the United States, and in har-mony with the Fourteenth Amendment, every citizen of the individual States, must be allowed the " free exercise " of religion, and that under " equal protec-tion of the laws." Every Sunday law is a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment, in the fact that it denies " equal protection," as certain kinds of business are always allowed, while other lines are forbidden under penalty. As an illustration of this, take the Sunday law of Idaho, which permits the sale of " candies and cigars," but pro-hibits selling a loaf of bread under pen-alty of " not less than twenty-five dol-lars." This is not equal protection of law when it allows candy and cigars to be sold seven days in the week, and forbids selling bread more than six days in the week. Every Sunday law interferes with the 