26 LIBERTY Sunday a Day of Enjoyment In the agricultural days, men, women, and children worked to Łsatiety in the fresh air of the open, and longed for the church and meeting house of Sun-day. In these days their descendants stifle in a contaminated atmosphere within doors, and long for a glimpse of the fields. The boy in the cities con-fined in school and house and workshop longs for the vacant lot or the open river. The working men and women look upon Sunday as the only day in which they can enjoy life and with their families imbibe the fresh air of the fields. In the woods, on the rivers, at the seaside, they throng in multitudes, seeking rest and relaxation from an economic atmos-phere that denies them both. The demand for a change in the re-ligious structures of the American Sab-bath is evolved by this change of condi-tions, and comes from this urban popu-lation seeking air, rest, and recreation from the putrid and confining environ-ment of shop and factory. To a large extent the old ideal of the American Sabbath still dominates in the agricul-tural districts; and the problem pre-sented to representative government as between a historical ideal and an eco-nomic necessity, is how to harmonize the situation without sacrificing the sub-stance of the cherished ideals. In our country the church typifies the moral and religious strength of a few people, and stands as its representative. In attempting to stand for the colonial and agricultural Sabbath in the manu-facturing and workshop districts and in the cities, the church is placed practi-cally in the attitude of an opponent to the popular demand for outdoor relief on Sunday, and this, of course, is unfor-tunate. As a churchman, I cherish the beautiful ideal of the American Sunday, but I cannot close my eyes to what many prominent churchmen concede,Š that one of the crying problems of the day, in church life, is how we may fill our churches in the cities, or at least increase the attendance of men. Is the attitude of the church upon this problem in the cities and manufacturing districts inviting trouble and dissension and absenteeism ? If so, does it not be-hoove us to cast about and adopt some rational modus vivendif Old Laws Ignored " You cannot," says Edmund Burke, " indict a whole people." And so you may retain upon the books the legisla-tive edicts of former days, but if they run counter to the tempter of the times, grand juries will ignore their violations and courts thereby become helpless to enforce them. In such a status, the retention of such a law upon the books results only in pub-lic contempt for the observance of all law, and such a popular state of mind is always inimical to law and order, and breeds contempt for government and its administrators. If you attempt to suppress the boy ball player on the vacant lot, or the man or woman who finds enjoyment and rec-reation upon a Sunday afternoon in the picture show, the grand juryman looks askance and desires to know upon what legal theory of exemption his neighbor may find recreation on the golf field, or on the country roads in an automobile. Years at the bar, and my experience on the bench, have enabled me to per-ceive the inequality which results from this condition; and when the masses of the people recognize inequality in the application of the law and its enforce-ment, that decent respect for law and its administrators which in the earlier days was characteristic of American citizen-ship, becomes endangered. No reasonable American can survey the field today and not perceive almost with a shudder the unrest, the distemper, and the sullen disregard for law and or-der which prevails. Will the church further accentuate the condition by re-fusing to meet in conference the men and women whose organizations and votes present in our representative system a potent argument to the statesman for 