136 LIBERTY hours to teach any religion to any person ? That the ruling of the Bureau of Edu-cation does interfere with the religious liberty of the teacher is conceded by this statement, ,as also found in the above let-ter : The teachers " know that it does not interfere with their religious liberty beyond prohibiting the giving of relig-ious instruction to their pupils, either in or out of school hours." The quotation from Act 74, Section 16, given in Mr. Barrows's circular, is in harmony with American principles of re-ligious liberty. The state can not teach religion, as it has none to teach. The public schools are provided for pupils of various religious persuasion's.. It would be unjust to encourage or dispar-age any of the beliefs of the patrons 'of these schools. It makes no difference if in some places there is a majority of some one religious sect, the secular teach-ing should remain the same. But the interpretation placed upon this section by the Secretary of Public In-struction introduces a principle entirely foreign to our school system. He de-clares that the teacher can not, outside of school hours, under his own roof, im-part religious instruction to any attend-ant of the schools. Facts connected with this incident indicate that the whole case is but another scheme to keep Prot-estantism from being taught to Filipino Catholics. Before Mr. Taft entered into negoti-ations with the Pope concerning the pur-chase of church property in the Philip-pines, Secretary of War Root called Mr. Taft's attention to several propositions, " which are deemed fundamental," the first one of which was : Š " One of the controlling principles of our government is the complete separa-tion of church and state, with entire free-dom of each from any control or inter-ference by the other. This principle is imperative, wherever American jurisdic-tion extends, and no modification or sha-ding thereof can be the subject of dis-cussion." In the first communication to Mr. Taft. Leo XIII wrote : Š " Finally, the Holy See can not ab-stain from asking the American authori- ties suitable provisions for religious teach- ing in the public, schools, especially the primary ; and that the choice of teachers be made according to equitable principles, such as do not wound the rights and feelings of a people entirely Catholic." Following the instruction of Mr. Root, Governor Taft said: " My instructions do not permit me to discuss the subject, but I may properly refer your eminence to Section z6 of the General School Law of the Philippines." It is plainly to be seen that neither Governor Taft nor the Pope placed the construction upon Sec-tion 16 which we find in the circular sent out by Mr. Barrows. But it was left for the Secretary of Public Instruction, -who was a Catholic, to do this. That the reader may get a better understand-ing of this matter, we will quote a few paragraphs from the book " The Philip-pines and the Far East," by Homer C. Stuntz. The author of this book was a resident of the Philippines over two years. Speaking of the attempt of the Catholics to secure control of the public schools, he says : Š " Their first move was a master-stroke. A Catholic was made commissioner, and thus became Secretary of Public Instruc-tion, as the successor of the outgoing commissioner-secretary. . . . A high percentage of new teachers coming from the States are Catholics. Every few days something transpires to keep us fully aware that `changeless Rome' is tireless as well. Rome proposes to con-trol the public school she can not destroy. With her Jesuitical methods and her tre-mendous political leverage in America, she can do us vast harm. . . . " The fight against the Philippine pub-lic schools will be largely carried on in the United States. It is there that com-missioners are appointed. It is from there that teachers come. . . . It is in the United States that the exigencies of poli-tics tend to force party leaders to make such compromises as will `hold the Cath-olic vote in line.' It is there that we need help."Š Pages 205, 206. 