LIBERTY 69 the Constitution Congress could not leg-islate concerning the press ; each school agreed that this should and ought to be true, but the school of Jefferson, anxious that no construction should ever be made which might lead to the exercise of this power, insisted on the First Amendment as a positive declaratory amendment to that effect. And so when the Constitu-tion went to the States for ratification, as you recall, a number of the States insisted that there should he no doubt left in regard to this matter, and ratified it upon condition that the ten Amend-ments Š and I shall confine myself, of course, only to the subject matter under discussion today Š should be adopted along with the Constitution, or rather they ratified it upon. condition that it should be understood that these Amend-ments should follow. Mr. Hamilton, in discussing this proposition in the Feder-alist, referring to the First Amendment and the Amendments following, said : " They would contain various exceptions to powers not granted, and on this very account would afford a colorable pretext to claim more 0 Harris & Ewing SENATOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN Photo by Clinedinst REPRESENTATIVE F. H. LA GUARDIA than were granted. For why declare that things shall not be done which there is no power to do? Why, for instance, should it be said that the liberty of the press shall not be restrained when no power is given by which restrictions may be imposed? I will not contend that such a provision," to wit, an amendment, "would confer a regulating power; but it is evident that it would furnish, to men disposed to usurp, a plausible pretense for claiming that power. They might urge with a sem-blance of reason that the Constitution ought not to be charged with the absurdity of pro-viding against the abuse of an authority which was not given, and that the provision against restraining the liberty of the press afforded a clear implication that a power to prescribe proper regulations concerning it was intended to be vested in the national government. " Therefore," said Mr. Hamilton, " as the power does not exist in the national overnment to legislate concerning the press, to adopt an amendment with reference to the subject matter would be an implication that the power does exist, and it does not. " Very well," said Mr. Jefferson, 