LIBERTY 41 LABOR IN THE UNITED STATES PENALTY FOR VIOLATION. EXCEPTIONS ALLOWED. First offense— fine of $10-$2o; second, fine of $20-$100 and three months in jail or at hard labor. Fine of $5-$5o  Fine of $1  Fine of $25-$50, or 15-30 days in jail, or both. Fine of not over $5o. Fine of $250  Fine of $4, and on failure to pay, 24 hours' imprisonment. Fine of $8, and on failure to pay, 24 hours' imprisonment. Fine of $10-$20, and on failure to pay, not over x o days' imprisonment. Fine of not over $5o. Fine of not over $10  Superintendent of transportation liable in each county for misdemeanor. A misdemeanor  Fine of not over $50, or imprison-ment not over 3o days. Fine of $25-$100, or 3o days' im-prisonment; and for second offense, both. Fine of not over $25  Fine of $x-$zo Fine of $1-$5, with imprisonment until paid. Fine of not over $25  Fine of $2-$5o  Fine of $10-$25, or 5-Io days' impris-onment, or both, for second offense; first offense, fine of not over $5. Fine of $25-$25o, or 10-30 days' im prisonment, or both. Fine of not over $xo Fine of $5 Domestic service, works of charity; druggists, railroads, steamboats, stages; manufacturing requiring continuous operation. Drug stores, doctor shops, undertakers, livery-stable keepers, barbers, butchers, and bakers; circumstance of necessity or mercy may he pleaded in defense. Household duties of necessity,. comfort, or charity; steamboats; manu-facturing enterprises requiring continuous operation; persons who on account of religious belief keep another day as Sabbath. Works of necessity or mercy; persons who conscientiously believe that another day should be observed as Sabbath and do observe such other day, provided they do not disturb those attending public worship on Sunday. Works of necessity or mercy; trains carrying U. S. mail; trains au-thorized by railroad commissioners; unloading of freight on authori-zation of railroad commissioners up to 8 A. is.; street-cars. Works of necessity and charity. Work of necessity; printing of newspapers before 6 A. M. and their sale during day. Ordinary household business of daily necessity, or other work of necessity or charity. Regular mail- or passenger-trains; stock-trains delayed beyond schedule time while running to next point where animals may be fed or watered; freight-trains arriving at destination by 8 A. is.; special trains carrying perishable freight; trains running chiefly in other States. Works of necessity or charity. Works of necessity or mercy; newspaper printing-offices, steamship, railroad, telegraph and telephone companies, hotels, inns, restaurants, cigar stores, ice-cream parlors, soda-water stands, drug stores, livery-stables, hackmen, licensed shore boats, news-depots, graziers and ranchmen, electric-light plants, gas-works, slaughter-houses, transpor-tation of personal baggage to and from vessels or railroad-stations, loading and unloading of vessels, sale and delivery of milk, bread, fruit, and ice, and until to A. M. the sale and delivery of fresh meat, fresh fish, and fresh vegetables, and the delivery and gather-ing of laundry; barber shops until ii A. M. Hotels Ł and restaurants, livery-stables, sale of medicines, etc., under-takers, news-stands, sale of non-intoxicating refreshments, candies, and cigars. Works of necessity or charity; handling of passengers by watermen and railroad companies, unloading of cargoes by watermen, carrying over of travelers and persons moving their families by ferrymen; labor by those who keep another day as Sabbath. Works of necessity or charity; those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as Sabbath; travelers and those who convey them, family moving, keepers of toll-bridges and toll-gates, ferrymen, and persons engaged in publishing and selling newspapers. Works of necessity or charity; those who conscientiously observe the seventh day as Sabbath, travelers, families emigrating, keepers of toll-gates and -bridges, and ferrymen. Works of necessity or charity; those observing some other day as Sabbath; ferrymen crossing passengers. Works of necessity or charity; operation of ferries, skiffs, steamboats, or steam- or street-railroads; those who observe one day in seven other than Sunday as Sabbath. News-dealers, soda-fountains, recreation and health resorts, watering-places, public parks, sale of ice, newspaper offices, printing-offices, bookstores, drug stores, apothecary shops, undertakers, market, ba-keries, dairies, livery-stables, railroads, hotels, boarding-houses, boats, warehouses for freight, restaurants, telegraph-offices, theaters or any place of amusement, stores for purpose of selling necessities for sickness or burial purposes. Works of necessity or charity; persons conscientiously believing that the seventh day ought to be observed as Sabbath and do refrain from work on that day. Works of necessity and charity. 