LIBERTY 23 The purpose of civil law is to restrain the vicious and punish the guilty. A thing that is wrong from a civil stand-point on one day is wrong on all days. The man who attempts to coerce one of his fellow men into honoring a day be-cause of its supposed sanctity, is endeav-oring to control the actions of others in their relation to their God. Whenever men have set themselves as God's aveng-ers, they have always brought persecu-tion to bear upon those who do not agree with them. There are different religious denomina-tions in this land who do not agree upon the question as to when the Sabbath day should be observed, whether on the sev-enth or the first day of the week. For the civil government to step in and de-cide this question would be for it to as-sume the right to settle religious con-troversies. When a State does this, it establishes a State religion. An eminent authority on Constitutional limitations has well said : Š " The Legislatures have not been left at lib-erty to effect a union of church and state, or to establish preferences by law in favor of any one religious persuasion or mode of worship. There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. What-ever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinc-tion operates unfavorably, a persecution; and if based on religious grounds, a religious per-secution. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle; it is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privi-lege."Š Cooley, "Constitutional Limitations," fifth edition, p. 580. Applying this principle to sabbath leg-islation, Judge Cooley says : Š " The Jew who is forced to respect the first day of the week, when his conscience requires of him the observance of the seventh also, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and by forcing him to keep a second sabbath in each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief."Š Id., p. 589Ł This is certainly sound reasoning. The careful reader will notice that this noted jurist recognizes that a Sunday law interferes with religious belief, and is  therefore not civil, but religious legisla- tion. Based on this same principle, the California Supreme Court ruled: Š " The Constitution, when it forbids discrim-ination or preference in religion, does not mean merely to guarantee toleration, but religious liberty in its largest sense, and a perfect equal-ity without distinction between religious sects. The enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of these sects is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the reli-gious freedom of the others." Only a few days ago another decision was handed down by the criminal court of appeals of Oklahoma. This is as fol- lows : Š " Courts which hold that to require Sab-batarians to keep our Sunday does not prevent them from also keeping the seventh day, over-look the fact that under the divine command-ment that these people are striving to obey, it is as imperative that they work six days as that they rest on the seventh. And that if their conscience compels them to rest one day, and the law also forces them to rest another, they will thus be forced to violate the first pro-vision of the commandment they are consci-entiously attempting to keep." Again, to be sure that the Sunday laws are religious legislation, one need go no farther than to read almost any proposed Sunday bill. Exemptions to its enforce-ment are given to those who conscien-tiously observe some other day as the Christian sabbath. No one need be de-ceived as to whether these proposed Sun-day laws, and those which are already in existence, are religious or civil, as it is very evident that they are all an endeavor to bolster up a religious dogma, and en-force upon the people of the land the re-ligious convictions held by those who have not yet learned the great truth as set forth by the Master : " Render there-fore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22 : 21. tV t1E tV IF Sunday laws are not religious and are not so designed, why is it so univer-sally required of those who would seek exemption from their penalties that they must keep some other day " conscien-tiously and religiously "? 