Photo, U. & U., N. Y. Make-up and Proof Stone Used by Benjamin Franklin LIBERTY  109 the principle of " the equality of man." Its founders were the first builders of a civil government that dared to say to the world and the church, " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed ; " and then, after the declara-tion, proceed to make this great principle, " the equality of man," the corner-stone of the new government. A true American is one who is not only a legal citizen of the United States by birth or naturalization, but one who, in theory and in practice, up-holds this great principle of equal-ity of rights. No murderer is a true American, be-cause he has de-prived another of the inherent right to life. The thief is not a true American, because he has interfered with another's right to hold property. Even if the thief has put the stolen money or stolen goods to better use than the owner would have done, it does not excuse the theft, nor make the thief a good American Freedom from slavery, the right of every free citizen to the use and control of his own time, is thus clearly defined in Article 13, Section 1, of the Con-stitutional Amendments : " Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction." Any person who shall compel another to spend his time contrary to his own  will, is compelling involuntary servitude. It is immaterial whether the person is required to perform some hard labor or to sit idle in the shade; the fact is that he is denied the liberty to use his own time in his own way; and the person depriving him of such right would not be a " true American," because he violates the Constitution of the Government. A employs B and C to work for him, and A and B decide that they will labor only six days in the week and take one day for rest. When the plan is men-tioned to C, he says, " Very well, I will ¥labor elsewhere on the day you rest." A and B reply, " Indeed, you will do no.such thing! You shall not earn money on 'm o r e days than we do; and if you attempt to do it, we will compel you to be idle." What is this b u t involuntary servitude? And it is just what some are clamoring for in their demand for a day of enforced rest or idleness from labor. Such a de-mand is in violation of the principles of the American Government, as set forth in its Constitution. This being un-American, how can its advocates be true Americans ? To advocate any new law or Constitu-tional amendment that would bring about a more complete and a better application of the principles of the Government, is legitimate and commendable ; but a law that deprives free citizens of the right to the use of their own time by enforcing either work or idleness, is in violation of the fundamental principles of the Gov-ernment. ETERNAL vigilance is the price of lib-erty, even in a republic. 