Erligiutts Kihrrtg Aagotiatirtit DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES II r. We believe in God, in the Bible as the word of God, and in the separation i  of church and state as taught by Jesus Christ. i i2. We believe that the ten cornrrandments are the law of God, and that they Icomprehend man's whole duty to God and man. 3. We believe that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded in the law of love I of God, and needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love cannot be i forced. I I4. We believe in civil government as divinely ordained to protect men in the j enjoyment of their natural rights and to rule in civil things, and that in this realm it is entitled to the respectful obedience of all.  i5. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided I ithat in the exercise of this right he respects the equal rights of others. 6. We believe that all religious legislation tends to unite church and state, is j 1subversive of human rights, persecuting in character, and opposed to the best inter- estsI of both church and state.  I7. We believe, therefore, that it is not within the province of civil government I to legislate on religious questions. I 8. We believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to pre- _ j vent religious legislation, and oppose all movements tending to unite church and 1 state, that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and religious liberty. I g. We believe in the inalienable and constitutional right of free speech, free j  ! press, peaceable assembly, and petition. ! I io. We also believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to I society. I For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (secretary, C. S. 1 Longacre), or any of the affiliated organizations given below: / i AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS  I 1 Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil- North Pacific Religious Liberty Association (af- iated iated organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massachu- filiated organizations in Oregon, Washington, setts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecticut, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska) : Office, College Place, and Rhode Island) : Office, South Lancaster, Mass. ; Wash., secretary, H. G. Thurston. i secretary, K. C. Russell. Eastern Canadian Religious Liberty Association Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affiliated 1 organizations in California, Nevada, Utah, and (affiliated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova ! i Scotia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland) : Of- Arizona) : Secretary, W. F. Martin, Santa Ana, ! fice, Oshawa, Ontario ; secretary, A. V. Olson. Calif. i Central States Religious Liberty Association  (af- Southeastern Religious Liberty Association (af- 1 i ifiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Mis- filiated organizations in Florida, Georgia, North souri, Colorado, and Wyoming) : Office, College Carolina, and South Carolina) : Office. 169 Bryan iView, Nebr. ; secretary, R. A. Underwood. St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary,  W. H. Branson. Columbia Religious Liberty Association (affil- Southern Religious Liberty Association (affil- 1 iated organizations in Pennsylvania. Ohio, New iated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten- i Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, and nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi) : Office, 2123 Maryland) : Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; secretary, 24th Ave. N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, S. E. 1 1 F. H. Robbins. Wight. 7.. Lake Religious Liberty Association  (affiliated Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (af- i organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and filiated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, iWisconsin) : Office, 3145 Lyndale St., Chicago, Ill.; Texas, and New Mexico) : Office, Keene, Tex. ; i secretary, Wm. Guthrie. secretary, Morris Lukens. !  I  iNorthern Religious Liberty Association (affil- Western Canadian Religious Liberty Association iated organizationsin Minnesota, Iowa, North (affiliated organizations in Alberta. British Co- I iDakota, and South Dakota) : Office, 2713 Third lumbia, Manitoba, and Saskatchewan) : Office, 304 Ave. South, Minneapolis, Minn.; secretary, Chas. I. 0. O. F. Building, Calgary, Alberta; secretary, 1 i Thompson. C. F. McVagh. I .f.,...,,......,..,,,,,,...,.—,,....—,,,.,,,,,,,....,,.—,..,,,,,—.,,,—....,......,—.....,,,...,........,,..,,,,,.,,,,,,,...o.,....—,..,,,......,,,,,,F 