LIBERTY 55 enforcement of some of them would re-sult in depriving some excellent citizens of their right to labor one day in the week. Sabbath-keeping is a spiritual ex-perience and can not be compelled by law. It is proper to pray for spiritual blessings, but not to attempt to force them upon others by legal enactment. flE tti ftE Enforcing the Law Too frequently the cry is raised," The law must be enforced! The law must be enforced! " It is under such sophis-try as this, without considering the na-ture of the law and the proper limitations which must ever exist in the exercise of power, that the most cruel and despotic acts of persecution have always been covered. Under such sophistry as this the Medes and Persians cast Daniel into the lions' den, and the Babylonians the three worthies into the fiery furnace. Under such sophistry the Jews decided that they were justified in crucifying Christ. " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die," they said. Under such sophistry the bloody edicts of Nero and Caligula, of Domitian and Diocletian, were executed. Under such sophistry the professed Christian church of the days of medievalism enacted her tenets of faith and religious dogmas into civil law, and then enforced the law upon all dissenters and non-conformists, until the rivers of Europe flowed crimson with the blood of martyrs. They did not call it persecution. They were simply enforc-ing the law. Under similar sophistry that religion must be protected, how many crusades have been instituted, how many massacres have been perpetrated, and how many martyrs have been burned at the stake, tortured on the rack, and executed upon the scaffold of oppres-sion! Upon what basis are Sunday laws jus-tifiable which penalize honorable labor  and industry, and make acts which are justifiable and proper on six days of the week criminal on Sunday ? Upon what basis can observers of another day be exempt under the present Sunday laws, and justified in doing the same acts which are condemned in others as crim-inal? What science is there in law which can group individuals together, and exempt some while penalizing others for doing the same things at the same time? Such laws can not be explained upon any other basis than that they are purely religious laws, not civil laws (which are of uni-versal application on every day of the week), and that they are designed to protect Sunday as a religious institution. Such laws are not justifiable in civil gov-ernment unless the government desires to establish religion by law, recognize the dogmas of one class of believers above those of another, and thus settle a relig-ious controversy by civil law. 91 OE IV The Spiritual Versus the Social IN these days when so much emphasis is being placed upon the social side of the activities of the church, and when legislation is being sought to such an ex-tent in order to compel at least an ap-pearance of morality, it is refreshing to read a plea in favor of giving the chief prominence to the spiritual side of the church's work. We, therefore, pass along to our readers a portion of an edi-torial article which appeared in the Mis-sionary Review of the World for No-vember, 1912, and which we heartily commend: Š We acknowledge that the purpose of the church is twofold Š spiritual and social. According to the New Testament her chief work is spiritual. There has ever been a danger to press the social side so as to crowd out the spiritual. There is to-day. The social side appeals more to the natural man, who is opposed to the spiritual. The apostles placed the 