128 LIBERT1 IT is a cheap patriotism that refuses all self-denial for the cause it professes to love, that eschews war bread and tries in every possible way to beat the Food Administration ; that strives only to make money out of the war, while displaying flags, wearing Red Cross buttons, etc. Patriotism, like reli-gion, is worth only what it stands for in real, heartfelt service. THE National Re-formers of today are more than a thousand years behind the times. Charlemagne, over eleven centuries ago, imposed whole-sale baptism upon the conquered Saxons, thus making them " Christians " with-out change of heart, or even a theoretical knowledge of the gos-pel. What Charle-magne did then by force of arms, pseudo-reformers of the twentieth century would now do by leg-islative action. IT is not the con-tention of LIBERTY that any man is ever free from the obliga-tions of the moral law ; we do maintain, however, that no man or set of men can of right enforce the moral law upon any other man or set of men. The moment government under-takes to enforce the moral law as such, that moment it transcends its legitimate powers, and becomes a persecutor. Only God can administer his own law, for only he can judge the motives of the heart. THE Catholic Advance, Wichita, Kans., in its issue of July 13, had this editorial note : " The city commissioners of Detroit re-cently passed a law imposing a fine and imprisonment of six months in jail, for any one publishing anything defaming any one's religion. Now don't all speak at once. Next." If this law is in-tended to limit the freedom of speech or of the press, it would seem to be unconsti-tutional. If it is in-tended only to pro-hibit speaking evil maliciously and slan-derously, it is un-necessary, since that is already forbidden by the laws of all civilized states. No-body ought to be afraid of the truth, even concerning his religion. ARISTIDES spoke for other times than his own when he said that " neither walls nor theaters nor senseless equipage can make a state,. but men who are able to rely upon them-selves; " those " who know their duties, know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain." Surely we are needing now a generation that can think of duties owed as well as privileges to be enjoyed. After all, it is the plain, everyday fellow, having the saving gift of common sense, who counts for most.Š American Free-mason. It  OUR COVER DESIGN WE need not repeat here the stcry of Liberty Bell. Even the children all know it. But the story of its repro-duction, as shown in the picture on our front cover, is something new. It is thus told by Mole and Thomas, photog-raphers and designers of symbolic pic-tures in true perspective, 915 Medinah Building, Chicago: " On the twentieth of June, 1918,Ša beautiful afternoon,Š at the great army cantonment. Camp Dix, twenty-five thousand soldiers assembled and formed a living embodiment of this famed Liberty Bell. " The formation and ground measure-ments of this historic picture were previously prepared by correctly apply-ing the law of perspective. Thousands of yards of tape were laid on the ground to indicate and guide the forma-tion. The following ground measure-ments seem almost incredible: Length of beam across top, 368 feet: width of hell at bottom, 64 feet: length of each bolt. 395 feet: width of beam top to bottom, 435 feet: total length, top to bottom. 580 feet. The bolt is over three times the length of the bell it-self. The length of the beam is al-most six times the width of the bell. The beam required more than eleven times the number of men required for the bell. Number of officers and men composing the picture, 25,000." It is a wonderful picture of an old but favorite subject. Who can forget Liberty Bell, because of the message it rang out to the waiting people, July 4, 1776 S And now, when liberty is again assailed, when autocracy is trying to conquer the world to itself, 25,000 of the Hower of American manhood, repre-senting the million and a half now in France and the millions more to follow, springing to arms in defense of the same principles for which the Revolu-tionary fathers shed their blood, form themselves into a living picture of Liberty Bell; and the camera gives it to us in true perspective, that we may not forget either the original cost of the freedom we enjoy today, what it has cost in blood and treasure to perpetuate it, nor our individual duty to do our bit, that democratic principles and democratic government shall not perish ;rum the earth. 