"A Door Opened for Equal Christian Liberty" CLARENCE SANTEE THE above is the title of a tract of six-teen ' pages published May 10, 1783, by Isaac Backus, a Baptist, at the time this nation was an infant endeavoring to stand upon its feet. From the extracts selected it will be seen that the principles here enunciated are the same that have ever been held by those who have appreciated the true liberty of the child of God. The taxation of individuals for the support of the church, and the right of civil government to legislate on things pertaining to the church, were live issues when this government was making choice of its path and destiny as a nation. At that critical time the Baptists stood for complete religious liberty, and many of them have left a record of suffering as a monument of their devotion to these pre-cious principles. I quote a few of the arguments used : Š " Brethren, ye have been called unto liberty ; only use not liberty for an occa-sion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.' Gal. 5 : 13. As contentions about religious liberty have caused much difficulty among ourselves, whereby our enemies hoped to have got advantage against us, it may be of public benefit to lay open the prospect we now have of their being happily terminated. "The east parish in Attleboro [Mass.], supposing that our laws about worship were the same as formerly, taxed and made distress upon several persons, for the support of their worship, who did not attend thereon. " One of them thought proper to try how our laws now are in that respect ; and for that end sued their assessors be-fore a justice of the peace in Norton, Feb. 22, 1782 ; when and where he fully proved that he had usually attended pub- lic worship with the First Baptist Church in Attleboro, ever since May, 1780, and had communicated to its support to their satisfaction. Yet judgment was given against him, from which he appealed to  the county court at Taunton, and, it be-ing a matter of great importance to have points of law well defined and settled un-der our new constitution of government, both parties agreed to have the case tried by the honorable justices of the court ; namely, Walter Spooner, Thomas Dur- fee, Benjamin Williams, and William Baylies, Esqs. " The counsel for the appellant were the Hon. William Bradford and James Mitchell Varnum, Esquires; for the ap-pellees .was the Hon. Robert Treat Paine, Esq., attorney-general for the common-wealth. " The latter, when pleading for said parish, owned that religion must at all times be a matter between God and in-dividuals, and declared that he disclaimed all subordination of any one sect to an-other ; but pleaded that the certificates formerly required by law were not to-kens of subordination of one sect for another, but of subordination to the gov-ernment; and accused the Baptists of refusing to be subordinate to the gov-ernment [by refusing to pay a tax for the support of the church, which before their independence was imposed upon the colonies]. He also pleaded that the appellant was born in the second parish in Attleboro, was baptized there, and therefore was to all intents a member of that society; for that if he had cause to leave them, the law, reason, and even common civility, required that he should give them notice of it, which he had not done." This disclaimer, which is often heard in these days,Š that the desired laws are not in the interests of religion, but simply civil requirements, police regulations for the public good,Š is no new theory ; it is an old excuse to evade an evident intent. In answer to this appeal in behalf of civil regulations in religious differences, the appellant claimed " that religion was prior to all states and kingdoms in the 177 