22 LIBERTY what popular demand that Sunday, the first day of the week, shall be received by the people as a religious institution ! His many pronouncements and official utterances, all of which are a matter of public record, are unalterably in favor of the enforcement of Sunday as a religious institution. Very recently Governor Folk ordered State troops to St. Charles and to St. Louis County, to secure the enforcement of Sunday laws as they apply to the Sunday closing of saloons, and for " the suppression of disorder and vice," in spite of the opinion of the as-sistant attorney-general that he was without warrant of law in so doing, and that the regularly constituted authorities were competent to preserve the peace and secure public order. Surely it will be noted by the candid, that no such stren-uous effort is required, or put forth, upon days of the week other than Sunday to suppress " lawlessness, drunkenness, and crime ; " therefore it must be fully ap-parent that special laws and bayonets are depended upon to protect a religious day Š a religious institution ! To pro-tect the day rather than the individual, stringent laws are invoked, and often applied ! Judge Wallace, in Kansas City, has threatened the use of the State mi-litia to suppress and close Sunday thea-ters; he has discharged grand jurors who were unfavorable to his crusade, and replaced them with jurors of his own appointment, who were favorable to his plans,Š all of which is contrary to law according to the opinion of his district attorney, who refused to sign the indictments. In addition to all this, he has started millions to thinking upon the questions of civil and religious lib-erty incidentally involved in the remark-able judicial course of the Kansas City Criminal Court. Multitudes are asking the question, What does it mean? Judge Wallace rendered assistance to Governor Folk in his public candidacy for the United States Senate, traveling with, and campaigning for, him. The public well understands that the two men think exactly alike upon the questions  that they are advocating; and that when necessity requires, they will act in per-fect concert in the final settlement of these questions. Governor Folk's whirl-wind campaign has been a most remark-able one. He has probably broken all previous records by making nearly three hundred speeches, meeting three hundred thousand people, and traveling twenty-five thousand miles since August i Šand in all his speeches " enforcement of law " has been the uppermost question discussed ; and by the term " enforce-ment of law," every candid person must understand the governor to mean chiefly Šand it is understood that he does mean ŠSunday closing, and the enforcement of sabbath laws as such! What the Campaign Stands For Nor can it be denied that to these two prominent public men, Sabbath observ-ance means the observance of Sunday by civil law, and temperance, strictly speak-ing, means the prohibition of the sale of intoxicating liquors on Sunday! No greater menace to the American republic, and to the harmonious relations of the American people, could be devised than the attempt of overzealous men , in this way to force Christianity, or any other religion, upon the nation, by incul-cating the idea that religious creeds and dogmas have a place in the law of the land. Nothing was further from the in-tention of the founders of the world's greatest nation. In the Constitution of the United States no reference is made to the Christian religion or any other. The founders of the republic, who designed and wrote the Constitution, were em-phatic in their purpose to separate church and state, though religious men them-selves. A Campaign of Retrogression After a most exhaustive and learned discussion, carried on for years in speeches and public prints, the able statesmen who laid the foundations of the republic broad and deep, rejected the determined efforts of Edwards and the other preachers of that day to incor-porate the Christian religion into the law 