GENERAL POST-OFFICE, WASHINGTON, D. C. LIBERTY 23 An Old Issue Revived Senate Orders Postmaster-General to Report on Sunday Work W. A. COLCORD THE question of closing the post-office on Sunday is still being urged upon Con- gress. The adverse report of the Senate Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads, on the bill " to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices in the handling of money-orders and registered let-ters " (Senate Bill 1153), during the last session of Congress, seems not to have dis-couraged those who a r e deter-mined to unite church and state in this country. On Jan. 9, 1907, Senator Burkett, of Nebraska, in-troduced the fol-lowing resolution into the Senate, which, by unani-mous consent, was immediately c o n-sidered and agreed to : Š "Resolved, That t h e Postmaster-General be directed to inform the Sen-ate by what au-thority post-offices are required to be kept open on Sun-day, together with the regulations of Sunday opening, as to the extent of the business that may be transacted, and also what the provisions are for clerical help, and whether postal clerks or carriers are required to work more than six days per week." No one can question the right of Con-gress or of any member of Congress to inquire into the conduct of any department of the government. But the nature of this resolution leaves little doubt as to its or-igin or object. Not only does it require the Postmaster-General to make the matter of the Sunday opening of post-offices the subject of a special report to the Senate,  but it virtually challenges him to defend the practise, and its phraseology would seem to imply that what is being done in this respect is being done without proper au-thority. That this resolution is inspired from the same source as the bill " to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices," already alluded to, which for years has been one of the " moral measures " of Mr. W. F. Crafts' In-ternational Reform Bureau, may be in-ferred from the fact that the Sen-ator w h o intro-duced it, if not actually identified with, is in close sympathetic rela-tions w i t h, the church - and - state element repre-sented by Mr. Crafts and h i s " Christian lobby." The Senator was a speaker at a " Christmas Chau-tauqua of Re-forms " held by this element in Pittsburg, Pa., Dec. 16-23, 1906, as well as at a " Reform Bureau Institute " p r e- sided over by Mr. Crafts, and held at the headquarters of t h e International Reform Bureau, in Washington, from December 10-14, and from which those in attendance proceeded directly to the Pitts-burg Convention. There can be little doubt, therefore, as to the source or real authorship of the reso- lution. His former bill having been turned down, with unabashed persistence Mr. Crafts seeks to get the thin edge of his church-and-state wedge started in a little different way. Without delay, January 14, Mr. Cortel-you, the Postmaster-General, rendered his report, citing section 3839, Revised Statutes, which provides that " every postmaster shall keep an office in which one or more persons shall be on duty such hours each day as the 