16  LIBERTY smallpox, but because if he does contract it, he will be a source of contamination, and en-danger the lives of others. But Sunday labor is not infectious. It endangers the civil rights of no one. It is no more uncivil to work on Sunday than on Wednesday. But who knows for sure that Sunday labor is detrimental to health! It is comparatively easy to make a chart, indicating the deteriora-tion of those who work on Sunday instead of loafing, but what are the facts/ Take clergy-men for instance. Many of these work during the week at the most taxing brain labor, and then on Sunday preach twice; and if they rise to the occasion, when they retire Sunday night they are weary. But what wearied them? Why, Suntlay work, of course. But they are not  noted as a class as being the most short-lived mortals because they work on Sunday. Take doctors also. They are at the call of everybody seven days in the week; night or day they must go, and in all kinds of weather, yet they live about as long as other men. But notwithstand-ing, we are told that Sunday work is exceed-ingly detrimental to longevity. Farmers, per-haps, observe the day of rest as well as any class, but they are not noted as living longer than men in other occupations. Legislation regarding the observance of a day of rest is a matter that does not belong to the state. It is a question between the in-dividual and God, and men's conscientious con-victions should not be interfered with by the legislative tinkers. Guard Against Religious Legislation By G. B. Thompson AT this time when much special legislation is necessary, it would not be surprising to see some religious combination come forward, as in the past, asking Congress to make some regulations in reference to the ob-servance of Sunday. But Sunday is a religious institution, and its observance is religious, not civil. It is well to constantly keep in mind the memorable words of the able statesman who reported adversely to the Senate of the United States on a Sunday bill in 1829: " If the principle is once established that _religion, or religious observances, shall be inter-woven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Christian ministers, if we believe such measures will pro-mote the interests of Christianity." To be sure, we should follow it to its ulti-matum. There is no good reason why we should legislate about one religious institution and not about others. There is no more reason why we should 'enforce by law the observance of the Lord's day than the Lord's Prayer. If we are going to fine and imprison those who do not keep Sunday according to our notion, then we should see to it that everybody says the Lord's Prayer. Of course it seems shocking to the ordinary mortal to think of praying with a policeman's baton over him, ordering him to pray; but it is no more ridiculous than keeping a Sabbath under similar circumstances. Then there is the Lord's baptism. Why not enforce that/ Why allow so many to go around paying no attention to this holy rite! Why not get a bill through Congress compelling rec-ognition of this ordinance Ñ yes, as the Sunday  Mail Report said, " pursue it to its ultima-tum "1 How do you think it would look, in this land of the free and the home of the brave, where there is a new order of things, aild church and state is supposed to be eternally divorced, to see Congress settling by vote the mode of bap-tism? How would it look for a man who is not a Christian, perhaps is an Israelite, to speak to the question, and by vote fix the right mode for the whole country? " 0," you say, " this would be most shocking indeed! " Exactly! But it is no more shock-ing or out of place than for Congress to settle which day is the Sabbath and the proper man-ner of its observance. There is no more agree-ment as to which day is the Sabbath than as to which is the proper mode of baptism. Both are religious questions, with which the state has nothing whatever to do. They are questions which must be settled between the individual and his God. Let us keep the church and the state separate. The union of the two has been the scourge of some of the fairest portions of the Old World. The union of church and state in this land will kindle the fires of persecution, and extinguish the torch of liberty. Let it not be done. RELIGION is the only force in the world that I have ever heard of that does actually trans-form the life; and the proof of transformation is to be found all over the world, and is multi-plied and repeated as Christianity gains fresh territory in the heathen world.Ñ Woodrow Wil-8011, 