EDITORIAL WHAT the sinning world needs is not more law, but more love ; not an austere judge, but an ardent Lover. tV !V !V CHRISTIANITY and Churchianity are two distinct systems, and in many in-stances are not in harmony with each other. Christianity rests upon Christ and his Word, but Churchianity often rests upon the mere assumptions of men. PI !V !V HE is not truly free from bondage who manages to escape the dominion of the civil law ; but we are told, " If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." Soul freedom from the dominion of the law of sin and death is Christian liberty. of Au. religious obligations, according to the divine plan, rest upon faith rather than force. He who seeks to legislate into civil law any one of God's divine institutions perverts the teachings of Christ. God does not want a single sub-ject in his kingdom who does not choose to be there of his own free will. En-forced religion does not add one individ-ual to the kingdom of heaven, nor does it help the individual, beyond making it easier for him to act the part of a hypo-crite. tic TrIERE are some good and earnest peo-ple who lament that our Constitution contains no express recognition of the Christian religion, and there exists an or-ganization which wishes to bring about a suitable amendment to the Constitu-tion. While we respect the conviction of these good people, yet, according to our opinion, it is much to be doubted 124  whether this agitation is healthy, or, if it should be successful, whether the de-sired results would appear.Š Der Christ-fiche A pologete, Cincinnati. June 25. f913. ftt .01 fig ACCORDING to the Scriptures we are not saved en masse, but as individuals. Each person must stand alone before God, and give account of his own con-duct. The divine commission is to preach and teach the gospel to every creature Š to the individual. It is per-sonal effort for individual souls that counts. It is one or none. A mistaken idea prevails among many that the state can legislate people en masse into the kingdom of God by making a legal na-tional acknowledgment of Christianity. It is true that at the last day we are all to be delivered en masse, but it must be remembered that this vast multitude gathered together out of all nations and ages were saved one by one, separately, as the Lord took out of each nation a people for his name. Mt IV !V GOD has never endowed any one with sufficient wisdom to think and speak for all others. Superior education and tal-ents should lead us to pity and forbear-ance instead of creating in us a desire to push our weaker brother against the wall. He who seems to be greatest should make himself servant of all in-stead of lord over all. To exercise our strength and authority over others in an arbitrary manner simply because we may have power is, in truth, tyrannical. God's greatness consists chiefly in his forbearance toward his enemies. For six thousand years he has suffered Satan to malign his character and hinder his plans without bringing him to judgment. 