6 LIBERTY in the above quotation. He further states that in his opinion the commissioners have power to pass a regulation along the line indicated, whose violation would mean the revoking of the license of the playhouse in which the violation occurred. The pur-pose of these regulations Š as of all Sun-day laws Š will be to protect and enforce a religious institution rather than to pro-tect the public from indecent shows. William Lloyd Garrison's Protest IN 1848 a call was issued by William Lloyd Garrison and a number of his asso- ciates " To the Friends of Civil and Re-ligious Liberty " for a convention to be held in Boston, Mass. The probable cause of this movement was the activity of an or-ganization known as the " American and Foreign Sabbath Union," which had been urging enforcement of Sunday observance. Some truths which ought to be self-evi-dent to all were stated in the call for this convention, and they are well worth read-ing now in view of the present tendency toward religious legislation in the form of Sunday laws. We quote two paragraphs : Š The right of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science is inherent, unalienable, self-evident. Yet it is notorious that in all the States, except Louisiana, there are laws enforcing the religious observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath, and punishing as criminals such as attempt to pursue their usual avocations on that day. . . . There is, therefore, no liberty of conscience allowed the people of this country, under the laws thereof, in regard to the observance of a Sabbath day. We claim for ourselves and for all man-kind the right to worship God according to the dictates of our own consciences. This right, inherent and unalienable, is cloven down in the United States, and we call upon all who desire to preserve civil and relig-ious liberty to rally for its rescue. In the convention, Garrison introduced a series of resolutions and made a notable speech in their support. The resolutions and a portion of the speech follow : Š The 9esolations 1. Resolved, That they who are for sub-jecting to fine or imprisonment such as  do not receive their interpretation of the Scriptures in regard to the observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath, are actuated by a mistaken or malevolent spirit, which is utterly at variance with the spirit of Christ,Š which in various ages has resorted to the dungeon, the rack, the gallows, and the stake, for the accomplish-ment of its purpose,Š and which ought to be boldly confronted and rebuked. 2. Resolved, That the penal enactments of the State legislature compelling the ob-servance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath are despotic, unconstitutional, and ought to be immediately abrogated; and that the interference of the State, in matters of religious faith and ceremonies, is a usurpation which can not be justified. 3. Resolved, That as conflicting views prevail in the community, which are cher-ished with equal sincerity, respecting the holiness of days, and as it is the right of every class of citizens to be protected in the enjoyment of their religious sentiments on this and every other subject pertaining to the worship of God; all classes should be united in demanding a repeal of the enact-ments alluded to, on the ground of impartial justice and Christian charity. 4. Resolved, That this convention recom-mends to all the friends of religious liberty throughout the country the presentation of petitions to the next legislature, in every State in which such laws exist, and pro-testing against their enactment as an unhal-lowed union of church and state. 5. Resolved, That if the legislature may rightfully determine the day on which peo-ple shall abstain from labor for religious purposes, it may also determine the place in which they shall assemble, the rites and ordinances which they shall observe, the doctrines whom they shall hear, the teach-ers which they shall have over them, and the peculiar faith which they shall em-brace; and thus entirely subvert civil and religious freedom, and enable bigotry and superstition, as of old, to Š " Go to their bloody rites again,Š bring back The hall of horrors and the assessor's pen,Š Recording answers shrieked upon the rack,Š Smile o'er the gaspings of spine-broken men, And perpetrate damnation in their den ! " 6. Resolved, That as it has been found safe, politic, and beneficial to allow people to decide for themselves in all other relig-ious observances, there is no reason to doubt that the same good results would attend 