Copyright tool, Harris and Ewing, Washington, D. L. CHAS. H. ROBB, OF THE D. C. COURT OF APPEALS LIBERTY 11 of baseball on Sunday. It involves the whole question of the enforcement of re-ligious ordinances by civil law. It in-volves the question of whether legisla-tors have a right under our form of government to make the religious cus-toms of some of the people obligatory upon all the people under force of civil penalty. Cites Roman Law as Precedent The length of the decision precludes the possibility of re-producing it here. The de-cision refers to the Sunday legislation of Constantine, em-peror of Rome (A. D. 321), and to the early Sunday laws of England, to show the con= sistency of such legislation and precedents therefor. But the justice takes no account of the fact that those govern-ments were church-and-state governments ; that those gov-ernments were founded upon the principle of state domi-nance over religious affairs and church dominance over civil affairs, whereas our national government and all our State governments were founded upon a principle dia-metrically opposed to that,Šthe principle of the entire separation of the church from control in civil and political affairs, and the entire sepa-ration of the government from control in religious affairs. Therefore the justice's reference to those laws is without justi-fication. Those laws cannot justly be cited as precedents in such cases, because our government rests upon a basis entirely different from the basis upon which those governments were founded. In the days of Constantine religion was a department of state, and he was consistent with his governmental system in enforcing religious customs or ordi- nances by law. Conditions were similar in England, and are to this day. The English were consistent with their gov-ernmental system in legislating upon re-ligious things. But when the American government, the American State, and the American municipality legislate upon re- ligious things, they are entirely incon-sistent with the American governmental system. While ancient Rome and Eng-land were wrong, even though consist-ent, Americans, in legislating upon reli-gious things, are both wrong and incon-sistent. Upon this very point the supreme court of North Carolina, in reversing the decisions of the lower courts, to the effect that " a contract made on the Lord's Day was invalid, in that Chris-tianity is a part of the law of the land, and hence independent of any statute," said : Š 