Old Statehouse, Boston LIBERTY  121 According to Mrs. Morse Earle's his-tory, entitled " The Sabbath in Puritan New England," one of the leadirig char-acters in the enforcement of the Puritan Sunday " was the tithingman,' . . . who entered private houses to assure him-self that no one stayed at home on the Sabbath,' and hustled up any loiterers. . . . He was empowered to stop all Sunday work." In fact, the tithingman was always busy on Sunday doing sleuth work, spying out other people's liberties, and haling them before t h e civil magistrate for neg-1 e c t of religious duties on Sunday. Mrs. Earle shows the absurd length to which Sunday laws were carried. In 1670 " two lov-ers, John Lewis and Sarah Chap-man, were accused and tried for sit-ting together on the Lord's day un-der an apple tree in Goodman Chap-man's orchard.' " " A Dunstable sol-dier, for wetting a piece of old hat to put in his shoe' to protect his foot Ñ for doing this heavy work on the Lord's day, was fined, and paid forty shillings." " Cap-tain Kemble, of Boston, was in 1656 set for two hours in the public stocks, for his ' lewd and unseemly behavior,' which consisted in kissing his wife publicquely' on the Sabbath day, upon the doorstep of his house," on his return from a three years' voyage. An English sea captain was " soundly whipped " for a like of-fense. A man who had fallen into the water and absented himself from church to dry his only suit of clothes, was found guilty and " publicly whipped." Smok-ing on Sunday was forbidden. To stay  away from church meant cumulative mulct. A severe flogging was inflicted on a man who dared say he was not profited by a certain preacher's discourse. To criticize a sermon or the conduct of a minister meant church discipline and a heavy fine. And yet the most of these preachers were a very intemperate set. Even their ordination services were scenes of unseemly revelry. Probably the most absurd Sunday law was found upon the Connecticut statute books. It prohib-ited a ",mother " from " kissing her child on the Sab-bath' day." Other equally foolish laws prohibited the peo-ple from walking, driving, or riding horseback on Sun-day unless they went to church or to the cemetery. The following ex-cerpts, taken from the blue laws of the Plymouth Col-ony, Mass., a n d from the Connecti-cut statutes begin-ning 1636, en-forced by the civil magistrate, will be of interest to the liberty-loving American of the twentieth century : " Whosoever shall profane the Lord's day by doing unnecessary servile work, by unnecessary traveling or by sports and recreations, he or they that so transgress shall forfeit for every such default 40 shillings or be publicly whipped; but if it clearly appear that sin be proudly, presumptuously, and with a high hand com-mitted against the known command and author-ity of the Blessed God, such a person therein despising and reproaching the Lord, shall be put to death or grievously punished at the judgment of the court." " If any man or woman be a witch, or con-sulteth with a familiar spirit, they shall be put to death." " May 11, 1676: If any person henceforth either on Saturday night or on the Lord's day 