LIBERTY 3 a divine institution by human law is to mingle the sacred and the secular in the service 3f God, and to accuse heaven of incompetency in the administration of its own affairs. There is no place in the code of France for the laws of England. Neither is there any place in the code of heaven for the laws passed by any gov-ernment of this world. To legislate upon heaven's requirements is entirely outside the prerogatives of man. An Embargo on the Souls of Men A FEW days ago a Presbyterian pastor of Washington, D. C., Rev. Donald C. MacLeod, invited the members of the Central Labor Union to attend the Sun-day evening services in his church. When the invitation was read at a meet-ing of the union, the secretary of that organization made the following dec-laration : Š I believe in consistency. If the min-isters of this town want union men to be numbered among their auditors, they should do something to show them that they appreciate union principles. The minister in question, to my own personal knowledge, patronizes a non-union bar-ber shop. In the future let him go to a barber shop in whose windows are dis-played union cards. The president of the labor organiza-tion then appointed the secretary a com-mittee of one to call upon the minister and ask that in the future he patronize only union barbers. If this demand were considered legitimate and were yielded to, it would open the way for another, to the effect that if the union is to accept the invitation of the pastor, no similar invitation should ever be ex-tended non-union barbers. This attempt to use the services of the house of God as a weapon for the accomplishment of secular designs is an inexcusable sacri-lege. No minister of the gospel of  Christ has ever been given divine au-thority for distinguishing between classes of men, or for advancing the interests of one class by sacrificing the interests of another. No human power has a right to place an embargo upon the souls of men that they may thereby enhance their own temporal interests and purposes. The individual who can coldly declare, I will not attend your church if you do not patronize my shop exclusively, sees nothing involved but an exchange of commodities. The gospel of Jesus Christ, the good news of the everlasting kingdom, can not be given to the world upon such a materialistic basis. The question as to whether an individual will forsake sin, surrender to Jesus Christ, accept of and receive eternal life, is en-tirely separated from any consideration of barter and sale, material exchanges, or membership in any human organiza- tion whatsoever. c. M. S. Christian Citizenship " CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP " iS the name of a movement inaugurated during recent years which has for its object the regeneration of society by means of " Christian laws," made and adminis-tered by " Christian men." It aims at purifying politics and converting the na-tion by these means, rather than at preaching the gospel to the people and saving men individually. The key-note of this movement was struck at the annual meeting of the Na-tional Reform Association, held at Alle-gheny, Pa., a few years ago, by Rev. H. H. George, its secretary, in the fol-lowing words : Š I never will say a word disparagingly of evangelistic work. But I do think the church is making a mistake in so confi-ning herself to that work, as if the pros-pect of saving the soul was the great end. The tremendous power of the govern- 