LIBERTY 21 Naturally they developed into able poli-ticians, and became adept in all the trickery and circumlocution of politics. Boodlers, grafters, gangsters, ward heel-ers, race-track touts, gamblers, white slavers, brewers, and other similar gentry had long been familiar sights in the po-litical life of the nation. Now they were joined by the preacher. And they all joined in the old, old game of fooling the public by cloaking their real intentions under a pretense of real devotion to the public welfare. So they put forth the plea that Sunday laws were needed, not at all for the church, but for the state. The state was going to perdition, and the way to save it was to protect the Sunday institution. Sunday, they found, was the bulwark of the nation. It must be protected by law, or the nation would go down in ruin. And the way to protect it was to prohibit every one from doing anything on that day except those things which the preach-ers thought they ought to do. Business must be prohibited, labor must be pro-hibited, pleasure and amusements must be prohibited, sport must be prohibited, secular education must be prohibited, travel must be prohibited. The only thing left to do on Sunday was to go to church. Exactly. And thus we are brought back to the true motive in all Sunday law advocacy ; namely, to compel the people to be reli-gious, or at least to act as if they were religious. But this real motive is carefully hidden by those who thus seek to force their opinions upon all others. To reveal their true purpose would be to defeat their in-iquitous designs; therefore they hide their real object from the sight of men by iterating and reiterating their interest in the welfare of the state, and their af-fection for the " civil sabbath." The cut-tlefish does not monopolize the art of concealing its true position by a copious emission of ink. There is no such thing as a " civil sab-bath." The Sabbath is a religious insti-tution. The Sunday institution is reli- gious. It originated in a union of church and state. The demand for its observ-ance comes from religious people, mostly preachers. Its nonobservance is deplored because it lessens attendance at church. Laws requiring its observance prohibit civil things,Š labor, business, sports, amusements, travel, and the opening of public museums, libraries, art galleries,Šbut permit and encourage religious things. They are laws in the interest of a reli-gious institution. The true purpose of Sunday -legislation and Sunday law enforcement is clearly and honestly stated thus " Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers."Š Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D., Homiletic Review, Novem-ber, 1892. That is honest. There is no attempt here to hide the true motive. We invite all other Sunday law advocates now to be as honest in stating their motives, and to abandon all reference to that pious fraud, " the civil sabbath." A Dangerous Bill BILL H. R. 8348, for the District of Columbia, which passed the House last spring, is a vicious and exceedingly dan-gerous measure, and should never be ac-cepted by the Senate in its original form. nor in any form approximating thereto. This bill, after passing the House, was so amended by the Senate as to eliminate its worst features and render it fairly acceptable to fair-minded people. But a persistent effort is being made to create a strong sentiment in favor of its final passage in practically its original form. Every true American should use his le-gitimate influence to the utmost to insure the passage of the bill as amended by the Senate, or not at all. And this is espe-cially important since it is openly stated by the friends of the measure that the expectation is that when this bill becomes a law in the District of Columbia, it will then be taken as a model for similar laws in all the States of the Union. 