142 LIBERTY Sunday Legislation and Sabbath Observance D. H. KRESS, M. D. ALL Sunday legislation is based upon a wrong conception of what Sabbath ob- servance is. The Sabbath was never in-tended to be merely a day of physical rest or idleness. Idleness is a curse on any day of the week, for the devil always finds something for idle hands and minds to do. The day upon which the most people are i d 1 e is the day upon which the most sin is com-mitted, as a rule. The day is usu-ally given to ex-cesses in eating and drinking and in gratify-ing the baser passions. To compel m e n to r e s t, or to en-force idleness, is therefore not a blessing to mankind ; it is a hindrance rath-er than a help to the cause of Christianity. Some years ago, a patient of mine w h o had in his employ a great number of men building railroads, said to me, " I find it necessary to employ my men seven days of the week." I inquired why this was so, to which he replied, " If I give them a day off, they get drunk, and many of them cannot work the next day, and some are of very little use the rest of the week." This led me to investigate more fully the real purpose of the Sabbath day. The Sabbath law demands that six days we shall labor and do our own work. On the Sabbath day our work should cease. This does not mean that men should be idle upon that day. While they should cease from their work, they should actively engage in the work of blessing the unfortunate and the needy. It is possible to rest on the Sabbath and be a Sab-bath desecrator; and on the other hand, it is pos-sible to work hard upon that day in ways God has pointed out and yet be a true Sabbath keeper. The time to rest is during the hours of sleep. It is then that the depleted energy is to be replenished. He who observes a proper period of rest in each twenty-f our hours of the day, will not feel the need of one day in seven for physical rest ; and he who en-ters upon the Sabbath day physically or mentally ex-hausted is in no condition to keep the Sab-bath day holy. The controversy which existed be-tween Jesus and the Jews was not ill re-gard to which day was " the Sabbath of the Lord," for all were agreed concern-ing this; it was regarding the proper observance of the day. The Jews spent the day in the home and the synagogue. They demanded of every one else that the day be kept as, a The Twin Ballots ALONG in November, when chill was the weather, Two ballots were cast in a box together ; They nestled up close like brother to brother, You couldn't tell one of the votes from the other. CHORUS : They were both rum votes, And sanctioned the license plan ; The one cast by a jolly old brewer, And one by a Sunday school man. The Sunday school man Š no man could be truer Š Kept busy all summer denouncing the brewer ; But his fervor cooled off with the change of the weather, And late in the autumn they voted together. The Sunday school man had always been noted For fighting saloons, except when he voted. He piled up his prayers with a holy perfection, But knocked them all down on the day of election. The foxy old brewer was cheerful and melt low. Said he: "I admire that Sunday school fellow; He's, true to his church, to his party he's truer; He talks for the Lord, but he votes for the brewer." Š Selected. 