34 LIBERTY pelled to work on Sunday," but as there was no such thing as compulsion along that line anyway, the very terms of the bill readily enough wrought its undoing, especially when in committee subjected to the search-light of examination by those who stood for the principles of Christian libetty. But now came a more important and serious thing. Senator Frye, of Maine, came forward with that legislative de-sideratum of Sunday-law advocates --" God in the Constitution." That was in the second session of the Fifty-third Congress, which sat from Dec. 4, 1893, to Aug. 23, 1894. Strangely enough, notwithstanding the victory with which the agitators were flushed over their exposition contest, thus, as it might be feared, opening the flood-gates for an inrush of religious legislation, nothing came of this God-in-the-Constitution effort, as it secured no committee report to the House. The simple titles of the bills that have, since that date, been introduced into Congress, designed to enforce some phase of religion by law, would cover pages in the simple recital. It is very interest-ing to the lover of religious liberty, but probably would not best consume our space in an elaboration. There is still another class of bills that have been of frequent recurrence during the last two decades in the national halls of legislation, whose important nature will be suggested by their titles. Here are two or three samples : "An amend-ment to the Constitution prohibiting sec-tarian legislation ; " `-` Prohibiting legis-lation establishing religion or interfering with the free exercise thereof." Such bills have of late years been repeatedly introduced ; but, important and needed as they are, they have never been able to get beyond committee reference. Another thing, perhaps worth time and space to mention, is the fact that Congress is on record as having legis-lated one " open " Sunday in the Dis-trict of Columbia. In the third session of the Fifty-eighth Congress a bill was  introduced " to allow business houses in the District of Columbia to remain open on Sunday, March 5, 1905." This passed both houses readily enough, and one has to take but the second thought to see the object, though the only instance in our history ; it was " inauguration-time " Sunday. Takoma Park, D. C. The Foundation of Liberty L. A. SMITH RELIGIOUS freedom, like every other boon which mankind enjoys, is a gift.  from God. Apart from him, it would rest on no enduring foundation. The atheist may champion the cause of re-ligious liberty, but his philosophy will be searched in vain for any teaching which justifies the doctrine of inviolable individual rights. The signers of the Declaration of In-dependence Š the men who founded this nation Š understood this truth, and in justifying the separation from Great Britain based their appeal in behalf of their rights, upon the relationship of man to his Creator. " All men," said they, " are created equal," and " are en-dowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights." Take out the doctrine of man's crea-tion by a Supreme Being, and the doc-trine of man's inalienable rights is lost, and the whole foundation of the Decla-ration of Independence is swept away. Over against the doctrine of invio-lable individual rights, asserted in the Declaration, is set up the doctrine of " the greatest good to the greatest number," which means the sacrifice of individual interests, however sacred, when it is considered that the good of the majority demands it. This doctrine. though much advocated by church-mem-bers, is not Christian at all, but wholly atheistic. If there were no God, and men sus-tained no relationship save to each other, it would only remain for them to settle 