18 (zo68) LIBERTY lation is the same to-day as in the fourth century. Like causes still produce like results. Human nature has not changed. If statesmen are justly the guardians of the faith of the citizens of the state, then the persecutions of the dark ages were justifiable, and the statesmen of France were justified in legislating against the worship and service of any god in that state except the goddess of reason. At that time infidelity was the faith of the statesmen. Why should they not enforce their faith if that is the duty of men who hold official positions as members of parliament ? Every sane man must see the inconsistency of such a theory. The theory that we are at liberty to compel others to accept our faith is the logical result of the theory that Sunday legislation is legitimate civi' legislation. That step taken, and the rest follows ; and parliament finds itself committed to a policy of legislation which compels it to accept dictation from churchmen as to further acts of parliament. It was so from the fourth century forward, and it will be so in our time. Pernicious Results The spirit to dictate to others in mat-ters of religion has often brutalized the kindliest natures. Men of genius are as susceptible to this weakness as the more ignorant and depraved. St. Francis Xavier was a man of evident personal piety, yet he was the man mostly respon-sible for 'the Spanish Inquisition. John Calvin was one of the most pro-found thinkers of his age, yet under the influence of the theory that he was re-sponsible for the faith of his fellow men, his otherwise fair name is linked with the most unreasonable persecution of Baptists. Milton, whose matchless intel-lect could conceive so vividly the glories of paradise lost, had no pity for the suf-ferings of the Irish. It was the theory that the government has the right to as-sume the responsibility of the faith of its subjects that corrupted these men, and filled their hearts with base passions. Therefore when bigotry reigns, the pub- lie offices are filled with the worst of men. Men who are true, men who can not be bribed nor induced to belie their profession, will not conform to a state-made creed. They will become martyrs before they will swerve from principle. Such men are forced from service, and banished or martyred as a sacrifice upon the altar of a state creed. The state was organized as a civil in-stitution, not a religious one. It is its legitimate work to deal with incivility and crime, but not with religion. Spur-geon, the great English clergyman, was right when he said: Š " As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, ' Hands off ! leave us alone! ' Your Sun-day bills, and all other forms of Act-of-Parliament religion, seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Caesar. I should be afraid to borrow help from government ; it would look to me as though I rested on an arm of flesh, in-stead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sab-bath ; but let it be by force of conviction, and not by force of policemen; let true re-ligion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, not by the power of fines and punishments." The Word of God in the hands of a godly clergyman, accompanied by the Holy Spirit, is a mighty argument to draw souls to Christ ; but the fagot and the rack will be as convincing an argu-ment in favor of Mohammedanism or infidelity as they are in favor of Chris-tianity. The only safety for both church and state lies in their total separation. WHEN any man has more privilege ac-corded him by law than his neighbor en-joys, that neighbor has been, by law, robbed of his natural and inalienable rights. That condition exists wherever Sunday laws are enforced upon those who observe another day. 