General Articles The Religious.State Idea in the French Revolution W. A. SPICER THE advocates of religious legislation continually urge their conception of the state as a moral being, bound to concern itself with the religious, as well as the civil, affairs of men. This theory was the dominating idea in the religion of the French Revolution. That terrible convulsion had its religious side, as well as its irreligious. In fact, this same moral-state conception was one of the leading influences that plunged French society into the reign of terror. Centuries of state-church despotism had prepared the way for the outbreak. The bishops in the early Gallican church who cheered Clovis on with his battle-ax against heresy had worthy successors in the later clergy. They made their church dependent on political power, thus un-consciously representing religion as a mere human contrivance, which, in the minds of.the people, stood for repression and injustice. The conditions not long before the revolution are thus described by Charles Mallet in his text-book : Š " The church still enjoyed political power. No one in France had a legal right to live outside its pale. It con-trolled the schools ; it kept the parish registers on which a man's title to his property and his name depended ; for the sake of Catholic truth it burned its adversaries ; and, through its censorship of the press, it silenced all assailing tongues." The natural reaction came in irreligion and unbelief. But it was not Voltaire's cynical skepticism, not irreligious phi-losophy, that most influenced those who led the way into the reign of terror. They were possessed by the conception of the state as a moral being, charged with regulating the religious conduct of men, and thought they were leading the  way toward a social millennium. Rous-seau's writings had captivated the pop-ular fancy. The " Cambridge Modern History " says of his teaching: Š " He asserts axiomatically that the state is a moral being capable of volition : that the golden rule of every legitimate, i. e., popular, government is to carry out the general will, which always tends to the well-being of the whole and of each part, and is always just Š for the voice of the people is in truth the voice of God." The way of the majority was the pre-scribed religion, enforced by civil law. The advocates of Sunday laws teach the same doctrine to-day. The claim is made that it is not as a religious obligation that Sunday observance is to be enforced, but merely as a civil or police regulation. This same civil theory of religion was thus set forth by Rousseau : Š " In religion, the sovereign body was entitled to impose a civil profession of faith, and to compel all its citizens, under penalties of banishment and death, to be-lieve in the existence of a beneficent God, in an immortal life, in the reward of the just and the chastisement of the wicked, in the obligation of the social compact and of the laws."Š Mallet. Perkins, in his " France under Louis XV," remarks : Š " The most fanatical of persecuting bishops would have been content with such a statement of the right to punish those who denied the faith. The belief required by Rousseau was different, but the means to secure its adoption the same. " The omnipotent state could dictate a fraternal religion, and punish the un-faithful, not, indeed, as impious, but as incapable of loving the law and unable to feel the affection they owed their asso-ciates." So they started in to bring a glorious millennium by legislative enactment. In- 