LIBERTY 17 ing at any trade or calling " " on a sab-bath day " shall " forfeit two dollars for each offense." But section 3800 reads :Š The forfeiture declared by the preced-ing section shall not be incurred by any person who conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as a Sabbath, and actually re-frains from all secular business and labor on that day, provided he does not compel an apprentice or servant, not of his be-lief, to do secular work or business on a Sunday, and does not on that day disturb any other person. Such a provision ought to guarantee any conscientious observer of the seventh day against molestation for doing ordi-nary labor on Sunday if there can be such guaranty where Sunday laws are in force ; but that it does not do so was very strikingly illustrated by the following in-cident, which occurred at Colonial Beach, Virginia, in October, 1910 : Mr. Eugene Ford, a Christian, an observer of the sev-enth-day Sabbath, was requested by his employer, an observer of Sunday, to do a small job of work for him on Sunday, October to. The work to be done was the repairing of some dredging machines which had been left with Mr. Ford's em-ployer for that purpose. The owners of the machines called for them on Sunday, and as it needed but little work to make the repairs complete, Mr. Ford's em-ployer requested him to do the work, not-withstanding that the day was Sunday. The work was soon finished, and the ma-chines were taken away. There were involved in the transaction the owners of the dredging machines, the driver of the dray, the employer, and Mr. Eugene Ford. All were nominal ob-servers of Sunday except the last named, who had conscientiously kept as a Sab-bath the previous day ; and, having done so, considered himself at liberty to exer-cise that right common to man, the right of six days' labor in each week. There was living in the place, how-ever, one whose ideas of liberty and jus-tice seem to have been tinctured with religious prejudice. This gentleman, though a professed observer of Sunday, had, according to the statements of his neighbors, during the summer season sold and delivered crab meat and gasoline on Sunday. Nevertheless, having learned that Mr. Ford had been working on Sun-day, and without having seen or heard the work done, he swore out a warrant for Mr. Ford's arrest for violation of the Sunday law. The latter was tried before the mayor of the town, and fined two dollars and costs. He refused to pay either fine or costs, and appealed to the county court. His employer, however, came forward and paid the fine, and the case was dismissed. It should be noted that, although there were several others involved in the same transaction, none were arrested save this observer of the seventh-day Sabbath; that the prosecutor himself had violated the law earlier in the season without any warrant of an exemption clause to cover his case ; that the mayor's knowledge of the amount of the fine to be imposed would argue his acquaintance with the law and its exemption for those who reg-ularly observe another day. More than this, the prosecutor admitted that he would not cause the arrest of any one for Sunday work except an observer of the seventh-day Sabbath. This demonstrates that where a religious law is upon the statute-books, there will not be lacking intolerant individuals who will invoke its provisions against the objects of their hatred or prejudice, and that, too, in spite of the plain provisions of the very law which they invoke. The liberty of the individual can not be guaranteed in any commonwealth where religion or relig-ious observances are made matters of law. 