18 LIBERTY in the affirmative. The probability lies more plainly in the other direction. And would the pupil, even supposing the teacher to have faithfully imparted a correct course of instruction, be em-powered thereby to live an upright life so as faithfully to discharge the obliga-tions of a good citizen? In other words, would the knowledge of God and of moral obligations supply the power to live in harmony therewith? Very plainly, there is no necessary sequence here. That " knowledge is power," is not to be asserted in the realm of relig-ion. Thus we see that the conclusion that upright lives will follow from the imparting of religious instruction in state schools, does not logically follow from the premises laid down, but rests upon assumption only. The Question in the Light of the Scriptures We must not overlook the testimony of the Bible on this subject. The Bible is the only infallible text-book of relig-ion, and it gives us a revelation of truth from the mind of Omniscience. In the Scripture we find a plain state-ment of truths which goes to the very foundation of this question. We find it stated there that " the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him : neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned." i Cor. 2: 14. Right at the start, therefore, we are met with the difficulty of imparting spiritual truth, which can only be spiritually dis-cerned, to pupils who have had no change of the natural heart. Such a difficulty is insuperable. The only true religion is Christianity ; and Christianity is a system of spiritual truth. It must be spiritually discerned. But no one has spiritual discernment  who has not experienced the new birth. To the natural heart, Christian-ity is foolishness. Is it desirable, then, that we should have the truths of the Spirit of God set forth in the schools, to appear as foolishness to the pupils who receive the instruction? Such will be the case, according to the Scripture, if the teaching given is really Christian truth. If it is not Christian truth, it is religious error, and therefore only ca-pable of doing harm instead of good. And further, we find that the only divinely authorized teacher of spiritual truth is the Holy Spirit. He is the guide for all into all truth. So it is stated in John 14: 26 and 16: 13. So, then, when the Holy Spirit comes to be at the command of the state for the teaching of religion in the schools, then and then only will it be possible for state teaching of religion to become reliable and effective for the development of up-right character. Religion can be taught by the state, certainly. It has been so taught in mangyŁ lands. But not the Christian religion. The state never has taught and never can teach Christianity. Christian truth can not be settled by majority vote; nor can the state provide the avenues through which the Holy Spirit, the di-vine Guide into all spiritual truth, shall operate to illuminate the mind of the Bible student. Nor, as before stated, can this divine Guide illuminate any mind that has not first yielded to the Spirit as a reprover of sin. The whole history of state teaching of religion, so far from proving its ef-ficacy for the salvation of society, leads rather to the conclusion that such a sys-tem is destructive of the higher inter-ests of both church and state. Nashville, Tenn. 