30 LIBERTY The Institution or the Man M. C. WILCOX THE government which regards the rights of its subjects will not exalt insti-tutions above men, but men above insti-tutions. The institution may be, honored if men will, but its observance will never be compulsory ; not only this, but a just government will not subject the individ-ual man to the arbitrary demand of the many. Man surrenders no inalienable right to society or to government. If the government be a just government, it conserves and guards the right of each one, and protects each one in his rights ; and when each person is protected in his rights, all are protected in their rights. As long as each man is protected in his rights, so long can no person or class suffer from the infringement of their rights. That which should be protected, therefore, in a just and permanent gov-ernment is the individual man and his inalienable rights, whether he be Jew or Christian, infidel or believer, Roman Catholic or Protestant. For only in the conservation of the rights of the individual are the rights of all conserved. A Century's Retrospect of Relig-ious Liberty Work' FRANKLIN BLISS A CENTURY carries us back to an ex-ceedingly interesting period in Amer-ican history as it stands related to efforts for the maintenance of religious liberty. It succeeds the stirring years closing the eighteenth century, during which many things were secured and settled by the people of this favored republic. The " disestablishment of the church in America," which began with the Decla-ration of Independence, was completed in next to the last decade of that cen-tury, through the heroic efforts of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and others. From that time on for a guar- Read at the late religious liberty institute at South Lancaster, Mass. ter of a century the usually perennial agitation for a return to the conditions of colonial intolerance had been quite quiescent; but lovers of Sunday sacred-ness were aroused anew by an act in Congress, April 3o, 181o, which directed that every post-office receiving daily mail should deliver a daily mail. This brought to Congress floods of petitions against such profanation of the " holy day," notwithstanding the Postmaster-General had been sufficiently sympa-thetic with the popular demand to rule that post-offices need on Sunday deliver for but one hour, and that hour to be kept clear of the church-service time Šthough the department doubted its hav-ing the right under the terms of the act to deny any citizen the privilege of ob-taining mail at any time of any day. On Jan. 3, 1812, Chairman Rhea of the House Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads, submitted to Congress a re-port adverse to the demands of those who were insisting on Sunday closing of the post-offices, which report met the approval of Congress and was adopted. Though threats of war with England were everywhere ominous at the time of this renewal of religious-legislation activity, and the necessity for prompt delivery of mail every day was con-stantly increasing, yet these agitators continued to press Congress for com-pliance with their demands. This drew out another adverse report from the same congressional committee on June 15, which, like the former, was adopted. During the entire progress of the war this agitation continued unabated, and early in 1815 both houses of Congress and the Postmaster-General felt com-pelled to take no uncertain stand against these petitioners and memorialists. This put something of a quietus upon this type of activity for a decade. During that time of quiet, from 1815 to 1825, the literature and history of this subject were enriched by a brilliant and weighty series of contributions from Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, John Quincy Adams, Edward Livingston, 