Contributed Articles The Rulers of this World B. G. WILKINSON, PH. D. As the change in man's relation to man after the flood involved the origin of civil government, that change is worthy of our attention. When Noah left the ark, in recogni-tion of God's preservation he raised an altar and offered a sacrifice. This was a great change from what the true be-lievers had done before the flood. That catastrophe obliged men henceforth to carry their altar with them. When Cain killed Abel, sentence had been pronounced, not by a jury nor an assembly of men, but by Jehovah him-self. In other words, God himself was Judge, Ruler, and Executive. In the case of Cain, for instance, it was a ques-tion of the highest order Š that of life itself. And as the lesser is always in-cluded in the greater, it is clear that when God pronounced the sentence in this criminal case, he also retained the power to declare the decision in civil cases. But the altar was no longer at the garden of Eden, it was henceforth sur-rendered to the children of men, to be erected in their midst wherever they should be found. But what was to be done with the decisions formerly ren-dered by the Creator? Had they dis-appeared never to return? Were they to follow the altar ; or did God make pro-vision for this point? Let us hear what arrangement God had for future cases which would demand ,such decisions. " And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, . . . At the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man. Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed : for in the image of God made he man." When Cain killed Abel, the blood of the former was not to be shed by man. On the contrary, God had said, " Who-soever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold." From the time of the flood onward, that was not to be so. At the gate of the garden of Eden, God had offered man the chance of having a divine government upon earth. But men refused to come; there-fore before the flood, anarchy prevailed. So, as any government is better than no government, God, after the flood, passed the rule of man over into the hands of man. Every man's brother was to be-come the protector of the life of every man; and not his protector only, but also his punisher. Therefore, when God or-dained men to be the protectors and reg-ulators of the relations of life, he placed them in charge over man's highest earthly possession. Inasmuch as he or-dained men to have final decision over man's greatest possession, he, therefore, called him to rule over man's lesser and least possession. Or, in ordaining a hu-man government over the great relations of life, he also ordained the same over .the lesser civil affairs. That was the Old Testament doctrine. It is also the doctrine of the New Tes-tament. " The powers that be," said the apostle Paul, " are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God. . . . For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." Rom. 13: 1-3. Out of this present evil world, as Paul names it, God ordained that there should come forth rulers. For what purpose ? Just as the conscience within, telling of fu-ture judgment for or against, was there with its terror of final retribution for evil done; so rulers were provided for now to be a terror to evil works. But for the comfort of all, Paul drops here another great truth. " Rulers are not [were not to be] a terror to good works." When, therefore, a potentate of this earth becomes a terror to good works or to the workers of good, are they such rulers as God ordained? Š As-suredly not. Yet some narrow-minded chauvinists go so far in their misguided patriotism as to say that all rulers must be obeyed whether they decree good laws 