76 LIBERTY the United States, it is provided that plural marriages shall not be allowed. Can a man excuse his practise to the con-trary because of religious beliefs? "-229 Pa., 132. Personal liberty Š in dress as in other matters Š is of course to be recognized. But this does not mean it is absolute and to be utterly devoid of restraint. In a conflict, inevitable at times, with the public welfare, the public welfare is par-amount. As the New York court said:Š " As to the reasonableness of the regu-lation prohibiting the use of a distinctive religious garb by teachers in the common schools, some other considerations may be mentioned. It must be conceded that some control over the habiliments of teachers is essential to the proper con-duct of such schools. Thus, grotesque vagaries in costume could not be per-mitted without being destructive of good order and discipline. So, also, it would be manifestly proper to prohibit the wearing of badges calculated on particu-lar occasions to constitute cause of of-fense to a considerable number of pupils, as, for example, the display of orange ribbons in a public school in a Roman Catholic community on the twelfth of July." What has been said ought to be enough to close the discussion. Indeed, there does not seem to be any serious denial entered of the general principle. The only argument advanced against the is-suance of the order seems to be that by reason of certain facts in the history of the relation between the government and certain schools, formerly mission schools, there has arisen a sort of equity, or pre-scriptive right, so that the government is now estopped to take the action pro-posed. Legally, of course, such an argument is untenable. The government can not be bound by the actions of its officers to countenance that which is in violation of the fundamental governmental prin-ciples. But an examination of the his-tory of these schools discloses nothing on  which could be based any obligation, moral or otherwise, on the part of the government to permit the practises against which Circular No. 6ot was di-rected. The Development of the School System Previous to 1869 conditions on the Western frontier among the Indians were in a chaotic state. There had long been great turbulence and wide-spread guer-rilla warfare. Such education as had been attempted was largely in the hands of the various church missions. The inauguration of President Grant in 1869, however, marked a new epoch. He im-mediately initiated a policy, which in a short time became known as the " peace policy." The Secretary of the Interior in 1873 said that this policy had " for its main object and aim the restraint and elevation of the wild tribes of the fron-tier through firm but kind treatment." In short, the President sought to put an end to an administration of affairs on Indian reservations so scandalous that it had attracted wide-spread public at-tention, and he endeavored to bring about a new order of things by securing honest Indian agents. In his attempt to obtain honest administrators, he adopted the plan of asking each religious denomina-tion to assume the responsibility of nomi-nating to him fit men for the reservations where they carried on their missionary enterprises. The President undoubtedly meant also to secure harmony between the mission authorities on the reserva-tions and the representatives of the gov-ernment ; their differences in belief had caused great friction and personal mis-understanding, where there should have been only sincerest cooperation in one great purpose Š service to a backward and needy people. Although the President's policy im-mediately sought greater integrity in the management of material affairs, its deeper humanitarian purpose brought out the importance and the necessity of schools for Indian children, and at once the entirely separate responsibilities of 