14 LIBERTY and returned to the capital. Some of Madison's strongest opponents were the Presbyterian clergy. Almost to a man they were in favor of the assessment. Following are a few of the arguments presented in the memorial, and in view of the wide-spread demand now for the recognition of the Christian religion, these statements will be read with in-terest: Š " That religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, and not by force or violence. The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man to exercise it as these may indicate. This right is in itself an unalienable right. . . . " Who does not see that the same au- thority which can establish Christianity to the exclusion of all other religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians to the ex-clusion of all other sects. " Experience witnesseth that ecclesias-tical establishments, instead of maintain-ing the purity and efficiency of religion, have had a contrary operation. In no instances have religious establishments been seen as the guardians of the liber-ties of the people." Thousands of people signed this re-monstrance, and sent it back to the leg-islature. The fate of the assessment bill was sealed. The God-given principles of religious liberty triumphed, and this question was settled for a long time, and there is no reason for reopening it. Portland, Oregon. An Inadequate Remedy for Religious Intolerance W. M. HEALY THE desire for power, the desire to rule over others, is a leading passion of human nature. This passion uncurbed leads to the most heartless cruelty. Kings and queens are supposed to in-herit authority, and are therefore in great danger of arbitrary rule, not being considered amenable to any higher power. In a republic the danger is less, as the authority is delegated, tempora-rily, to the officials, who are responsible to the people for their acts. Some form of civil government is necessary to con-trol the lawless, and secure the rights of citizens ; therefore a poor government is better than none. Religion being a matter of the individual conscience, needs no authority for its protection or enforcement. It should be permitted to rule within its own province, the individ-ual conscience, and be prohibited from exercising control in any other domain, or through any other power than the power of divine love and personal con-viction. True religion is an excellent thing ; but when those who profess it  attempt to make it an instrument of co-ercion, the religious form thus enforced becomes a dangerous evil. The church founded at Rome in the clays of the apostle Paul increased in membership and wealth, which enabled it to procure what was considered the ablest talent for its teachers. This made it a popular place for the settlement of controverted questions. Frequent ap-peals to its teachers and leaders for in-struction not only brought forth their opinion of the matters referred to them, but developed in them the natural de-sire to rule and enforce those opinions. To obtain authority for this the church appealed to the civil government, and from it received various decrees and favors until in 533 A. D. the emperor Justinian decreed that the Church of Rome should stand at the head of all the churches, and its bishop should be the dictator of faith and the corrector of heretics. The spirit that desires power is ever ready to exercise it, and those who would 