DOOR OF THE PALACE OF THE SULTAN, CONSTANTINOPLE, TURKEY 86 LIBERTY make this protest out of any sympathy toward the shows, theaters, etc., mentioned in the bill. As a people we do not patronize such places, and were they to receive no more sup-port from other people proportionately than from us, all such places would fall into disuse. 2. We do contend, however, that there can be no sound reason given for the prohibition of any business upon one day in the week while admitting its lawfulness on every other day, except it be the religious nature of the day. It is solely the religious regard for the day which calls forth this bill. It was born in religion; it is supported by the church and churchmen. We say emphatically if the things prohibited by this bill be evil, they should be prohibited not on Sunday, but on all days. The law has no more right to prohibit legiti- mate business on Sun- clay because the church demands it than it has to prohibit church services on show day, were the shows to de-mand this. Foundation of Bill 3. Religion being the sole foundation of this bill, we protest against it as an entering wedge, op ening the way for more drastic legislation, such as changing majorities in the future may demand. Any such law must be a dangerous infringement on the Protestant and American principle of religious liberty. We plead for a strict adherence to the United States Constitution, which says, " Congress shall make no laws respecting the establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free ex-ercise thereof." Our own State constitution declares that the United States Constitution is the supreme law of the land. It also pro-vides that " no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in regard to his or her mode of religious worship." 4. We believe all such laws, and the demand for such, to be a marked evidence of apostasy from the Protestant principle of absolute free-dom in matters of religion. True Protestant-ism with the gospel warns of the results of sin, and entreats sinners to repent. Rome, on the contrary, threatened and persecuted to death those who dissented from her decrees. 5. Sunday laws are not only un-American, but unchristian. Nowhere did Christ or the apostles seek to enforce their teaching by civil penalties. 6. Sunday laws are unscriptural. Sunday is not the Sabbath nor Lord's day. The Bible nowhere commands nor teaches its observ-ance. It commands the observance of Satur- day, the seventh day. Sunday was anciently dedicated to false worship, and was adopted during the days of apostasy, despite its hea-then origin and unscriptural foundation. Chafe as he may under this declaration of truth, yet no Sunday keeper can extricate him-self from this unwelcome fact. 7. We protest against this bill because we understand this nation-wide effort for the en-forcement of Sunday (an unscriptural Cath-olic institution) would result sooner or later in another general council and an image in America to despotic Rome. Rome was wounded by the application of true Protes-tant principles. Would not the forsaking of Protestant principles be her healing? Seeing these dangers and believing the Word which predicts them, we therefore most solemn-ly urge the members of the legislature to repu-diate this, another at-tack upon the liberty of conscience in Amer-ica. Seventh-day Advent-ists have felt the effect of Sunday laws in va-rious States. A resi-dent of this city spent six days and nights in a Pennsylvania jail for planting too hill s of corn on Sunday. In 1895 eight members of this faith were worked in a chain gang along with criminals for no other crime than keeping the ten command-ments as they read. Whether the right to legislate on the Sabbath or any other reli-gious question is admitted, such a law would open the way for religious bigotry to stir the smoldering embers of persecution, and it is impossible to set a bound beyond which it may not go. JOHN ISAACS, President; WILLIAM VOTH, Secretary; I. A. CRANE, Rel. Lib. Sec. Clergyman Opposes Sunday Bill ON February 21, the Rev. Clarance J. Harris, pastor of the Unitarian church of Oklahoma City, preached a sermon on the Oklahoma Sunday Bill, from which we take the following, and commend it to the attention of our readers : Š I am opposed to this law because no one sect has a right to compel a law which in-fringes on the rights of another. Jews and many Christians observe Saturday, but not once have they tried to force legislation to stop the amusement and business of others 