118 LIBERTY called upon me, and demanded that I send for and sign the ordinance imme-diately, which I declined to do. Prior to this time, the clergymen had promised me every political support in the futiire .if I would comply with their demands, and they had threatened to exercise every political influence against me if I should fail to do so. I have lived in this city fifty-five years. One of the most influ-ential among these gentlemen appears to have lived in this country but a few years, comparatively ; and some of the others have lived in this city a shorter time, and may be called away any day. They assume to understand better than the duly constituted authorities, the fair sentiment of the people, and tolerate no difference of opinion. And this is in America, the land of the free and home of the brave ! It matters little what may become of my political corpse, or how long I remain in office; but it matters much whether the leaders of any religious sect or sects may, in this coun- try, by coercion, use the duly constituted representatives of the whole people to either oppress or control the conduct of others of the same sect or different sects or creeds who differ from them in their views or conduct, but, nevertheless com-mit no breach of the peace nor encroach-ment upon the political, social, or re-ligious rights of others. Advice to Clergy I venture the opinion that it is almost the universal sentiment of the people that their ministers should confine their activ-ities to their vocation of persuasion among their followers. If, in that way, they can create a healthy sentiment upon any question which does not subvert the principles upon which our American in-stitutions are founded, no one can com-plain, and that sentiment will find fit ex-pression through the representative gov-ernment we live under. Also, if they can persuade the people against patronizing picture shows, on Sunday or any other day, that is also legitimate. But if they can not so persuade them, and, regardless of natural sentiment, may resort to going themselves as the representatives of the  people direct to the fountains of the government for the purpose of compel-ling the people to do what they can not be persuaded to do, then we have indeed government by the church, or by the churches, a thing abhorred by liberty-loving Americans. Such practise is bound to create discontent, and augment religious antagonism and bigotry. Al-ready the despicable murmurings of A. P. A.-ism are discernible as one of the results of the methods used to pass this ordinance. No Compromise If this were a proper ordinance, I would, nevertheless, disapprove it be-cause of the improper methods employe] to procure its passage ; and, further, I shall disapprove any other ordinance of like or other character, which may be procured in like manner, until my term as mayor ends, by expiration, removal from office, or otherwise. . . A picture which does not offend good morals on Saturday or Monday will not do so on Sunday. . . . For the reasons above stated, I return herewith the ordinance with my disap- proval.. Yours very truly, PHILIP J. KELLER, Mayor. We wish our position to be clearly understood. We are not defending im-moral picture shows on any day of the week; and, further, we do not hold a brief for any kind of shows at any time ; but we regard it as a misrepresentation of the very genius of Christianity when its professed representatives attempt to employ the authority and power of the state to compel any one either to accept or to act as if he did accept the creed of any religious body. We believe in the observance of the true Sabbath of the fourth commandment, and we are trying to persuade others to join us in this practise; but we reject all state aid and depend wholly upon the power of the gospel, and we urge all teachers of the truth to adopt the same plan. 