 141¥FI.M...1.M.M¥104=004¥¥.MM   ¡67  TEMPERANCE +.=1¥4/4NAMNIÓ0Ó4.¥.011Ó.¥0.M.4   [We do not think we are inconsistent or out of harmony with the principles of civil and religious freedom in advocating state and national prohibition of the promiscuous sale of in-toxicating beverages. It is not a question of, " I like tea but do not like wine or beer, so you must drink only what I say ;" it is a question of " evil consequences involved " in the destruction of the happiness, life, and liberty of others who are made involuntary victims. When we consider the unspeakable sorrow, disgrace, debauchery, immorality, crime, and ruin which the liquor traffic brings yearly to innocent wives and children in the homes of the devotees at the altar of Bacchus, and to society at large, we believe that the government has a Constitutional right to adopt measures which will guarantee to each individual the enjoy-ment of his inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, all of which are molested by the promiscuous traffic in intoxicating beverages.Ñ EDI "Why I Changed Front on the Liquor Question " BY EX-GOVERNOR PATTERSON OF TENNESSEE I AM aware that to have suddenly changed the views of mature manhood, which I once asserted and proclaimed from one end of Tennessee to the other, has excited surprise and provoked com-ment. But this is a world of change. Stagnation is decay, and progress is the command of the age and the hope of immortality. I am neither ashamed nor abashed to stand before this great audi-ence and acknowledge the wrong, when I once advocated policies which would have made legal a trade which I have come to look upon as having no rightful place in the scheme and economy of Christian civilization. Grew Up. Where Saloons Were Many Let me relate some facts and experi-ences in my life, and leave the causes which have brought this change about to your own opinions. I grew up in the city of Memphis, where saloons were numerous, and regarded as fixed and permanent institutions. I cannot remem-ber to have ever heard of any movement to close them, or recall any speech or newspaper article attacking them. I be-came a lawyer, was elected prosecuting attorney of the district, and during my incumbency saloons were opened and li-censed under the law, and were without restriction as to number. I was after- wardc cent to Congrecc. where T cervorl RR six years. At this time liquor was openly sold in the restaurants of both wings of the Capitol. The convenience and com-fort with which intoxicating drinks could be obtained often interfered with my own attendance, that of other members, and distracted attention from the duties of our representation. While serving in Congress, I became a candidate for governor of Tennessee, and took a position on the liquor ques-tion in the first speech I made from which I never deviated throughout my official career. At that time it was pleas-ing to many of the temperance people of our State, for I favored the right of communities to vote liquor out if they so desired, and pledged myself, if elected governor, to carry into effect the will of such communities ; and this pledge was performed to the letter. I stated that I did not believe in compulsory State-wide prohibition, and if the legislature should pass such a bill, I would veto it and this promise also was performed. I prepared a careful message, and sent it to the legislature, setting forth my views and expressing the opinion that prohibi-tion as a governmental policy was fun-damentally wrong. I thought that such a law would result in multiplying the evils of the liquor traffic instead of cor-recting them and holding them in check.  My life hac had deep cnrrnw4 My 