58 LIBERTY Heb. 4: 3-11. The rest the Sabbath brings comes to those who labor, and while they labor. The Jews who sought rest by resting, failed to obtain it, as will every one who seeks it .thus. As for physical rest, this should be obtained during the hours of sleep. Eight hours out of the twenty-four are, as a rule, sufficient to fully restore the energy expended by physical toil of the day. The night has been given for physi-cal rest. This is the time the birds of the air and the beasts of the field devote to the securing of physical rest. This amply supplies their physical need. The monkey, the gorilla, the wild man of the forest, and the savage of the South Sea Islands obtain their rest during the night. Civilized man's physical needs in no  respect differ from those of the uncivilized. The fact is, the Sabbath is wholly a reli-gious institution, and all legislation pertaining to it is religious legislation. All religious leg-islation in the past has proved to be what it will be in the future,Š a curse instead of a blessing. The Sabbath has been set apart for God's people Š for those who have come out of the world and yielded their lives to him. To such God still says: " Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you. Ye shall keep the Sabbath therefore: for it is holy unto you." Ex. 31: 13, 14. A Sunday-closing Bill Defeated in California By W. F. Martin FOR a number of years California has had no State-wide Sunday law. In 1855 a Sunday law was enacted by the legisla-ture, which prohibited " all barbarous and noisy amusements on the Christian Sabbath." This was added to in 1858 by an act entitled, " An Act to Provide for the Better Observance of the Sabbath." This closed on the " Christian Sabbath " stores, workshops, etc. In that year a Jewish clothier named Newman was arrested for violation of this " Sabbath " law. He was convicted in the lower court, but appealed his case. Justice Terry, chief justice of the State supreme court, reversed the decision of the lower court, and in rendering the decision made the following pertinent statement: " If the legislature has the authority to ap-point a time of compulsory rest, we should have no right to interfere with it even if it required a cessation from toil for six days in the week instead of one." Justice Burnett agreed with Judge Terry, and in his concurring opinion said: " The act violates as much the religious free-dom of the Christian as of the Jew, because the conscientious views of the Christian compel  him to keep Sunday as a Sabbath. He has the right to object when the legislature invades his freedom of religious worship and assumes the power to compel him to do that which he has the right to omit if he pleases." As a result of these decisions, California was without a Sunday law until 1872, when a new law was enacted. Ten years later the question became a political issue, and in 1883 a notable campaign was conducted in that State. The Democrats promised that if they were elected they would repeal the Sunday-closing measure. On the other hand, the Republicans declared in its favor and promised to enforce it. With this in view, the people of the State by a large majority indorsed the Democratic party and platform. The Sunday law was then repealed. In 1895, however, a barbers' Sunday law was placed on the statute books. When it was put to the test the supreme court again declared the Sunday law unconstitutional. Justice Renshaw wrote in his decision: " A man's Constitutional liberty means more than his personal freedom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor and to own the fruits of his own toil. It is a curi-ous law for the protection of labor which pun- 