NICHOLAS II AND HIS WIFE, THE CZ \R AND CZARINA OF RUSSIA 10 LIBERTY In the face of these facts, we think we have something more than " shadows " to be fright-ened at, and good grounds for disbelieving the assurances of those who tell us that the success of this Sunday-law movement will not harm " a hair of our heads." Prosecutions, fines, im-prisonments, and chain-gangs can hardly be called " shadows.", We know the spirit that is be-hind this movement, and that will be manifested as the move-ment develops. Its professions are lamblike, mild, and appar-ently Christian, but when it speaks, it will reveal the spirit that has characterized all relig-ious persecutions. See Rev. 13: An exemption for observers of another day in a Sunday law is only religious toleration, and carries with it the assumed right to be intolerant. If the men in Congress now having to do with these measures knew in what they were finally enough. for all that.Š Christian States- to result, they would doubtless let them in an, March, 1874. alone. The events of only a few years later, Eighty years ago Congress saw some however, amply demonstrated that our of the evils involved in Sunday legisla-fears were not only sincere, but well- tion. The furious " Sunday Mail Re-grounded. In eleven years, from 1885 ports " adopted by Congress in 1829 and to 1896, under the revival and enforce- 1830, sounded a clear note of warning. ment of Sunday laws which then took The sound logic and the unanswerable place, over one hundred conscientious, arguments against Sunday legislation set God-fearing Seventh-day Adventists in forth in these reports are no less potent the United States, besides some thirty in nor pertinent now than they were then. foreign countries, were prosecuted for The evils resulting from such legisla- doing quiet work on Sunday, resulting in tion are not alone confined to the wrong fines and costs amounting to $2,269.69, that may be done the oppressed. The op-and imprisonments totaling 1,438 days, pressor wrongs himself. President Fair-and 445 days served in the chain-gang. child has well said : " Injustice and op- Since this, many similar persecutions pression are not made tolerable by being have taken place under the Sunday laws in strict accordance with the law. Noth- of this and foreign countries. ing is surer, in the end, than the reaction 