I_ !BERT 1. 59 dogmas, institutions, and usages held, re-vered, and practiced in common by all the sects, including both Mormons and Roman Catholics. But the Statesman has the hardihood to deny that while by the domination of a small group of States by a single sect, " a union of church and state is formed,"  such a union would be formed in the case of the domination of the whole na-tion by a working movement of a mighty combination of denominational forces. Apparently the Statesman finds it impos-sible to be consistent in its advocacy of National Reform and its opposition to Mormonism. C. P. B. Iowa Legislature "Refuses to Make Blue Laws Bluer" THE Iowa Legislature had one Sun-day bill introduced into the senate and another into the house of representatives at the instigation of religious organiza- tions whose purpose it was " to make the blue laws bluer," as the Des Moines Register expressed it. Both bills greatly increased the penalties for Sunday law violations. This increase of penalties as a punishment for refusing to observe Sunday is an attempt on the part of re-ligious organizations that recently passed resolutions to this effect, in order, as they stated, " to bring Seventh-day Advent- ists to time and strike terror into them." These religious organizations, such as the Federal Council of the Churches and the Lord's Day Alliance, are employing sinister methods to accomplish their ends. They are affiliating with secular organizations, such as the Federation of Labor, labor unions, merchants and re- tail associations, barbers' unions, etc., and are using them as a blind pig, or as a cat's paw to introduce these Sunday bills into the legislatures and get what they cannot get openly for themselves. The Iowa Senate and House of Rep-resentatives defeated both these Sunday bills. The Des Moines Register of Jan-uary 20 states: Š '` Quotations of the Scriptures by the Rev. Wm. Ostrander, of Des Moines, Seventh-day Adventist, assisted in the defeat of a bill drawn by Attorney-General Havner for in-creasing the penalty for violation of the blue laws, considered before the senate judiciary committee. It will be reported to the senate for indefinite postponement." Not satisfied with their defeat before the senate, these religious organizations tried the same game before the house. The Des Moines Register of January 30 gives the following account of its defeat before the judiciary committee of the house: Š " The passage of Attorney-General Hav-ner's bill increasing the penalty for violation of the blue laws would place a civil club in the hands of religious bigots," declared Rev. Wm. Ostrander, of Des Moines, Seventh-day Adventist, in urging the annihilation of the measure before the house judiciary commit-tee. Reverend Ostrander branded all Sunday legislation as a menace. '" This statute will not make a man go to church," he said. " You cannot legislate a man into being a Christian." " No, but you can make him be good," said a committee member. " No, you cannot make him be good," re-plied the Adventist. " You can only make him act as if he were good." " Reverend Ostrander quoted: ' Render . . . unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's.' " To whom does the Sabbath day belong Što God or to Cmsar? " Rev. Ostrander was asked by a committee member. " It belongs to God; you ought to know that," was the reply. The bill was killed, the same as by the senate committee. This is simply one of many instances we might report of similar experiences before other legislatures. Whenever the fundamental principles of the separation of church and state are properly set be-fore our legislators, they always refuse to commit our government to further religious legislation. A failure to recog- 