LIBERTY 73 ter of plain psychology. The garb pro-claims to the world that the wearer is set apart from it by vows of extraor- dinary devotion to a particular order in a particular church; that life, services, and fortune are dedicated to that cause. It is simply this signification that is ob-jected to Š not at all the wearer. How-ever successful the lat-ter may be in restrain-ing the spoken word or deliberate act of persua-sion, the unspoken dec-larations and intima-tions of the garb are so striking and pro-nounced, are so con-stantly and necessarily asserting their cause, that the mere presence of the dress in a school-room lends the school a denominational charac-ter. The teachers ap-pear not in their capaci-ties as public officers and teachers, but as ec-clesiastical persons. The effect is inevitable : no child can be expected, Ł as no adult should be asked, to keep in mind the distinction. The re-sult is all the respect in-spired by the teacher's office, all the tendency so natural among all children and intensified among Indians, Š to-ward emulation of the teacher,Š is drafted to serve the mission of the YUAN SHI K ecclesiastic. And only in slightly less degree must it so affect the whole Indian community. I do not see how it can be seriously contended Š if it is contended at all Š that these practises are of no significance to a people among whom symbols have been peculiarly effective to convey mean-ing. That they are effective, no surer testimony could be had than is to be  found in the contention advanced against the order that the Indians, so far from objecting to the garb and insignia, really like it. and, in some instances, " will fight for it." If the Indians like it and " will fight for it," it means something to them. The only meaning, the only influence, it can have is religious, and because of its AI, THE PRESENT PRESIDENT OF CHINA distinctive nature it is denominational, sectarian. And so it will not do to say that since the regulations already issued forbid em-ployees while on duty to promote the cause of any denomination or its tenets, it is to be presumed that no such influ-ence is attempted. For, granting the strictest compliance with the explicit di- 