14 LIBERTY Upholding National Christianity IN the face of an alarming increase of crime, and a startling decrease of in-terest in religion, the cry is still raised that this is a Christian nation. One re-ligious paper says : Š This is a Christian nation, and every attempt to teach the contrary should be rebuked. The apostle Paul asked, " Am I be-come your enemy, because I tell you the truth ? " Should those persons be re-buked who state the facts, and draw the legitimate conclusions ? People are not made Christians by judicial dictum. As to Teaching Religion IN a recently published article Prof. John Dewey, of Columbia University, discusses the vexed question of teaching religion in the public schools. He finds so many practical difficulties in the way of making religion one of the subjects of instruction that his conclusions are mainly negative. Some of his inquires run thus : Š Where are the experts in religion? And where are the authoritative teach-ers? There are theologians; do we want theology taught? . . . There are preach-ers and catechists ; but, unless we are committed to some peculiar faith or institution, it is not exhortation or disci-pline of this sort that constitutes relig-ious instruction. There are psycholo-gists ; but is introspection our aim ? There remains, indeed, the corps of faithful, more or less well-prepared, hard-working, and hard-worked teachers. This brings us to the crux of the whole matter. Is religion a thing so special-ized, so technical, so " informational," that, like geography or history or gram-mar, it may be taught at special hours, times, and places by those who have properly " got it up," and been approved as persons of fit character and adequate professional training? . . . Our schools, in bringing together those of different nationalities, languages, traditions, and creeds, in assimilating them together  upon the basis of what is common and public in endeavor and achievement, are performing an infinitely significant relig-ious work. They are promoting the so-cial unity out of which in the end genuine religious unity must grow. Shall we interfere with this work? Shall we run the risk of undoing it by introducing into education a subject which can be taught only by segregating pupils, and turning them over at special hours to separate representatives of rival faiths? These inquiries indicate the embarrass-ment which is encountered in any effort to bring religion under the direction of the state. The one answer to all these inquiries is that the teaching of religion is not a matter which can properly come under state control or be conducted at public expense. The Law of Work THE advocates of laws requiring sus-pension of work on the first day of the week often make the claim that this is no interference with the rights of those who observe the seventh day of the week, as they are still permitted to devote that day to rest and worship, and are simply required to refrain from labor on the clay set apart by the majority for relig-ious purposes. A very good answer to this argument is made by Dr. W. F. Crafts, who is himself an earnest worker in behalf of Sunday laws. In the notes on the Sunday-school lesson for July 7, Dr. Crafts thus comments upon the fourth commandment : Š I see no escape without disloyalty to God and man and our own selves from the law that every whole man or woman should work regularly six days a week at some regular manual or mental task. . . . How strange that almost everybody thinks of the fourth commandment as requiring only a weekly suspension of labor, as if it were a law of the one day, when it is on its face a law for the whole seven days of each week, re-quiring work on six as plainly as it re-quires rest on the other. 