Temperance The Truth Lives On THROUGH the rugged march of time, Marked with mis'ry, sin, and crime, Error stalks with upreared head O'er her fields of slaughtered dead, But beneath her bloody tread The Truth lives on. Warriors strong and brave of yore Drenched Judea's plains with gore, And the land with war was rife, For His tomb who hated strife, In the teachings of whose life The Truth lives on. Progress rolls her car along, Slowly righting human wrong; Might the right may crucify, Nothing can her power defy; Though Herod live and Jesus die, The Truth lives on. Burning fagots blazing high, Gibbets towering to the sky, Inquisition's rack and pain, Slavery clanking loud its chain, Falsehood triumphs still in vain, The Truth lives on. Underneath this load of wrong, Truth eternal moves along; Every true heart's mighty throe Rolls away some human woe; Error reels beneath the blow Š The Truth lives on. Sunday Closing of the Saloon K. C. RUSSELL WITHOUT doubt many who are seeking for the closing of the saloons on Sunday are doing so with the best motives. They hope in this way to preserve one day in the week free from the demoralizing effects of the liquor traffic, and they desire that Sunday should be the day upon which the saloons should be closed, because of its sup-posedly sacred character. It is indeed a praiseworthy object for men and women to use their influence, and to put forth every proper and legitimate effort, to prohibit the growing evil of intemper-ance. When, however, they seek for this reform by asking for the closing of the sa-loons on Sunday only, they thereby give  countenance to the idea that the traffic is legitimate and proper on other days of the week. By discriminating in favor of Sun-day, they are really, to all intents and pur-poses, sanctioning this wicked and soul-destroying business six-sevenths of the time. Imagine intelligent men and women, and especially Christian men and women, de-manding that murder, theft, perjury, or adultery should be declared criminal only when committed on Sunday ! For them to do so would be considered the height of absurdity; yet it is no more absurd than the demand that the open saloon shall be de-clared criminal on Sunday only, and al-lowed to carry on its work under sanction of law as a legitimate business the other six days of the week. It is not the day of the week upon which a crime is committed that makes it criminal, but the act itself. The absurdity of regard-ing an act criminal on Sunday, and proper and right on other days of the week, is thus clearly stated by a prominent minister, as quoted in the Literary Digest, of Aug. 17, 1907:-- " It is simply impossible to create a one-day morality. What is right on Saturday is right on Sunday. When religious people give up this whole impossibility, and insist that a wicked thing shall not be done on any day, and a right thing shall be done every day, they have a basis for law and order that can be enforced. If whisky peddling is a crime on Sunday it is on Monday." " The enactment of Sunday laws," this same logical writer says, amounts merely to " putting the handcuffs on for one day, and then taking them off for six." So far as these laws affect the liquor traffic, they are, he avers, " simply a determination to let saloons drive their unwholesome trade six days, but the seventh is a sop to the Lord." The necessity of closing the saloons on every day in the week in order that they may be effectually closed on Sunday, is admitted by a prominent champion of Sun-day legislation, Mr. W. F. Crafts, super-intendent of the International Reform Bu-reau, in his work entitled, " The Sabbath 