44 LIBERTY been outlawed in Pasadena. I spent six months upon its streets, walked its beauti-ful parks, never once to see or hear of intoxication or notice the odor about any one, or see liquor delivered in any home. Then as quickly as the Santa Fe Limited could carry me, I came back East, and I took the street-car in Detroit, and before I reached my first destination, five men in that car were so drunk that they had to be told to leave the car. Then I came down to Washington, and I have boarded its street-cars, and there has hardly been a visit made to a street-car that I have not seen some one under the influence of liquor. Does prohibition prohibit ? Š Yes, thank the Father, it does. Yes, it saves the youth. Why do we favor it? Š Not alone because we are citizens of this glorious city that George Washington founded, and who stood for honesty and uprightness and thoughtfulness and unselfishness toward others, not alone because we are men and women,Š and that ought to be enough,Šbut it is worth our effort. Because there are over a million boys and girls in this land to-night going down to hell, we believe in living the life that will save them, because when He comes again he will ask us, face to face, What have you done for the boys and girls? Shall we prohibit this liquor traffic only on one day of the week? Shall we prohibit it on Sunday? Š Yes, we favor that. And prohibit it on Saturday? Š Yes, we favor it for Saturday, too. And then prohibit it on Monday, and Friday, and Wednesday, and Thursday as well. Prohibit it all the week, for our Heavenly Father wants us to do so. Prohibition Does " Something " PROHIBITION may not prohibit. Some people say it does; some say it does not. But that it does something is a moral cer-tainty. The traveler through Missouri looks out of the car window at the saloons along the track, and notices the usual lot of bar-room soaks sitting on beer kegs in front of a one-story shack, their bloated faces and swollen red noses proclaiming that " booz-erino " still boozes in Missouri. Crossing the line into Kansas, there are no such evi-dences of blasted lives and depleted pocket-books. There are no beer-keg touts. The  men who are " onto " the ropes can get whisky in Kansas, but the school-children have no way of acquiring an appetite for beer and wine, for they are beyond their reach; and Kansas, as well as other prohi-bition States, is growing a generation of boys and girls who wil go week in and week out without so much as thinking of booze. Prohibition may not prohibit in Kansas, but it is gradually eliminating, through posterity, desire for liquor.Š Drover's Telegram. Drink Results in France Two years ago the Academie de Medicin, in order to find out the part played by alco-holism in the general mortality in hospital practise, invited the members of medical so-cieties to collect statistics of all deaths in their wards. M. Fernet recently communi-cated the summary of these statistics, show-ing that during the preceding ten to fifteen months, among a total of over fifteen hun-dred deaths occurring in eleven different hos-pital services, alcohol played a part as cause of death in one third of the cases (33.81 per cent) ; it was the principal cause in one tenth of the deaths (10.2o per cent) ; it was the accessory cause in more than two tenths of the deaths (23.61 per cent). Among the principal fatal manifestations of alcohol, M. Fernet includes such affections as delirium tremens and hemorrhagia, and such chronic affections as cirrhosis of the liver and car-dio-vascular diseases, which bring about apoplexy, softening of the brain, and some forms of kidney disease. In the second class in which alcohol played an accessory part, M. Fernet places all cases of disease which develop or are fatal because the pa-tient is an alcoholic Š for example many cases of pneumonia, erysipelas, and other acute infectious diseases. The influence of alcohol on mortality was still greater in the lunatic asylums than in general hospitals. There alcohol was the cause of disease and death in nearly half the male cases, and in one sixth of the fe-male cases. In official statistics, numbers of alcoholic deaths are classed under differ-ent organic diseases of which alcohol is the cause, otherwise it would occupy a place with tuberculosis among the chief causes of death.Š Paris Correspondent in British Medical Journal. 