18 LIBERTY PARLIAMENT BUILDING, PARIS, FRANCE empire. There is no Biblical authority for such an idea. Says the scripture from which they draw the inference they have put into an international pur- pose : Š " The kingdom of the world is become the kingdom of our Lord, and of his Christ: and he shall reign forever and ever." Rev. I I : 15, R. V. The context shows the time to which this scripture refers. It is the day of judgment, the day of dissolution of earthly kingdoms, and of the setting up The Kingdoms of This World FOR a number of years a cry has been going up in this country, from that class who would have the church control the world through legislation, that " the kingdoms of this world are to become the kingdom of Christ." Their idea is that he is to rule over them as an ag-gregation of states comprising one world  of the kingdom of righteousness. It is the day referred to by the Psalmist when he says : Š " I will tell of the decree : Jehovah said unto me, Thou art my Son ; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I will give thee the nations for thine in-heritance, and the uttermost parts .of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou  shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2 : 7-9. The they " and the " them " refer to the nations and kings mentioned in previous verses. Christ's kingdom of righteous-ness will not be made up of the kingdoms of this world steeped in iniquity and heavy with the grief of their peoples. He does not come to turn the nations to righteousness ; that was the business committed to his church, to be carried on until he should return; and they that are not his, who have not accepted him as their Saviour, and partaken of his character, he will " slay with the breath of his mouth, and bring to naught by the man-ifestation of his coming." 2 Thess. 2 : 8. The same fact is clearly de-clared in these words of the rev-elator, when describing the day of Christ's return : Š " And the heaven was removed as a scroll when it is rolled up ; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places. And the kings of the earth, and the princes, and the chief captains, and the rich, and the strong, and every bondman and freeman, hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the moun-tains ; and they say to the mountains and the rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb : for the great day of their wrath is come; and who is' able to stand ? " Rev. 6 : 14-17. 