VICTOR III, KING OF ITALY LIBERTY 29 Religious Liberty in Italy L. ZECCHETTO ITALY, once the land of papal su-premacy, and for centuries the land of religious oppression, now grants as much liberty of conscience as does any other country in the world. We have here in Italy the so-called " Sunday law," but any recognized or- ganization is free to select any day out of seven as its day for rest and worship. The Sunday law is applied to store-keepers especially. Those engaged in agricultural or me-chanical work of a n y kind, inde-pendent of any or-ganization, m a y work every day in the week, and no-body will molest Łthem. Sabbath-keepers, therefore,  , are at liberty to rest on the Sab-bath and to work on Sunday, if they choose so to do. We have perfect freedom to adver-tise our meetings, to pray, to sing, and to read the Scriptures in pub-lic. Not long ago I went to Mon-taldo (Bormida, a small town in Piedmont) to hold a few meetings, which were to be illustrated with a stereopticon. Before beginning the meetings, I called on the mayor of the town and asked his advice in regard to the necessity of protection against the possibility of any disturbance. He an-swered that there would be no need of sending the police, and said he himself would come and speak a few words to the people before my first meeting should  begin. He kept his promise, and gave the audience some very strong words of caution against molesting the speaker or in any way disturbing his meetings. This helped me to conduct my meetings without being in the least molested. This is a year of jubilee in Italy, it being the fiftieth anniversary of the proc-lamation of the unity of the kingdom of Italy with Rome as its capital. The king opened the celebration, and in the course of his remarks made this significant declara-tion: " This ever-memorable day is the record of fifty years of religious liberty in our coun-try, and I shall do all in my power to maintain this lib-erty of conscience and freedom in re-ligion." These words will pass into history, and ever remain among the records of the nation. They mean much to evangelical Chris-tianity in Italy, and much to the indi-vidual who knows that true religion is a matter between each man and his Maker. It is true that Italy has a large num- ber of Jesuits, and their shrewd work is well known throughout the world, but it is very significant that on the invitation of the mayor of Rome, extended to eleven thousand mayors in Italy, request- ing them to take part in person at the dedication of the monument of King Victor Emmanuel II, all but four ac- 