LIBERTY 45 Books The following books should be in the library of every student of our times. The True Faith, and How I Found It, by Samuel McGerald, D. D. True Faith Company, Buffalo, N. Y.; 163 pages, 75 cents net. Books portraying the errors of Roman Catholicism are numerous, yet many of them are open to the objection of being written in a spirit of antagonism rather than in one of investigation. Mr. McGer-ald's book is entirely free from ultraism, and brings to the reader the consciousness of a soul seeking its way from the unsatis-factory experience of formalism into the blessedness of an experimental religion. Born of Roman Catholic parents, in his boyhood days he was intimately acquainted with the priesthood of the parish in.  which he lived. In his book he describes the steps which led him away from Rome to Christ, and at last into the Christian ministry. The fallacy of Roman Catholic teaching is dwelt upon throughout the book, and the manner in which error is refuted is refreshing. To read the book is to be helped mentally and spiritually. The citations in the closing chapters from Lord Acton and others on the question of liberty of conscience are invaluable. The triumph of Roman Ca-tholicism means the revival of persecution. The book is certain to do good, and after reading it, one wishes that it might be read by every Roman Catholic and Protestant. Protestant Missions in South America, by a committee of prominent Protestant missionaries, who write from experience in the mission work in the various republics of that long-neglected continent. The Stu-dent Volunteer Movement, New York City; 238 pages, manila cover. This book gives one a striking and well-epitomized array of facts showing what the real conditions are in South America so far as relates to the civilization, the moral status, and freedom of worship and of prop-aganda. The various writers who have contributed to this work do not hesitate to lay the blame where it belongs for the in-tolerant and unpromising conditions which exist there. Every Protestant ought to read this hook that he may see what is the fruit of Romanism where it has for cen-turies held undisputed sway. For price, ad-dress the publishers. Christian Science, the Faith and Its Founder, by Lyman P. Powell. G. P. Put-nam's Sons, New York City; 261 pages; cloth. The author of this work is a well-known clergyman of New England, who has made an exhaustive study of the cult of Chris-tian Science, searching the works of both its friends and its critics, and judging the system also by its direct teachings and the fruit of their application. The attitude of the author toward that system may be gleaned from a few expressions. He says: " When members of any Christian church turn to Christian Science healing, they usu-ally turn away from historic Christianity. . . . The good in Christian Science is the good in other religions, and therefore re-quires no special emphasis, while the evil is distinctive and needs analysis and pub-licity to make it evident." He shows be-yond question the direct antagonism be-tween that cult and true Christianity, points out the fallacies of Mrs. Eddy's work, " Science and Health," and the undoubted origin of the ideas on which the system is based. The work contains a good ac-count of the life of Mrs. Eddy, and closes with a chapter on the unhappy and danger-ous attitude of Christian Science toward the family and the home. It would seem that a perusal of this book ought to be a shield to any one against falling into the fatal deception which this work lays bare. The Two Babylons, or Papal Worship Proved to Be the worship of Nimrod and His Wife, by Rev. Alexander Hislop. S. W. Partridge & Co., 8 and 9 Paternoster Row, London, England; 33o pages; cloth; well illustrated. The author proves the assertion made in the title of his book by a close and search-ing comparison of the characteristics of the two systems. Practically every distinctive feature of papal worship is traced to its origin in the false religions of Babylon, Assyria, Egypt, Greece, Rome pagan, etc. The striking analogy is more than a coin-cidence, as every fair-minded reader must admit. The library of every American ought to contain a copy of this invaluable treatise. John Knox and the Scottish Reforma-tion, by G. Barnett Smith. Review and Herald Publishing Association, Takoma Park, D. C.; 16o pages; cloth; price, 6o cents. The story of John Knox is a thrilling one. This advocate of the gospel was a true and fearless pioneer of Christianity in Scotland, and maintained a strong and strikingly con-sistent course for his time in behalf of a re-ligion that was under the ban of his ruler. It will prove a source of inspiration to every lover of Christianity to read the rec-ord of such a 