Ł -0  34 LIBERTY anticipate We breaking clown, or modi-fication, of denominational dogmas. No; each sect intends to maintain its distinct organization, as in the past. What, then, can be the object of federation? This has been well stated by some of the promoters of that organization, as fol-lows : Š " This is an age of federation. At last the different denominations are realizing it, and joining in an offensive and de-fensive warfare. We should note the many sacred movements of moral and civic righteousness, and join their forces. We can gain much more by uniting with those who are.  seeking a similar end than we can by a single combat."Š Boston De-fender, October, 1906. The same paper further outlines its case : " One very evident need of federated reform is seen in connection with our lawmaking bodies, whether they meet in Washington or in different State capitals. It is the duty of the reform forces to see that men are sent to these places who shall repre-sent the ideas which they [the reform forces] hold most important and sacred." Is it not plain that the design of the federated churches is to control civil leg-islation, or rather, that it may change the civil legislature into one that shall do the bidding of these united churches? Is any one so blind that he can not see that, when this state of things obtains, every civil office in the state will be at the dis-posal of the churches? Would not that be a return of the church-and-state power of past ages? Well, then, the first thing these churches unite in demanding is a uni-versal legal rest day in each week. All the States except California already have some kind of a Sunday law,Š not an " ideal " one, be it remembered. Every possible effort, open or concealed, is to be brought to bear to wheel California into line this winter, so that the federated churches, through their ally, the Na-tional Sabbath Alliance, may move with a united front throughout the land to secure an ideal Sunday-rest law as the ultimate of their efforts. Public Opinion Pertinent Extracts from Various Writers Relating to Religious Liberty A Supposed Case IF any great form of religion now existing should turn itself into a political organization, form secret societies for the control of the government, command its votaries how to vote, call down the curses of heaven upon them if they dared to vote otherwise than instructed, and subtly, as an organization, endeavor to ensnare every candidate nominated for election, and require every one of its members in every sphere of life to take instructions from it as to voting and conducting himself in public office Š we mean if any religion, Jewish or Chris-tian, should thus become a controlling force which demanded the diversion o f the public funds to its own purposes, either upon the direct line with arro-gance and publicity or obliquely by per-sonal seductions, it would be a proper thing for all other religionists and all citizens with no religion to refuse to vote for a candidate thus enchained.ŠThe Christian Advocate. An Impending Peril WHEN the founders of this republic placed in the Constitution of the United States the article, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," they performed the greatest service in the cause of liberty that the world had ever witnessed. Great had been the Declaration of Independence, great had been the revolutionary strug-gle, great had been the proclamation of political liberty, great had been the estab-lishment of a republic; but greater far than all these wondrous achievements was this definite indication that in this new government there was to be a com-plete separation of church and state. 