LIBERTY 3 effort was made to stop all Sunday work and sports, including bull-fights. For a time the Sunday exhibitions of this sort were suspended, but adverse public senti-ment proved too strong, and the bull-fights are now legally compatible with a proper observance of the " Sabbath." France. Š France is emerging from the shadow of the union of church and state which was established by the Concordat in 18ot. Under this union religious teaching was in the hands of the priests and nuns, whose aim there, as everywhere, was first and foremost to produce Roman Catholics. The religion; teaching and training for which the state was paying was found to be at cross-purposes with the interests of the republic. The principles of Rome are not those of a republic, but of a monarchy. So serious did the menace of this system finally become that the government, under the leadership of M. Combes, determined to secularize the system of public instruc-tion, and from this point it was a short and logical step to the disestablishment of the church and the abolition of the Con-cordat. The execution of the steps inci-dental to the establishment of the new regime met with violent resistance in those places where the papacy was strongest, but there was no resistance on the part of the Protestant churches concerned. The mask of conserver of the public peace was torn from the Catholic Church, and it was seen that she loved peace only when peace meant harmony with herself. The opposition to the taking of church inventories led finally to the overthrow of the Combes ministry, but the papal victory proved an empty one, for the new ministry proceeded with the work of severing the tie with Rome, and the general elections coming soon after-ward showed that public sentiment was overwhelmingly in favor of the policy the government was pursuing. Seeing this, the papacy abandoned the struggle, and the political separation from that power is now complete. Full religious liberty is now granted in France, the state requiring only that liberty of worship shall not be maclt to sanction any disturbance of the peace. South America.Š A Catholic paper, The Missionary, presents the following picture of Catholic prosperity in Brazil which has followed the separation of church and state in that country in 1889: " Things are changed there since 1889, when the state gave freedom to the church. Up to that date the church had been en-slaved to the government, with the usual consequences of evil. Then came the proc-lamation of the republic, which, by a simple decree, cut loose the church from all state support, and also from all state control. The Catholics met the perils of poverty with courage. Parochial associations were founded, money for every good cause con-tinued to flow in, and now the church is stronger, religiously and financially, than at any time in the past. She has excellent schools, and colleges for higher education ; the clergy are better trained and instructed : the religious orders from Europe have given new life to the faith; a good Catholic news-paper press is growing; and the public spirit is active and zealous among the faithful. Only recently the Parliament tried to introduce divorce into Brazilian legislation, but the Catholics and their deputies raised such an outcry that the bill was rejected. The church in Brazil has begun a fresh career, and presents one more proof of the advantage of keeping relig-ion free from the golden chains of servi-tude to the interests and schemes of tricky politicians. The faith finds its best support on the sacraments; they will keep it alive." In other South American republics, par-ticularly in Argentina, there is a growing public sentiment against that clerical in-terference in state affairs which the Cath-olic prelates have been wont until recently to assume as their vested right. It is stated that " the Liberals of Argentina have been making angry demonstrations against the clergy, and against the government for its leniency toward the clerics." This went so far that " violent speeches were made which incited the populace to deeds of law-lessness and disorder. An attack on a convent was made, and several church win-dows were broken." In nearly all the coun- 