LIBERTY 177 left the word Christ ' out of the pre-amble, and made it read God,' a deity that would be recognized as supreme by all, whether Christian or not. That the purpose of the platform committee was not to antagonize anybody where it was not necessary in order to set forth the principles for which the party stood. That we considered the plank in question would antagonize some church-members. I also stated that in order not to offend other classes, in making the platform plank referring to a day of rest, the com-mittee had it read the protection of one day in seven as a day of rest,' instead of saying, Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy,' or referring to some par-ticular day as the Sabbath. Further, that having given the matter serious thought, we did not want to have this amendment kill the very purpose the platform com-mittee had labored for, and that the plank in question had no place in the platform, and would simply give to our enemies justification for the argument which we frequently hear, that the Prohibition party is a narrow-minded, illiberal party. " At the close of my remarks I moved that the Swallow amendment be tabled. My motion was immediately seconded. Robert Patton, of Springfield, Ill., said he wanted to ask me a question : Is it entirely fair for you to finish your re-marks against Dr. Swallow's amendment and close the debate by moving to table the matter ? I wanted to speak on the question, and others undoubtedly have something to say. I appeal to your fair-ness to withdraw your motion.' I said : I, agree with Mr. Patton that the other side ought to have an opportunity to be heard, now that the matter has come be-fore the convention. I do not favor, and do not want, a prolonged agitation of the question ; it can result in no good to the party. I will withdraw my motion to table, and yield the floor to Mr. Patton, with the distinct understanding that at the close of his remarks, I will renew my motion.' The second refused to agree to the withdrawal of the motion. Cries from all over the convention prevented  the withdrawal, and the motion to table was carried." Rev. Mr. Zurcher's Speech That there is a sincere desire on the part of some Roman Catholics to unite with the Protestants in wiping out the liquor-traffic crime, is evidenced by the following extract from a speech made by Rev. Mr. Zurcher, at the Prohibition convention, as reported in the Atlantic City (N. J.) Review of July 13, 1912 Š " I am in this fight to bring Catholics and Protestants together to drive the sa-loons to the gates of hell, where they be-long. I have received many kicks from the Protestant mule and as many more from the Catholic mule (I have received more kicks from the Catholic male than from the Protestant mule), but I can stand them all. I am willing to be kicked in this work until my Heavenly Father says, Enough ! come up higher. I will give $ioo, and Rev. Father Martin Ma-honey, of Minneapolis, has authorized me to subscribe the same amount for him ; and may we stand shoulder to shoulder, you Protestants and we Catholics, until, please God, the last saloon is closed." Rome Carries Her Point And thus easily did Rome win her point in the Prohibition convention. The Catholicity, " heresy," sincerity, or in-sincerity of her tools or allies, as the case may be, do not affect the result in the least so far as she is concerned. There was danger to her in the proposed church-and-state plank. She has escaped that danger. Her representative by his ob-jection to the plank acknowledges for her that she is opposed to the American prin-ciple of the separation of church and state. He further confesses that she is unwilling to forego appropriations from the public treasury to her sectarian in-stitutions. If Rome is, as Cardinal Gib-bons says, " the zealous promoter of re-ligious and civil liberty " (" Faith of Our Fathers," page 264), why do her repre-sentatives cry out in alarm over a plank insuring both religious and civil liberty? 