LIBERTY 39 cates of Sunday legislation throughout the country. The demand for a District Sunday law comes not alone from the clergy of Washington. Every Sunday rest association in the land is interested in the matter. At a meeting of the Ex-ecutive Committee of the Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of America, held in Philadelphia, May, 1907, an ap-peal was made to all the affiliated so-cieties to petition Congress for " an effi-cient Sunday law for the District of Columbia." The International Sunday Rest Con-gress, held, at the Jamestown Exposi-tion, September, 1907, likewise called for such legislation. In a " Report of the International Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of America," distrib-uted at the Congress, appeared the fol-lowing : Š " The District of Columbia has no Sunday law. We should secure one by an act of Congress as soon as possible." Why National Sunday Legislation Wanted Years ago, when the Blair Sunday rest bill was before Congress, the Na-tional Reformers said : Š " The national law is needed to make the State laws complete and effective." Š Christian Statesman, Apia II, 1889. The District of Columbia, it is said, is " the only territory in the Union with-out a _Sunday law," nearly all the States having such laws. In this respect it has been declared " unique." This is true, and it should remain unique so long as the States retain their Sunday laws ; for such laws, being religious, have no rightful place in any civil government. Instead of the national government fol-lowing the States in making religious laws, the States should follow the ex-ample set by the national government in refraining from making such laws. Nearly all the original States had relig- ious establishments; but when the na-tional government set the example of establishing no religion, the States hav-ing religious establishments laid them aside. So should they have done in the matter of Sunday laws. Of the Massachusetts Sunday laws the Boston Post of April 14, 1907, cor-rectly observes : " These Sunday laws are a survival of the complete union of church and state which existed at the founding of the colony." And what is true of the Massachusetts Sunday laws is true of American Sunday laws in gen-eral. They are relics of a complete un-ion of church and state. The Real Object The primary object of this movement is church attendance and enforced Sun-day observance by law. Note the fol-lowing: Š " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-. forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and young women will be attracted to the divine services. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legislatures, and municipal councils, all legislation essen-tial to this splendid result."Š Rev. S. V. Leech, in Homiletic Review, November, 1892. There can be no mistaking the mean-ing of this. Compulsory Sunday laws are set forth as the means of filling the churches with worshipers. In the Christian Statesman, July 3, 1890, Rev. W. F. Crafts said : Š " During nearly all our American his-tory the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sabbath laws." This is true, and it is " the churches " who are now seeking to influence Con-gress to pass national " Sabbath laws." But this will mean the utter subversion of the great principle of religious liberty upon which this nation was founded, the Constitution itself declaring that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Well did the " Sunday Mail Report," adopted by the Senate in 1829, say : Š "All religious despotism commences by combination and influence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon 