LIBERTY 39 The result of the joint meeting of del-egates was a federation to be known as " The Inter-Brotherhood Association." It was the declared design that this as-sociation should become a permanent church organization, and it began at once to legislate for all Protestants in Amer-ica. A resolution was adopted making the first week in December a week of prayer in all Protestant churches. The Inter-Brotherhood Association is expected to become powerful. At the close of the meeting a member said, " The organization is not yet powerful enough to take anything but church work." It was an open secret, however, that this newly organized body contemplates ta-king other than church work. The fact that another religious body is wielding power and influence in the affairs of the nation seems to have created in this new body a longing to become possessed of like power. Unity on a Divided Basis It was stated that the federation of laymen's religious bodies was for civic as well as for religious purposes. No ex-pression was given to any desire for one-ness on the basis of truth. There seemed to exist entire satisfaction with federal unity in diversity, not, as the Saviour prayed, " I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one." Such oneness is attained only by being sancti-fied by the truth of God's Word. For-getting that God has chosen the weak things of this world to confound the mighty, this body turns to human power, Š that of the state,Š for aid in its work. The Brotherhood movement embraces that body of Presbyterians that has been so active as National Reformers for many years, and it is only logical to infer that the whole body will become permeated with the doctrine that the church, being the best element in the nation, ought by right to be the ruling element. The Lay-men's movement, comprising more than a million members, may be counted upon in support of the demand for religious legislation by the government. Although the meeting above referred  to represented a Laymen's movement, many prominent clergymen were present and were the leading speakers of the oc-casion. The leading theme of discussion was the federation of churches. Rev. Josiah Strong, of New York, said, " We need federation in local communities, and if the city is to be Christianized, the world will be Christianized." Federation, in the opinion of this speaker, would solve all social and civic problems. The burden of thought seemed to be that Protestant federation is necessary to counteract an effort to paganize city and country and State Š that is, to counter-act an effort to resist church control. What Would Jesus Do? Think of Jesus, the Author of Chris-tianity, organizing his followers in Judea for the purpose of influencing legislation by the Roman nation in favor of his church ; his followers seeking positions of influence in the government in order to control religious sentiment Š or to ob-tain a complete monopoly of religion. This, on the part of the Saviour, would have been an utter denial of his claim that all power was given unto him in heaven and in earth ; and the further claim that he could pray the Father and he would send to his aid more than twelve legions of angels ; and that he was the Creator of all things. Such a course on the part of his followers would have been a complete denial of their faith in the divinity, power, and mission of Jesus. Jesus was greater than men ; for he was the Creator of men : greater than all created beings ; for he was the Redeemer of men. To believe and trust in his power is redemption ; to trust in men is denial of his power. It is no less a denial of Jesus now when his followers turn for power to another source than to the mighty One. The church was most powerful when, in its purity and loyalty to the great prin-ciples of truth, it went unitedly to all the world, preaching salvation through Christ, in the face of a hostile nation. When it had sacrificed truth for the friendship of the nation, it was shorn of 