SENATOR ROOT, OF NEW YORK LIBERTY 0080 35 wayman or a band of conspirators to do so. Those rights do not emanate from government, but it is the vital purpose of government to protect the citizens in the proper enjoyment of them. It is as great an offense against manhood and civil-ization for those rights to be invaded or destroyed by a majority vote in a de-mocracy, as it is to invade or destroy them by the edict of an absolute monarch. The essential liberties of the people are secured by absolute limitations upon the power of government. It is the office of the Con-stitution to embody those limitations, and the duty of the executive officers and of the courts to enforce thorn. They are of espe-cial importance to the weak and the poor ; for the strong and the rich are better able to take care of themselves. There can be no liberty in the real sense unless the government is effectively denied the power to invade the inalienable rights of the citizen. . . . Liberty is not a matter of grace ; it is an inherent right ; and history abounds in illustrations of the truth that real lib-erty is secure only where the govern-ment is powerless to invade it. There is as much, if not greater, need of limi-tations on the power of government in pure democracies as in monarchies. There is no despotism in history more cruel and merciless than the despotism of an unbridled majority.ŠCongressional Record, May 29, 1191, page 1696. In the Senate a resolution admitting Arizona into the Union called forth many opinions pro and con, because of a pro-vision in the constitution of that Terri-tory for removing officials through what is known as the recall. On this question, fundamental principles affecting the in-tegrity of our national being, were dwelt upon by several senators. From the speeches of two of these we quote. Senator Root, among other things, said : Š "Justice Is Above Majorities" Sometimes such questions arise from the conflict of religious opinions. I have heard it said in this hall to-day that courts can never pass upon religious questions. Ah, Mr. President, would any senator say that no court can en-force the provisions of our Constitution in favor of religious liberty? New sects are continually arising in our country, and the votaries of the re-ligious views of those sects are at the beginning small and insignificant minor-ities. Questions regarding their rights as religious bodies, questions regard-ing their rights to freedom of worship and of expres-sion, are protected by the provisions of our constitu-tions, and against the wish, against the prejudice, against the passion of the vast majority of the peo-ple ; the courts, and the courts alone, can maintain the rights of the few to pursue the dictates of their o w n consciences rather than the will of the majority. . . . The framers of our government were largely men who had been religiously brought up, and who had inherited deep religious convictions, and among those convictions was the realization of the fact that among all the virtues that it is incumbent upon men to cultivate and to seek, the virtue of self-restraint stands one of the first. That view of human strength and weakness, sir, lies at the bottom of the religion which we all pro-fess. Whatever be the creed, the de-nomination, the name, there is underly-ing the religion of all of us, as it underlay the religions of the framers of our gov-ernment, the knowledge that we are fal-lible, prone to evil, weak in the face of temptation, liable to go astray, and that we sorely need to restrain ourselves from following our own impulses, by the rule of principles Š principles of re-ligion, principles of morality, principles of justice. We know that but for some ruling principle, we are sure to err, and that our holding to the straight path depends upon our fidelity not to the im-pulse or the wish of the moment, but our 