LIBERTY 139 has been one day when I thought it bet-ter to take a drink of alcoholic liquor, even in moderate degree. And in foreign lands I have adhered strictly to my prin-ciples, following closely the same man-ners that I employed at home, and I have yet to hear a single criticism of my act, either at home or abroad. " And let me impress upon you," con-tinued the speaker, directing his finger at the audience, " American diplomacy is not of that kind where you have to make a man drink to deal with him." " You can't neglect the period of youth," he said. " These children are given to us by God and are our sacred trust. They have a right to look to the father and the mother for example, and woe to the child whose parents set an ex-ample that cannot be followed by the rule of Christian principle. Let the old and the young alike study the Word of God; then how much easier will it be to make Christ a reality Š the living, vital-izing force in every community."Š The North American, of Philadelphia. Bryan's Wineless Dinner " WE did not intend to magnify, by mentioning it, the importance of the non-use of wine at the dinner given to Am-bassador Bryce, Monday night; but as the papers have made some inaccurate references to the matter, the facts might as well be known. " This was the first dinner which we have given to members of the diplomatic corps, and therefore the first time that we came into conflict with the social custom of serving wine at dinner. The seven other ambassadors then in the city, and their ladies, were invited to meet Ambassador and Mrs. Bryce ; and as all the gentleman guests present were from foreign countries, I thought it proper to explain to them the reasons for our fail-ure to conform to what seems to have been customary in this matter. " Believing that the issue should be met frankly in the beginning, I told them when we sat down to table that Mrs. Bryan and I had been teetotalers from our youth, as were our parents be- fore us, and had never served liquor at our table ; that when the President was kind enough to tender me the port-folio of state, I asked him whether our failure to serve wine would be any em-barrassment to the administration ; and that he generously left the matter to our discretion. " I suggested that I thought it unfair to assume that those coming to us from abroad would judge us hashly or be willing to tolerate the maintenance of a traditional custom, and expressed the hope that our friendship would be made so apparent to them and our hospitality so cordial that they would overlook this weakness in us, if they regarded it as a weakness. My remarks were ap-plauded by the company, and we never spent a more enjoyable evening. " That is all there is to the matter, and we can consider the incident closed and the custom established, so far as we are concerned."Š From Mr. Bryan's state-ment printed in the New York Times. A Bartender's Story A BARTENDER, writing an article en-titled " What a Man Will Do for a Drink," in the American Magazine, tells the following story : Š " You remember the old temperance  melodrama in which the drunkard tries to trade his wife's wedding-ring for a drink? Perhaps some of you think it is exaggerated. It is almost amusing to remember some of the things drunkards.  