LIBERTY .23 MUTSUHITO, EMPEROR OF JAPAN class who not only had no protection for the day they keep but suffer the added dis-advantage of laws actually in-imical to their faith and prac-tise. Yet they have employ-ment, provide for their fami-lies, and obey the promptings of conscience. The doctor demanded pro-tection for his church services from the noisy work of build-ing edifices and repairing streets on Sunday, but asked no such " protection " for meetings held in his church on other days, showing by this conclusively that it was the day rather than the people or the service for whose protec-tion he was pleading. As the attendance of the people at the circus prompted the clergy of the year 364 to demand the closing of places of amusement on Sunday, so the attendance of the people at t h e moving-picture parlors prompted the clergy of. the Dis-trict through Dr. Radcliffe to ask for the passage of a measure here which would, among other things, close all places of amusement on Sunday. As the church of the year 364 and onward went speedily into the Dark Ages, we have no reason to expect that the passage of a Sunday law to-day will be a panacea for the spiritual miseries of the people. The close of Dr. Radcliffe's remarks left the proponents of the measure with four minutes of their time unused. This time Mr. Jackson proposed to reserve for the close, which would give them within six minutes of the amount of time they had demanded at the first for their clo-sing argument. This the chairman would not allow, and Rev. J. H. Nelms of the Protestant Episcopal church occupied the four minutes. The one point which he sought to make was this : that the only objection that could be urged against the bill was that it interfered with personal  liberty ; and this, he thought, could be urged against any bill ever passed. Had he learned to recognize the fact that while the state has a right to regulate the relations of men as between man and man, it has no right to regulate the re-lation of men to God or specify men's duties in religious things, he could not have made such a statement. Civil gov-ernment is in the order of God that the natural rights of men may be protected ; but nowhere has God commissioned civil government or any other creature to stand between him and a human soul. The government which attempts to reg-ulate the conduct of men in things relig-ious puts itself between man and God. The establishment.of this nation was the protest of a people to the whole world against such a regime of heaven-defying soul-thraldom. They did not propose that the scions of medievalism, trans- 