LIBERTY 31 Religious Liberty W. A. GOSMER THE cross of Calvary is the demonstra-tion to the universe of the love of God; it is the revelation and the unfolding of the nature of his government, and of the princi-ples of his kingdom. In the cross of Christ are bound up the issues of life and death, and the happiness, the joy, the peace, and the liberties of all God's creatures, both for time and for eternity. The question in-volved in the mighty issue was whether arbitrary force and tyranny should ascend the throne, or whether self-denying love should continue to be the ruling power of the universe. The triumph of the one meant slavery and everlasting death; the triumph of the other, eternal life, and the blessings of peace and liberty in the king-dom of God forever. That God is love must be evident to all who behold the Son of God hanging upon the cross. Looking upon that scene, we behold the price paid for our salvation, and what our emancipa-tion from the slavery of sin has cost. In the beginning he made man free, but man did not retain this freedom. This freedom which man lost in Eden was restored to him in the cross of Christ, and thus he became in a double sense the Author of our liberty. Ldbe and Liberty " If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." One of the strongest evidences that his government in heaven is one of liberty, is the fact that he suffered so ignominious a death to set men free on earth. His pitying eye beheld enslaved humanity groaning in this prison-house of sin. So amazing was his love, so great his solicitude for the lives and the liberties of mankind, and so far-reaching in its consequences was the issue involved, that he left his glory in heaven, and came all the way to earth, in person, in order that he might " pro-claim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Thus to make it possible for men to share once more " the glorious liberty of the sons of God," he came in the most complete self-abasement, in the humility which even the " angels desire to look into," and by an ignominious death, " even the death of the cross," announced to men that fundamental and imperishable principle of his kingdom,Š self-denying love. His life  and teaching here below were but a repre-sentation of his great kingdom of liberty above. As in heaven there was the liberty born only of love, as a consequence, he who came as heaven's representative, would bring only the principles of love and liberty which were found in heaven. Might Versus Right In this world, men had departed from God, and from the principles of, his king-dom. As a result, self-seeking in all its forms was rife. This led to the exercise of arbitrary authority, tyranny, and oppression, to obtain and to maintain the pre-eminence among men. Thrones and world-empires arose, as a consequence, which were em-bodiments of the principles which had taken hold of men, and of the world. Force was required to maintain them, as well as to destroy them, in their turn. Jesus Christ came that he might bring men back to God, and deliver them from self-seeking and from the slavery of Satan. Yet in doing this, he could not employ force, for that would be only to adopt the tyran-nical principles of the slavery from which he came to deliver mankind. It was he who created the human mind free, with the privilege and power of choosing to serve its holy Author, or not to serve him. He would govern man, and the other intel-ligences of his creation, only by their own voluntary consent. This was the basis of liberty and freedom upon which he placed his creatures in the beginning. Now that man of his own accord had through self-exaltation chosen another master, to whom he was in bondage, Jesus came to give man power to humble himself, that in so doing, he might enter once more into the liberty and freedom which he had lost. But as the way to liberty still remained as it was in the beginning,Š submission to God,Šthe only way in which Jesus could bring liberty to men was to teach them the sub-mission on which that liberty depends,Šthe surrender of the soul to God in love. Consequently, there was no element of force connected with his life and teaching. For he could only " proclaim " liberty; he could not enforce it upon any; for, con-sistent with his own nature and plan of government, he could not invade the liberty which he had granted as an inalienable right upon man at his creation, when he bestowed upon him the power of choice for all eternity. 