LIBERTY 117 declaration of policy has been exacted from the Y. M. C. A. which has been guaranteed ioo per cent nonsectarian, and taken in as it stands, ' lock, stock, and barrel.' " Nor does it make for Catholic peace of mind here in Massachusetts to see Governor McCall giving a blanket ap-proval of the Y. M. C. A. designation,' especially when the sectarian amend-ment ' stands fourth on the list of consti-tutional convention business, and the lines are re-forming to push that iniq-uitous measure. " With certain reservations, the Y. M. C. A. occupies in this country a place analogous to the Established Church in England. It takes in all varieties of religious vagary that will wear its collar ; it excludes Jews and Catholics as its English relative excludes Dissenters ; it constitutes a loose yet enormously pow-erful body of active, influential, and wealthy people who, though little con-cerned with its aims and policy, approve everything it does. " In this decision by government of-ficials who knew just what they were doing, the Catholic standpoint is under-stood and ignored. " The American Catholic young man does not doff his religious ideas with civilian dress. As he keeps away from the Y. M. C. A. in times of peace, so he will keep away from it in camp or field. It is estimated that between 300,-000 and 400,000 Catholics out of a mil-lion registered in the recent enrolment. They constitute a body to be respected and reckoned with. " The Y. M. C. A. is as Protestant an association as can be found in this Un-ion. If it lives up to its constitution and the objects for which it was founded, it is bound to be sectarian. If it is now said to have become suddenly nonsec-tarian, thinking folk will opine that it is not to be trusted. " The Knights of Columbus have ap-propriated a million dollars for this rec-reational activity' among the soldiers, hut certainly not to he turned over to the  Y. M. C. A. to use as it sees tit. We see no reason whatever why the Y. M. C. A. should arrogate paramount position by official designation ' in the American army, when in practice its activities will work out, as they always have, in dis-tinctly Protestant lines.- ' " It is eminently fitting that this as-sociation be afforded perfect freedom to accomplish the good work it desires among those who are in sympathy with it and its policy, but when it is proposed to turn over to this plainly Protestant and essentially sectarian organization the moral and recreational welfare of hun-dreds of thousands of Catholic soldiers and in effect and practice setting up an established church in the American army, we think it is going too far. " In this matter the plain words of the Constitution are to be preferred to any felicitous phrasing whatever. The offi-cial ' designation' of the Y. M. C. A. in military work with the broad and unex-ampled powers given to it, is .a tremen-dous mistake. We do not want in the army proselytizing interference either open or disguised." This simply serves to illustrate how difficult it is for the government to have anything whatever to do with religion or religious teaching without getting into trouble. Of course, from the Protestant standpoint the Y. M. C. A. is wholly nonsectarian, but as the Catholics view it, that organization is Protestant, and therefore sectarian. According to Roman Catholic opinion, there can be no true religion outside the Roman Catholic Church. The very ex-istence of the Y. M. C. A. challenges the Catholic view, and its recognition by the government is therefore offensive to Catholics. Secretary Baker is simply face to face with one of .the many prob-lems that confront his department in the conduct of a great war. c. P. R. tVtt St EVERY man has the inalienable right to relate himself to God as he shall choose.  