LIBERTY 65 Teacher himself. He said, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." The public schools are the institutions that belong to Csar. The Bible tells us to go to the church. I believe that the proper place for the teaching and reading of the Bible is the church and the Sun-day-school, but not in public school which is maintained by the popular ex-pense of the people. Mr. R. J. Baldwin: Mr. Speaker, I ex-pect to vote against the bill, and I want to give you my reasons; in fact, I want to be put on record. My reasons are these: From what has been said by those who are in favor of the bill, it appears in those communities where it is accept-able and causes no dissension, the Bible is now freely read or can be. I know very well, and I want just to read you what the framers of the Constitution had in mind. The first line that they put when they framed the Constitution of this government, they had in mind the idea to avoid dissension that arose from church and state being mixed together. The very first line says this: " Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-lishment of religion." . . . The passing of this statute raises in my mind and will raise in the minds of some people in sections of our State religious proposi-tions that will creep into the public schools. It is practically a part of the state. It is just as essentially a proper thing to keep out of the public schools as it is to keep these propositions out of any legislative body. I look upon this kind of legislation as mingling church af-fairs with affairs of state, and I agree exactly with the gentleman to my right upon this point. We are simply going to have consequences that don't need to arise unless we pass a statute of this character which affects our public schools. I can say that there are many sections in which there can be no harm in reading the Bible in the public schools, but there are other places where it will not serve the purpose for which it is in-tended, and in some sections there may be quarrels arising that are otherwise ab-solutely unnecessary. Mr. Ramsey: Mr. Speaker and Gen-tlemen of the House, I had expected at the beginning of this session that my col- league, the representative from Delaware County (Mr. R. J. Baldwin), would get upon the opposite side. I didn't expect, however, that he would go there upon this question of reading the Bible in the public schools. I, too, like my colleague, Mr. Baldwin, prefer to be put upon the record as favoring this legislation. I don't agree with the gentleman when he OLGA, DOWAGER QUEEN OF GREECE wife of the assassinated ruler. says that we are not to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe in the Bible, and we believe in reading the Bible, and we are not se-riously opposed to its being read in a public school where the sentiment is unanimously in favor of such reading; but we are opposed to legislation which would make such an exercise compulsory in the public schools regardless of cir-cumstances. While the theory of the separation of church and state. strictly applied, would forbid any kind of relig-ious exercise in a public school supported 