LIBERTY 45 yellow man is not degenerating. He can shoot as straight as a white man now ; and, undegenerated, he can live on one tenth of what is necessary for the white man while they are in the field doing the shooting. A race of degenerates can not occupy the American continent. In this generation our people must take their choice ; in the next generation it may be too late. There is no alternative. We are fairly in the death-grapple. All the pages of history are crying out to Amer-ica, Conquer the great destroyer, or perish.' The first law of nature, self-preservation, which holds for a nation or for a man, demands of the nation the death-warrant of the saloon. " Suppose America should go down be-fore this destroyer, whither will a rural and frugal fragment of America go to start a new empire? History leaves no hope to go back eastward. There is no longer any westward. We have reached the shores of the last ocean. In Amer-ica the star of empire moving westward finishes the circle of the world. " In America we are making the last stand of the great white race, and sub-stantially of the human race. If this destroyer can not be conquered in young America, it can not in any of the old and more degenerate nations. If America fails, the world will be undone, and the human race will be doomed to go down from degeneracy into degeneracy till the Almighty in wrath wipes out the ac-cursed thing." Mr. Woolley, in a masterly address, said among other things :Š " A prohibitory liquor law is directed at the business of selling poison as a beverage and of maintaining a rendez-vous for temptation, dissipation, and dis-order. It says to no man: Thou shalt not buy nor drink though it may, and may well, come to that. It is in the na-ture of a quarantine regulation, which never says, ' Thou shalt not catch yellow fever,' but, Thou shalt not spread yel-low fever.' Incidentally, a law that re-strains a man from selling liquor to his neighbor, diminishes the neighbor's lib- erty to spend his own money and ex-periment with his own body, but that does not make it a sumptuary law. " Prohibition rebukes personal selfish-ness. But how does it violate personal liberty? Personal liberty, according to Judge Cooley, our greatest writer on constitutional questions, is simply that condition in which rights are established and protected by means of such limita-tions and restraints upon the action of individual members of the political so-ciety as are needed to prevent what would be injurious to other individuals, or prejudicial to the general welfare. That is to say, ' Obedience to law is lib-erty,' and the liquor dealer is incorri-gibly a traitor in the camp of law. " Absolute liberty exists only where the person possessing it is powerless to in-jure others. A shipwrecked man, alone on a raft in mid-ocean, has it, but would give the whole world to swap it for the limitations ; that is to say, the enlarge-ments of civil liberty Š the only kind of liberty that anybody but a fool or a villain counts worth having. In short, absolute liberty is only the obverse side of vital bankruptcy. " The liquor business is injurious to everybody, including the owner, and prejudicial to every public interest. No-body denies that. Prohibition is not tyranny, but protection for all men, women, children, and domestic animals. " Does prohibition hurt business ? ŠYes, all the business that tends to ruin Š brothels, gambling-dens, the white-slave trade, vagrancy, begging, pawning, divorcing. But it helps every business that makes for more abundant life.' " S. B. H. 111-.111111.-11  Civil, liberty, the great end of all hu-man society and government, is that state in which each individual has the power to pursue his own happiness according to his own views of his interest and the dic-tates of his conscience, unrestrained, ex-cept by equal, just, and impartial laws.ŠSharswood's Blackstone, 127, Note 8. 