16 LIBERTY Religious Liberty in Germany H. F. SCHUBERTH IT is more than a hundred years since the ardent desire of the nations for free-dom has supplanted the dark shadows of heathenism and the middle ages. The United States of America was the first land to accord perfect liberty of faith and conscience to every citizen, as is provided in the Declaration of Independ-ence and the national Constitution. However, since 1848, the Germans have also in their fundamental law had the following articles : Š " ART. 5, SEC. 14 : Every German has full liberty of faith and conscience. ART. 33, SEC. I : The enjoyment of state or township rights shall not be de-pendent upon nor hindered by the relig-ious belief of any citizen. " ART. 35 : No one shall be compelled to take part in any ecclesiastical cere-mony or festival." So much for the letter : but inŁ  prac-tise it is found to be quite a different matter; for very often he who would proclaim any truth of the Bible which is opposed to the church established by the state in which he may be living, has many difficulties placed in his way. In the German empire the established relig-ions are the Catholic, the Evangelical, and the Jewish confessions. So far as the state is concerned, one is not permitted to exercise any other belief. For ex-ample, if the parents have not allowed their children to undergo the customary infant baptism, these little ones must be subject to many inconveniences as soon as they enter school. It is just the same way if a youth of fourteen does not wish to be confirmed ; but the greatest diffi-culties appear when an unbaptized per-son is to be buried. There are many in-stances also where preachers, who are not recognized by the state, are denied the privilege of saying a word or of offering a prayer at the burial of one of their own members. A few years ago, I was at a certain place, and experienced something of this. Two policemen were  sent to the cemetery to take notice of our proceedings, and in case I had requested those who were present to offer merely a silent prayer, I should have been taken at once to prison. Ł In certain parts of Germany, the out-look, so far as religious liberty is con-cerned, is still very dark. In one grand duchy, for example, no religion except the Lutheran is allowed. On the nine-teenth of May, 1909, a number of believ-ing Christians assembled in the capital city of this grand duchy, and desired to study the Scriptures with one another in one of their own dwellings; each was fined $1.25, and the minister who was present had to pay $5 fine. The conditions are about the same in one of our small and most densely popu-lated kingdoms,Š a land whose Lu-theran subjects are ruled over by a Ro-man Catholic king, and which might be characterized as the cradle of the Ref-ormation. On the twenty-seventh of April, 1909, the following notice was re-ceived by a gentleman residing in one of the leading cities of this kingdom : Š " As is known here, representatives of the Seventh-day Adventists have repeat-edly baptized adherents of this sect. Although these baptisms have not been brought about by them, still they have given their consent to all those things which were necessary for their accom-plishment, and they have personally been present. In consideration thereof, the repetition of this or of similar offenses, which are classed under the participation in Ł forbidden religious ceremonies, is hereby definitely forbidden, with a threatened punishment of one hundred marks' fine; in default of the payment of which ten days' imprisonment for each offense will be the penalty. " Inside of fourteen days from the re-ceipt of this notice, you are to pay five marks' cost at the district police station." In harmony with these words, a dis-senter is threatened with a fine if he 