CONSTITUTION or THE UNITED STATES Š FIRST AMENDMENT Š Congress shall make NO LAW respecting an ESTAB- LISHMENT of RELIGION OHIBITING the FREE EXERCISE ther 0 D Enforced Obedience or Voluntary Acceptance By W. F. Martin ALL religious legislation has had as its object but one thing: The en-forcement of certain dogmas held by some man or class of men. There has been coupled with this, the fear that, if left without the power of the civil law, these doctrines would not find favor in the minds of the masses. No religion which commends itself, and which reaches the souls of men, needs the power of civil legisla-tion. Place two dog-mas side by side : one may win, the other lose. The one which wins, will ask for no help from the civil power. It has in itself the elements of suc-cess. That one element is truth. Souls hungry f o r the bread of life see in it that which is satisfying. No need of driving them to it. Its beauty draws them. The o t h e r, lacking these elements, resorts to force; unable to win by its virtue, and thus to reach the soul, it ap-peals to the civil power and rules the body, compelling an outward obedience to a pretended spiritual doctrine. Any religion which has not the in-herent power to perpetuate itself is not worthy to live. When the Prince of Orange was fighting his great battle against the Spanish Inquisition in the Netherlands, he was opposed by Philip of Spain, Cardinal Gramelle, and other intolerant bigots. It was supposed that to without the ax, the fire, and the rack, the Catholic religion would be extin-guished; "for as most of the people are ignorant fools, the heretics will soon be the great majority if by fear of punish-ment they are not kept in the true path." Such work does not convert the soul, nor make men better. A law compelling men to be baptized, would not benefit those who should unwillingly receive this rite. It could compel a seeming ac-ceptance, which in the religious realm amounts to hypocrisy. A law compelling men to keep Sunday or any other day as if they thought it sacred, would be enforcing a religious dogma and compelling people to acqui-esce outwardly in the religious ideas of others. 