Editorial Our Position WE desire that all shall know for what LIBERTY stands. We shall therefore pub-lish again and again a clear statement of our position. We are Christians. We believe in the Bible as the infallible Word of God, a suffi- cient rule of faith and practise. We are Protestants. We protest against the intru-sion of the civil magistrate in matters of faith. Because we are Christians and Protestants we are uncompromisingly op-posed to all efforts to subordinate the state to the church or the church to the state. We believe that God ordained both the church and the state, but that their spheres of action are entirely distinct. This prin-ciple was recognized by Jesus Christ when , he said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." We have no sympathy with the views of infidels or atheists, and we are not in league with any enemies of Christianity. Our opposition to the misguided efforts of those who are seeking to reform the world by constitutional amendments and religious legislation is based upon our belief in Christianity and our desire for the prosper-ity of both the church and the state. We are profoundly impressed with the con-viction that no greater misfortune could happen to the cause of Christ in the earth than that its professed representatives should seek an alliance with the state, or should seek to establish Christian usages upon a legal basis in the constitution and the laws of the land. We are equally sure that when the state yields to the demands of such a mistaken zeal in behalf of Chris-tianity, and attempts to extend its sphere of control into the field of religion, it enters upon the path which will lead to internal disorder and ultimate downfall. In the interest of a church free from hypocrisy, and a state free from corrup-tion, we shall oppose every effort to commit the government, either state or national, to religious legislation of any kind under  whatever pretext, and we invite all who are in sympathy with our position to unite with us in this opposition. We regard this as a true service to be rendered to the cause of genuine Christianity. Christian Endeavor THESE are beautiful words. They indi-cate an earnest, determined effort in the right direction, a struggle against the sin and wickedness of this world. All about us are those who are seeking for the vain and fleeting things of this life, Ñ wealth, position, show, and honor. Envy them not. Think of the queen, who, when about to die, exclaimed, "A kingdom for a moment of time." Look at the great army of skeptics and unbelievers, who ridicule the Bible and mock at prayer. They try to persuade them-selves and others that the Christian religion is a delusion. But as the grim Reaper, with his sickle, draws near, like Voltaire, they are forced to exclaim, " I am taking a leap ¥ in the dark." Many seek the gilded halls of pleasure, the theater, the card table, the dance, to find happiness and joy. But what a mis-take ! When death begins to feel for their heart-strings, how empty appear all these things they have loved ! Like one, they remorsefully exclaim, " Gather up my in-fluence, and bury it with me." To endeavor to be a Christian Ñ to live and labor as a Christian Ñ is the noblest thing one can do. As Christians, we should constantly labor for others; but we should always be careful to labor in Christ's way. In our efforts to save souls we should never forget that we are to persuade men, but never to compel them. Force has no place in the gospel of the Son of God. The Christian's weapons are spiritual, not car-nal. He is to use the sword of the Spirit, but not the sword of steel. Knowing the " terror of the Lord," we are to persuade men to flee from the wrath to come. Re-ligion is a thing of the heart, and only faith and the voluntary service of love are ac-ceptable with the Lord. 