24  LIBERTY " I am from Russia, the land of intoler-ance; the land of a union of church and state. I have seen the scars on the wrists of the missionaries whom you sent to my country,Ñ scars made by chains placed on them by Russia's union of church and state. I joined the Baptist church in Russia because it trusted in God, not in the state. And now I come to America and enter my beloved Baptist church, and hear you petitioning Congress for a law to bind MARTIN LUTHER chains on the wrists of your fellowmen. In the name of God, send your petitions to the throne of God, and not to the Congress of the United States." Yes, in our own time, there is need of calling the pulpit to stand loyal and true to the Great Commission: " All power is given unto Me. . . . Go ye therefore." The Proper Tribunal IN settling religious controversies appeal should be made to the Word of God, not to human councils, courts, and laws of men. " To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not according to this word, it is be-cause there is no light in them." Isaiah 8:20. The Sabbath Not a Proper Subject for Legislation J. S. WASHBURN THE seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," not of the state. The highest au-thority in the universe has, once for all, legislated on the matter of the weekly rest day. " God is a Spirit," and His law is " spiritual." The rest of the Sabbath of the Lord must, therefore, be a spiritual rest. Only those who are spiritual, in other words, only those who are free from sin, can properly keep the Sabbath. And only the Spirit of God, received through faith in Christ, can free a man from sin, and enable him to keep the spiritual Sabbath of the Lord. Hence, for any man or any human government to attempt to legislate on the matter of the weekly rest day, is an assumption of that power and authority Which belongs to God and to the work of His Spirit. It is an attempt to do that which, in the very nature of things, is impossible. " The carnal mind is not sub-ject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Human legislation can secure only an outward obedience. It can not reach the heart. Hence, earthly, human government, can, in the very nature of things, deal only with that which is outward; and even then. rightfully, only with that which pertains to the relationship between man and man. It can compel civility under civil penalties. It can not properly deal in any way whatso-ever with the relation of man to his Maker. An outward observance of even those religious forms that are right, while the heart is full of evil, is but the whitening of the sepulcher that is " full of dead men's bones and all manner of uncleanness." Open wickedness is better than hypocrisy. The greatest calamity that can come to the humble. spiritual church of Christ is for it to be popularized, and filled up with those who are satisfied with a legal, outward service, who are simply obeying the human. and not the divine, law.  Baptism, the Lord's supper, the true Sabbath, or any spiritual ordinance of God, could not suffer a more terrible blow than to be legally enforced by the state. Christians, who, in obedience to the law of God, and following the example of Christ. observe the seventh day as the 