90 LIBERTY An Adverse Report on National Reform FORTY-THIRD CONGRESS First Session HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Report No. 143 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF GOD AND THE CHRISTIAN RELIGION IN THE CONSTITUTION Feb. 18, 1874.Š Ordered to be printed Mr. Benjamin F. Butler, from the Committee on the Judiciary, submitted the following azpowr " The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of E. G. Goulet and others, asking Congress for an acknowledge-ment of Almighty God and the Christian re-ligion in the Constitution of the United States, having considered the matter referred to them, respectfully pray leave to report: " That, upon examination even of the meager debates by the fathers of the Republic in the convention which framed the Constitution, they find that the subject of this memorial was most fully and carefully considered, and then, in that convention, decided, after grave delibera-tion, to which the subject was entitled, that as this country, the foundation of whose gov-ernment they were then laying, was to be the home of the oppressed of all nations of the earth, whether Christian or pagan, and in full realization of the dangers which the union be-tween church and state had imposed upon so many nations in the Old World, with great una-nimity that it was inexpedient to put any-thing into the Constitution or frame of gov-ernment which might be construed to be a reference to any religious creed or doctrine. " And they further find that this decision was accepted by our Christian fathers with such great unanimity that in the amendments which were afterward proposed, in order to make the Constitution more acceptable to the nation, none has ever been proposed to the States by which this wise determination of the fathers has been attempted to be changed. Wherefore, your committee report that it is inexpedient to legislate upon the subject of the above memorial, and ask that they be dis-charged from the further consideration thereof, and that this report, together with the petition, be laid upon the table." Benjamin Franklin was a member of the committee which drafted the First Amendment to the Constitution, designed  to safeguard the rights of the individual citizen touching religious belief and prac-tice, and expressly limited the powers of Congress on this subject as follows: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." Franklin stated that the reason why they drafted this First Amendment was not because they felt hostile to God, Christ, or the Christian religion, but because they were friends of religion ; and then he added : " When religion is good, it will take care of itself ; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to ap-peal to the civil power for support, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one." Our forefathers, who founded our Re-public and framed our fundamental law, knew that the only proper basis for reli-gion was, not a legal acknowledgement of the civil government or the decision of national assemblies, but the sure foun-dation upon which Jesus Christ placed the Christian religion, namely, himself Š the Rock against which the powers of hell shall not prevail. To place the Christian religion upon any other foun-dation or support is to deny faith, not only in the pronouncement of Jesus Christ, but in Christ as the only founda-tion. It seems strange that Protestants should seek to place the Christian reli-gion upon more than one foundation, and petition State legislatures and the Federal Government for the establish-ment of a legal religion contrary to the Federal Constitution. Yet there are bills now pending before Congress, and recently in State legislatures, upon this very point of acknowledging God, Christ, and the Christian religion in the Fed-eral and State constitutions. Some of our churches seem to have a hard time leaving politics alone. It may be that we are suffering from the result of alien influences in America. It takes some people a long time after they come to this country to abandon their European conceptions of the necessity of 