LIBERTY 27 labor, carried a little further, would send him from the jail to the poorhouse. How comes it that the legislative eye was so keen to discern the needs of the oppressed barber, and yet was so blind to his toiling brethren in other vocations? " I believe that a fair and impartial con-sideration of the principles involved in this question will convince one that Sunday laws confessedly interfere with inherent and unalienable rights of the people. The Peace Conference W. A. COLCORD ONE of the most significant and anom-alous signs of the times is the general cry of peace amidst almost universal preparations for war. While peace con-ferences are being held, and peace pal-aces and peace monuments are being erected, there is going on the most gi-gantic preparations for war ever known in the history of mankind. Two peace conferences have now been held at The Hague, one in 1899, and one the present year. The first, called by the czar of Russia for universal disarma-ment, resulted in neither disarmament nor the prevention of war. Since then England, Russia, Japan, Spain, South Af-rica, the United States, and other nations have been engaged in war, and war prep-arations have gone on at an ever-increas-ing rate. The war budgets have gone into the hundreds of millions, and war-ships have been turned out, a single one of which is equal, in cost and strength, to almost a whole navy of a few decades ago. And what can be said of the results of the conference which has been in session during the past four months? We will let others speak. Of this the Chicago Record-Herald, of Sept. 24, 1907, says : Š " Those who have attempted a summary of the acts and omissions of the Peace Congress, so called, at The Hague, have found very little for the credit side of the account." While the conference was still in prog-ress, the Washington Post, of July 12, in an editorial headed " The Bogus Peace Conference," said: Š " If the Peace Conference at The Hague has accomplished anything beyond inspiring a feeling of disgust among all peace-lovers who have read of its deliberations, it has  demonstrated the fact that perpetual peace among the nations is nothing but a vision. The delegates have not only failed to make any progress toward realizing the splendid delusion of universal peace, but they have apparently gone out of their way to stir up passions which should have been allowed to slumber. There has been as much in-trigue at The Hague on this occasion as though the conference had been called to slice up China. The spirit of selfishness has ruled, and the aim of each batch of delegates has been to secure all possible advantage in dickerings which have as their basis preparations for war. The mur-der of peace, and not its preservation, is the mainspring of the conference at The Hague. Under the pretense of seeking means of ' ameliorating the horrors of war,' each bargainer is figuring on the even-tualities of war, and trying to secure a position where war would be to his ad-vantage." A little later, July 19, under the heading, " Failure at The Hague," the same journal spoke again as follows : Š " It may be perceived more clearly than ever that tlie conference at The Hague is not being conducted in the interests of peace and humanity, but is being made a dickering place for delegates instructed to overreach their opponents if possible. The leading nations are using The Hague Con-ference as a means of discovering the weak points of possible adversaries, and of in-creasing their own advantage in case of war." And on August 3o the Post headed still another editorial, " The Humbug at The Hague," in which it spoke of " that solemn jest, The Hague Conference." How the conference is regarded in Eu-rope may be gathered from the following dispatches from London and Paris, under date of September 22 : Š " To call the International Peace Con-ference at The Hague a fiasco would merely be to repeat the public opinion of the whole of Europe. The greatest disappointment to the delegates is the failure of the con-ference to have established a permanent court of arbitration. The question of a reduction in expenditures for armaments, . . . long since has been forgotten, and in the reviews of the proceedings now appear-ing the question is seldom, if ever, men-tioned." 