28 LIBERTY " Hoping it will not be necessary for me to proceed further in this matter, I beg to remain, as always Š " District Attorney." Several things are apparent from this notice: ( ) That some one had reported the Sunday opening of these merchants to the District Attorney; (2) that the attor-ney was reluctant to enforce the State Sun-day law, that he did not intend to do so unless complaint was again made to him against these men, and that then he would do so only as a matter of duty, and would consider it an " unpleasant " one to per-form; (3) that the attorney recognized Sunday laws and their enforcement as a possible means of oppression. He did not proceed at once against these men, although well assured that they had violated the law, because he did not wish to be " oppressive." So far as the law and his official rights were concerned, he could have proceeded against them at cnce; but his humane in-stincts, and his unwillingness to become an oppressor, got the better of both the law and the opportunity to enforce it. In this simple notice is revealed the real nature and character of all Sunday laws, and how out of place they are upon the statute-bocks of civil government. Think of a district attorney's treating any real crime in this way. Think of his posting up notices to thieves, robbers, and murderers, notifying them that he did not wish to be oppressive, but that if complaints were made again of their robbing or murdering men, he would feel it his official, but unpleasant duty to proceed against them according to the laws of the State against theft and murder ! Sunday laws are' a relic of the days of religious tyranny and oppression. and every one of them should be repealed the wide world over. They are evidences of neither civilization nor salvation. John Stuart Mill on Liberty THE great writers to whom the world owes what religious liberty it possesses, have mostly asserted freedom of con-science as an indefeasible right, and denied absolutely that a human being is account-able to others for his religious belief. The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in  our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it. If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind. The opinion of an overruling majority, imposed as a law on the minority, on ques-tions of self-regarding conduct, is quite as likely to be wrong as right ; for in these cases public opinion means, at the best, some people's opinion of what is good or bad for other people, while very often it does not even mean that, the public, with the most perfect indifference, passing over the pleasure or convenience of those whose conduct they censure, and considering only their own preference. There are many who consider as an injury to themselves any conduct which they have a distaste for, and resent it as an outrage to their feelings, as a religious bigot, when charged with dis-regarding the religious feelings of others, has been known to retort that they disre-garded his feelings, by persisting in their abominable worship or creed. Unless we are willing to adopt the logic of persecutors, and to say that we may persecute others because we are right, and that they must not persecute us because they are wrong, we must beware of admit-ting a principle the application of which to ourselves we should resent as a gross in-justice. The only ground, therefore, on which restrictions of Sunday amusements can be defended, must be that they are religiously wrong,Š a motive of legislation which never can be too earnestly protested against. The notion that it is one man's duty that another should be religious, was the foun-dation of all the religious persecutions ever perpetrated, and if admitted, would fully justify them. Though the feelings which break out in the repeated attempts to stop railway traveling on Sunday, in the resist-ance to the opening of museums, and the like, has not the cruelty of the old perse-cutors, the state of mind indicated by it is fundamentally the same. It is a determina-tion not to tolerate others in doing what is permitted by their religion, because it is not permitted by the persecutor's religion.ŠEssay on Liberty. 