28 LIBERTY the land the traveler can see, from the win-dow of his coach, mile after mile of barren, almost desert country ; no sign of living activity appears, save the falcon as he cir-cles far above, over the mountain peaks. Where are the industrious throngs which once dwelt in these now uninhabited huts? Three different crusades were undertaken by Spain at different times against as many different religions. In 1492 took place the expulsion of the Jews. " No one," said a writer of that veriod, " could behold the  destructive were its tortures, burnings at the stake, and other methods of conversion, that one historian points to these years as a time when practically a whole religion was extinguished. Later, in 1603-09, took place the expul-sion of the Moors. " More than half a million of the most intelligent, skilful, and industrious inhabitants of the peninsula were driven into exile." To spill innocent blood means to extermi-nate the innocent. Now it is a truth ap- GRAND CATHEDRAL, MEXICO CITY, MEXICO sufferings of the Jewish exiles unmoved. A great many perished of hunger, especially those of tender years. Mothers, with scarcely strength to support themselves, carried their famished infants in their arms, and died with them. . . . One might have taken them for specters, so emaciated were they, so cadaverous in their aspect, and with eyes so sunken; they differed in nothing from the dead, except in the power of mo-tion, which indeed they scarcely retained." At this time, it has been estimated that from one hundred and sixty thousand to eight hundred thousand were exiled. During the years 1556-98, Philip II kept up the swift, searching work of the cruel Inquisition against the Protestants. So  parent to all, that the innocent form the foundation upon which a nation stands. They compose the wealth-owners; they fill the armies, man the navies, and, by their spirit which exacts obedience to all good and just laws, are the strongest barriers against disorder and lawlessness. To molest such, as they go quietly on in the perform-ance of their duty, for the mere matter of a difference in religious belief, is to strike a blow at the prosperity of the nation. It means that unnatural union of the civil power and religion, whcse offspring has al-ways been disaster. In contrast with the preceding example of Spain under the dual direction of church and state, let us consider the condition of 