' Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thered.-  Leviticus 25 to. VOL. XIII SECOND QUARTER, 1918 NO. 2 Another Sunday Law Drive By C. P. AS matter for this issue of LIBERTY is being prepared for the printer, the District of Columbia is expe-riencing the beginnings of another drive of the church-and-state forces of the na-tion for a Sunday law for Washington. The present seems to be regarded as an opportune time for the introduction of measures that have back of them more insistence and enthusiasm than merit. The thought of the promoter of question-able " reform " measures seems to be: Rush them through while Uncle Sam is busy with other, and to him greater, con-cerns, for under prevailing conditions mi-nor measures are not likely to be scanned very closely. And certainly pending Sunday bills will not bear very close scrutiny. There are two kinds of Sunday legisla-tion: the first and rarest kind treats Sun-day as a dies non, or no day, and seeks to leave every man free on that day, as far as possible, from the demands of business. We have an example of this sort of legislation in the words " Sun-day excepted," in Article I, sec. 7, par. 2, of the Federal Constitution, and nobody can reasonably find any fault with it. For various reasons a vast majority of the people want Sunday " off," that is, they want to be free on that clay from the exactions incident to the ordinary af-fairs of life, and to this there can be no reasonable objection. Bollman The situation is quite similar on the Fourth of July and Christmas; every- body wants these occasions free from the ordinary demands of other days, and it is right that, as far as consistent with public safety, their wishes should be respected. In some States no man can be required to defend a civil action on his weekly day of rest, be that day the seventh or the first of the week. Such a law is in the interests of individual liberty. But what shall we say of another kind of Sunday legislation, the purpose of which is not to safeguard the rights of the individual and to minister to his com-fort and happiness, but to exalt and safe-guard the real or supposed sanctity of a particular day of the week as a religious institution? What can be said but that such legislation is in violation of the foundation principles of our American Government ? When the national Constitution was framed, the people, jealous of their lib-erties, withheld from Congress all power to make any " law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." By what right, then, can Congress enact any law requir-ing the observance of any religious insti-tution, ceremony, or rite? What author-ity can possibly be claimed for the national legislature in any such matter? Suppose it does affect only a Federal ter-ritory or district, where, we ask, is the 35 