The Meaning of Religious Freedom As Set Forth in the Federal Constitution By Sanford B. Horton WILLIAM GLADSTONE, the great British Commoner, said of our Constitution, " The Ameri-can Constitution is the most wonderful work ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man." Sen-ator Henry Cabot Lodge, writing of " The Constitution and Its Makers," in the North American Review for July, 1912, said, " With a deep reverence for the great men who fought the Revolu-tion and made the Constitution, when they dealt with elemental questions and fundamental principles, the same yester-day, today, and forever in human history, one follows them because they have proved their wisdom by their success." The great burden of the forefathers who wrought so successfully in lawmak-ing was to provide a government for the nation which would be satisfactory to all the colonial States concerned, without interfering with individual rights and re-sponsibility. Guaranties of civil and re-ligious freedom must be placed in clear and definite terms in the fundamental law of the nation of which they were laying the foundation. That they re-garded religious freedom as primary, may be deduced from a brief reference to the attitude of the leaders of the con-stitutional convention of 1787 and the conventions called to ratify the Constitu-tion. For instance, in the Massachusetts convention we find this record : " JAN. 35, 1788: In the conversation on the sixth article, which provides that ' no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office,' etc., several gentlemen urged that it was a departure from the principles of our forefathers, who came here for the pres-ervation of their religion; and that it would admit deists, atheists, etc., into the general government. . . . "REV. Ma. S HUTE : Mr. President, to object to the latter part of the paragraph under con-sideration, which excludes a religious test, is, 524 I am very sensible, very popular; for flit most of men, somehow, are rigidly tenacious of their own sentiments in religion, and dis-posed to impose them upon others as the standard of truth."Š Elliott's Debates, Vol II, p. 118. In the South Carolina convention, July 3o, 1788, Mr. Iredell, in replying to some opposition to this no-religious-test clause, said : " I consider the clause under consideration as one of the strongest proofs that could bt adduced, that it was the intention of thus, who founded this system to establish a gen eral religious liberty in America. . . . Hap-pily, no sect here is superior to another. As long as this is the case, we shall be free from those persecutions and distractions with which other countries have been torn."ŠId., Vol. IV.  pp. r92-r96. So much for Article VI of the Con-stitution, which, in the opinion of Wash-ington, the president of the convention. sufficiently guaranteed religious freedom. But the Virginia Baptists were not fully satisfied with the Constitution on this point. As a result of their conferring with Madison, the father of the Consti-tution, and Washington, the presiding officer of the constitutional convention, the First Amendment was proposed in Congress Aug. 8, 1789, passed Sept. 23, 1789, and finally ratified by eleven of the thirteen States between 1789 and 1791. By the terms and spirit of the First Amendment not only is angress pro-hibited from making any law " respect-ing an establishment of religion," but it cannot pass any law which might inter-vene by :` prohibiting the free exercise thereof." From the standpoint of the Constitution, then, the right to the free exercise of religious doctrines, teachings, etc., is recognized to be as inherent as is the right to be protected from subversion to any establishment of religion. 