LIBERTY 41 To avoid the religious feature of such statutes and to parry this objection, a number of courts have held that these laws are intended to regulate civil con-duct only. It will be observed, however, that Sun-day laws are two-faced. They not only look toward the temporalities of the cit-izen, but according to the belief of some they visualize the very sanctity of the soul. The divine commandment referred to by the court in the Krieger case says: Š  what method of reasoning can the court, so far as this citizen is concerned, hold that such legislation does not impinge upon his conscience and religious rights, that it simply regulates his conduct as a citizen, and not as a religionist? Is not reason just as much the life of precedent as it is of law? How can a position, like the one instanced, do otherwise than vio-late every principle of logic and disre-gard every appeal to reason? Sunday laws make criminal an act when done on Sunday that is praise- LEADERS OF THE NATIONAL REFORM ASSOCIATION Who would enforce Christianity by law " Six days shalt thou labor. . . . But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20 : 9, to. If to the citizen who believes in the integrity of this command the State, by an incriminating law, should say, " Sun-day, the first day of the week, is the Sabbath," and enjoin cessation from la-bor; and if to the same citizen, who, as a matter of religion, believes in the ten commandments, the Bible says that " Sat-urday, the seventh day, is the Sabbath," and prohibits him from working on that day, and commands him to work the other six days, including Sunday, by  worthy when done on any other day. Do not such laws therefore accomplish indirectly what the state would not dare to do directly ? Do they not in a cryptic way compel the observance of a church institution, thus forming a union of church and state, or laying the founda-tion for such a union? Are they not therefore unconstitutional ? Sunday laws are defended by some on the ground of public health and morals. They claim physical necessity for a reg-ularly recurring weekly rest day. The open violation and the nonuser of the statutes by so many who make this claim, falsify their position. 