Ł jl CU.Łl' .%1TING  etrel CONGRESS, H  ter Smarms . R. 491. 64t=ss H. R. 6468     Ł IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Demeans 6. 1915. airs Sntom, introduced the followlug hill. winch s.ss referred to the Coln. mitteo on the Post Office andŠPost Road, And ordered to be printed. A BILL To amend the postal laws. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent.. 2 lives of the United Slates of America en Congress assembled, 3 That whenever a comet:lint in writing shall be filed -with 4 the Postmaster General that any publication making use of or being sent through the mails contains any article therein 6 which tends Co expose any race, creed, or religion to either 7 hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy, he shall forthwith 8 cause an investigation to be made under his direction and 9 shall within twenty days after receipt of snob complaint, if 10 the facts contained therein are true, make an order forbidding 11 the further use of the, mails to any such publication, but 12 nothing hereid contained shall be deemed to prevent the 13 Postmaster General from restoring such use of the mails to 2 any such publication whenever it shall be established to hie 2 satisfaction that. the publication Intsgceased to print or pub-!3 *Bah such prohibited matter and given him satisfactory assur-4 antes in writing that (hers ssill be no further repetition of 5 the same. -IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Orttmuss 17. 1915. If,. Fersossias, introduced the following bill; winch nos referred in the Cars mutes on the Post Office And Roads end nedered to be printed. A BILL To amend the postal lawi Be it enackd by the Smuts. and House of BeprtseniaŁ 2 tires 4 the United Slates of America in Congress assembled. 3 That whenever it shell be established to die satisfaction of 4 the Postmaster General that any person is engaged. or repro- 5 scans himself as engaged. in the beisincŠ of publishing any 6 obscene or immoral books, pamphlets. pietures, alines, en- 7 gisvings, lithographs photogniplis. o oilier publications, 8 emitter, or thing of an indecent, amoral or scurrilous 9 character, and if such person shall. in the opinion of the ito Postmaster General, endeavor to use the post office for the 11 promotion of such business, it is hereby declared that no 12 letter, packet, parcel, newspaper, book, or other thing sent 13 or sought to be sent through the post office by or en behalf 14 of or to or en behalf of such person shall be deemed mail- 2 1 able matter, and the Postmaster General shall make the 2 necessary rules and regulations to exclude such nom-imitable 3 matter from the mails- Members of the House Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads: Š John A. Moon, of Tennessee, Chairman; David E. Finley. of South Carolina; Thomas M. Bell, of Geor-gia; William E. Cox, of Indiana; Arthur B. Rouse, of Kentucky; Frederick L. Blackmon, of Alabama; Edward E. Holland, of Virginia; Samuel W. Beakes, of Michigan; Daniel J. Griffin, of New York; Peter F. Tague, of Massachusetts; Eugene Black, of Texas; William A. Ayres, of Kansas; Charles H. Randall. of California; Halvor Steenerson, of Minnesota; Martin B. Madden, of Illinois; William W. Griest. of Pennsylvania; Ira C. Copley, of Illinois; Charles M. Hamilton, of New York; Daniel F. Lafean, of Pennsylvania; Calvin De Witt Paige, of Massachusetts; James J. Britt, of North Carolina; J. Kuhio Kalanianaole, of Hawaii. Address: Hon.  House of Representatives, Washington, D. C. (Over) LIBERTY A Magazine of Religious Freedom Editor, CHAS. S. LONGACRE Associate Editors, L. L. CAVINESS, C. E. HOLMES Managing Editor, C. P. BOLLMAN Entered as second-class matter May 1, 1906, at the post office in 'Washington, Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. Published quarterly by the Review and Herald elation, Washington, D. C. PRICES, POSTPAID Yearly subscription 35 cents Five or more copies mailed by Single copy Ill cents address or to five addresses, This Extra, $1 per hundred, or $8 per thousand cents. D. C., under the Publishing A sso- publishers to one postpaid, each 5 LIBERTY MAGAZINE Washington, D. C. ' 