Copyright Boston Photo News Co. RUSSIAN TELEPHONE STATION IN A CAVE 122 LIBERTY church remains in the world only in order that this miracle may be wrought in other lives, that is, to " bear witness unto the truth " for the saving of souls. Ulti-mately the cburch will be neither in nor of the world, but will be entirely re- moved. While it remains in the world, it has nothing in common with the world. The church is in the world for the pur-pose of teaching the religion of Christ. The chief end of this religion is the sal-vation of men from sin. This religion concerns the relations of the individual to God. It is entirely a personal matter be-tween the individ-ual s o u 1 and its Creator. It deals exclusively with t h e spiritual na-ture of man. It seeks to elevate and purify his character. Its ap-peals are made to his conscience, his emotions, his af-fections, h i s mo-tives. Its methods are persuasive, not coercive. It leeks to win, not to drive. It aims at moral and intellec-t u a 1 conviction, which cannot be accomplished b y force. Belief cannot be compelled by vio-lenc e. Stand a man up against a stone wall and threaten to shoot him unless he declares the sun is not shining while he is looking at its very brightness, and for fear of punishment he may declare it is not shin-ing, but he will not believe it. Force has made him a hypocrite, but not a believer. Galileo, because of compulsion and fear of torture, repudiated his teaching that the earth moves, but after doing so he threw his staff to the ground with the exclamation, " It still moves ! " He did  not believe his recantation. Compulsion had no effect on his belief. Force can make hypocrites and mar-tyrs. But it can never make converts. Therefore, under no consideration can it ever be right, nor is it right now, nor has it ever been right, for the church to use force and coercion in the matter of religion. Tampa, Fla. tr COLONEL MAUS, surgeon-general of the Eastern Department of the United States Army, has been retired after a record service of forty-one years in the medical corps. He is the man who organized our Public Health Service in the Philippines a n d cleaned Ma-nila of bubonic plague, leprosy, and smallpox. If knowledge, skil 1, a n d accomplish-ments are any-thing, this man is an authority. He has pointed out re-peatedly that sol-diers do not know how to use alcohol and never will ; that booze was re-sponsible for a large part of the disastrous stomach troubles and men-tal breakdowns of our soldiers in the Cuban and Philippine campaigns. This is his final verdict on the whole subject: Š " Practically all of the crime commit- ted in the army, directly or indirectly, can be traced to the effects of alcohol. Murders, robberies, desertions, courts-martial and dismissal of officers, prison and guardhouse sentences of enlisted men, fights, brawls, broken friendship, misery, wretchedness, and moral degen- 