L I E R 7' 1' 127 " And I, if I be lifted up from the earth. will draw all men unto me." Just here is where many of the min-isters of Christ sadly fail today. It is a lamentable fact that Christ and the Word of Gott are largely tabooed. Reforma-tion, instead of regeneration, has become the slogan of the church. Civil right-eousness is taking the place of imputed righteousness. The law of force is sup-planting the force of conviction. The ministry is sending its petitions for aid into the halls of legislation. instead of winging them heavenward to the throne of God. Civil power is substituted for spiritual power. Form and ceremony are taking the place of the Christian graces. The Christianity that counts is the con-verse of what has just been described. Its keynote is the law of love instead of the law of force, the law of attraction instead of the law of repulsion, the law of choice inste,v1 of the law of coercion. Its power is from above instead of from beneath, from Christ instead of from the  state. Its blessings are that it sets men free from bondage instead of casting them into prison ; it lifts up the fallen instead of casting them down; it entreats the wary instead of condemning them; it offers manna instead of a stone; it Łdraws men instead of pushing them. Its hope is in God instead of in man, in the triumph of truth instead of the triumph of might. The Christianity that counts woos men instead of wounding them ; it encircles them in the arms of love in-stead of confining them in fetters of iron. It offers comfort instead of oppression. It points out a place of refuge to which one can flee, instead of a se-  Told of ex-ecution. Would you win the unbeli.ver, the dis-senter, the non-conformist? then lead him to Christ instead of to Caesar Š to the foot of the cross of Christ instead of the foot of a throne. Deal with him in love instead of malice, and you will cover a multitude of sins, and represent a Christianity that counts. C. S. L. Baltimore and Sunday Ball A Stirring Agitation With Much Involved in It THE city of Baltimore has been in a ferment for weeks over the question of permitting amateur baseball on Sunday, and the matter is not yet settled. The city council was about evenly divided when the matter was put to a vote, and We bill proposing to legalize the playing of ball on Stinday by amateurs was re-jected by a majority of one vote. The press of Baltimore and a consid-erable portion of the influential inhabit-ants have been working in the interests of the bill introduced by Mr. Hiller, be-lieving that it would be more conducive to the health and morality of growing boys if they were permitted to indulge in  this form of exercise on Sunday than if they were required to spend the day chafing in idleness or take the alternative of visiting the river resorts. While the playing of amateur ball is a healthful exercise for those who engage in it, it must be admitted that it is not particularly a religious performance. The true Christian who is seeking to follow conscientiously in the footsteps of his Lord will not be found engaging in athletic sports upon the day which he be-lieves his Lord requires him to observe as a day of rest and worship. Jehovah designed that the Sabbath should be a day devoted to a consideration of divine 