LIBERTY 59 The anachronistic spirit displayed in the document is as singular as its extreme audacity. The Pope ignores the whole tendency of this age when he thus de-clares that any Roman Catholic who dares to cause a Catholic priest to be summoned before a lay tribunal will be excommunicated. A French critic points out that the greatest scandal' of the Motu proprio is the fact that it has been published at a time when a priest is being tried at Viterbo, in Italy, with other members of the hideous and murderous Camorra, on the charge of having com-mitted abominable crimes. Such is the power of the Camorra that it is ex-tremely improbable that the jury will dare to convict. This extraordinary re-minder that they will all be excommu-nicated if they convict will not encour-age them to do their duty. The Ca-morra, whose devotion to the church is well known, will no doubt be grateful to Pius X for his timely intervention. This is how many who are not leaning toward Protestantism are regarding the fatuous edict. It is as alarming to enlightened  and progressive Catholics as to any Prot-estants." It would appear that the Motu proprio is applicable only in such countries as submit to this papal interference in civil affairs; and that where a vigorous pro-test is made, it is deemed inexpedient to insist upon this clerical immunity. Thus in Germany the foreign secretary, Herr von Kiderlen-Waechter, in response to a question in the lower house of the Prus-sian Diet, declared that as the result of diplomatic communications with the Vat-ican it had been clearly laid down in wri-ting that the Motu proprio had no force in Germany. It would be quite in order for the State Department of this government to make formal protest against this latest effort of the Pope to dictate in the affairs of state, and to give the Vatican clearly to understand that the rights of the citi-zens of the United States can not be abridged by any foreign potentate, even though he claims a universal jurisdiction in both spiritual and temporal affairs. Washington, D. C. ft ft ft Religious Liberty Under the Monarchy and Under the Republic of Portugal C. E. RENTFRO SINCE the fall of 1904 the writer has lived in Portugal, where he has been engaged in religious work,Š six years under the monarchy and about one year and six months under republican rule. The constitution for the kingdom was adopted in 1826. A few of its articles bearing on liberty of worship, or toler-ance, are as follows : Š " ARTICLE 6.Š The Roman Apostolic Catholic religion shall continue to be the religion of the kingdom. All other re-ligions shall be permitted to foreigners with their private or domestic worship, in houses to this destined, without ex-terior form of a temple." At that time all or nearly all were really Roman Catholics, and no provi- sion seemed to be necessary for others. We see, however, certain restrictions against foreigners. In Article 145 are given the rights of Portuguese citi-zens: Š " The inviolability of the civil and po-litical rights of Portuguese citizens, that have as a base liberty, individual security, and property, is guaranteed by the con-stitution of the kingdom in the follow-ing manner : . . . Paragraph 4: No one may be persecuted through motive of religion, so long as he respects that of the state and does not offend public morals." Although this article would have an outward appearance of liberty, yet how easily could a pretext be invented to 