24 LIBERTY it shall be unlawful for any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, to labor at any trade or calling, or to employ or cause to be em-ployed his apprentice or servant in any labor or business, except in household work or other work of necessity or char-ity, and except also newspaper publish-ers and their employees, and except also public-service corporations and their em-ployees, in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District:  fruit, confectionery, ice, soda and min-eral waters, newspapers, periodicals, cigars, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances ; nor .to the business of livery stables, or other public, or the use of private, conveyances ; nor to the handling and operation of the United States mail. " SEC. 3. That any person or corpora-tion who shall violate the provisions of this Act shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than ten dollars, or by imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for not more NEW OFFICE BUILDING FOR REPRESENTATIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. In this building the hearing on the Johnston Sunday bill will be held Provided, That persons who are mem-bers of a religious society, who observe as a Sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to the penalties prescribed in this Act if they observe as a Sabbath one day in each seven, as herein provided. " SECTION 2. It shall be unlawful for any person in said District on said day to engage in any circus, show, or the-atrical performance : Provided, That the provisions of this Act -hall not be con-strued so as to prohibit sacred concerts, nor the regular business of hotels and restaurants on said day ; nor to the de-livery of articles of food, including meats, at any time before ten o'clock in the morning of said day from June first to October first; nor to the sale of milk,  than ten days, or by both such fine and imprisonment in the discretion of the court. " SEC. 4. That all prosecutions for vio-lations of this Act shall be in the police courts of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District." The result of the enactment of such a law will be the establishment of a relig-ious institution by law, and its enforce-ment upon the people of the District of Columbia, or upon such portion of them as are unable to prove that they have kept another day "as a sabbath." That phrase is the key that reveals the hidden purpose in the bill. For years the na-tional legislature has been besieged by religious organizations whose purpose it was and is to establish religion by law, 