The Survey of the Field In Germany ON December 4 the leader of the pow-erful Catholic party in the German par-liament uttered a formal declaration of hostilities against the government over the matter of the relation of church and state in that country. In order to ac-complish the passage of certain legisla-tion, the emperor of Germany has for several years been favoring the Center (Catholic) party. That party now de-sires certain advantages which the gov-ernment is reluctant to grant. The Catholic party in the German parliament contends that the anti-Jesuit law of 1872, as interpreted by the Bundesrath (senate), is more severe than it should be. The Catholic leader declares that the 24,000,000 Catholics in Germany are unfavorably affected by the senate's in-terpretation of the law, and that his party " can not continue to have confi-dence that the cabinet or the Bundes-rath will mete out justice to the Catho-lics of the country." The German chancellor made a sweeping denial of the charges, and solemnly warned the Centrists against making the Jesuit question the key-note of their political program, " as no less than 40,000,000 Protestants were united in their opposi-tion to the Jesuit cause in Germany." The chancellor's declaration was received with approval throughout the non-Cath-olic part of the hall. It can readily be seen that with religion arrayed against religion in the politics of a nation, there is created a situation that is both difficult and dangerous. The government is em-barrassed, faction is arrayed against faction, and the bitterness of religious prejudice and animosity is greatly ac-centuated. The purpose of the Roman Church to dominate the government through the Jesuits is at the root of the trouble ; and wherever the Jesuits have TO had freedom to carry out their purposes, the nations have invariably experienced just such embarrassment and difficulties as Germany is now experiencing. And back of the Jesuits is the pernicious prin-ciple of the dominance of temporal af-fairs in the supposed interests of religion by the officials of any church. In the United States The clergy of Boston are being urged to activity in the work of suppressing " Sunday outdoor gambling." No con-sideration seems to be given, by those active in this undertaking, to the fact that gambling is always wicked, is al-ways a corrupter of morals. The Boston Evening Transcript of November 6 states that the clergy of Greater Boston will soon be requested by representatives of their order " to study this question of outdoor gambling, more particularly Sunday gambling, as it appears in their several parishes." The field secretary of the Woman's National Suffrage Alliance, in an ad-dress at Providence, R. I., on Oct. 11, 1912, committed that movement to the work of "preserving and defending" the Sunday institution, declaring it to be a patriotic as well as a religious duty. When the defense and preservation of a religious institution is made a matter of patriotism, it can readily be seen that the principle of church-and-state separa-tion is violated. Certain fish handlers of Gloucester, Mass., who have been regularly curing fish on Sunday, decided recently to dis-continue Sunday work Š all except one firm. Those firms that wished to discon-tinue their Sunday work have taken the matter before ihe municipal council of Gloucester in order to compel the one outstanding firm to do as they do on Sunday. Tlie outstanding firm is a non-union firm, while the others belong to 