11,,oq .,t. Contributed Articles Independence Day and Its Meaning S. B. HORTON SHORTLY after the adoption of the Declaration of Independence by the Col-onial Congress, John Adams wrote a letter to his wife, which has become a historical paper. In this he said : " I am apt to believe that it (the day) will be celebrated by succeeding generations as the great anniversary festival. It ought to be commemorated as the day of de-liverance, by solemn acts of devotion to God Almighty. It ought to be solem-nized with pomp and parade, with shows, games, sports, guns, bells, bonfires, and illuminations, from one end of this con-tinent to the other, from this time for-ward forevermore." In speaking of this letter, one writer says : " These words have proved pro-phetic. That, as a people, Americans have emphasized the lighter part of the prophecy in the spirit of their celebration is greatly to be deplored. The day at times appears rather to be an orgy than a solemn festival: a time of noise and self-indulgence rather than of patriotic joy and thankfulness." When we call to mind the history of our colonial struggle for liberty, and the reasons actuating the adoption of the Declaration, the fourth of July will mean more than simply a day of " noise and self-indulgence." For, while this great instrument had to do primarily with the relations then existing with the mother country under the reign of George III, yet in that memorable document great principles eternal in character were enun-ciated, which have served as the light of the nations in their march toward free government. The American idea of civil govern-ment is very different from the Old World principle. The basic idea of the latter was that a vital and organic union  of church and state was essential to the well-being of the state. The American " new order of things " cut directly across the principle of church and state union. Bancroft has well said : " Amer-ican law was the outgrowth of necessity, not the wisdom of individuals. It was not an acquisition from abroad; it was begotten from the American mind, of which it was a natural and inevitable, but also a slow and gradual, develop-ment." The signers of the Declaration, to-gether with other American forefathers, purposed to found a civil government pure and simple. It was not to be relig-ious, nor yet irreligious. It was not their design to ignore the Deity nor com-pel his recognition. All were to be pro-tected in their " inalienable rights," to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience, or not to worship God at all should they choose. It is strongly urged that as America absorbed very largely of English com-mon law, and that as Christianity was part of the common law of England, our government should be considered as having incorporated Christianity into the law of the land. But this position is untenable. Allan G. Thurman, once jus-tice of the Ohio Supreme Court, in ren-dering a decision in a case involving our relation to the common law of England, said, among other things : " The Eng-lish common law, so far as it is reason-able in itself, suitable to the condition and business of our people, and consist-ent with the letter and spirit of our fed-eral and State constitutions and statutes, has been and is followed by our courts, and may be said to constitute a part of the common law of Ohio. But wherever it has been found wanting in either of these requisites, our courts have not hes-itated to modify it to suit our circum-stances, or, if necessary, to wholly de-part from it"Š Lessee of Lindsley vs. Coates, z Ohio, 243; Ohio Code 116. 