20 LIBERTY referendum in which they participated, is in-dicative of an awakened and militant public sentiment that cannot be coerced or influenced by threats of future punishment or present po-litical disfavor. The people very sensibly voted against the Rhodes measure, and this expres-sion of the popular will should be accepted as a guide for future official action. " The Altoona Times has contended for several years that the blue laws' have no place in this modern era. We have contended that they are against sentiment and in viola-tion of the rights of the people. And this referendum proves that we had not mistaken the thought of the people. The Rhodes propo-sition is as dead as a doornail, and city council-men will fly in the face of popular wrath if they give further consideration to it." The LIBERTY magazine rejoices with the Altoona Times in the victory for the cause of religious liberty. For years  we have carried on a vigorous campaign of education along religious liberty lines in the city of Altoona, and we are glad to see this splendid fruitage as the result of our efforts, so ably seconded by the Times. We do not want to be misunderstood in our opposition to compulsory Sunday and Sabbath observance. We believe that all people should piously and religiously observe the Sabbath, but it is not the business of the state to compel people to observe religious institutions, nor should the clergy ask this of the state. In de-fense of this position we are willing to stake our all, and so is every true lover of religion, truth, justice, and liberty. C. S. L. The Civil Sunday Plea a Religious Fraud BY CARLYLE B. HAYNES EARLY in November, 1916, the Min-isterial Association of Asheville, N. C., began a campaign for a Sunday closing law for business houses. In putting forth their first plea for such a law, they dis-avow all desire for " any legislation whatever that should attempt to control any man's religious beliefs or practices," but base their campaign on " social and civil grounds." This plea for Sunday legislation is be-coming very popular throughout the en-tire country. Sunday law advocates do not dare to reveal the true reasons why they desire such legislation. They hide their true motives under a great show of interest for the welfare of the state. Time was when they came out into the open, and made loud appeals for stringent Sunday laws, well enforced, on the grounds of religion, and for the sake of religion. But these early efforts were met with the declaration of a right, which declara-tion broke all the force of their argu-ments,Š the great right of liberty of con-science and freedom in religion for every human being. The statement of this  truth very clearly reveals the iniquity of the compulsory observance of any reli-gious practice by civil law. Every soul has the most complete liberty to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and cannot rightfully be com-pelled to worship God according to the dictates of some law-making body. And, more than this, as far as human legisla-tion is concerned, every soul has an equal right not to worship God at all if he so chooses. Worship cannot be com-pelled rightfully any more than can the forms by which that worship shall be manifested and expressed. Failing to realize their desires by the use of the religious argument, these Sun-day law advocates, instead of confessing the error of their ways, as they should have done, determined in their hearts that they would carry out their desires in another way. They would deceive the people and their lawmakers into believing that there was no religion in Sunday leg-islation. The Preacher in Politics They at once became great patriots, clamoring for the welfare of the state. 