40 LIBER7 its power. The church exalted by Christ seeks no other power than his. The last-day federation of religious bodies is fitly described in the language of the eighty-third psalm : " They have taken crafty counsel against thy people, and consulted against thy hidden ones. . . . For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee." South Bend, Ind. Religious LibertyŠ Retro- spective J. N. LOUGHBOROUGH SOME persons may suppose that the earnest agitation of the subject of re-ligious liberty by Seventh-day 'Advent-ists is simply an effort to oppose the work of the National Reform Associa-tion. For the information of such, and all others, it may be well to note a few facts. Since the year 1851 it has, been the faith of the Seventh-day Adventist peo-ple, on the authority of the prophecy in the thirteenth chapter of Revelation, that the power there represented, which would finally become a persecuting power, is the United States of America : that here, where there has been so great profession of civil and religious liberty, would yet be seen persecution through the enforcement of the Sunday sabbath, as opposed to the Sabbath commanded in the Decalogue. The same is also set forth in the warning of Rev. 14:9-12. A Bold Prediction In the Advent Review and Sabbath Herald, Vol. I, No. i 1, May 19, 1851, appeared an article by Elder J. N. An-drews, claiming that the prophetic sym-bol of Rev. 13: 11, 12 represented the United States, and that it would yet enforce, by law, the Sunday institution upon observers of the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. His article was also placed in tract form, and one thou-sand copies circulated. There was no great stir on the Sun-day-enforcement question at that time.  no organization of any sort urging a national movement of the kind. In that article there appeared a quotation from Dr. Durbin, found in the Christian Ad-vocate and Journal, which indicated a possibility of such a movement at some future time. That was the only outside proof presented of an expressed desire for the accomplishment of such an un-dertaking. Elder Andrews' principal ar-gument was based upon the prophecy itself. These are Dr. Durbin's words: Š " I infer, therefore, that the civil mag-istrate may not be called upon to enforce the Sabbath as required in the spiritual kingdom of Christ ; but, when Christian-ity becomes the moral and spiritual life of the state, the state is bound through her magistrates to prevent the open vio-lation of the holy Sabbath, as a .matter of self-preservation. She can not, with-out injuring her own vitality, and incur-ring the divine displeasure, be recreant to her duty in this matter." In the month of May, 1854, I published a pamphlet of fifty-two pages on the subject of the United States in prophecy. Of this one thousand copies were circu-lated. I had no stronger proof for a national movement looking toward per-secution than that which had been pre-sented before by Elder Andrews. Agitation for Political Religion Begins About that time two sermons were preached, by two prominent ministers, that had a strong bearing in the di-rection of the prophecy. One was by J. S. Smart, of the Methodist denom-ination, and was delivered in Jackson, Mich. Many hundreds of copies of this address, in tract form, were circulated. The topic of this sermon was " The Political Duties of Christian Men and Ministers." In this sermon he said: Š " I claim that we have, and ought to have, just as much concern in the gov-ernment of this country as any other men. . . . We are the mass of the people. Virtue in this country is not weak; her ranks are stronger in numbers, and in-vincible from the righteousness of her cause. Invincible if united ! Let not 