LIBERTY 105 attacks all the more dangerous for their fre-quency, and all the more insidious in that they are accompanied too often by the enticements of temporal advantages. Ah, those poor fa-thers of families who are offered free edu-cation for their children at the price of their abandonment of the Church! . . . There is no need to go further in describing the danger which threatens the Faith of the children of Rome; it is enough to pass through the streets of this dear city to understand the innumer-able devices by which the Catholic Faith is attacked in this its natural seat. . . . Who will not grieve, first for the harm which would be brought on this holy city, secondly the scandal to the Catholic world, if Luther and  Calvin planted their tents permanently in the city of the Popes? . . . The plot of these robbers must be destroyed by a strong or-ganization of Defenders of the Faith." These citations need no comment. They speak for themselves as to the attitude of the Catholic Church toward Protestantism. It must be apparent to the reader that there is a world of dif-ference between the exoteric and the esoteric teaching of the Catholic Church in open politics and inside the church. C. What Constitutes a Union of Church and State ? THE Christian Statesman has always professed to be opposed to " a union of church and state," but in favor of " a union of religion and the state." By this we have always understood the States-man to mean that it was opposed merely to the setting up of a state church, such as exists in England, Germany, Sweden, Norway, etc., and in all Roman Catholic countries. But on page 26 of the Statesman for January, 1916, in a special article by James S. Martin, M. A., general super-intendent of the National Reform Asso-ciation, we find this quoted approvingly from a report by the Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections, submitted June 11, 1906:Š "The fact that the adherents of the Mormon Church hold the balance of power in politics in some of the States enables the first president and twelve apostles to control the political af-fairs of those States to any extent they may desire. Thus, a complete union of church and state is formed." The words, " Thus a complete union of church and state is formed," tell the exact truth, no matter what church or churches it may be that either singly or combined are enabled to control the state Š shape its policy, choose its officers, dictate its legislation. That this is true was recognized more than eighty years ago in the famous Sun-lay Mail Reports. one to the Senate and  one to the House, submitted to those bodies respectively, Jan. 19, 1829, and March 4 and 5, 1830. Among other pat-ent truths and wholesome principles the Senate Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, Hon. Richard M. Johnson of Kentucky, chairman, set forth this : Š " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the commit-tee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens.  If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of ,other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence."Š"American State Pa-pers," Class VII, p. 225. The demands made then were not nearly so comprehensive nor so clearly at variance with the guaranties of the na-tional Constitution as are the demands made now by the Christian Statesman and those who are more or less in sym-pathy with the principles and theories of civil government for which that journal stands. Then, the petitioners were sim-ply asking that the government discon-tinue its Sunday work in the matter of 