LIBERTY  151 Let the saloons be driven out, let philan-thropic men be put in office, and just laws be made and administered. But let it be remembered that it was the mission of Jesus Christ, and therefore that it is to-day the mission of his church, to save people from sin ; and that not from other people's sins, but from their own sins. And let it be remembered that the most dangerous sins are the respectable, popu-lar sins; and that salvation from sin comes not from Christian citizenship," but only from that gospel which is " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. I : 16. Nashville, Tenn. tV Catholics and Protestants Possess Equal Rights F. M. WILCOX ARE Catholics entitled to the same rights, privileges, and prerogatives as Protestants? Is there any reason why members of the Catholic Church should not fill offices of trust under the govern-ment of the United States the same as members of Protestant churches? Ever since the founding of this republic this question has been raised from time to time in various sections of the country by persons strongly anti-Catholic. It¥ has been brought forward anew during the last few weeks by an action of the school board of Charlotte, N. C., in excluding two teachers from the public schools of that city on the ground that they are members of the Catholic Church. Much local feeling has been engendered by this agitation. The following report of the incident was given in the Washington Post of July 23 : Ñ " By a vote of ten to five the school board of Charlotte, the largest city of North Carolina, at its meeting last week discharged the Misses Mary and Helen Clifford as teachers, on the ground that they are members of the Roman Catholic Church. " This action was taken after a public hearing, at which pleas in behalf of the young women were made by prominent Protestant clergymen, a half-dozen of the leading lawyers of Charlotte, and other well-known citizens. Mayor Bland ap-pealed to the school board not to dis-charge the Misses Clifford. " No secret was made of the reasons for the removal of the young women. It was admitted that they were efficient  teachers, and that no charges had been made against their characters. " After listening for three hours to arguments for and against the young women, the school board promptly dis-missed them." As a protest against this action of the school board, a mass-meeting of the citi-zens was called. This was addressed by a number of prominent men connected with the affairs of the city. The follow-ing resolutions were passed at this meet-ing: Ñ " Whereas, At a late meeting of the board of school commissioners two young ladies of culture, high character, and ability as teachers were defeated for re-election for no other reason than that they were members of the Roman Cath-olic Church : now therefore, it is Ñ " Resolved by the members of this meeting, citizens of Charlotte, That we believe the action of the members of the board in defeating them was for the cause above alleged. " We believe that it is contrary to the laws of the United States and to the laws of the State of North Carolina to require any religious test as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust. " We believe the principal foundation upon which this government was built is civil and religious liberty. " We believe that our brethren of the Roman Catholic Church are entitled to the full benefit and enjoyment of these sacred principles. " We consider the action of the ma-jority of the members of the board an act 