REPRESENTATIVE WM. H. COLEMAN OF PENNSYLVANIA 132 LIBERTY The constitution of man is such that for a long time after he has discovered the incorrectness of the ideas prevailing around him, he shrinks from openly emancipat-ing himself from their domination; and constrained by the force of circumstances, he becomes a hypocrite, publicly applauding what his private judgment condemns.ŠJ. W. Draper. rule, the religion of the king became the established worship of the state. Unity of faith, all reasoned, was essential to the integrity of government. The Reforma-tion, therefore, did not introduce religious liberty. The religious war following Luther's death resulted in a victory for Charles, but brought no peace to warring religion ; and the peace of Augsburg. in 1555, could only legalize t h e Lu-theran religion for the time, with the understanding that the religion of the community in the future was to be de-termined by the re-ligion of the prince. Even Calvin, who insisted upon the in-dependence of the church from t h e civil authorities in matters of order and discipline, de-manded, on the other hand, that the secular power should enforce the censures of the church in the punishment of heresy and vice ; but the magistrates in the Swiss republics did not agree with Calvin, even to the extent of his teaching, and the leading Reformers held that excommunication should be in the hands of the civil au-thorities. I refer to Calvin because, like the gen- tleman from New York [Mr. Bennet], I am largely Calvanistic in my beliefs, and cannot therefore be accused of re-flecting on another's religion. And as a student of Calvin I am mindful of the fact that the Spaniard Servetus was com-mitted to the flames in Geneva in 1553 for committing the offense of writing his views on the doctrine of t h e Trinity. Cal v in himself was large-ly to blame for this crime against freedom of con-science and free-dom of speech. and can be ex-cused only on the ground that his er-ror was the error of the time in which he lived. Result of State Religion As a result of this clinging to the old idea of union of church a n d state, followed. in time, the religious wars, with their persecutions and counter persecutions, all of which history should impress us with the truth of the words of Grotius, " To put men in prison on account of their religious belief or persuasions is a great oppression, and, properly speaking, false imprisonment; to fine them or take (Continued on page 156) He's true to God who's true to man; wherever wrong is done, To the humblest and the weakest, 'neath the all-beholding sun, That wrong is also done to us, and they are slaves most base Whose love of right is for themselves and not for all the race. ŠJames Russell Lowell. 