.110.1M..M..ﬂ.411,1Ł..4.4Ł04Ł10404  1111=4140Ł.!1.1. 41.4 I TEMPERANCE 1 ": Does Prohibition Prohibit ? Is Prohibition Right? W. E. GERALD WHY is it that we hear the question, " Does prohibition prohibit? " discussed so much, while so little attention is paid to the primary and paramount question, " Is prohibition right? " Such emphasis presupposes that one may judge the righteousness of a cause by its success. Far from it ! George Washington and Abraham Lincoln had strong convictions of the righteousness of their cause, and those convictions kept them pressing steadily toward the goal in the face of discouraging prospects and fearful odds. The temperance forces of this coun-try have become thoroughly awakened to the fact that in the past this question has been dealt with in an ineffectual way. They are now preparing to train their guns on the very citadel of the enemy. They must reach the system at its source there is no other effectual method. When we wish to stop the operation of a mill, we shut down the head gate, we cut off the source of its power. The liquor business is a mill whose product is destructive to health and benumbing to the brain. It enfeebles and deranges the whole physical organism, inflames the lower passions, and incites to mur-der, theft, sensuality, and every other crime. It is constantly producing pov-erty, degradation, misery, and woe for the individual, the family, and the com-munity. It transforms men into brutes. and affectionate husbands into wife slay-ers. Is it not therefore time that every normal man and woman should cry out, " Shut the head gates and stop this ter-rible evil at its very source "? One might as, well ask, " Does a gun shoot?" as to ask, " Does prohibition prohibit?"Of course a grin will shoot i f the one who manages it will permit it 134 to do so. The writer hails from the old Pine Tree State, which has the prohib-itory plank incorporated in its- funda-mental law. Many years ago this gun was loaded, and it has proved a trusty weapon in the hands of many a chief executive. Three years ago a governor was 'elected who did not believe in using it. He stood the old gun up in the cor-ner, so to speak, and let it get rusty. But when he would not fire the gun, the people " fired " him. Last summer the writer visited nearly all the large towns and cities of the State of Maine, and was pleased to note the complete absence of the open sale of liq-uor. A matter worthy of censure is the continual effort of a great political party to tear down Maine's great bulwark of liberty, and to substitute license, for pro-hibition. The Bible, reason, instinct, and the consensus of opinion of the ma-jority of educated and civilized people. prove that prohibition is the only right attitude of the government toward this evil. This ruinous business must be dealt with in just the same way as the asso-ciated and kindred evils of murder,-theft, white slavery, and the opium traffic. Un-compromising warfare must be waged against it as long as it continues to exist. May the tederal government soon use its great power to free the people from the death grip of the liquor traffic. Then the problem will be instantly solved for our city and State governments. May God hasten the day when the thunders of the prohibitory laws, saying " Thou shalt not " to the distiller, the brewer, and the saloon keeper, shall sound in coiicert from both State and federal con-stitutions in our fair land. South Lancaster, Mass. 