6 LIBERTY itself needs a human law to prevent its dissolution and keep it steady in its course through space. Both are established by the same fiat of the Infinite, and human laws. to preserve or perpetuate either are not only unnecessary and inconsistent, but must be interpreted as a direct im-plication that divine establishments will perish unless supported by the puny hand of the human. Ł THE Thanksgiving proclamation issued by President Taft is criticized by the Christian Statesman for the following reason : Š While reference is made several times to God, no mention is made of his Son. But if the President had mentioned the Son in a way that would have pleased the Statesman, he would have offended the Jews and the Unitarians. This is an illustration of the difficulties that attend any effort to unite religion and the state. The only safe course is to keep them for-ever separate. THUS spoke Pope Pius VII concerning the work of Bible societies : " We have been truly shocked at this most crafty device [Bible societies], by which the very foundations of religion are under-mined. We have deliberated upon the measures proper to be adopted by our pontifical authority, in order to remedy and abolish this pestilence as far as pos-sible, this defilement of the faith so im-minently dangerous to souls. It becomes episcopal duty that you first of all expose the wickedness of this nefarious scheme. It is evident from experience that the Holy Scriptures, when circulated in the vulgar tongue, have, through the temer-ity of men, produced more harm than benefit. Warn the people entrusted to your care, that they fall not into the snares prepared for their everlasting ruin."Š Encyclical of Pope Pius IX,  1816, addressed to the Primate of Po-land. This is authoritative, and sets forth the true position of the Roman Catholic Church in the matter of the cir-culation and reading of the Bible, printed in the language of the people. tV tV " THE Finality of the Higher Criti-cism, or the Theory of Evolution and False Theology," by William B. Riley, D. D., Minneapolis, Minn.; cloth, 223 pages; price, $1. This work is an able answer to the pretentious claims of the higher critics, and an able defense of the Bible as the Word of God. The falsity of the evolutionary and critical hypoth-eses is made so apparent as to be impos-sible of misunderstanding. !V OF ONE of the most interesting and stir-ring books that has come to our desk re-cently on the Roman question bears this title : " Political Romanism, an Organ-ized Opposition to Progress, Destructive of Free Institutions." It contains also a resume of the present-day uprisings against the political activities of the Roman hierarchy in the United States, and outlines the history of the progress-ive and the reactionary forces that have been operating in the United States from its beginning to the present year. The author deals in a very interesting way with the machinations of the Jesuits, es-pecially in their efforts to gain control of the government of the United States, and reveals conditions and operations which ought to arouse every loyal citizen to a sense of the dangers which threaten the liberties of the people. If a copy of this book were in the hands of every cit-izen, it would seem that the rising tide of Roman influence in America would be checked. How the Roman Catholic hierarchy operates in America to manip-ulate politics in harmony with her pur-pose and to compel government officials 