LIBERTY 13 Inasmuch as it was stated in a report to the Senate during the Sixty-first Con-gress, that the Seventh-day Adventists were opposed to a similar bill then before the Senate, because it did not require the observance of the day upon which they rested, it is proper that we should de-clare our opposition to any bill enforcing the observance of any day as a day of rest, even though that day should be the seventh day of the week. And the fact that nearly one hundred thousand per-sons in the United States who profess the Christian faith voluntarily observe the seventh day of the week as the Sab-bath, without demanding any legislation in its behalf, even though secular busi-ness is constantly carried on all about them on that day, is incontrovertible evi-dence that there is no legitimate ground for asking special protection in favor of one day of the week above another. Such laws as protect religious assem-blies on some days of the week, are suf-ficient to protect them on all days of the week. Any further legislation is neces-sarily in behalf of the day, rather than in behalf of the assembly. "Civil Sabbath" a Misnomer The attempt is often made to justify Sunday laws on a civil basis, but it has been truly said by the late Mr. Justice Brewer of the United States Supreme Court: " It is true in many of the deci- sions this separation of the day [Sun-day] is said to be authorized by the police power of the state and exercised for pur-poses of health. At the same time, through a large majority of them, there runs the thought of its being a religious day, consecrated by the commandment, ' Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates.' "Š" The United States a Christian Nation," pages 29, 30. The frankness of this ad-mission does credit to this distinguished jurist, and his statement of the case is entitled to much weight-  in deciding the religious character of Sunday legislation. The Religious Basis Proved That the purpose of legislation in be-half of the first clay of the week is to  establish and protect a religious institu-tion is clearly shown by the phraseology employed in the various Sunday hills which have been introduced in Congress during the last twenty years. The first bill introduced into the Senate, by Hon. Henry W. Blair, of New Hampshire, on May 21, 1888, frankly stated that the act should " be construed, so far as possible, to secure to the whole people rest from toil during the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the religious observance of the Sabbath day." Another bill introduced (Dec. 14, 1909) into the House of Representatives by Mr. Heflin, of Alabama, was entitled " A Bill Prohibiting Labor on Buildings, etc., in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath Day." Several other bills have employed the same form of title as is found in the one now under consideration, namely, " A Bill for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a Day of Rest." No such lan-guage is used in bills relating to the con-duct of men upon other days, and is appropriate to this legislation only on the basis that the day is treated as a religious day. It is further worthy of note that the " Interdenominational Committee on Sunday Observance " for the District of Columbia, in a report dated Oct. I, 1907, made the following statement concerning their work : " The main and necessary feature of such a movement should be the enlistment of all good citizenship for the procuring of efficient Lord's day leg-islation -for the District." This com-mittee, through its chairman, has re-peatedly urged the passage of just such a bill as the one now under considera-tion. District Sunday Law Abrogated It is of interest to recall in this connec-tion that the Maryland Sunday law of 1723, which became a part of the District code by act of Congress in 1801, was set aside in the District police court in Oc-tober, 1907, and that the District Court of Appeals to which the case was car-ried, sustained the decision of the lower court. The opinion of the court of ap-peals was clear and forceful, and appears to us to be pertinent to the present case. We quote briefly from it : " If, therefore, the act in question was intended to en-force the observance of the Sabbath as a religious obligation, and not a civil 