12  LIBERTY subjects, will understand that the Amer-ican colonists were not fighting for three pence a pound but for the rights of free-Men. It is not necessary that the Sun-day law should require a man to attend public worship or recite the apostles' creed, or sing religious hymns, in order to constitute an interference with relig-ious liberty. No Forced Respect for Religion We certainly agree with the Advocate that " it is necessary to the welfare of the people of the United States that there be a general sentiment of respect for religion," but in the name of that Christianity which declares, " Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind," we ask what kind of " respect for religion " will that be which is ex-tracted under threat of pains and penal-ties? Because we believe it desirable that there should be " a general sentiment of respect for religion," we must and ever will protest against any effort to compel an outward appearance of regard for religion, when it is not a matter of the heart. More efficacious than civil laws to accomplish this result is religion itself, revealed in the unselfish lives of those who seek to do to others as they would have others do unto them, and re-fusing to place other people under bond-age in order that they themselves may secure an appearance of greater freedom. The Galilean himself knew how neces-sary it was for the welfare of the human family that each one should assume the right attitude toward the Christian relig- ion, but knowing also that the very es-sence of the gospel is freedom of the mind, he accorded to every one the priv-ilege of either accepting or disdaining the message from heaven. A forced respect for religion may be to formalists a more gratifying form of expression, but it really means an inward disgust molded in the forms of hypocrisy. The Province of Government Will the Christian Advocate, or any other defender of Sunday laws, give a sound reason, other than religious, why " it is desirable that one day in seven shall be a legal holiday." Why not one (lay in six or eight? Has it been scien-tifically demonstrated that the physical system demands exactly this proportion between holidays and non-holidays; and even if this were capable of being de- monstrated, is it the province of civil gov-ernment to enact into law every require-ment for our physical and intellectual well-being? Is it not just as necessary that a man should sleep one fourth or one third of each twenty-four hours, as that he should have one (lay in seven as a legal holiday? Yet the Advocate does not urge that our legislators should pass laws regulating both the amount and the time of sleep. If it were always borne in mind that the business of civil government is to protect every citizen in his natural rights, rather than to attempt to control his conduct. there would be much less said and written about the necessity of moral and religious legisla-tion. If one citizen should interfere with the right of another to sleep at proper times, the courts could take cognizance of such a case, but this is a very different matter from compelling a person to sleep ; and so regarding Sunday laws. If one citizen interferes with the right of an-other citizen to perform religious duties either public or private on any day of the week, civil government has a right to interfere, but when more protection is demanded on one day of the week than on another, the protection is really sought in behalf of the day rather than in behalf of the citizen. This is the real point in all Sunday laws. " Special Protection " The claim that " special protection " is necessary for that one day in seven which is set apart as a legal holiday in 