64.-T7 LIBERTY 25 must lead the march of the nations of the world toward the kingdom of Christ." Every speaker at the convention de-clared Łand emphasized the same idea, and yet all declare they are opposed to a union of the church and state. To the ordinary individual it seems conclusive that if the nation is to " be brought to the feet of Christ in repentance," the nation and church are united, just as much as the individual who is " brought  in the fundamental law of the land, else there could be no proscriptions of other religions. Over and over was the declaration made that " this is a Christian nation," those who made the declaration seeming to forget that if such be the case, then the nation is joined to the Christian Church ; for the Christian Church is, or professes to be, the Christian religion in its organized capacity. But every city in the country is, in every department ASSEMBLY GROUND to Christ in repentance " is united to the church, which is his body on earth. And to have a " nation-wide revival of our national religion," means nothing short of an establishment of the Chris-tian religion ; for no advocate of the Na-tional Reform program will admit the right of any religion but the Christian religion to exist in this country. In fact, they go so far as to declare that this nation must " lay its hand on any relig-ion that does not conform to " the law of God. That again presupposes that the Christian religion is to be established  of its activity, denying the statement that this is a Christian nation. " Jesus Christ is this nation's Ruler," say these reformers ; and, by saying that, charge him with responsibility for all the corruption and injustice and oppres-sion that is swarming in the land. No one has a right to bring such an accu-sation against our Lord, and especially is such a declaration without excuse in view of Christ's own declaration : " My kingdom is not of this world." Said Dr. McGaw, " Our political creed is Christian, and the Constitution should 