LIBERTY 3 munications were received and printed in the September, October, and Novem-ber issues of this publication. The com-ments were varied, suggestive, and in-structive, especially to those who are seeking to interpret the trend of public opinion upon the important question of the right relation between the church and the state. About half the writers opposed the position taken by the correspondent, and the others favored it. The following brief quotations express some of the sen-timents of the former class : Š One writer regarded the expressions of the original correspondent as " strange and wild." Another thought his offense in charging the candidate for the presi-dency with being " against our Lord," " much more objectionable than Mr. Taft's." Other quotations run thus : Š It would be incredible to most men that such a mind as that of your correspond-ent could have survived into the twen-tieth century Š if we had not all come upon that sort of a belated curiosity. I regard the article as the product of a mind tainted with fanaticism. . . . This government is not spiritual, and to try to inject religious creeds into it is to court war most bitter and cruel. I raise my protest against such voices from the Dark Ages as are now under review. The letter in spirit and purpose is un-fair, un-American, unpatriotic, and un-christian. Does your correspondent who objects to Mr. Taft realize that religious tests are forbidden by the Constitution? It seems to me that he overlooks a very important element in governmental af-fairs, viz., the absolute separation of church and state. We have no place in the American re-public for this bigotry. It is the expression of a narrow mind that theologically is living in the six-teenth century, and not in the twentieth. I find no word which can possibly be so construed as to give us Scripture au- thority for opposing the election of a man as president of the United States, simply because he does not believe in the deity of Christ, and fails to accept the literal truth of a portion of the Scriptures. This is a late day for the injection of a doctrinal discussion in a presidential campaign in the United States, . . . the land of moral liberty, ecclesiastical inde-pendence, creedal tolerance, mental reci-procity, and brotherly love. On the other hand, the expressions of agreement with the opposition to Mr. Taft on religious grounds were earnest and strong. To this the following ex-tracts will testify : Š This great nation is, after all the criti-cisms have been spent, a Christian nation. . . . Would it not be a sad comment on this Christian nation to have as her chief executive a man who does not believe in her Christ? The Roman Catholic Church might as well raise to the papacy a man who did not believe in St. Peter. . . . Never has this country been given such a choice as she will have presented to her at the coming election. . . . It will be a choice between a man dedicated not only to his country, but to God and his Christ, on the one hand, and a man who is dedicated to nothing ; for a man who does not accept Christ as a revelation of God disputes that revelation, and a man who disputes that can not be said to be dedicated to anything except the powers of darkness. This is a Protestant Christian country, and by an unwritten law no man is to be permitted to become its chief magis-trate who denies this glorious truth [the divinity of Christ] that lies at the base of all true greatness in a nation. The Supreme Court of the United States, every judge in his place on the bench, has rendered a unanimous decision respecting this matter, and that decision reads, " This is a Christian nation." The distinctively Christian sabbath is upheld by our laws ; how, then, can the mem-bers of the church of Christ in our land consistently and conscientiously place at the helm of state one who professedly, as a Unitarian, rejects the divinity of our Lord, as does William H. Taft? I believe his [Mr. Taft's] election to 