i! ! IErligious Kih A rrig asuriatiort 1 1 1 DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES / Scriptural Basis: " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God i the things that are God's." " The powers that be are ordained of God." 1 r. The Bible is the Word of God, and Jesus Christ the Sa 0 iour of the world. 1 2. The ten commandments are the foundation of all morality, and comprehend 1 the whole duty of man, both to God and to man.  1 3 The religion of Jesus Christ, being founded in the love of God, needs no I Ł human power to support or enforce it. Love can not be forced. I 4. It is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship, or 1 not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided that in the I exercise of that right he does not interfere with the equal rights of others. 1 5. Civil government is of divine origin, designed for the protection of men in 1 the enjoyment of their natural rights. It is ordained to rule in civil things, and in this realm is entitled to the respectful obedience of all. / 1 6. The civil power is not authorized to enter the realm of religion, enacting / Ł legislation to define or to enforce any religious dogma, ritual, or observance Co- 1 ercion in matters of religion always means persecution.  7. All religious legislation on the part of the state, and all movements tending / to unite church and state, are subversive of human rights, persecuting in character i ' and opposed to the best interests of both church and state. 1 8. It is proper, therefore, for all to protest against, and use every laudable and 1 / legitimate means to prevent, religious legislation, or the union of church and state, / 1 in order that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of religious liberty. I 9. The warfare of modern science and modern theology upon the Word of God 1 is a warfare upon the liberties of men, which are defined and guaranteed by that 1 i Word. 1 iro. The liquor traffic is a curse to the home, to society, and to the nation, and a menace to civil order, and should be prohibited by law.  ! For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the 1 Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park. Washington. D. C. (secretary, W. W. i / Prescott), or any of the affiliated organizations given below:Ši i 1 AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil- Idaho, Montana. and Alaska): Office, College i iated organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massa- Place, Wash.; secretary, W. F. Martin. chtisetts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecti- cut, and Rhode Island): Office, South Lan- Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili- i caster, Mass.; secretary, J. E. Jayne. ated organizations in California, Nevada, Ptah. Canadianand Arizona): Office, Mountain View, Cal.; 1 Religious Liberty Association (at-  secretary, J. F. Blunt. filiated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland): Office, Port Hope, Ontario. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia, 1 Central States Religious Liberty Association North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office 169 (affiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Bryan St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, C. B. Steph- i Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col- enson. lege View, Nebr.; secretary, E. T. Russell.  Southern Religious Liberty Association (affili- Columbia Religious Liberty Association (af- ated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten- dilated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office, 2123 New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, 24th Ave., N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, 1 and Maryland): Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; L. A. Smith. secretary, J. L. McElhany. 1. Southwestern Religions Liberty Association i Lake Religions Liberty Association (affiliated (affiliated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin): Office, 213-215 Dean Building, 113 Texas, and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex.; secretary, E. E. Farnsworth. S. Lafayette St., South Bend, Ind.; secretary, i Allen Moon. FOREIGN OFFICES . i Northern Religious Liberty Association (affil- Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S.  iated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa, North W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. Dakota, and South Dakota): Office, Nevada,  Great Britain: Office, Stanborough Park, i Iowa; secretary, M. N. Campbell. North Pacific Religious Liberty Association Watford, Herts, England; secretary, W. T. i (affiliated organizations in Oregon, Washington, Bartlett.  i I 4.,,..m..a.,......,..m,,,..m.,a(m......o.......,,.,...,,...,—,,...,,......,,,,,.....,..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,u..,.,...,,...(aNm.qos.oao.ni.(.oss.t...,r.(..,,....,,..,.,.i. 