Syria Temple A. A. 0. N. M. S. LIBERTY 7 Superintendent Martin stated repeat-edly that they had " a free platform " for " the fullest possible expression of opinion and discussion of the several topics introduced." Evidently the speakers availed them-selves quite fully of the freedom thus guaranteed, for many of them voiced sentiments that were diametrically op-posed to what National Reformers call the fundamental principles of their plat- form. Probably some who had been in-vited to speak did not know fully what the National Reform Association stood for, or if they did, they certainly were courageous in denouncing in strong terms some of the pet theories of the " Reform-ers." For example, the chairman in-troduced Pedro R i v a Zuchelli, representative from Uruguay, by saying : " I do not know his topic or what he is going to say, but as I said be-fore, this is a free platform ; he is at liberty to say anything." However, when this speaker had fin-ished reading his paper, the chairman arose and said, " I cannot let this pass without registering my protest. I dis-sent from and reject the sentiments ex-pressed in this paper." Mr. Zuchelli had described the terri-ble religious conditions that exist in Uruguay under a union of church and state, and had argued strongly the com-plete separation of church and state. Senor Juan Orts Gonzales, from Spain, said that his country was afflicted with " too much religion," but needed " a revival of Christianity." Captain U. M. Bachman, an officer of the Russian army, told of the terrible conditions in Russia, and asserted that  " the church has lost its power. The clergy are suffering want and abuse, and the people blame them for bringing the curse upon their country." Dr. Henry Van Dyke, diplomat, au-thor, and lecturer, spoke on the topic, " The World to Be." He summarized the terrible world conditions, the in-crease of crimes of every description. race riots, holdups, strikes, lockouts, and general industrial and social unrest. " In view of all these things," he con-tinued, in substance, " and their number is innumerable, does the present look like the dawn of a new era, the presage of a new world? Is Utopia just around the corner? May we fold our hands and await the com-ing of a golden age without courts of jus-tice and with-out police pro-tection, without government in-trusted by God with the power of the sword for vengeance on evil-doers ? The old conflict, the struggle of light against darkness, the fight of good against evil, is still go-ing on. " Does any one here imagine that hu- man nature has changed in the last five years ? Look around you; read the ac-counts of the world's happenings; look within yourself, and face the answer. The trouble with a great many good peo-ple is that they are afraid to face the facts. The war is won, and yet in a hun-dred corners of the earth fighting con-tinues. In every country the right to live is imperiled, and the right to pur-sue happiness is almost destroyed by the high cost of living." Dr. Van Dyke concluded by saying that the " new world " was not likely to be realized within this, or the next, or 