6 LIBERTY CLEMENT ARMAND FALLIERES, PRESI-DENT OF FRANCE Asking Congress to Manufacture a Sabbath for the Grocers of the District IT is an anomalous position in which Congress is asked to place itself accord-ing to the provisions of a bill introduced in the House of Representatives on De-cember to last, by Mr. Livingston. The attempt to pass the Livingston bill is an attempt to require of Congress the crea-tion of a sabbath for a portion of the tradesmen of the District of Columbia, that is, the grocers. The bill was known as H. R. 13876, and provided that Š it shall be unlawful for any person in the District of Columbia to sell or to offer for sale, or to keep open any place of business for the sale or delivery of, any groceries or meats or vegetables or  other provisions on Sunday, ex-cept that from the first day of June until the first day of Oc-tober meats sold prior to Sun-day may be delivered at any time before ten o'clock of the morning of that day; Provided, That nothing in this act shall prevent the sale,  of fruit at fruit stands and the regular business of restaurants and hotels. The penalty affixed to the breaking of this remarkable would-be law is from twenty-five to fifty dollars for the first of-fense, and for each subsequent offense a fine of from fifty dol-lars to one hundred dollars or imprisonment for not less than one month nor more than three months, or both fine and im-prisonment, in the discretion of the court. To ask such legislation is to put Congress in an embarrassing situation. What has the Con-gress of the United States ever done that entitles it to create sabbaths for any one? Jehovah declared that he gave man the Sabbath " because that in it He rested from all his work which God had created and made." Gen. 2: 2, 3. The Sabbath which Jehovah instituted, and which he commanded man to keep, was given as a memorial of creation. What creation has Congress Š even the Congress of the United States of America Š ever accom-plished that entitles it to step up along-side the Almighty and command a me-morial rest day, or sabbath, under pains and penalties? It is an indisputable conclusion that it has no such right, either earned by itself or authorized by Deity. Having no such right, even so august a body as the Con-gress of the United States should look carefully to its goings when it is asked to take such prerogaiives unto itself. 