LIBERTY part of divine revelation, and enforce every religious obligation, even to the forms and ceremonies of worship, the endowment of the church, and the sup-port of the clergy." Thus, by reference to these, and every other American State paper, to every ut-terance of the government-makers, we find, without any dissonance whatever, that " to judge for ourselves, and to en-gage in the exercise of religion agreeably to the dictates of our own conscience, is an " inalienable right,"Š an inalienable right which government is bound to up-hold, and to protect the individual in the exercise thereof. We must not forget, however, the work of the noble, the courageous, the Christian Roger Williams, in sowing broadcast the seeds of liberty and "the doctrine of equality before the law," which, perhaps, had more to do than the combined efforts of all others of that early day in giving birth to the ideals of our government, the very chiefest of which was the absolute and total separa-tion of church and state. Williams came to the New World in 1631. Separation from the Church of England had been, with him, a sincere matter of conscience. Instead of mere form, it had been a deep heart work. Arriving in New England, he found a theocratical form of govern-ment, worse, if anything, than that from which he had fled. Who has not felt his heart thrill within him as he read the account of the valiant struggles of this statesman-preacher advocate of popular government, his struggles with the stern old Puritans and their atrocious system of government, his impassioned pleas for the divine right to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of one's own con-science, his ringing annunciation of the grand old principle of " inalienable rights " expressed by the Master himself, Š" Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's " ? With power, and in the demonstration of the Spirit, Williams maintained that the people were the origin of all free  power in government, but that they were not invested by Christ Jesus with power to rule his church, that the ecclesiastical should be totally separated from the civil power, that the magistrate had no right to enforce the first table of the deca-logue. Wonderful history is the story of the life-work of Roger Williams. THE GRAVE OF JEFFERSON His were indeed, and were all, the very principles of American liberty, and of government such as we now enjoy. But alas! For his steadfastness of purpose, for his faithfulness to the cause of right and justice, for his indefatigable labors of genuine love and patriotism, banish-ment is alone his reward at the hands of his persecutors,Š they who had thrown off the tyranny of the pope and substi-tuted for it that of the bishops. The 