172  LIBERTY It is unfortunate that a cause profess-ing to be Christian should thus disap-point men of the world, so many of whom make no such profession. It brings opprobrium upon our Lord him-self when they who bear his name forget or fail to put into practise the princi-ples that actuated him in dealing with others. Perhaps the secret of the unfortunate affair lies in the fact that the National Reform Association has come to con-sider it its own prerogative to decide what are the rights of individuals and what individuals have rights. Frequently in the conventions, or institutes, of the National Reform Association the writer has heard the rights of the individual re-ferred to as " so-called rights " and " mis-called rights." The Portland committee that raised the $15,000 for the World's Christian Citizenship Conference felt that it had a right to know how the money was expended ; but this seems to have been only one of those " so-called rights " or " miscalled rights." And this is the association that would make men moral by human law, that would convert nations en masse by forcing the name of God and of Jesus Christ into national constitutions and making God's law the basis of all human legislation! How in-finitely much better to have the principles of Jesus Christ engrossed upon individual hearts, and make God's law the basis of individual human action! The individ-ual thus controlled will never speak of other's rights as " so-called rights " or " miscalled rights." He will never force his own will upon another, or seek to deprive another of the rights which he demands for himself. In his opening address, Pres. Henry Colin Minton gave expression to the pur-poses of the organization in these words : Ñ  ¥ The spirit of a movement may be known by the spirit of the association  that is behind it. This association be-lieves in Almighty God as the source of all earthly authority, the fountain of all human liberty. .It believes in the uni-versal application of his law alike in the lives of individual men and among the nations of the earth. It believes in the supreme lordship of the Man of Naza-reth who lived on the earth some nine-teen hundred years ago, and who, as the Son of God, is <vorthy to be, and is today, the King of kings and Lord of lords. It believes that in all the chances and changes of human history, in all the strides and stages of this world's devel-opment, allegiance to his scepter is the only spirit in which we are to conquer, and obedience to his law is the condition upon which may be solved all the prob-lems of earth and may be overcome all the barriers that may be encountered. . . . The good Samaritan did a great serv-ice and was a prince among social serv-ants; but he who would clean out the robbers on the Jerusalem-to-Jericho road would have been a wiser social servant. These two paragraphs are character-istic of, and in a way epitomize, all the addresses made at the conference by National Reformers. They contain a strange commingling of the things that are essential in the soul and experience of the Christian, and the things that de-christianize Christianity when an attempt is made to enforce them by compulsion of human law upon all men everywhere. When that is done, we have Babylon again Ñ confusion Ñ the spirit of the Papacy. To the true Christian, God is all and in all ; but there is no process of human law by which he can be made that to all men. The will of God is the supreme law to the Christian; but to attempt to make that will the supreme law to everybody else, whether he will have it or not, is to lay the groundwork for another epoch of religious persecu- tion, and make necessary another In-quisition. Where this association makes its fatal and deplorable mistake is in trying to forge into the shape of iron law, com- 