THE THIN END OF THE WEDGE LIBERTY 41 her' ranks be broken by party names." The other discourse was by " a very popular clergyman," in Concord, N. H., " before a full, delighted audience," who manifested their appreciation by " fre-quent applause." His topic was " The Flag and the Cross." He said : " The Flag and the Cross is my theme to-night. The cross is the symbol of our religion. It reminds us of the fatherhood of God, the brotherhood of man, the sacrifice of Christ, the redemption of the world. The flag is the emblem of our nationality, the symbol of liberty and order. They should be associated, intertwined about our altars. There is no desecration in the act. There is little dan-ger of too intimate a union between church and state. . . . The as-sumption that ministers should not intermeddle with the affairs of the state is a great and dan-gerous heresy. We have undertaken as a nation to divorce the flag and the cross. Would we have our nation prosper, we must solemnize anew the union between the cross and the flag." In the winter of 1857 I published a second edition of my work on the prophetic symbol of Rev. 13 : 11-17. At that time some of the States were getting very zealous for more stringent Sunday laws. Among these was Texas. Of its Sunday law, just then enacted, the Watchman and Reflector said : " The legislature of Texas has passed a bill to establish the ' Christian sabbath,' which provides for punishment, by fine or imprisonment, of such persons as may perform any labor or procure any to be done on Sunday." This law the American Baptist styled  " an oppressive enactment, correspond-ing in character with the legislation, or edicts, which in some Catholic countries demand conformity to the dominant re-ligion. Laws to enforce the observance of the ' Christian sabbath,' " said the Baptist, " are no less repugnant to the principles of religious liberty, and vio-lative of the rights of the people upon whom they are imposed, than would be laws to enforce the observance of Easter, Good Friday, or the practise of infant baptism." Of course these movements added a little force to my pamphlet, showing that the people were beginning to move in the line designated in the prophecy. As yet there was no National Reform move-ment instigated, such as we now see, dis-playing its colors, and clamoring for rec-ognition before Congress itself. Among the first indications of such a movement 