LIBERTY defense in proceedings against the ac-cused. The prosecuting attorney stated to the court that the admission before the jury of the above-quoted testimony concern-ing the religious faith of the defendants would be prejudicial to the State. It seems from this that the State wanted to win its case by denying the defendants their legal right to prove their innocency under the law. When a religious statute runs counter to a man's religious faith, and he is put on trial for refusing to do homage to a religious institution, it seems that no one but a Russian auto-crat or a Turkish despot would refuse to give the accused the privilege of pre-senting the reasons why his religious faith is jeopardized. It seems that reli-gious liberty in Blaine County, Okla-homa, has taken its flight to another planet, when the court denies the right of the individual whose faith is on trial to appeal to the constitutional guaranty of the State as a means of defense. That constitutional guaranty reads : Š No inhabitant of the State shall ever be molested in person or property on account of his or her mode of religious worship. The jury and the court convicted these men as criminals, and penalized their faith by fining each $25 and the costs. The case has been appealed, and is pend-ing future action. Truly " judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off: for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter." We trust the reader will not fail to study carefully the favorable opinions of other learned jurists upon this question, given elsewhere in this magazine. L. }.1 The Best Sunday Observance Found Where There Is No Sunday Law THE best and indeed the only accept-able religious observance is voluntary. The Lord accepts only heart service. A Chicago merchant writes : " Chris-tian homes in Chicago and in New Eng- land differ little Š a careful observance by parents and children of the propri-eties of the day, and mingling together as a family in happy little teachings and enjoyments, which make the day both Christian and pleasant." A San Fran-cisco pastor gives a like answer to the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance? " " Among the Christian people of California. The characteristics of their Sabbath observ-ance are: Sweetness and light ; reverence tempered with love; joyousness and rare fidelity in Christian service; teaching in the Sunday schools and mission schools; visiting the sick, the poor, and the pris-oner; holding service in almshouses and hospitals; giving Christlike ministration to those in trouble,Łwant, and sorrow." Š"The Sabbath for Man," by W. F. Crafts, edition of 1885, page 95. At the time the Chicago merchant wrote to Dr. Crafts concerning Christian homes of that city, there was there no pretense of enforcing the Sunday law ; but that fact did not interfere in the least with the observance of the day by those who wished to keep it. The same is true of California. That State has no Sunday law, and yet it is there that a San Francisco pastor finds the " best Sabbath observance." And why the best? Evidently because vol-untary. !"1 Dangerous Legislation Proposed TIIE bill referred to in our " Open Letter to Congress," written before that body assembled, has been introduced; it reads as follows : Š SIXTY-FOURTH CONGRESS First Session H. R. 491. In the House of Representatives Dec. 6, 1915 Mr. Siegel introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads and ordered to be printed. A BILL To amend the postal laws. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 