LAFAYETTE MONUMENT, WASHINGTON, D. C. 26  LIBERTY What Are Works of Charity and Necessity ? G. B. THOMPSON THE Sunday bill recently introduced into Congress, like those which have preceded it, makes provision for works of " charity or necessity." These words cast an almost impenetrable cloud of obscurity over the meaning and application of the bill. Who is able to determine whether a certain deed is an act of " charity," or a " necessity "? In its truest sense charity is an act of religion, a thing of the heart; and no court, except the tribunal of the universal Judge, can determine the motives of the human soul. Courts have been cast upon a sea of un-certainly, and foundered in their vain efforts to find a harbor, and have become entangled in hopeless contradictions, in  seeking to settle that which no human mind can accurately determine for another. What is the word " charity " intended to cover? Is it relieving pain, helping those in trouble, and doing kindly acts? If so, these can be made to cover a multitude of things which Sunday-law advocates do not sanction. It might be a commendable act of charity to chop wood on Sunday for a sick person, or to take a team and haul a ton of coal to a widow. Would this excuse the man from arrest who chopped the wood or hauled the coal? To provide a free excursion into the country on Sun-day, for the poor from the congested, unhealthy portions of a city, would be a charitable act. But would the men who are employed to run the train be liable to fine or imprisonment? Or should some philanthropic person charter a steamer and take some or-phan children on Sunday down the river for an outing, would this excuse the captain and engineer from arrest for Sunday work ? Then whose " necessity " is meant in the bill? Is it the one who works, or the one for whom the labor is per-formed? A farmer may decide that. in order to get his crop planted in time, it is necessary for him to work on Sunday. Or in harvesting the same, he may think it necessary, in order to save his crop from destruc-tion, that he not only work himself, but employ others on that day. Who is to determine this; the farmer, the judge, or the jury? It may not seem necessary to a contractor to push his work on Sunday; but it may seem imperative to the one for whom the work is being done. Or it may seem to the men working on the job, that it is necessary, in order to provide for their families, for them to work seven days in the week. Who is to be the one to invade the privacy of the home, and settle these questions? Shall it be left with the individual, with repre-sentatives of the National Reform Bureau or with the courts? One man may conclude on a hot Sunday that it is a " necessity " for him to have some " refreshments."  But there are thousands who live year after year without any refreshing drink, except water. It may 