MAISEL, LITTLE GIRL: " Please, officer, arrest that man. He has taken all my father's money, and ruined our home." OFFICER : " Sorry, my girl ; but I can't interfere. I receive a revenue from his business." LIBERTY in a State in which he knew there was not a saloon? What a sense of security, what a sigh of relief, what a feeling of satisfaction, would come to one with such knowledge! Should not every lover of mankind, then, labor to make every State a saloonless State? W. A. C. A Mocker and a Waster THE EDITOR FROM time to time we see statements in temperance journals, and in journals that are not special advocates of tem-perance, setting forth the great waste that comes to the nation each year from the use of intoxicants. We look at it in a general way, fail to comprehend the mighty amount set before our eyes, and so fail to appreciate what figures mean to the individual persons whose savings have been swallowed up in the mammoth totals. For instance, we have in the United  States some two hundred forty thousand saloons, or about one saloon to every three hundred fifty-four inhabitants. We spend about one billion two hundred million dollars annually for liquor. That is the money outlay ; but the real cost of the terrible depredation on the human race no figures can give. There is no formula for its expression. It means that nearly one and a quarter bil-lion dollars have been turned out of the channel of real service into the channel of abuse and waste. In hundreds of thousands of cases it means that the craving for liquor has been satiated for a few moments at the cost of the actual deprivation of food and clothing for those dependent upon the wages earned. It means in thousands upon thou-sands of cases that women who have placed the keeping of their lives and their little ones in the hands of those they loved, have had to stand and see that trust be-trayed for the appeasing of an unnatural appetite. It means that children whose very birth is a legal lien upon the pro-ducing powers of the parents for their suste-nance in many thou-sands of homes are sent ragged and breakfastless to school and hungry to bed year in and year out. It means that the laws whichŁ are for the guarding of life are in effect nullified by other laws which give to this breeder of crime the right to carry on its business at the expense of the peace and the lives of men, women, and children. It means the keeping of jails, state pris-ons, asylums, and hospitals filled with men and women who, but for the liquor business, would be filling the places de-signed for them in the affairs of the 