LIBERTY  17 might move in its freedom and purity and power."Ñ" History of the United States," Vol. II, page 326. May the citizens of this great republic  ever be zealous to maintain arid foster these true principles of civil and religious liberty, and grant " equal and exact jus-tice to all." nt !V True and False Theocracy H HBBARD THE term theocracy is applied to that form of government among men which suggests God as the ruler. Many forms of government, such as imperial, mo-narchical, 'and republican, are controlled by men, and the laws of such gov-ernments are the result of human legislation. Sin having -en-tered our world, these govern-ments were or-dained by God to control those who would not, and those who could not, control themselves. A theocracy is a government in-dependent of hu-man legislation, only as human beings act as in-termediaries b e - tween God and man, as did Moses. It is a government where God is king and speaks directly to the leaders of his people. A theocratic government can deal with both religious and civil measures, be-cause God is the direct ruler and knows what is best for men, and because of this, not one law can be enacted that will -re-sult in hardship or persecution. But civil government is controlled by sinful men, subject to frailties and hu- ¥ man prejudice and bigotry ; and because of this, God has ordained that civil gov-ernment shall deal only with civil meas-ures, and the right to deal with the re- ligious convictions or consciences of men he has reserved to himself. Civil governments have no right to deal with religious issues, and if they do assume the right, they at once become ¥ r a false theocracy. The only heaven-4 4 born right any civil government has in connection 4 with religion is to O O protect its citizens in their worship, whether all agree upon one creed or are divided into many creeds, so long as such 4 creeds keep with- 4 in the bounds of 4  civility. 4  A civil govern- O 4 ment has the O power to deal with crime, but never has it the right to deal with sin. If the civil government could leg-islate on religious questions and en-force laws governing the consciences of men, it would virtually transform itself into a religious tribunal, and its voice would be considered the voice of God ; hence all not subscribing to such laws would be branded as heretics and disloyal citizens. This would be a legislative body taking the judgment-seat of the Deity and constituting a false theocracy. Civil government determines the pen-alty of the criminal by the cvil laws that are incorporated in the statute-books of its state. A theocratic government de-termines the character of the sin by the <><>44.444¥4 ¥  ¥  ¥ t  ¥  ****  ¥ ****  ¥  ¥  t  ¥ ¥  4.  4 +444444444444444444  ¥ 3  ¥ ¥ ¥ * ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 3 + firessibent Filson on labertp America is a name which sounds in the ears of men everywhere as a syn-onym with individual opportunity be-cause a synonym of individual liberty. I would rather belong to a poor na-tion that was free than to a rich na-tion that had ceased to be in love with liberty. But we shall not be poor if we love liberty, because the nation that loves liberty truly sets every man free to do his best and be his best, and that means the release of all the splendid energies of a great people who think for themselves.ÑExtract from the address of President Wilson at the fifth annual convention of the Southern Commercial Congress at Mobile, Ala., on . the 27th of Octo-ber, Congressional Record, Nov. 3, 1913. page 6550. 