The Haverhill Riot BY L. L. CAVINESS IN recent months we have seen a grow-ing tendency in this free land to inter-fere with the freedom of public discus-sion. In many cases speakers have been denied the use of halls or churches for public presentation of certain questions concerning which a class in the com-munity had violent prejudices. In other cases where halls have been secured, the lecturer suffered mob violence. In many cases the proper authorities, instead of protecting the man and making it possible for him to deliver his lecture, have, while perhaps rescuing him from personal vio-lence, hindered the delivery of his lec-ture, and even sent him out of town. According to American law a man has a perfect right to give a public lecture on practically any subject he wishes. Those who differ from him in his opinion do not need to go to hear him. If public sentiment is overwhelmingly against him, .it should be very easy to stop his lecture by simply staying away. Interference with Free Speech One of the most recent examples of interference with freedom of speech oc-curred at Haverhill, Mass. A lecturer, Thomas E. Leyden, wishing to discuss the subject of appropriation of public money to the support of parochial schools, applied for the use of the city hall. The mayor refused his request, but his action was overruled by the board of aldermen, which granted him the use of the hall. The first lecture was given the evening of April 2, but broke up in some dis-order. It was at the time of the second lecture, which was planned for the eve-ning of April 3, that the riot occurred. In anticipation of trouble the entire po- lice department was called out for dufy at seven o'clock, according to the report given in the Boston Evening Globe of April 4. It seemed strange under these circumstances, prepared as the authori-ties seemed to be, that they were unable to handle the situation. This same paper points out another peculiar thing : the crowd at the entrance to the city hall seemed in good humor up to the time that a score of uniformed men appeared. We quote : Š "At seven o'clock a score of uniformed men were sent to the Winter Street entrance, but they had no sooner appeared than the crowd, which had been in good humor up to this time, started to rush the door. Leyden had not ap-peared, but Howland was at a small table in the upper corridor, collecting quarters from the few who broke through the police lines. " The first break was a signal for the re-mainder of the force of police to be sent to the stairways; but the news that Howland was taking tickets reached the crowd outside, and men, women, and children were pushed past the barriers and up over the stairs, some being fairly carried up the second flight." It seems strange indeed that if those who " broke " through the police lines were persons desiring to attend the lec-ture, and who paid 25 cents to do so, " the first break " should be " a signal for the remainder of the force of police to be sent to the stairways." It can but seem that the police were hostile to the holding of the meeting. If not, why should they have done anything more than keep out those who were not suffi-ciently desirous of attending the lecture to pay the fee? The Boston Post of April 4, tells us what next happened : Š " After 15o persons had [each] paid 25 cents' admission and secured entrance to the hall, the police suddenly announced that the doors should be locked." Rich or poor, white or black, great or small, wise or foolish, in season or out of season, in the right or in the wrong, whosoever will speak, let him speak, and whosoever will hear, let him hear. And let no one pretend to the prerogative of judging another man's liberty.Š J. A. Andrews, ex-governor of Massachusetts. 139 