GEORGE 1, KING OF GREECE who was recently assassinated at Saloniki. 64 LIBERTY bill, immediately says that there is only one actually generally accepted Bible, and he proceeds to tell us what the ver-sion of that Bible is. I must say to the gentleman that I don't think he is en-tirely correct. At least, there is a very large population in this country and in other parts of the world who won't ac-cept that version; but as this applies to us, I want to say to the gentleman that I don't agree with his statement.. . . We naturally stand on the ground that this is a Christian nation, but do you gen-tlemen realize that there is only about twenty-three per cent of the people of Pennsylvania and of the United States who belong to a Christian denomination of any kind? That includes all Christian denominations, all religions of all kinds. Only about one third of the people in Pennsylvania Š I don't know exactly about Pennsylvania particularly, but I  will make it one half, then I shall be sure of being in the right Š believe in the Bible; and among those people there may be those who the gentleman says are non-sectarians. The gentleman says that this is non-sectarian, and that the Bible can produce nothing but good, and it teaches only good morals by the read-ing of it. I want to say in answer to the gentleman, that the taking of the Bible and the reading of it has caused an infinite amount of trouble, and the man who fol-lows that through will often find himself in chaos. We have that to-day, and you gentlemen all know it. I don't see why you who have certain things in your Bible should insist that I should read that Bible when I don't agree with all that is in your Bible ; and I do not see why my children should be asked to read that Bible, as I have no right to ask you to read the. Bible in which I believe. You have no right to cram that down my throat any more than I have a right to make you swallow some-thing that you don't want ; and I think that it is only fair that this should be recognized. I think that it is un-American that we impose upon one another in that way. I don't want you gentle-men to think that I am opposed to the Bible, but I want you to know, and I want you to think, that I am opposed to anything in which I have not the same faith, and that I want to stand by that, and I want to see you do the same thing. . . . Finally and ultimately, we can not get the children into any school who will not ask the teacher questions, and some questions will come up and immediately the child will ask questions. What is the teacher going to do ? Will she say, " I don't dare make any comments," and the child will say, " That is strange "? I think that is one great reason why this bill should be defeated. Mr. Wildman: Mr. Speaker and Gen-tlemen of the House, the gentleman from Allegheny has quoted from the great moral teachers, and I wish to say that I received my inspiration from the Great 