148 LIBERTY If you would achieve undying fame, attach yourself to the most unpopular right-eous cause.Š George William Curtis. retary of War, states this clearly: Š " Your errand will not be in any sense or degree diplomatic in its nature, but will be purely a business matter of negotiation by you as governor of the Philippines for the purchase of property from the owners thereof." ŠAnnual Report of the Secretary of War, 1902, p. 235. In order that Mr. Taft should thor-oughly understand the situation, Mr. Root warned him to " bear in mind " certain propositions, " which are deemed to be fundamental, and which should be fully and frankly stated to the other side in the negotiations." The first one of these propositions reads: Š " One of the controlling principles of our government is the complete separation of church and state, with the entire freedom of each from any control or interference by the other. This principle is imperative wherever American jurisdiction extends, and no modifi-cation or shading thereof can be a subject of discussion."Š Id., p. 234. It is true that this country had a rep-resentative at the Pope's court from 1848-70. From the debates held in our national Congress at the time he was sent, it is evident that it was intended that he should merely look after the com-mercial affairs in our business with the Papal States, when the Pope had his tem-poral sovereignty. No Recognition of the Head of the Catholic Church Mr. Jacob L. Martin was the first charge d'affaires of the United States to the Papal States. Before entering upon his mission, he was given definite in-struction by the State Department re-garding America's relation to the Cath-olic Church and its head, the Pope. The Secretary, Mr. Buchanan, wrote: Š " There is one consideration which you ought always to keep in view in your intercourse with the papal authorities. Most, if not all, the governments which have diplomatic repre-sentatives at Rome are connected with the Pope as the head of the Catholic Church. In this respect the government of the United States occupies an entirely different position. It possesses no power whatever over the ques-tion of religion. All denominations of Chris-tians stand on the same footing in this coun-try; and every man enjoys the inestimable rights of worshiping his God according to the dictates of his own conscience. Your efforts therefore will be devoted exclusively to the cultivation of the most friendly civil relations with the papal government, and to the exten-sion of the commerce between the two coun-tries. You will carefully avoid even the ap-pearance of interferring in ecclesiastical ques-tions, whether these relate to the United States or to any other portion of the world. It might be proper, should you deem it advisable, to make these views known, on some suitable occasion, to the papal government, so that there may he no mistake or misunderstanding on this subject."Š MS. Inst. Papal States, I, 3, April 5, 1848. A similar statement was made by the State Department in 1871 : Š " In the United States, Christianity is not prescribed by statute, and the government, as such, is not and cannot be interested in any form of religion. . . . " If, therefore, the United States, as such, exerts no influence upon the religion of its citizens concerning questions of faith and of individual opinion, in the formation of which the government neither has nor can have any voice, it would seem to follow that the United States, as such, should take no greater interest in the propagation of the Christian faith in foreign lands than it does in the development and growth of religious denominations within its own territory; that is to say, the United States cannot well be a party to missionary enterprise in the sense that the missionaries are in any way clothed with an official char-acter, or that they may be granted greater rights and privileges by virtue of their sacred calling than other American citizens engaged in lawful pursuits. . . . The blaze of truth and liberty may at first dazzle and bewilder nations which have become half blind in the house of bondage. But let them gaze on, and they will soon be able to bear it.Š Macaulay. 