courtesy of ise Associa- ton Herald. LIBERTY 81 Roland Parks (above), sitting on the front porch of the Parks' store just as he sat when seen by Constable Connorton, who shot him. Rev. W. F. Godwin (left center), new pastor. Mrs. H. P. Parks (lower left), mother of Roland Parks.ŠWashington Herald, May 4. the dissenter and nonconformist, as in former times? If human nature is still the same, and we have good rea-sons to believe it is, then we must ex-pect that just as surely as water finds its own level, so the history of the past will be repeated under similar condi-tions. The only basis for good will and peace among men who differ on religious ques,  tions is to allow every person to follow the dictates of his own conscience, whether it be Sunday observance or any other kind of religious obligation, with-out infringing upon the equal rights of his neighbor. The LIBERTY magazine has always stood for this great Christian and American principle of religious freedom, and the more frequently we observe the baneful results of compulsory re-ligious requirements enforced at the hands of the civil magistrate, the more we are convinced that our position is safe and sane and sound. Every man should be religious and ob-serve all divine requirements. This is a duty he owes to God. But the state was never ordained of God to compel people to act as if they were religious, by enforc-ing religious obligations upon all citi-zens alike. Such a course can only breed hypocrisy and contempt for religion. Voluntary service and heart religion are the only tributes acceptable to God. A formal, legal religion that compels the outward assent while the heart dissents, Ł is mockery in the sight of Heaven. It does not require a great stretch of the imagination to figure out what would happen if our public officials in America should assume the same attitude toward the Sunday blue law issue as was mani-fested by the Tangier Islanders in this instance. Christ, in predicting the terrible per-secutions which were to come upon his true followers, said : " Yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service. And these things will they do unto you, be-cause they have not known the Father, nor me." The Tangier Island "blue law" church, and Roland Parks, who was shot by a constable for violating a " Go-to-church-or-stay-indoors " ordinance. And yet the people seem to for-get past history so soon. Today there is a clamor for church union and centralization of ecclesiastical authority and power. When a complete union of all the rival and competing churches and divergent beliefs has been perfected, shall we be better off than we are now, or will it mean the wielding of the supreme scepter of authority over llrrrPrrrrrrrrITrrrf7f uill! 