LIBERTY 169 their Master and the repudiation of his Word. The need of the hour is the courage of the martyr, who would cheerfully suf-fer rather than soil his conscience. Our liberties are being threatened, the foun-dations of free government are being sapped, and voices of earnest protest must be sounded in all the land and to all the inhabitants thereof. God's law is the bulwark of liberty, and even this is being assailed, but it can never be overthrown. As Lowell says : Š " In vain we call old notions fudge, And bend our conscience to our dealing ; The ten commandments will not budge, And stealing will continue stealing." The hero of liberty today is he who if need be will stand alone for right, justice, truth, and equity. God and this man are a majority, and triumphant in-deed will be the result of standing with God for liberty. Earth has still its he-roes, and in the crisis they will be re-vealed. God does not leave himself without witnesses. Christians Do Not Persecute BY T. E. BOWEN No Christian will persecute another; for Christians do not persecute. True, professed Christians often have been known to carry forward severe persecu-tion, but there is a wide difference be-tween professed Christians and Chris-tians. So we repeat, Christians do not persecute. " How is that? " do you ask? Christians follow Christ. To be a Christian means that one must follow in the footsteps of Christ Jesus his Lord. And Christ did not persecute. " Persecute.Š 2. To pursue in a manner to injure, grieve, or afflict; to beset with cruelty or malignity ; to harass; especially to afflict, harass, punish, or put to death because of belief, etc., as for the adherence to a particular creed or mode of worship."Š Webster's New International Dictionary, 1915 edition. Jesus pursued no one " in a manner to injure, grieve, or afflict." He beset no one " with cruelty or malignity." He did not " harass, punish, or put to death because of belief," or for the nonbelief of any one, even though some entreated him to do this very thing. This being true, that Jesus in no manner whatsoever, how-ever tempting the provocation to do so, persecuted, it must be true that Chris-tians do not persecute. Two recorded instances alone are suf-ficient to show that Christians are forbid-den by their Lord to persecute: Š 1. Jesus takes his stand against perse-cution. " If any man hear my sayings, and keep them not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12 : 47, A. R. V. Although a time will come when Christ will judge the world, that time was not at his first advent. And as long as the gospel continues to be " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believ-eth," so long will Christ through his fol-lowers Š Christians Š beseech men to be reconciled to God. Hence, during this time Christians will be engaged in saving men, not in persecuting such as " believe not." Any who follow not Jesus' in-struction and example in this particular, cut themselves off from true discipleship ; for " if any man hath not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his," says the Word. 2. Jesus forbids his followers to do this wicked thing. " They went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him. And they did not receive him. . . . And when his disciples [his followers] James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we bid fire to come down from heaven, and consume them? But he turned, and rebuked them." Luke 9 : 52-55. Not a hair of the head of one of the Samaritans was harmed because of their refusal to receive the divine Son of God. Not even were they rebuked, so far as 