LIBERTY 41 nations the truth entrusted to it. Again Rome arose, the center and soul of a sec- ond civilization. This medieval Rome proclaimed the Oriental truth that pos-sessed its bosom, and then in turn its glorious life declined, and it disappeared. But, unique in the history of human an-nals, once more Rome shakes herself free of her grave-clothes, emerges from the tomb, and, center and soul of a new people, broken, disjoined, and recast in unity, resuscitated for a grand nation, passes through the breach of Porta Pia, becomes still another time the apostle of civilization to herald its message of un-ion among men for the progress of hu-manity. . . . In the old days of papal Rome they were always building more churches, while the citizens asked for schools; to-day we have enough churches, perhaps too many; while the more schools we have, the more we want! Such is the significance of the breach in this old wall, citizens! No church without school! Enlightened conscience for every faith ! This is the meaning of modern Rome. Why have I spoken in this way? Why have I recalled the past, comparing it with the present? Do you think it is because of my love of polemics? or that I desire to answer the stupid accusations and insults hurled against us? Š Truly, no. A feeling higher and worthier moves me ; namely, that of putting before your eyes, and above all upon your hearts, the moral responsibilities that rest upon us, to the end that you tarry not along the way, and that Rome, individually and collectively, may be conscious of its duty to country, democracy, and the future. I have spoken at some length of the past with the intention of showing the evils, the enslavements, under the despotism, under the reign of a class, even the priestly class, in the name of religion. If this lesson should be forgotten, and in the prevailing power of one or several classes we should lose sight of the'peo-ple as a whole, the nation, if the country should be bandied about in the hands of personal interests, then this breach would have been opened to kindle strife between  classes, and not for the good of coun-try and mankind. With this conviction, I sent in your name the following telegram to the head of the nation, His Majesty Victor Em-manuel III, who exemplifies the virtue of the country : " While all Italy, from Turin to Marsala, reviewing in thought the resurrection of fifty years ago, meet-ing on this twentieth of September, meas-ures the distance advanced since Italy passed through the breach of Porta Pia to proclaim to the world from the summit of the Capitoline Hill freedom of con-science, freedom of institutions, and Rome capital, we, conscious of our great task, turn our hearts ar}d minds to your majesty, leader and educator of the risen nation ; and we express once more our devout and steadfast affection, our faith in the destinies of the country, foretold and prepared for by the great forerun-ners and instruments of the third Italy." And the answer of the king is this : " I am deeply grateful for Rome's thought of me, and I send the dear city the expressions of my warm affection. With great pleasure I follow the com-memoration of the fiftieth anniversary of our resurrection, a commemoration cele-brated with sure conviction of progress attained and with unshaken faith in the civil liberties. From this celebration of sacred memories I draw for our country happy augury of glorious fortune, and also I repeat the vows that the capital of the kingdom renews on such a solemn day. Signed, Victor Emmanuel." Citizens, everywhere, from Turin to Marsala and Palmero, from Naples to Perugia, to the fields of Castelfidardo, Italy has commemorated the heroic facts of its unity, and everywhere Rome has been present with the hearts of all its citizens and with the word of its repre-sentative. To-day, the fortieth anniver-sary of the beautiful day which sealed the unity of our country, all Italy is present here in its highest representative, the king, who with us remembers the past, side by side with us toils for the present, and, conscious of a common duty, with us prepares the future. May only one 