The Third World's Christian Citizenship Conference A New Phase of National Reform By Our Own Reporter THE Third World's Christian Cit-izenship Conference held meet-ings simultaneously in the Syria Mosque and in the Soldiers' Memorial Hall in Pittsburgh, Pa., from Nov. 9-16, 1919. In this conference were delegates from forty nations. In a way these del-egates represented both church organ-izations and civil governments. It was really a great church council composed of the high dignitaries of the various Christian churches and officers of high rank in civil government. In this re-spect it was suggestive of the great church councils held during the fourth and fifth centuries, which resulted ulti-mately in uniting church and state and preparing the way for the Dark Ages. This world conference was held under the auspices of the old National Reform Association;  the object of which is to establish the Christian religion, with all its laws and usages, as supreme in the fundamental law of the land. The old National Reform Association has been so intolerant in its spirit and so narrow in  its creed, that it is now in ill repute with the average American citizen who stands for civil and religious freedom. This has led the National Reformers for a number of years to style their meetings " Christian Citizenship " Conferences. Many men not only of national but of international reputation were adver-tised to speak at this conference, but as usual many of them never appeared. However, men like Hon. Charles Evans Hughes, Hon. Henry Van Dyke, Sir F. Popham Young, Hon. Orrin Lester, " Ralph Connor," Daniel A. Poling, F. Herbert Stead, George E. Perkins, Hon. P. P. Claxton, and a number of bishops were present and attracted large crowds when they spoke. The subjects consid-ered covered practically every aspect of religious, social, political, financial, in-dustrial, military, and civil lire. The published program stated : " The National Reform Association has sought to exercise due care in the selection of speakers, but it does not assume responsi-bility for individual utterances." Interior of Syria Mosque 6 