G:17 LIBERTY 5 graph taken from one of our ex-changes : Š It is for the want of a healthy infusion of religion into the politics of the coun-try that corruption has become so wide-spread as to be a menace to the nation, and it is only by a return to its teach-ings that a genuine reform, worthy of the name, can be accomplished. The crying need of the times is for an awakened conscience in public affairs, and nothing will contribute to this so quickly and so surely as a recognition of God and his unchangeable laws, not less in politics than in private life. The only way to secure " an awakened conscience in public affairs " is to arouse the conscience of the individual, and this is done, not by uniting religion with pol-itics, but by bringing religion into the individual life. Purity of life can not be secured by act of Parliament ; neither will an official recognition of God and his law by constitutional amendment or by public proclamation cleanse the soul temple from evil or transform the con-duct of the politicians. The place for religion is in the heart ; the fruit of it will then appear in a life in harmony with the law of God. The Golden RuleŠ or Rule Alone? THE whole program of National Re-formism turns around the central idea of such a change of the national Consti-tution as will make that document a foundation for a national Christianity. The nation, say they, " must declare its faith." To do that it must become a partizan in religion. It can not do that without establishing the religion it favors, and frowning upon all others. To adopt such a policy, the nation must perform a complete metamorphosis. Instead of standing for absolute equality between man and man, it would then throw the mantle of favoritism over the professor  of Christianity, and by such an act, put itself as a nation upon the same plane as the nations that have favored and es-tablished other religions. Some have even declared that when the desired change had been brought about, the na-tion must set up the moral law, and lay its hand on any religion that did not con-form to it. Are we, then, to pattern after the heathen nations that have laid violent hands on the ambassadors of Christ? Are we to do to others what they have done to us ? or set them the better ex-ample of doing by them as we would have them do by us? Which is better, the Constitution as it is, permitting and encouraging the principle of the golden rule in these matters, or the Constitu-tion as they would have it, permitting or compelling the performance of acts at complete variance with that principle, and aiming to establish the gospel by law ? Will Italy Follow France? NOT since the days of the Reforma-tion has the Catholic Church suffered so great a humiliation as that which befell her through the dissolution of the French concordat. True, she is at the present time declaring that the condition of the church in France is better than it was before the event took place. But that she would rather have the concordat than the better conditions is evident from the bitter spirit manifested by her toward France and toward the men who were instrumental in putting an end to that historic union. Now a similar movement is being agitated in Italy, the home 'of the Papacy. During the month of Au-gust last, reports from Rome indicated that the Italian Chamber of Deputies was involved in bitter controversy over the question of a wider separation of church and state. The leader in the sep-aration movement is Don Romolo Murri, who is a priest. For his activity in this 