PAPAL CRUSADE AGAINST THE WALDENSES, 1400. A CHAR- ACTERISTIC METHOD OF PROPAGATING THE " GOSPEL " IN THE MIDDLE AGES LIBERTY 189 " We may safely affirm (though contradicted by all the judges and writers on earth) that Christianity neither is nor ever was a part of the common law."Š Appendix to " Reports of Cases Determined in the General Court of Virginia, from 1768 to 1772, by Thomas Jefferson." " That no law shall be made respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, and that the free exer-cise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, shall forever be allowed; and no religious test shall be required for the exercise of civil or political rights. No public money or property shall ever be appropriated, applied, donated, or used, directly or indirectly, for the use, benefit, or support of any sect, church, denomination, sectarian institution, or system of religion, or for the use, benefit, or support of any priest, preacher, minister, or other religious teacher or dignitary as such. Contracting of polyga-mous or plural marriages hereafter is prohibited. That no law shall be construed to permit po-lygamous or plural mar-riages." Š Congressional Record, Aug. Li, 1916. This report, which provides a better plan of government for the Philippine Is-lands, reminds us of another Congres-sional report, which gives the reasons why the Philippine people revolted against their former system of gov-ernment. The report of " The Taft Phil-ippine Commission," transmitted to Con-gress by a message from the President of the United States, Jan. 25, 1901, sets forth the reasons for the general upris-ing against Spain, and the Catholic hier-archy, which was then in authority in the Philippines and practically adminis-tered the government, as follows : Š " The truth is that the whole government of Spain in these islands rested on the friars. . . . The tenure of office of the friar curate was permanent. . . . The same was true of  the archbishop and the bishops. . . . The friars, priests, and bishops, therefore, consti-tuted a solid, powerful, permanent, well-or-ganized political force in the islands, which dominated policies. .. . . " The friars were exempt from trials for offenses, except the most heinous, in the ordi-nary civil courts of the islands under the Spanish rule, and were entitled to a hearing before an ecclesiastical court, and even in the excepted cases trials must first be had in the latter tribunal. " It has been frequently charged that there was much immorality among the friars, and that to this is due the popular hostility against them. The friar witnesses denied the charges of general immorality, admitting only isolated cases, which they said were promptly dis-ciplined. The evidence on this point to the contrary, however, is so strong that it seems clearly to establish that there were enough instances in each province to give considerable ground for the general report. It is not strange that it should have been so. . . " The common people are not generally li-centious or unchaste, but the living together of a man and woman without the marriage ceremony is not infrequent and is not con-demned. It did not shock the common people " You begin by reviling your erring brethren; you will end by taking their lives; for you are on a path where there is no hiding place."Š Roger Williams, pleading the cause of his persecuted brethren before the court of Boston.  