LIBERTY 41 then interference with his happiness, for this cause, in any way, is a crime. Suppose my Christian brother to be in error. Suppose that he also propagates error. For this he is accountable to God and not to me. I have a right to endeavor to convince him, if he be wiling to hear me; and he enjoys the correspondent right. When this is done, my responsibility ceases, and here our whole relation, so far as this matter is concerned, terminates. He has the same right to propagate his error that I have to propagate my truth. The only weapons which I am authorized to use are considerations addressed to his understand-ing and conscience. To use any other is persecution. A frank and manly attach-ment to our opinions, combined with a will-ingness to look upon our own sentiments and those of others in the light of reason, is everywhere honorab'e. But to rely upon anything for the propagation of our senti-ments, betrays either a consciousness of the weakness of our cause or else a selfish disposition to invade the rights of our neighbor. If I have no right to contend with erro-neous religious opinion, except by an appeal to the reason and conscience of men ; if, having done this in fairness and in love, all my responsibility for the progress of that error ceases, then surely every other mode of effort to oppose it must be persecution. It is giving pain for the cause of religious opinions, when I have no right to give pain. If this be so, whi:e it is allowable, nay, while it may be commendable, to support what we believe, by as strong arguments as we please, it is wrong to say or do anything which would give the least unnecessary pain to the feelings of an opponent. It is equally wrong to misstate the opinions of another, or to draw inferences from his opinions which he has not drawn, for the sake of fixing upon him the odium of the public. When men differ in any matter of belief, let them meet each other manfully. Neither has any right to take offense at opinions honestly and plain:y, nay, I will say strongly, expressed. Let each allow this privilege to the other; and then put the whole question to the issue of argument. No man ought to wince from this. No man has a right to complain because, while I al-low him the same privilege, I frankly and decidedly express my opinions. He has no  right to ask that, out of respect to his feelings. I shall not on proper occasions express what I believe to be important truth. He has no right to cherish such feelings, much less to make them the limit to my liberty of speech. Cherishing a can-did though fervent love for truth, we may thus differ without altercation, and disagree without bitterness. If our opinions can not be supported by truth and righteousness, by kindness and meekness, by forbearance and rendering of good for evil, let us abandon them ; for if they can not be sustained by such means, they surely can be Ł sustained by no other.Š Francis Wayland. The Religious Education of Children IT is frequently, maintained that children should have given to them, by the state, the religion of the parents. Some parents would be better if they had the religion of their children, and we have high authority for the idea that it is possible for adults to learn something from an unsophisticated child,Š that childhood, in fact, may be higher in some respects than a subsequent condition. In too many instances in our barbarous state of society at present, chil-dren do acquire the religion of their par-ents ; Łand a great pity it is. In some in-stances it is a slum re:igion of a dangerous and troublesome kind. In another set of extreme cases, not nearly so frequent, it is a religion of mere greed and selfishness and social apathy Š a religion of the trough and the sty. . . . But looking at the matter on its best side, if children are to have the religion of their parents, then the parents are the right people to give it. They can not expect to have it precisely given by deputy.Š Sir Oliver Lodge, in The Con-temporary Review. THE position of coercion taken by so many of the Protestant clergy Š the posi-tion that although they are admittedly in a hopeless minority of all the people of these United States, they would compel all the rest of us to accept of their Sunday dogmas by recourse to law and other methods is a grievous departure from their old battle cry of civil and religious liberty.ŠRev Thomas F. Cashman (Catholic). Ł 