LIBERTY 135 freedom of religion and various other things that will occur to your own minds. Ninety-nine per cent of the American people, I suppose, are nominally Chris-tians. One per cent of the American people are Jews. The people have vol-untarily put upon themselves restrictions with reference to that matter. They have never established the Christian re- ligion as the religion of their country. They had the power to do it. They had the power to refuse to restrict themselves from doing it. But they decreed that for all time there should never be among us an establishment of religion. They were wise enough to know that men always, everywhere, have weaknesses."Š Con-gressional Record, Jan. 30, 1913. ILA PI Thirty-Four Pointed Questions W. F. MARTIN I. Is not a republican government formed for political, or civil, and not for religious purposes? 2. Is it the province of the govern-ment to determine what religion is true and what false? 3. Does good citizenship in the civil government depend upon a profession of Christianity ? 4. Is it not true that whenever any sect has obtained political power, it has persecuted those who would not conform to its ideas of the proper manner of wor-ship? 5. Will not a union of church and state again bring persecution? 6.' Cannot a man be a good citizen and not keep Sunday? 7. Will it make him a better citizen to put him in prison for Sunday labor? 8. Does it disturb your worship to see a man working on Sunday ? 9. Which disturbs you most, to see a man working on Sunday, or to know he is in prison and his wife and children at home alone, needing his support and pro-tection? 10. If you are disturbed less with him in prison, what's the matter with your conscience? 1. Does it disturb you for a man to work on prayer-meeting night? 12. If not on prayer-meeting night, why on Sunday? 13. If it is not wrong to work on Monday, why is it wrong to work on Sunday? 14. If it is wrong to work on Sunday for religious reasons, are not Sunday laws religious laws? 15. If a man can be a good citizen and work on Sunday, and if a Sunday law sends him to prison for Sunday labor, does not a Sunday law make a criminal out of a good citizen? 16. If a Sunday law is a religious law, and the government is a civil institution, then when the government passes a Sun-day law does it not in so doing legislate on religious matters, and thus exceed its proper limits? 17. When the government takes con-trol of religion by passing a religious law, does it not in doing this bring about a union of church and state ? 18. Has not persecution for conscience' sake in the past come as a result of a union of church and state? 19. Is it not true that Sunday observ-ance is an establishment of religion? 20. Does not the First Amendment to the national Constitution forbid legis-lating on a religious establishment ? 21. That being true, is not a Sunday law opposed to the national Constitution? 22. Is not the national Constitution a good American document ? 23. If a Sunday law is opposed to the Constitution, can it be a good measure? 24. Would a law compelling all to keep Saturday be unjust to those who do not think it a duty to keep it? 25. That being unjust, would not a law compelling all to keep Sunday be equally 