LIBERTY 31 Those wanton gospelers, the pigeons yonder, Are now the only sabbath-breakers left. I can not put them down. As if to taunt me, They gather every sabbath afternoon In noisy congregation on my roof, Billing and cooing. Whir ! take that, ye Quakers! (Throws a stone at the pigeons. Sees Nicholas Upsall.) Ah ! Master Nicholas ! UPSALL Good afternoon, Dear neighbor Walter. MERRY Master Nicholas. You have to-day withdrawn yourself from meeting. UPSALL Yea, I have chosen rather to worship God Sitting in silence here at my own door. MERRY Worship the devil ! You this day have broken Three of our strictest laws. First by ab- staining From public worship. Secondly by walk- ing Profanely on the sabbath. UPSALL Not one step. I have been sitting still here, seeing the pigeons Feed in the street and fly about the roofs. MERRY You have been in the street with other in-tent Than going to and from the meeting-house. And thirdly, you are harboring Quakers here. I am amazed ! UPSALL Men sometimes, it is said, Entertain angels unawares. MERRY Nice angels ! Angels in broad-brimmed hats and russet cloaks. The color of the devil's nutting-bag! They came Into the meeting-house this afternoon More in the shape of devils than of angels. The women screamed and fainted, and the boys  Made such an uproar in the gallery I could not keep them quiet. UPSALL Neighbor Walter, Your persecution is of no avail. MERRY 'Tis prosecution, as the Governor says, Not persecution. UPSALL Well, your prosecution ; Your hangings do no good. MERRY The reason is, We do not hang enough. But, mark my words, We'll scour them ; yea, I warrant ye, we'll scour them ! And now go in and entertain your angels, And don't be seen here in the street again Till after sundown ! Š There they are again! (Throws another stone at the pigeons.) STREET IN FRONT OF PRISON JOHN ENDICOTT (SOH of Governor). 0, shame! shame ! shame ! MERRY Yes, it would be a shame But for the damnable sin of heresy! JOHN ENDICOTT A woman scourged and dragged about our streets ! MERRY Well, Roxbury and Dorchester must take Their share of shame. She will be whipped in each! Three towns, and forty stripes save one; that makes Thirteen in each. JOHN ENDICOTT See where she comes, amid a gaping crowd ! And she a child. 0, pitiful ! pitiful ! There's blood upon her clothes, her hands, her feet ! DAYBREAK IN THE STREET (Upsall has just told young John Endi-cott, fugitive from his father's wrath, that the king's mandamus has come forbidding the persecution of the Quakers.) JOHN ENDICOTT Thank God ! This is a victory for truth ! Our thoughts are free. They can not be shut up In prison walls, nor put to death on scaf-folds ! 