Temperance Francis Murphy W. A. COLCORD FRANCIS MURPHY, the noted temper-ance worker, recently deceased, was once a saloon-keeper and a drunkard. From prosperity and a pleasant home, he fell to poverty and the loss of everything,Š money, manhood, wife, home, happiness, and all. He therefore knew well the re-sults of intemperance, and with this, how to sympathize with those who are tempted to drink or to sell drinks. Rescued himself in prison by the prayers and earnest efforts of Christian workers, he was led to devote his life to the same blessed work. Taking as the motto of his temperance reform move-ment, commonly known as the Blue Rib-bon movement," the words, " With mal-ice toward none, and charity for all," he went forth into the world to battle against the evil which had blighted and ruined his own early life. His work was uplifting and far-reaching, and was crowned with large success. It is said that he was instrumental in inducing more than three million persons to sign the temperance pledge. The following story illustrates his geniality and warm-heartedness, and is characteristic of the man. Going into a saloon with a friend, on one occasion, in a Western State where he was laboring, and finding a number of men about to drink, he said, " Hold on, boys, hold on ! Ł Drink with me ! " Upon being asked by the saloon-keeper what he would have, whether wine, whisky, gin, or rum, Mr. Murphy replied, " No, give us lemonade all around," and the treat was prepared as ordered. He was an ardent foe of intemperance, but friendly toward the intemperate. He opposed the saloon business, but did not believe in railing on the saloon-keeper. While he was lecturing in Australia, we once heard him say that he never spoke on the subject of temperance in such a way that he could not go out on the  streets the next morning and be greeted in a respectful and friendly manner by the saloon-keepers of the place. His was a noble example of distinguishing be-tween the sin and the sinner, between the crime and the criminal. Liquor and Poverty INTEMPERANCE is generally regarded as an important, if not a chief, source of poverty and pauperism as well as of the conditions that lead to them. Intemper-ance and poverty are mutually cause and effect; men take to drink to drown their sorrows and sufferings over the loss of property, or to gain a temporary escape from the thraldom of a poverty that has been lifelong. On the other hand ex-cessive use of drink has always been one of the greatest sources of destitution ; even when drink can be said to be the result, rather than the first cause, it is the aggravating source of further deterio-ration and an effectual bar to recovery from the submergency. At best it is a vicious circle of action and reaction ; drink is an active first cause of poverty ; poverty finds relief in drink. . . . The actual figures showing drink as cause are not so large as have been at times supposed. The Committee of Fifty has made one of the most careful and extensive investigations; it gives drink as producing 25 per cent of poverty. 37 per cent of the pauperism within alms-houses, and 45 per cent of the destitution of children, as due directly to the per-sonal use of liquors or to their use by some one else. But the committee is very conservative, not attributing any case to drink " unless it was obviously the principal and determining cause." Prof. A. G. Warner attributes 28.1 per cent as due to it directly and as a contributory cause. In London, Mr. Charles Booth found 25 per cent out of 1,447 cases chargeable to drink. The Massachusetts Bureau of Statistics' investigations are 