Congressional Hearing on Barbers' Sunday Bill JUST as we were ready to go to press with this issue of the LIBERTY MAGA-ZINE, we were notified that a subcom-mittee of the District of Columbia Com-mittee of the House of Representatives would grant our request for a hearing on the Compulsory Sunday Observance Bill, H. R. 7826, which makes it a crim-inal offense for a barber " to shave, cut hair, shampoo, or the like on Sunday." This hearing took place April 1, in the office building of the House of Repre-sentatives. Because of limited time and space, we can give only a few items of this interesting affair at this time. The proprietors of eighteen large bar-ber shops in Washington protested against the passage of this bill. Messrs. Luber, Myers, and Bulman, three of the leading proprietors, spoke at the hearing, and gave reasons why they did not favor the closing of barber shops on Sunday. At a previous hearing on this bill, some of the barbers who favored the closing of the barber shops on Sunday stated that they were compelled to keep their shops open on Sunday because others kept theirs open; that they wanted to rest and go to church on that day, but could not do so because others kept their shops open, thus taking their customers from them. Another barber said that the hotel pro-prietor required him to sign a lease to keep his shop open to accommodate the guests of the hotel, and this barber, in demanding a Sunday law, was virtually asking Congress to make a law to pre-vent him from signing a lease to barber on Sunday. Mr. S. B. Horton, secretary of the Re-ligious Liberty Association of the Middle Atlantic States, presented reasons why the committee should report adversely on the measure. He asserted that the  legislation contemplated in the bill was at variance with progressivism, whose shibboleth is " equal rights to all and special privileges to none." Reference was made to a decision handed down by the Kentucky Court of Appeals, March 8, 191o, in the case of John Stratman versus Commonwealth of Kentucky, in which a law closing barber shops on Sunday was set aside as class legislation. It was shown also that Congress here-tofore had decided against enacting Sun-day laws because of the prohibitive char-acter of the First Amendment, which provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Emphasis was laid upon the axiom that as the government was purely civil, an act not wrong in itself could not be adjudged criminal when done on Sunday. The editor spoke also against the bill, and cited quite a number of State su-preme court decisions which had de-clared this kind of legislation unconsti-tutional and void, even if passed by State legislatures as an exercise of the police power. At the very hour that we were having this hearing before the House Committee on the Barbers' Sunday Bill, we received word that Senator Hughes of New Jer-sey had introduced a new compulsory rest-day bill in the Senate. There are now five Sunday bills pending before Congress. There seems to be a mania for religious legislation this year in Con-gress. Every lover of liberty should send a letter of protest to the senator and the representative from his district now in Congress. We shall be glad to forward petition blanks of protest upon application to this office.  87 