LIBERTY 37 in Jesus of Nazareth as his Redeemer is not accountable to Congress, but to his Maker. The individual who does not choose to worship any God whatsoever should not be molested because of his unbelief. It is not the business of the state to decide which religion is right, or which is wrong. It is not the province of the state to go into the field and make converts, and teach the Word of God. This work God has given to his church. It is the legitimate province of the church, as a body of individuals, to teach the precepts of the gospel, and expound the Word of God as they understand it. The church can go forth and teach the Bible as she understands it. The church can go to the Hindu or the Buddhist, and teach him that his religion is wrong. She can tell the Mohammedan that Mo-hammed is not the prophet of God if she so desires. She can build churches, schools, and printing-houses, and by voice and pen disseminate the gospel as she understands it. She can go to individ-uals whom she believes to be rebels against God, and by prayer and entreaty seek to convince them that they are in error. She can teach the infidel and the atheist that unless they repent, the fires of the last great day are awaiting them. This is the work of the church, but not of the state. The state does not, and can not, teach repentance. If a man steals and is found guilty, the church may for-give him, if he repents and confesses his sin; but not so with the state. Though the man repents, he must meet the pen-alty of the law, whatever that may be. But the church, in teaching the gospel, can never rightfully invoke the power of the state. Matter's of conscience can never be properly enforced by civil power. The policeman's club may prop-erly be used, perhaps, in quelling a riot, and protecting a man in his God-given rights of life, liberty, or the pursuit of happiness, but not in enforcing the dog-mas of a church, or some precept of the gospel. The reason this is so is apparent on a  moment's reflection. In order to enforce by civil law some decree of the church, it must first be determined which dogma is right, and which is wrong. But this is not the province of the state. The state is not an ecclesiastical bench of monks or of theologians settling the faith of its citizens. If anything is done in this direction by the state, the matter must be settled, like a tariff schedule, by majority vote. Imagine settling the the-ological question of the proper mode of baptism by a vote of Congress, in the same way that some item in our national policy toward the Philippine Islands is settled. The very thought is shocking to the devout follower of Christ, and serves to emphasize the incongruity of placing in the hands of the state the ad-ministration of affairs which pertain to the church alone. " Let the national legislature once per-form an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World."Š United States Senate Mail Report, 1829. The National Reform Association is seeking, though perhaps unconsciously, to establish in this country a program the result of whose operation will in-evitably inaugurate this " desolating scourge." They propose that Congress shall interpret the law of the Most High, and that religious customs and usages shall be placed on a legal basis in the Constitution. One of these usages is the observance of a Sabbath. Suppose the state should undertake to enforce this gospel tenet, and one of her subjects breaks the Sab-bath. What is to be done? The law which has been violated is the law of God ; and against him, and not against the state, the sin has been committed. But how is the state to determine how many dollars should be assessed as a 