EDITORIAL The Oklahoma Sunday Law Prosecution Defendants Appeal Their Case IT has been the policy of the LIBERTY MAGAZINE to defend the religious rights of all peoples, irrespective of nationality, color, or creed. We shall continue this policy as long as any man is oppressed for conscience' sake. On August 3 and 4, the Blaine County Court, at Watonga, Okla., tried G. J. Krieger and his son, Isaac Krieger, on the charge of violating the Sunday law of Oklahoma. These men are both con-scientious Christians, members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Hitch-cock, Okla. They conscientiously ob-serve the seventh day, or Saturday, as the Sabbath. A special clause was en-acted by the legislature of Oklahoma to exempt and protect all seventh-day ob-servers from the obligations imposed by the statutes of the State requiring the observance of Sunday. The section under which these men could legally claim exemption from the penalties imposed by the Sunday law of that State reads as follows: Š It is sufficient defense in proceedings against servile labor on the first day of the week, to show that the accused uniformly keeps an-other day as holy time, and does not labor on that day, and that the labor complained of was done in such manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time.Š"Revised and Annotated Statutes of Oklahoma," sec. 1965. The Oklahoma State Constitution also contains the following seemingly ample guaranties and immunities to all citizens of that State: Š Perfect toleration of religious sentiment shall be secure, and no inhabitant of the State shall ever be molested in person or prop-erty on account of his or her mode of reli-gious worship; and no religious test shall be required for the exercise of civil and political rights.Š Art. I, Sec. 2. 30 Reason, logic, and good sense would seem to say that these statutory and con-stitutional guaranties and immunities ought to constitute a sufficient safeguard and protection to the conscientious ob-server of the seventh-day Sabbath. If these could not protect from indictment under the Sunday law, they certainly ought to secure to the conscientious ob-server of the seventh day the right to prove by his own testimony and that of others that he regularly observes another day than Sunday. But the said court inŁ Oklahoma denied the defendants any and all rights of appeal to these constitutional guaranties and statutory immunities, as we shall presently show from the tran-script of the evidence in the case. The court ruled against this defense, on the ground that they were not trying the de-fendants under a religious statute, but under a civil statute. Evidently the judge and the prosecut-ing attorney had forgotten the preamble to the Sunday law, or they would not have denied its religious character. This preamble reads as follows : Š The first day of the week being by very general consent set apart for rest and religious uses.ŠRevised Statutes, sec. 1960. This preamble sets forth a " religious reason " for the statute, and it is for a similar reason that the exemption clause is inserted ; namely, to protect the reli-gious faith of those who observe " an-other day as holy time." No one would ever think of denying the religious char-acter of the exemption, and the religious reason for the law is just as evident. During the trial the prosecuting attor-ney put forth a most determined effort, and finally the court sustained him in his contention, to keep the attorney for the defense from supplying the evidence that 