32 LIBERTY stood and impressed upon the minds and hearts ? The Separation of Church and Slate in Geneva and Basel The principle of the separation of church and state Š which was ably laid down forty years ago by the three above-mentioned men Š has since then made some advancement. In Geneva two years ago, the separation was brought about, but unfortunately not through the Protestant element. A small body of re-ligious men did hail the movement and its consequences. The majority dreaded it and only submitted to it. The main effort was made by non-believers with the help of the Catholic element. Since 188o, this element in Geneva was de-prived of government support, and it took this occasion of " getting even." One year ago, January 21, the separa-tion became a fact in the city of Basel. There also Š as had been the case in Geneva Š the Roman Catholic Church had been supplanted by a rival church independent of the Pope. The Roman Catholic branch asked to be represented on the state budget for the amount of forty thousand francs a year. Instead of that, the legislators, after a careful examination of the matter, proposed the suppression pure and simple of all church support. This result was reached after a dignified debate, follow-ing a masterly written report by Herr Burckhardt-Schatzmann, then chief of the government. The evangelical church accepted the new situation with better grace than had been the case in Geneva. It enjoys, though unsupported, a recog-nition as the favorite church of the com-munity. Sunday Movements Ever since 1877 there has existed in Switzerland an International Federation for Sunday-keeping. This society, sec-onded by a national committee and by cantonal branches, has manifested con-siderable activity in Switzerland. At the start, this activity had a religious character, and aimed at the sanctification of the day. But later on, the outward  object of the society changed. In view of the growing Sunday desecration and of a failure in reaching their object, these societies adopted the idea of Sun-day enforcement as their leading pur-pose. Many petitions were circulated and the legislators were solicited and canvassed ; thus several legislative meas-ures were adopted by various cantons, such as Berne in 1885, Basel Land and Geneva in 1905, Zurich and Vaud in 1907, Neuchatel in 1910. Since taking this new direction, pla-cing itself upon a hygienic and social basis, the Sunday movement has re-ceived the cooperation of the labor un-ions and the socialists. From this union between the religious and the non-relig-ious elements, there has resulted a com-promise which the new Sunday bills make very noticeable. They are a con-fused and contradictory mass of pre-scriptions and exceptions. All parties are agreed that Sunday is becoming more and more a holiday of unwholesome pleasure and dissipation. Thus nothing is being gained. All the efforts put forth result in no betterment of the situation. Where is the remedy for the situation ?Š We see only one thing,Š a coming back to the point from which the wrong road was taken; leaving the Lord's day what it is, an exclusively religious institution ; ceasing the attempt to place it in the hands of the state, which is in itself a profanation ; placing the whole question upon a Bible basis, and returning to the law of God, which says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." But this will reopen the great question as to which day is the Sabbath. Let it be opened then; Christians do not need to be afraid of it. Let it be sifted to the bottom. It is the only way of settling it. It does not matter if this should place the church under the awkward neces-sity of reforming one of its old practises. What matters that? To be right is everything. " Let us finish the Refor-mation," said Count de Gasparin ; " this. is the only way of saving it." Gland, Switzerland. 