COL. RICHARD M. JOHNSON OF KEN- TUCKY, WHO WROTE THE FAMOUS SUNDAY MAIL REPORTS OF 1829 AND 1830 Ł A Ł LIBERTY 31  r---4)9 State Indorsements of the Famous Sunday Mail Reports of 1829 and 1830 . W. A. COLCORD JUST now, when the question of Sun-day legislation is so prominently before Congress, a study of the famous Con- gressional Sunday Mail Reports of 1829 and 1830 is eminently in place. These reports were not only the voice of Con- gress on this question at that time, but they expressed the sentiments of a large share of the intelligent, thinking people of the country. They were masterly documents, and their candid arguments, their cogent reasonings, and their unan-swerable logic carried conviction wher-ever read. It is perhaps not generally known that these reports received the hearty indorse-ment of various State legislatures soon after their adoption by Con-gress, as well as the commendation of the public at large. But such is the case. In its memorial in-dorsing the Senate Report of 1829, the General Assembly of Indiana, Feb. 15, 1830, said:Š "That we view all attempts to in-troduce sectarian in-fluence into the councils of the na-tion as a violation of both the letter and the spirit of the Constitution of the United States and of this State, at the same time dangerous to our civil and religious liberties." " That all legislative interference in matters of religion is contrary to the genius of Christianity; and that there are no doctrines or observances inculcated by the Christian religion which require  the arm of civil power either to enforce or to sustain them. " That we consider every connection between church and state at all times dangerous to civil and religious liberty." On Jan. 22, 1831, the Senate and the House of Representatives of the State of Alabama, in General Assembly con- vened, passed a joint resolution, stating that such action on the part of Congress " would be a violation of the spirit of the Constitution," and " repugnant to the principles of a free government; " and added : Š "Be it further resolved, That the sen-timent expressed in the report of the committee at the last session of Congress, in opposition to the suspension of the mail on Sunday, is entitled to the high- est consideration of the friends of the Constitution, and every lover of civil and political freedom." Another resolution instructed their sen-ators and requested their representatives in Congress " to use their exertions in opposition to any measure " of this kind. A memorial adopted by the Gen-eral Assembly of Il-linois, Jan. 21, 1831, said : Š " Inasmuch as it is believed that such an innovation upon our republican insti-tutions would estab: lish a precedent of dangerous tendency to our privileges as freemen, by involving a legislative de-cision in a religious controversy on a point in which good citizens may honestly differ; and whereas, a free expression of sentiment by the General Assembly on the subject may tend, in a great degree, to avert so alarming an evil as the union of church and state; therefore,Š and 