LIBERTY 137 served as the Sabbath, while the other party to the controversy holds that Sun-day is the proper day to be observed. Those who are endeavoring to convince men by their teaching that Sunday is the proper day to observe, seek aid from the state to make their teaching more effect-ive; and, when Congress yields to the demands of that class, it aligns itself with one party to this religious contro-versy. The United States Senate in 1829 held that Š " our government is a civil, and not a religious institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely without molestation. Whatever may be the religious sentiment of citi-zens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the govern-ment so long as they do not invade the rights of others." The House of Representatives in 1830 decided on the matter of Sunday legis-lation that if Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy in which even Christians themselves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be to an ecclesiastical council, it is incom-patible with a republican legislature, which is purely for political, and nat for religious purposes." We believe that Congress should main-tain its policy of non-interference in re- ligious controversies ; and, by thus doing, it will be in accord with the nation's Constitutional guaranties regarding re-ligious legislation. Grand Rapids, Mich. tV A Petition to Congress Do not fail to read it on pages 141, 142. Do not fail to act. Solicit others to sign. Now is the time to save our country from the domination of a religious hierarchy. Delay may mean defeat. Act at once. See further instruction on page 140. A Presbyterian Editor on " National Christianity " IT is now considered the proper thing to speak of " national Christianity." The words may suggest a correct idea, but they are more likely to be mislead-ing. The nation is not endowed with conscience or moral perception. It is useless to treat a fiction as if it were an actual entity. The nation has no con- science, but is composed of a hundred million people who have consciences, or should have. No two of these are ex-actly alike, and by no means may they be so combined as to form a unit. The danger is that the individual may shift the call of conscience, the sense of moral accountability, the summons to personal righteousness and the hard fight for truth, to the community or nation ; and thus conceal himself as an accountable agent, in the mass. That may be one reason why there are so many inverte-brates in the body politic. We are led to these reflections by a circular an-nouncement to the effect that " for a better Thanksgiving observance, the National Reform Association, which has for its object the maintaining and promoting of ŁChristian usages, customs, laws, and institutions in our national life, proposes to send free of charge to all pastors in the United States who will on that day or the Lord's day preceding or following Thanksgiving, preach on national Christianity, a valuable his-torical twenty-page document entitled ' Our Annual Thanksgiving Festival,' by R. C. Wylie, D. D. LL. D." Doubt-less this document is valuable and de-sirable. We are only disposed to note a prevailing tendency to nationalize relig-ion, and to merge the individual con-science into a great moral consensus. We must emphasize the spiritual sover-eignty and responsibility of the indi-vidual.Š The Presbyterian of the South, Nov. 6, 1912. IrŁ you cannot reason nor persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it.Š John Wesley. 