LIBERTY 167 It is quite evident that public men and lawmaking bodies are gradually yielding to the demands made by religious bodies to change the course of this government from a strictly civil one to a church-and-state affair. It should be well known that the first steps in the direction of union of church and state began with the enactment of a Sunday law in the fourth century. It was Constantine who en-acted the Sunday law of 321. If the American people revere and honor the work of a patriotic ancestry ; if the electorate of this country appreciate the American idea of civil government, st‚  which is the very opposite of the Roman idea which culminated in the dark ages ; if the American people would prevent the possibility of intolerance and perse-cution in this land of liberty and freedom, it stands them in hand to call a halt on the ominous tendency of our legislative bodies to yield to the encroachments of ecclesiasticism. We sincerely believe that the Sixty-second Congress, by adopting the Post-office Appropriation Bill with the Sunday-closing rider, has taken a step in the direction against which our fore-fathers warned the nation. Grand Rapids, Mich. Un-American, Unequal, Unconstitutional A Study of the Sunday Law Proposed for California J. F. BLUNT UDGE COOLEY, that prominent author-ity on legal and constitutional questions, says : " Every one has a right to demand that he be governed by general rules, and a special statute that singles his case out as one to be regulated by a different law from that which is applied in all similar cases, would not be legitimate legisla-tion, but an arbitrary mandate unrecog-nized by the law." In definite agreement with this funda-mental principle of jurisprudence is the following provision of the constitution of California, confronted at the outset by those who are seeking to secure the adop-tion of a Sunday-closing law in that State, by recourse to the initiative : Š " No special privileges or immunities shall ever be granted which may not be altered, revoked, or repealed by the leg-islature, nor shall any citizen, or class of citizens, be granted privileges or im-munities which, on the same terms, shall not be granted to all citizens."Š Sec. 21, art. 1, Constitution of California. Notwithstanding this sweeping pro- hibition, it has pleased the framers of the proposed Sunday law to introduce, under twenty-two general headings, more than one hundred exemptions, many of them  affecting large classes of labor, by means of which special privileges are proposed to be extended to various persons, on various pretexts, until it would seem probable that the number exempted would be greater than the number to whom the law would apply: It has been said most pertinently by one who has made a detailed study of these proposed exemptions, that each and every one of them is an unanswerable argument and objection to such a law; for " if the arguments could have been answered and the objections removed, the exemptions would not have been made." It is germane to the issue, therefore, to suggest that the recognition of the necessity for making so many exceptions to the rule, in view of the crying need for a softening of the provisions of the proposed enactment in these numerous instances, shows that even its framers realized the impossibility of securing its adoption, unless the probable opposition of these excepted classes should be fore-stalled and averted by special exemptions, and that even at the cost of reducing the entire measure to such absurdities as stamp it instantly as class legislation. 