LIBERTY 41 may look for a reception the spirit of which is in harmony with the animus of the following statement by a Catholic editor:Š "Protestantism Š we would draw and quarter it. We would impale it and hang it up for crows' meat. We would tear it with pincers, and fire it with hot irons. We would fill it with molten lead, and sink it in a hundred fathoms of hell-fire."ŠQuoted in "Struggle for Relig-ious Liberty in South America," by John Lee, page 66. Will Protestants awake to the dangers of Catholic aggressiveness? Catholics are increasing in membership and power at an alarming rate. Will Protestants heed the warnings given them by Cath-olics themselves, and preserve their mis-sions and missionaries to the cause of Protestant truth ? Washington, D. C. Union of Church and State in China REV. R. H. GRAVES, D. D. RELIGION has always been found use-ful to the prosperity of a state, and a wholly atheistic state would soon go to wreck and ruin. This has been felt in all ages. I have heard Chinese schol-ars who have no faith in idolatry and no care for religion themselves argue that these things are necessary in order to keep the common people in control. They believe just as Cicero did, that some sort of religion is necessary for governmental purposes. They fail to realize, however, that in the long run what is false can never succeed. It is not surprising therefore that they would have taken so long to come to the conclu-sion that the union of church and state is not necessary. It is only in my life-time that complete severance of church and state has prevailed in Massachusetts, one of the most progressive States of the American Union. Then we all look forward to a theocracy when our Lord shall return to reign on the earth.  Hence we must be lenient in our judg-ment of those who cling to the error of defending the union of the church with the state. Its adherents may sincerely desire the good of Christ's cause on the earth. We who believe in soul liberty and the competency of the soul under God to express its devotion in its own way, are as firmly convinced that the good of the church requires a complete separation from the state; while ac-knowledging the duty of obedience to the magistrate in civil affairs, we main-tain that we must render " the things of God unto God." We claim that all his-tory proves that true religion thrives only when entirely free from the state. We read of some Chinese in Peking, ignorant of all the evils which have sprung from this unscriptural union, who have sought to obtain recognition of themselves as the Christian church of China. Such things will work dis-aster to the cause of true religion here. China has been very liberal in her treat-ment of religious belief, and has set an example which some of the decaying states of Europe may well follow. Alas ! some stronger nations are not yet entirely free from such narrowness and backward state of development. All that we ask of the Chinese government is that it let us alone, that the officials make no discrimination against Chris-tians as such, and grant us no special favor. If so-called Christians show dis-loyalty to the government or practise wickedness, the officials have a perfect right to deal with them as lawbreakers, and we claim no special privileges for them. We aim to make our converts good law-abiding citizens. If any of them act otherwise, they do so at their own risk. All that we ask is that no discrimination be made against, and that no special favor be shown to, any other form of religion. For ourselves all that we ask is that every man be allowed to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and not be com-pelled to take part personally or pecu-niarily in the ceremonies of any other 