LIBERTY 10i The Jews do not believe in Christ, but what has civil government to do with questions of belief or disbelief of ary religious tenet or system? Properly, nothing whatever, and it is a most deplorable fact that there are govern-ments that still meddle in such matters. The American idea was well expressed by George Washington in these words: " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in wor-shiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." The scenes that are enacted in some parts of Europe today, when men, women, and even little children, are driven from their homes and done to death merely because they are not Chris-tians, ought to bring the blush of shame to every. Christian face. Are we of the number who promulgate their religion with fire and sword, that we should even ostracize and boy-cott those who do not believe as we believe? God forbid. Loyalty to the golden rule alone, to say nothing of other precepts of Christ, would make religious intolerance impossible. " God sent not his Son into the world to con-demn the world; but that the world through him might be saved." John 3: 17. If we are the children of God, we will cherish his spirit and do his works. Let no persecutor think himself a Christian. o. P. B. lits Ma Ms New York's Changed Sunday Law THE New York Times remarks: " New York and its six millions of inhab-itants are to have Sunday baseball. But you mustn't play until after 2 P. M., and you mustn't charge more on Simday than on week days. Good-by to the stern letter of ancient Puritanism( "Forty thousand fans' will break the Sab-bath calm of a city in which once it was against the law to exhibit flowers in a window from midnight Saturday until midnight Sunday. All flower boxes had to be made removable." It may be well, in a way, that the Sunday law of New York has been relaxed somewhat from its old-time severity, but it is to be feared that the new provision permitting Sun-day baseball indicates a growing laxity in mor-als rather than increased love of liberty. From any possible standpoint the new law is incon-sistent and indefensible. If it is all right from the standpoint of civil government to play baseball after 2 P. M. on Sunday, how can it be civilly wrong to play the game before that hour? Only one reason can be given for pro-hibiting the game in the forenoon while per-mitting it in the afternoon, or we might better say, only an ecclesiastical reason; namely, that the churches may have a monopoly of the day up to two o'clock. The claim that the legis- lature has a right to do this is a most dan-gerous assumption, exceedingly far reaching in its character. Hitherto New York has justified her Sunday laws, not exactly upon religious grounds, but upon high moral grounds. The sanctity of Sunday, practically said the courts, must be preserved in the interests of " public morals." But now what can the courts say? What becomes of Sunday statute-preserved sanctity after 2 P. M., and what of the public morals dependent, according to the New York courts, upon that law-sustained sanctity? Is it not time that Christian people learn to rest wholly upon the power of God, and not at all upon the power of the state in spiritual things? This new Sunday law enacted by the New York Legislature and signed by the gov-ernor, ought to open the eyes of the people to the real nature of Sunday legislation. VMS Mk A The Best Sunday Keeping Where There Is No Sunday Law IAM now looking only on the bright side of Sabbath observance, gathering only the elements of hope, just here from the West, several of whose people remind me that even in their great cities there are thousands of fam-ilies where the Sabbath is as well observed as in a New England village. A Chicago merchant writes: ' Christian homes in Chicago and in New England differ little Š a careful observ-ance by parents and children of the proprieties of the day, and a mingling together as a family in happy little teachings and enjoyments, which make the day both Christian and pleasant.' A San Francisco pastor gives a like answer to the question, ' Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance?' Among the Christian people of California. The characteristics of their Sabbath observance are: Sweetness and light; reverence tempered with love; joyous-ness and rare fidelity in Christian service; teaching in the Sunday schools and mission schools; visiting the sick, the poor, and the prisoner; holding service in almshouses and hospitals; giving Christlike ministration to those in trouble, want, and sorrow.' "Š" The Sabbath for Man," Bev. Wilbur F. Crafts, A. M., chap. 1, p. 95. New York: Funk ¢ Wagnalls Company, 1885. This only emphasizes what we have said elsewhere in this magazine; namely, that civil laws are not at all necessary to enable those who wish to do so to observe a day of rest and worship. At the time Mr. Crafts published his book, Chicago was what is known as a " wide open " town. There was a Sunday law, but it was not enforced. Also then as now California was without a Sunday law; yet upon the evidence gathered and submitted by Mr. 