LIBERTY 65 Act to amend the penal law, in relation to the exhibition of motion pictures on the first day of the week : " " This bill adds a section to the penal law which provides that motion pictures may con-tinue to be exhibited after two o'clock on Sun-day afternoon in those localities where they are now exhibited, unless prohibited by ordi-nance, and may not be exhibited in those local-ities where they are not now exhibited unless expressly permitted by ordinance. All that I have said in regard to permit-ting the localities to decide for themselves as to the propriety of permitting baseball games on Sunday applies to this proposed amendment in regard to motion pictures. But here we have a further element in favor of the enactment of this measure. " The present law on the subject is ambigu-ous and its proper construction in doubt. Un-der conflicting decisions of the appellate di-visions in the various departments of this State, the exhibition of motion pictures is held in some sections to be a violation of law, and in others it is not. Neither party seems to have dared to put the question to a hazard of the decision of the court of appeals, and, by obtain-ing the judgment of the court of last resort, establish a uniformity of judicial holding on this subject. " Still further, in those departments where there has been a ruling against the legality of the exhibition of motion pictures on Sunday, public opinion has been so strong on the sub- ject in favor of the exhibition of motion pic-tures, that the law as interpreted by the appel-late division in many localities has not been  enforced. It stands as one of those disregarded statutes, the inefficiency of which brings into disrepute the entire body of our prohibiting laws. " In addition, therefore, to the reasons which I have urged and which appeal to me for the approval of the bill empowering the various municipalities of the State to act upon this subject in regard to baseball, which apply also to moving pictures, there exists the further ar-gument that it is desirable that the uncertainty of the present statute, both as to construction and enforcement, be removed. This result can be attained by the enactment into law of this proposed bill. " The bill is therefore approved." This is a long step in driving the church out of politics. In a country where we believe in the total separation of church and state, every vestige of religious legislation ought to he eliminated from the civil statute books. It may be that the slow, gradual compromise method is the best way out of the dilemma into which our Puritan colonies plunged us in the days when our laws were framed under the mold of a union of church and state. If we should suddenly throw the full force of all the brakes upon each car of a long train, there would be great danger that something might snap or that the passengers might be thrown headlong out of their seats. Great bodies move slowly, and so long as they move in the right direction we should not worry. A step toward liberty is always in the right direction, so long as it respects the equal rights of all. c. s. L. A Bitter Religious Controversy in Pennsylvania WHENEVER religion and politics mix, the results are bitter religious contro-versies and persecutions. The Sunday blue laws of 1794 in Pennsylvania have been the cause of much religious dissension. When the recent campaign for the Victory Loan was on in Pennsylvania, the moving picture films advertised the Victory Liberty Loan on Sun-days by exhibiting the film on " The Price of Peace." Rev. T. T. Mutchler, secretary of the Phila-delphia Sabbath Association, sent the following petition to Gov. E. Pusey Passmore, of the Third Federal Reserve District: " We have hoped and are still hoping for an order from you canceling the Sunday moving picture shows in this city. We have believed you would not permit these Sunday night shows for the following reasons: The Sunday law for-bids diversions of this kind (see law). . . . The churches are, with few exceptions, absolutely opposed to the proposed Sunday night moving pictures in the interest of the loan, and we  feel their wishes should be respected. We must therefore press their claim for consideration. Feeling that even at this late hour you will cancel all Sunday night moving picture shows for the sake of the loan, the United States Government, and the best interests of our city, I am, " Respectfully, " (Signed) T. T. MUTCHLER, " Corresponding Secretary." Likewise Rev. Dr. Stanton and Rev. Dr. Schelly made violent attacks against the moving picture films advertising the Victory Liberty Loan on Sundays, and against opening Fail mount Park, in Philadelphia, to athletic sports on Sundays. But the clergy could not agree among themselves, not even those who belonged to the same denomination. Dr. Steele and Dr. Mockridge favored an open Sunday. Dr. MaeCallum classified Dr. Stanton and Dr. Mutchler as " impossible ex-tremists," and their utterances as " violent, un-patriotic, and unchristian." Dr. MacCallum, 