LIBERTY  17 have transferred to the Lord's day." This makes plain the reason for Con-stantine's Sunday law of 321: " On the venerable day of the sun let the magis-trates and people residing in cities rest, and let all workshops be closed," etc. It is significant that Constantine's first act in the realm of religious legislation was a law for the observance of Sunday Ñthe state's first answer to the plea of the organized church for power and influ-ence and the enforcement of its will upon the people. Four years later, at the council of Nice, another decree was issued, whose purpose was further to exalt the Sunday institution. By that decree the celebra-tion of Easter on Sunday only was made obligatory throughout the Roman realm. This, too, was done in order, as Con-stantine says, " that we should have nothing in common with that nation of parricides, and of those who slew their Lord." But there were in the church very many who did not take kindly to the idea of changing from the Sabbath of Jehovah to the day of the pagan sun-festival, and refused to obey the law, or at least to work upon the Sabbath. The bisli"ps, confident of their ability to accr Inplish their designs;  and deter-mineJ to crush out the observance of the trie Sabbath, undertook, and se-cured, at the Council of Laodicea, the passage of the following canon : " Canon 29. Christians shall not Judaize and be idle on Saturday, but shall work on that day ; but the Lord's day they shall espe-cially honor, and, as being Christians, shall, if possible, do no work on that day." This was about 364, but it was not until 386 that the spirit of the canon was carried into the law of the realm. But the passage of these laws, even, did not accomplish the bishops' aims. They purposed to secure larger church attendance. To bring this about, other laws were passed, closing all outside attractions, " in order that the devotion of the faithful might be free from all disturbance." That, too, did not satisfy,  and then came the working out of that nefarious doctrine of Augustine, that " many must often be brought back to their Lord,' ike wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering, before they attain the highest grade of religious de-velopment." The outworking of that evil principle ushered in the Inquisition and the autos da fa, and made the Dark Ages. As the oak lies in the acorn, so lay the terrible experiences of the Dark Ages, the terrible apostasy of the early church, in that union of religion and the state accomplished in the days of Con-stantine ; and worked out to its dreadful climax under the popes from Melchiades and Leo I to the end of the list. A New Power Appears The union of church and state under Constantine opened the way for the debut of a power such as the world had never seen before. The Christian Church, or that organized body calling itself such, became, through Constan-tine's benefices, an empire within an em-pire, in a different sense than the Author of Christianity had intended. He had a kingdom in this world, but separate and distinct from any worldly connec-tion whatever. " My kingdom is not of this world," said he. " If my king-dom were of this world, then would my servants fight." But that organized body, calling itself Christian, receiving the emoluments, preferments, and ben-efices of the emperor, and accepting his dictation in its affairs, and his decisions in the making of its creeds, took itself out of that spiritual realm, the kingdom of Christ, where love and conscience reign, and entered the temporal realm, the kingdom of this world, where force and oppression hold sway, and con-science is an outlaw. Great as was the power of the Roman rulers, this growing power within the realm was moving steadily toward a point where realm, king, and emperor must bow to it, even as men bow before the Almighty. There was a gradual transition from the condition where thr 