12 LIBERTY to Jesus Christ, we believe that some day he will march into this country, and his law will be made the law of the land. Until that is accomplished, we can not serve two masters. The theory that Jesus Christ is king of this country, and is waiting to have that fact recognized by the people, is diametrically opposed both to common sense and to the teachings of our divine Master. The denomination for which Mr. Foster speaks declares that Christ is this nation's king. Christ himself de-clares, " My kingdom is not of this world." To declare that he is, is to utter a flat contradiction of one of the plainest utterances found in all our Saviour's teachings. Mr. Foster's declaration on that point is sufficiently answered in the seven words quoted above. When the kingdoms of- this world become " the kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ," it is not done by those kingdoms' adopt-ing his law as the basis of their respect-ive civil codes. This is the program of that transformation as given in the Word of God:Š "Ask of me, and I will give thee the na-tions for thine inheritance, and the utter-most parts of the earth for thy posses-sion. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron ; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2 : 8, 9, A. R. V. They are not metamorphosed out of their iniquity and into his righteousness by voting him in as king in spite of him-self. When he comes, they are destroyed, and upon this renovated earth the king-dom of righteousness will be established, as saith the Scriptures. 2 Peter 3 : 5-13 ; Rev. 21 : I. They who would make Christ king of this country in its present condition would make him responsible for the conditions now existing here. His declaration, " My kingdom is not of this world," is his protest against that very thing. They who expatriate them-selves because this country does not  enthrone Christ are working upon a hy-pothesis unwarranted in Scripture, con-tradictory to the plain declaration of the Lord himself, and antagonistic to the fundamental principles of our national government. President Roosevelt's Views on Religious Liberty A NOTABLE contribution to the litera-ture of religious liberty has been made by Theodore Roosevelt, the president of the United States, in a letter given to the public after the close of the presidential campaign, in which he replies to those who opposed the candidacy of Hon. William H. Taft because of his relig-ious views. This letter will be found in full in an-other department of this magazine. We refer to it here to commend heartily the position taken that one's religious belief "is purely his own private concern ; and it is a matter between him and his Maker, a matter for his own conscience, and to require it to be made public under pen-alty of political discrimination is to nega-tive the first principles of our govern-ment which guarantee complete religious liberty and the right to each man to act in religious affairs as his own conscience dictates." There is one condition, however, which must be attached to this guarantee of complete religious liberty ; namely, that in the exercise of that right no one should interfere with the equal rights of others, and further that " religious belief " must be confined to its proper sphere, and must not include political doctrines. If under the plea of religious liberty, or liberty of conscience, one advocates and practises views which strike at the foundation of the Christian idea of civil government, his views then become a matter of pub-lic concern, if he seeks a position of in-fluence in the government. In the application of his general state- 