136 LIBERTY destroy the liquor interest of .America, it gives the boy a chance to grow up sober; then the next generation will be sober. and that is the organic cure. Now, I submit it as a universal propo-sition that if you are not engaged in the liquor business and do not get profits from it, you are not going to oppose that general proposition. You may drink yourself, but you do not want your boy to drink, and you do not want your neighbor's boy to -grow up a drunkard. So good men, whether they drink or not, are going to support this measure. Only those who get profit by poisoning and debauching their fellow men, and par-ticularly the boys,Š that is, by debauch-ing the youth during the period when they are entitled to protection,Š only those, in the last analysis, when we come down to the final struggle in the several States among the people themselves, will oppose it. There is where it will hinge. good men, whether they drink or not, will   he with us. I do not hesitate to say, if you will grant us this appeal, if you will grant our request, our earnest re-quest, that it is in accord with all the fundamental principles in protecting the public prosperity, that it will relieve us of this enormous economic burden, and  that it is in keeping with the protection of the public health. -Most of disease is due largely to this cause. More than half of all the consumption, more than half of all the pneumonia, and so on ŠI will not elaborate Š are due to this cause. It is in keeping with the protec-tion of our institutions. It is the degen-erate vote that has in the past over-whelmed Łthe liberties of free people. It is the degenerate vote in our big cities that is a menace to our institutions. The systematic debauching of a people has al-ways attended their decline and final downfall. . . . The right of our children to be well born is a sacred right. The feeble-minded, the epileptic, the idiotic, the in-sane, are chiefly the results of the viola-tion of this right before birth ; that is, the right of children to be born in a home, to have parental protection and care, and the right of children to be protected in their tender years of infancy, childhood. boyhood, and youth. It is in accord with all those principles that are at the foun-dation of government ; and we do not hesitate to make a tentative promise, founded upon these laws of nature, that, if this treatment is applied, we shall get the cure. ME tV The Liquor Business and the Government Statement of Mrs. F. E. Beauchamp, President of the W. C. T. U. of Kentucky WE: have a condition not only in the State of Kentucky, but I have visited a number of other States and find the same conditions exist there, in which the liquor traffic has lifted its hands against the life of the government. I would not appeal to you at this time to pass a pro-hibitory law for the sake of the broken-hearted wives and mothers of this na-tion, although I am sure pictures could be set before you that would move you, even with all your self-control, to tears of pity ; I would not appeal to you for the sake of the boys who are being  wrecked, so far as the boys are con-cerned; I. would not appeal to you for the poor drunkards who stagger along our streets. You might say that was an individual question. But I do appeal to you as lawmakers to enact a law that will protect the grow-ing citizen from being tempted above that which he is able to stand, and from forming an appetite which undermines his moral character and unfits him for the citizenship which makes and supports this government, and upon whose integ-rity the government depends. 