178 LIBERTY Ł Rome's Teaching on " Church and State " In his Encyclical on Liberty, issued June 20, 1888, Pope Leo XIII said : Š " It is no way lawful to demand, to defend, or to grant promiscuous freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of religion, as if they were so many rights which nature had given to man." Pope Pius IX in his Syllabus of Er-rors, issued Dec. 8, 1864, condemns eighty " errors," among which are these : Š " Every man is free to embrace and profess the religion which he believes to be true." " The church ought to be separated from the state, and the state from the church." In the " Manual of Christian Doc-trine," a text-book used by " Brothers of the Christian Schools," ninth edition, published by John J. McVey, Phila-delphia, Pa., in 1909, we find the follow-ing orthodox teaching of the Roman Catholic Church in all lands, under the heading " Union of Church and State," pages 132, 133 :Š " Question 120.Š Has the state the right and the duty to proscribe schism or heresy ? " Answer.Š Yes, it has the right and the duty to do so, both for the good of the nation and for that of the faithful themselves ; for religious unity is the principal foundation of social unity. . . . " Ques. 122.Š May the state separate itself from the church ? " Ans.Š No, because it may not with-draw from the supreme rule of Christ. " Ques. 123.Š What name is given to the doctrine that the state has neither the right nor the duty to be united to the church to protect it? " Ans.Š This doctrine is called liberal-ism. It is founded principally on the fact that modern society rests on liberty of conscience and of worship, on liberty of speech and of the press. " Ques. 124.Š Why is liberalism to be condemned ? " Ans.Š(1) Because it denies all sub-ordination of the state to the church; (2) because it confounds liberty with right ; (3) because it despises the social king-ship of Christ, and rejects the benefits derived therefrom." Pope Forbids Catholics Joining Prohibition Party Having gained her point with the Pro-hibition party, one would naturally look for a favorable attitude on Rome's part toward the Prohibition party, resulting in thousands of recruits from among the Catholic ranks. Not so, however. Hardly a month after the elimination of the Swallow plank at Atlantic City, the Pope himself issued a warning to his followers against the Prohibition party. In the New York Times of Aug. 9, 1912, there appeared the following des-patch : Š " CHICAGO, ILL., Aug. 8.Š A sensation was caused to-day at the convention of the Catholic Total Abstinence Union, now in progress at Notre Dame, Ind., when the president of the union, the Rev. Peter O'Callaghan, of Chicago, an-nounced that he had received a communi-cation from the Pope commanding that the members of the union have no con-nection with the Prohibition party." Surely it is' high time for Protestants of every religious and political persua-sion to unite in opposing by voice and pen and vote the Vatican system which is seeking, in the words of the venerable Dr. Swallow, " to establish in this God-favored country such conditions as have forced millions of the Old World to flee from them, and find asylum in the New." The fear of Rome is upon all the great political parties, whose candidates vie with one another to secure her favor. Shall America adopt the old church-and-state system of civil and religious tyranny as taught to Europe by Rome, or shall she remain loyal to the principles of her Constitution and Declaration of Inde-pendence ? 