LIBERTY  19 people have no well-defined principles of government upon which they can depend as staid and " rigid," their constitution being mobile, adaptive, and constantly changing according to the enactment of the governing power. The rights and liberties possessed by the people yester-day may be changed or taken away to-day. Everything with them depends upon a good king and a good Parlia-ment. ¥ In the United States, if a bad or un-wise president and Congress are elected, which may result in much foolish and unprofitable or even injurious legislation. nevertheless the liberties and general -rights of the people are protected by the Constitution, which places them beyond the power of president or Congress. So complete is the Constitution of the United States that, although written one hundred and twenty-four years ago, there has been found no reason why any portion of it should be repealed, and only fifteen amendments have been made to it. Ten of the fifteen amendments were added within three years after the Con-stitution was written, and within one year after its adoption by all of the thir-teen States, the other five amendments being made in almost a century and a quarter. Of the fifteen amendments, at least thirteen especially define and guard the liberties of the individual citizen. The first clause of the First Amend-ment to the Constitution reads: " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Under this amendment the fullest liberty is allowed in matters of religion. If Congress should pass a laze that every citizen should be baptized by being immersed in water, it is hardly conceiv-able that any one would deny that Con-gress had entered the realm of religion, and that the act was unconstitutional, although no other theological question was considered ; and even if it should be claimed by the advocates of the meas-ure that a bath is good for the health,  an absolute necessity, no one would be deceived into thinking that this law en-forcing baptism was a purely sanitary law, and not religious. A law enforcing the observance of Sunday as a day of rest is as purely religious as one for baptism. Although some might get real physical good out of it, the fact remains that it is a reli-gious institution, and to enforce it by law would be unconstitutional. The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution reads, in Section I : " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." Thus every State is forbidden by the Constitution of the United States to pass any laws establishing any religion or interfering with its free exercise. This amendment virtually says that while Congress cannot make laws respecting religion (being forbidden to do so by the First Amendment), no State shall be allowed to do it. San Diego, Cal. s.V Important Petition IN this issue, on pages 45 and 46, will be found an important petition blank urging upon Congress the passage of a bill that will open the way for such an amendment to the national Constitution as will prohibit the manufacture, sale, and importation for sale of all intoxicat-ing liquors for beverage purposes. We know that the majority of our readers are strongly in favor of temperance, and we know further that the cause of tem-perance is one of the greatest human-welfare causes that has ever commanded the attention of humanity. Let our read-ers begin at once to circulate this petition. It is a plea for the release of physical humanity from the slave chains of the liquor demon. Let the petition be circu-lated widely and industriously, and let the names roll in to your congressmen by the tens of thousands to add their influence to the rising tide of national temperance. 