067 LIBERTY 33 I.Š Whom ? I.ŠAnanias, and Sapphira, his wife. I.Š Sir, let not honor be given to man, as if he could do it by his own power; they were struck dead by the Spirit of the Lord. Nor was it for the same cause that you now put people to death; it was because they lied to the Holy Ghost. I.Š Well, Jacques, my son, this does not help us forward. Consider well, and amend and turn to the faith in which your parents believed. Believe, there-fore, as a good Christian is bound to be-lieve, without undertaking so many things. I.Š" Faith," says Paul, " is the gift of God." I.Š Yea, verily, it is a gift of God. I.Š Men, then, can not give it. I.Š Certainly not ; we must pray to God for it. I.Š How conies it, then, that men will force me to believe; threatening me with death? I.Š They give you time to repent. I.Š Sir, what time, six, seven, or eight days, as I have seen in Brabant? This closed the colloquy, and the In-quisitor gave him twenty-one days to give his final answer. The Inquisitor was Lindanus, a learned man and author, afterward bishop of Ghent. The simple Baptist believer, however, had but to call attention to the teaching and spirit of Christianity to expose the wickedness and sophistry of the arguments for com-pulsory religion. It should be noticed, also, that the Inquisitor himself seemed a kindly man, but having committed him-self to the evil principles, he could talk about putting heretics to death as coolly as he would discuss any proposition in the class-room. The Baptist wrote out the report of this interview just after it occurred, and later sealed his confession of principles with his blood. The record is taken from Van Braght's " Martyr-ology of the Churches of Christ Com-monly Called Baptists." THE less faith, the more force; the less love, the more legislation. The Fall of the Church C. E. HOLMES FOR over two hundred years after the ascension of the Lord, the primitive church remained comparatively pure. In spite of bloody persecutions, the church grew and multiplied. Earthly powers were against her; but heavenly strength and vitality were granted, and she needed not nor desired the unholy affiliation of imperial legions to do her appointed task. But a time of greater peril came. Persecution ceased. The church was in-vited to join hands with the civil power. Paul in his day had continually warned the church that there would come a time when there would be a falling away. Already it was taking place. The Judas kiss of pretended love was offered the bride of Christ by one not her bride-groom. She left her first love, and took the hand of a servant, the state. There she fell. Dr. A. J. Gordon, in his book, " Ecce Venit," expresses himself on the fall of the church in the fourth century, thus : Š " When the church under Constantine became enthroned in the world, she be-gan to be dethroned from her seat `in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus.' "ŠPage 96. It must be plainly evident that all the church can hope to obtain by a recogni-tion in civil matters is the power of the government to enforce with penalties the church's dogmas. But God, who fore-saw the necessity of civil government, and also the danger of its abuse by men in power, clearly made a distinction be-tween man's jurisdiction in human af-fairs and the prerogative of God in the realm of conscience. In the beginning the Creator gave man six days in which to attend to his per-sonal matters, but he reserved one day for himself, in which he was to be es-pecially recognized. Here a difference is made between God's requirements and man's wishes. When the Creator him- self walked upon earth as a man, he made use of every opportunity to de- 