LIBERTY 55 Daniel II and 12 and Revelation 16, the Turkish Empire was not only to come to its " end " in Europe, but also in Asia. According to the Bible, the battle of Ar-mageddon is to be fought immediately after the Turkish Empire is " dried up." In the preceding issue of this magazine we went quite fully into the Biblical and historical exposition of this question. Since then our position as based upon the prophetic i n - t er p r eta-tion has been verified by the recent war develop-ments. Before this magazine reaches its readers, t h e Allies may have succeed-ed i n driving the Turk out of Europe. For the proph-e c y declares : " And he [the king of the north, or the Turk] shall plant the tab-ernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious h o 1 y mountain [in Jerusa-lem] ; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him. And at that time shall Mi-chael [Christ] stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time : and at that time thy people shall be de-livered, every one that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some  to shame and everlasting contempt." Dan. ii:; 12 : I, 2. Turkey's Fate Closes the Great Drama of Earthly History This is the conclusion of a long proph-ecy that begins with the first kings of the Medo-Persian kingdom and closes with the last sultan who was to rule in  the territory of the Turkish Empire, at the termination of which the Lord's serv-ants " shall be delivered," and t h e sleeping saints resur-rected out of "the dust of the earth " and " the mossy old graves." Luther a n d 11 i s colaborers understood the fulfillment o f this prophecy to constitute a sign of the end of t h e world. In speaking of this prophecy, the great Re-former s a i d, "If we beat back the Turk, t h e prophecy OF TURKEY of Daniel will be fulfilled and the end will be at hand. Then the day of judgment is surely at our doors."Š" Martin,. Luther," by Gustav Freytag, page II. Hitherto England has helped Turkey to resist Russia's efforts to obtain pos-session of Constantinople and the Dar-danelles, but today she helps Russia to drive out the Turk. In a remarkable speech delivered at the guildhall in the city of London, Nov. 9, 1914, the prime minister, Mr. Asquith, in response to a MEHMED V, SULTAN 