INTERIOR VIEW OF FAN EUIL HALL, BOSTON Here in 1769 was held a representative meeting to protest against oppressive mea,m es of the crown. LIBER1 Y 17 ties of Pennsylvania are organized as aux-iliary to the State Association, and that the good will of the great body of citizens rep- resented on these organizations is indis-pensable to the success of any such expo- sitions. This, he claimed, had been denom-strated in the contrasting experience of the Chicago and Buffalo Expositions on the one hand, and those in Philadelphia and St. Louis on the other." The real nature and purpose of all Sun-day legislation is shown by the fact that it is always a religious organization that stands back of such legislation and de-mands its passage. It is the "American Sabbath Union," or. the " Philadelphia Sab-b at h Associa-tion," or the " Lord's Day Al-liance," or t h e "Ministers' Union," or some other preachers' association or re-ligious society t h a t starts the agitation and fol-lows up the de-mand for such laws. They never come from secu-1 a r sources a do other laws. T h e foregoing instances are striking proofs of the truthfulness of this. Let this fact be noted. The " most effective argument " of Dr. Mutchler, referred to by the Statesman, by which he persuaded members of Congress to favor or consent to this unconstitutional legislation, recalls a prediction made twen-ty-one years ago by one who has long studied this subject, that " To secure popu-larity and patronage, legislators will yield to the demand for a Sunday law." The yielding, it seems, has already begun. The Report on Sunday Mails adopted by the United States Senate in 1829, well said: " All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the polit-ical institutions of the country, the civil power soon bends under it, and the catas-trophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences." " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." The "National Reform" Delusion W. N. GLENN FOR over forty years the National Re-form Association has been carrying on a work designed to establish religious dom-ination in the government of the United States. It had its rise in one denomination, Š one of rather limited influence, too,Š but to-day its influence and its support may be styled interdenominational. One of its con-stitutional purposes is " to promote needed reforms in the action of the government touching the Sabbath," etc. Another ex-pression of purpose is, " The association constantly presents God as the source of authority in civil affairs, Jesus Christ as King of nations, and the Bible as the supreme law-book in t h e civil-moral sphere." To the casual reader these expressions o f purpose might, a n d evidently do, appear to be utterances of an " angel of light." Not so, however, when given closer consideration. 1. The Sabbath reform which the move-ment advocates is the establishment, in the " law-book " of the nation, of a Sabbath en-tirely unknown to the Law-book of God: It would stamp out the Sabbath which the Creator hallowed in the beginning, and which the Saviour honored even when rest-ing in death Š the one weekly Sabbath recognized in all the Bible Š and would set up in its place, with human pains and pen-alties attached, a man-made counterfeit, the Sunday institution. To promote such a " reform " is to squarely stultify all claim to regarding the Bible as the " supreme Law-book." 2. To present " God as the source of au-thority in civil affairs," and then to set up an association of men having political am-bition to control the action of government, and to urge their authority because they profess to be religious. is another gross 