14 LIBERTY CAPI.TOL BUILDING, IDAHO or shall be imprisoned in the county jail not to exceed thirty days, and upon a second conviction shall be punished by both such fine and imprisonment. sale of goods, wares, or merchandise, any shop, store, building, or place of business whatever; Provided, That hotels and restaurants may furnish lodging and meals ; and, Provided, That this section shall not apply to livery-stables, or to stores in so far as the sale of medicines or sick-room sup-plies are concerned, or to undertakers while providing for the dead, or to news-stands in so far as the quiet sale and de-livery of daily papers and magazines is concerned, nor to the sale of non-intox-icating refreshments, candies, and cigars. Any person or persons violating this sec-tion shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum not less than twenty-five dol-lars nor more than one hundred dollars, The question at once arises what right any State legislature has to prohibit hon-est business and trade at all on any day of the week. The logic employed by the Supreme Court of California in 1858, in setting aside the Sunday law of that State, is applicable here. The court said:Š The question presented in this case is not merely one of expediency or abuse of power; it is a question of usurpation of power. If the legislature have the au-thority to appoint a time of compulsory rest, we would have no right to interfere with it, even if they required a cessation from toil for six days in the week, in-stead of one. If they possess this power, it is without limit, and may extend to the prohibition of all occupations at all times. Š9 California, 502. Character of the Law As with all Sunday laws, this law makes criminal on Sunday that which is considered perfectly legitimate and proper on any other day of the week. It is the day, therefore, and not the deed which determines the character of the offense ; and it must be the character which men have attached to the day, that lies at the foundation of this distinction. And what is this? Every one knows what it is, though not stated in so many words in the law. It is its re-ligidus character. This being so, there can be no escaping the conclu-sion that, in essence and intent, the law itself is religious. But if the law is religious, it can have no rightful place upon the statute-books of any State Š of a government ordained of God, and, by its Constitution, com- missioned by its citizens, to deal only with civil things. The constitution of the State of Idaho positively forbids anything like religious legislation, religious or sectarian teaching in the public schools, or any interference with religious rights whatever. Article I, Section 4, of the constitution says : Š No person shall be required to attend or support any ministry or place of wor-ship, religious sect or denomination, or pay tithes against his consent ; nor shall any preference be given by law to any religious denomination or mode of wor-ship. That Sunday laws are sectarian in character is evident upon the slightest reflection. Besides the Jews, of whom 