77° a ri_TT I allots oloi, 47.4041Aacjiiiii  III 1_, MINNESOTA rnational Christian Endeavor Convention righteousness, demands that there shall be rendered to all " their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due [as in the case of rendering to Caesar] ; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor." The same chapter tells us that " rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil," and in verse 9 the scope of 11.4),7 LIBERTY 25 with the ordaining of these "powers that be " is revealed the limit of their min-istry. The realm of civil authority is fixed by the One ordaining " the powers that be." By reference to Romans 13, it will be noted that good citizenship, civic  civil authority is shown to be confined to the realm of that relationship affecting one another as neighbors, or, as man to man. It is well to note at this juncture the response of Jesus to the question as to which was the greatest command- ment. He said : " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." It must be seen, therefore, that civic righteousness and the realm of civil authority are matters in which man's relation to his fellow man is involved, and this is covered by the last six commandments of the decalogue. Now, it is possible for a citizen to be civilly righteous, and yet not alto-gether in harmony with God. Wit-ness the case of the young ruler who inquired of Jesus, " What good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life? " The response was, " Keep the commandments." " Which ? " Here the opportunity presented itself to teach a great lesson on the question of religious as well as civic righteous-ness. Upon being told of the command- ment affecting his relation to his fel-low man, the young man said, " All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I? " " If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come and follow me," the Saviour replied.. The young man turned away very sorrowful, for he had great pos-sessions. This indicates that while civilly righteous, he was not in proper relation to his God. Our duty to God is epitomized in the first four commandments of the deca- logue. These are to be rendered to him, not to Caesar. The attempt to coerce men to serve God by civil laws in the early centuries of the Christian church is what produced the union of church 