LIBERTY 9 inhabiting temporarily or permanently the same country. . . . The people . . . consti-tute the state. . . . A state, in the ordinary sense of the constitution, is a political com-munity of free citizens, occupying a terri- tory of defined boundaries, and organized under a government sanctioned and limited by a written constitution and established by the consent of the governed." We next inquire whether this " political community of free citizens " can be sep-arated from the individuals composing it, and considered as a moral being, and mor-ally accountable. In reply to this ques-tion we quote from Professor Pomeroy's " Introduction to Municipal Law," page 392, where the author says that "the state, as separated from the individuals who compose it, has no existence except in a figure ; and that to predicate religious responsibility of this abstraction is an ab-surdity. Whatever then, the state does, whatever laws it makes, touching religious subjects, are done and made not because the state is responsible, but simply that the people may be secure in the enjoyment of their own religious preferences." In har-mony with this conception of the state, Professor Pomeroy says: " The state, as an organic body, has nothing whatever to do with religion, except to protect the indi- viduals in whatever belief and worship they may adopt." Corporate `Personality a Fiction Commenting upon these definitions of a state, Dr. Samuel T. Spear, in his " Relig-ion and the, State," says:Š The word state or nation is an abstract or class term, used to designate a mass of individuals in certain relations to each other, established and, maintained by law; and to predicate personality of this numer-ical aggregate, or of the relations existing between its constituent parts, except as a mere figure of sptech, is an absurdity. A corporate personality is simply a fiction. A person is a living and conscious moral unit, and no collection of such units, in whatever manner related to each other, can make a person. When the Bible speaks of a state or nation it uses the title by which it is known ; and this title is not the name of a person, but simply a term applicable to a whole class of persons. God blesses or  curses a nation only by blessing or cursing the individuals who compose it. National character, national responsibility, and na-tional virtue or vice exist only in the peo-ple, and independently of the people they have no existence. The only personality that even by a figure can be affirmed of bodies of men grows out of their organiza-tion into bodies, and this consists wholly in a set of relations which real persons hold to each other, and on account of which they are bodies politic or corporate, in dis-tinction from miscellaneous and unrelated individuals. Macaulay Versus Gladstone This idea of state personality and of the consequent moral accountability of a nation apart from the individuals composing it was thoroughly discussed by Lord Macaulay more than threescore years ago. In 1839 W. E. Gladstone, then a young man and a member of parliament, wrote a book en-titled " The .State in Its Relations with the Church." Lord Macaulay wrote a review of this book, which was first published in the Edinburgh Review, and may now be found in his published essays. To show the force of his argument on this question we will first quote Mr. Gladstone's own statement of his view : Š National will and agency are indisputably Ł one, binding either a dissentient minority of the subject body, in a manner that noth-ing but the recognition of the doctrine of national personality can justify. National honor and good faith are words in every one's mouth. How do they less imply a personality in nations than the duty toward God, for which we now contend? They are strictly and essentially distinct from the honor and good faith of the indi-viduals composing the nation. France is a person to us, and we to her. A wilful in-jury done to her is a moral act, and a moral act quite distinct from the acts of all the individuals composing the nation. Upon broad facts like these we may rest, without resorting to the mere technical proof which the laws afford in their manner of dealing with corporations. If, then, a nation have unity of will, have pervading sympathies, have the capability of reward and suffering contingent upon its acts, shall we deny its responsibility ; its need of religion to meet that responsibility? A nation, then, having a personality, lies under the obligation, like the individuals, composing its governing body, of sanctifying the acts of that per- 