LIBERTY 25 engaged in it, must be acknowledged by all; but in practise we must remember that, as religious obligation was then commonly con-strued, it inevitably led to the Inquisition in Spain ; to the sack of Drogheda in Ire-land ; to the merciless persecution of here-tics by each sect, according to its power, and the effort to stifle freedom of thought and stamp out freedom of action. " It is right and greatly to be desired, that men should come together to search after truth; to try to find out the true will of God; but in Cromwell's time they were only beginning to see that each body of seekers must be left to work out its own beliefs without molestation, so long as it does not strive to interfere with the beliefs of others." Catholic Headquarters at .Washington W. A. COLCORD FOR years the papacy has had its eye on Washington, and has been quietly establish-ing itself at the heart of this nation, as  was laying before the pope his difficulties incident to the operations of the recent French laws. The great distributing house of the Dominicans has been located at Paris since 130o. Their great plant was wrecked, and the general thought of bringing what could be saved to Rome. Pope Leo aston-ished the Dominican by suggesting that he transfer his partizan establishment bodily to Washington, and stated emphatically that the Uuited States was the one govern-ment in the world which offered the church free and untrammeled opportunities to carry forward its work. The Dominicans are now engaged in erecting a gigantic building near the Catholic University at Washington at a cost of three hundred thousand dollars, whence its army of mis-sionaries will be sent throughout the world. "'It was also by Pope Leo's advice that the order of the Franciscans transferred their commissariat to a location near the Catholic University. Acting upon similar suggestions, other orders and congregations are considering plans to make their work-ing headquarters at Washington. All this r iris_  I --;7---‚, , r ,t,, i;',..... 1 --;...;,t..—....—,..:11,-,-.j.i.i._11; i -f .1. 1-4)-1114 ii If, giiii'li--.3t !I , il ..- - ..1""r  - - U ri ti -I-'  il ill  .17 7 1, I I- 1111 tjt-C6 - iT 1 I it irt o vi = b--fr CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY, WASHINGTON, D. C. the following, published about the time of the death of Leo XIII, shows : Š " At no time have so many plans of far-reaching importance been in process of maturity between the American church and the holy see. As an instance of the pope's estimation and love for the United States, the following authentic incident may be related: The general of the Dominicans  has been so quietly accomplished during the last half dozen years that little attention has been attracted, even in Roman Catholic circles."Š St. Joseph (Mo.) News, July 20, 1903. At a " smoker " given to visiting Knights in Washington, April 16, 1904, Daniel Col-well, national secretary of the Knights of Columbus, predicted that the time would 