LIBERTY 29 3. If Christians in all countries pro-mulgate those principles, they promulgate that which is contrary both to Christianity and to the true principles of civil govern-ment. The civil government has no right ts, tax one man in order to teach his chil-dren a religion in which he does not be-lieve. 4. The church which teaches such prin-ciple is not helping either religion or the nation, but is injuring both. She brings  program there lie hidden the dragon fea-tures of the power which that program is to develop. By that it is proposed that the state shall have the right to override every right of the individual if it shall choose so to do. That would scatter to the winds every guarantee of religious liberty for the individual, and put the whole world back again into the distress-ing conditions against which protested the apostles of the Reformation. It would 3 6 4 5 I 2 LEADERS OF THE NATIONAL REFORM ASSOCIATION i. Rev. S. F. Scovel, president (deceased) ; 2. Rev. J. S. Martin, general superintendent; 3. Rev. T. P. Stevenson (standing), corresponding secretary and editor of the Christian States-man; 4. Rev. R. C. Wylie; 5. Rev. W. I. Wishart (standing) ; 6. Rev. H. H. George the state into subjection to a class, and makes religion the football of majorities. 5. When any number of persons band themselves together to make their " prin-ciples dominant," force takes the place of love, and the religion of Jesus is thereby smittei in the house of its avowed friends. 6. When all the laws of the nations have been made to " conform to the moral laws of the Christian religion," then the Christian religion becomes " established " in all those nations. That means the union of church and state, not for Amer-ica alone, but for all the nations of the world. 7. In paragraph six of the foregoing  mean the rule of an ecclesiastical hier-archy over again, with the state as the subservient tool of the church, to enforce its dogmas and punish the objects of its anathemas. 8. Paragraph eight makes the welfare of the nation Š and the smile of God upon it Š to depend upon the keeping of Sunday. 9. Paragraph nine violates both the spirit and the letter of our national Con-stitution, which makes every citizen equal before the law, and equally en-titled to offices of public trust. The Constitution declares that no religious test shall evert be required as a qualifica-tion for the holding of an office but par- 