58 LIBERTY prudence to consider that all jurisdiction is denied them over the clergy Š over both the persons and the goods of eccle-siastics."--"Select Historical Documents of the Middle Ages," translated and edited by Erncst F. Henderson, London, George Bell and Sons, 1903, page 432. In the same bull the Pope threatened dire results to any one who should dis-regard this immunity of the clergy. We quote the "anathema : Š " From the aforesaid sentences of ex-communication and interdict, moreover, no one shall be able to be absolved, ex-cept in the throes of death, without the authority and special permission of the apostolic chair; since it is our intention by no means to pass over with dissimu-lation so horrid an abuse of the secular powers. Notwithstanding any privileges whatever Š under whatever tenor, form, or manner, or conception of words Šthat have been granted to emperors, kings, and other persons mentioned above; as to which privileges we will that, against what we have here laid down, they in no wise avail any person or persons. Let no man at all, then, in-fringe this page of our constitution, pro-hibition or decree, or, with rash daring, act counter to it; but if any one shall presume to attempt this, he shall know that he is about to incur the indignation of Almighty God and of his blessed apostles Peter and Paul." With a view to the preservation of this ancient privilege Pope Pius IX in the famous syllabus of 1864 (Prop. 31) con-demned the teaching that ecclesiastical courts for the benefit of the clergy ought to be abolished. Here is the statement which he condemned : Š " Ecclesiastical courts for temporal causes, of the clergy, whether civil or criminal, ought by all means to be abol-ished, even without the concurrence and against the protest of the Holy See." In spite of the fearful consequences which it was declared would attend a disregard of the papal bull of Boniface VIII. it appears that the church herself had largely abolished the immunity until  it was revived by the recent action of the present Pope. Thus we read: Š " The privilege of the tribunal has dis-appeared almost completely to-day, with the consent, whether tacit or explicit, of the church in the various concordats."Š" The Catholic Encyclopedia," Vol. VII, page 691. (Printed 191o.) In thus attempting to revive and to enforce the doctrine of the immunity of the clergy from the secular courts, Pope Pius X is therefore harking back to the middle ages, and following the lead of that most arrogant Pope, Boniface VIII, who claimed complete jurisdiction over both church and state. It requires only a cursory examination of this Motu proprio to show that it is a direct interference with the civil rights of every Roman Catholic citizen, and that if it is carried into effect, it prac-tically places a large number of persons in the United States entirely outside the jurisdiction of the courts of the coun-try. We are heartily in favor of any proper effort to induce the members of any church, whether clergymen or lay-men, to settle their difficulties according to the Scriptural method, and we are not justifying their bringing each other into the courts, yet we do protest against any ecclesiastical authority claiming the right to forbid this under pain of excommuni-cation. Furthermore, the intent of this document is not to discourage lawsuits among laymen, but simply to protect the clergy from such actions, and thus to give them a very decided advantage over lay-men. The prohibition therefore is not so much in the interest of good morals as in the interest of a class of especially favored persons. The light in which this papal utterance is regarded in England is shown by an extract from a letter from the London correspondent of the Homiletic Review. This extract which appeared in the issue of that magazine for March, 1912. reads : Š " This latest of Vatican thunderbolts is causing intense indignation both in the United Kingdom and on the Continent. 