Sunday Rest in California J. F. BLUNT CALIFORNIA again is confronted with a Sunday-rest bill, this time proposed on the initiative, to be voted upon in November. The proposition, originating with the church element and drafted in the ostensible interest of labor, though offered repeatedly to the legislature, failed to secure indorsement. In the course of years, this seeming solicitude on behalf of the working Man attracted the notice of men identified with the trade-unions, and a few of them, albeit recognizing the ulterior designs of the clerical party, thought to profit from The association, and espoused the plan to en-force by civil law the observance of Sun-day as a day of idleness. Over and over again, it was found by the legislators that the proposed Sun-day enactment was in violation of express guaranties contained in the State consti-tution, and largely for that reason it was refused passage. Then the initiative was invoked, and enough signatures having been secured to compel its submission to a vote of the people, it will go on the ticket at the next general election, to-gether with sixteen other initiative meas-ures, twenty-two constitutional amend-ments, four bonding acts, one concur-rent resolution to revise the constitution of the State, and four referendum propo-sitions. The ballot to be used at the pri-mary election, in order to provide space for all these issues and to leave room for the names of those seeking election to the various offices in the gift of the State, it is said, will be from one to two feet wide and five feet long. Thus is dis-closed with wonderful clearness the beauty of the voting system which now obtains in California. Though having its inception through the unasked offices of the religious cham-pions, the movement never enlisted more than a half-hearted support from the churches of California. The officers of the Federation of Churches, however, lent their indorsement to the project of  accomplishing with the initiative what could not be effected at the legislature, and ignored all legal and constitutional impediments. The boast is openly made that the supreme court will reverse itself, if the bill should carry, in order to satisfy the demands of the united la-bor and church elements now enlisted in the controversy. " This is a country of majorities," said one of the labor men, who poses as the organizer of the Sun-day-rest movement in seventeen States, and the special advocate of the barbers' union. " Those supreme court justices keep an ear close to the ground, and they will sustain the demands of labor, if the bill shall carry in California." In support of this sanguine statement, this ardent official cited his recent ex-periences in Los Angeles, where he said the city councilmen had been pledged to vote for a Sunday-closing ordinance ; and the mayor is alleged to have said, on that occasion, that he would sign it if they adopted it, " although it is unconsti-tutional." Thus it is seen with what confidence self-seeking interests are re-lying upon the ignoring of all underlying principles, and the repudiation of con-stitutional pledges, if only it should ap-pear that a majority can be found favor-ably disposed to the penalizing of Sun-day labor. So confident have the labor union men been in their assurance that the Sunday bill will carry, that they have inserted in the bill itself a full-fledged eight-hour-day proposition, the success of which would be insured by the passage of the Sunday-closing measure, even if the regular eight-hour law, likewise proposed on the same ballot, should be defeated. Nor are there the same provisions for lightening the burden of the eight-hour law in the Sunday bill that were inserted in the other measure. The apparent idea was that the less it was particularized the better would be its pPospect of passitlg, slipping in as a side issue. 163 