104 LIBERTY ance of Christmas, is increasing in strength and results. " In Portland; Oregon, for example, where Columbus day was celebrated for the first time, the officials of the city took part in the ceremonies, and the school-children were given a prominent place. In Mobile, Ala., one of the States which has only just passed an act to observe the day, all business ceased, street parades and receptions were organized, and ad-dresses were given on the life and deeds of Columbus. " In New York City a glittering line of soldiers, sailors, and civic organiza-tions, forty thousand persons in all, pa-raded in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and the surrounding towns. The cities of New Jersey also celebrated, and great enthu-siasm marked both the native and the Italian participants. " In the District of Columbia two pur-poses were held in view Š one was that of the celebration itself, those interested in the matter desiring to give to the un-official ceremonies all the elements of a general celebration, while those who had taken a glimpse into the future bent their energies toward getting Congress to make the day a legal holiday for the capital of the republic, and thus inciden-tally to set an example for those States and countries not yet arrived at definite action in the matter. " Among those agitating for a uni-versal American holiday are two kinds of organizations deserving especial at-tention. One is that of the numerous Italian societies ; . . . the other is that organization known as the Knights of Columbus, a well-known fraternal so-ciety remarkably well extended in all parts of the United States, into Canada, Cuba, and the Philippine Islands. . . . One of its fundamental purposes is the popularization of the name of Columbus. Already a bill has been introduced before Congress to make the twelfth of October a legal holiday in the District, and its ultimate success seems not far off. Per-sistent effort is to be made to have Con-gress recognize October 12 as Columbus day." (Italics ours.) A Roman Catholic Holiday The sectarian character of this festival is easily ascertained by reference to the boasts of Roman Catholics and the warn-ings of watchful Protestants. Witness the following concluding lines of an ar-ticle on " The Columbus Memorial," by M. J. O'Connor, a Jesuit, in the Catholic weekly America (May 25, 1912) : Š " This superb memorial, together with the proclamation of Columbus day as a legal holiday in many of the States in the Union, both largely due to the virile efforts of the Knights of Columbus, will forever abide with us to prove how little has availed narrow opposition to the na-tional reverence due to his memory." (Italics ours.) According to the Catholic News (New York) of Oct. I, 191o, the following statement formed part of an address read to Pope Pius X the summer of 19o9, by Rev. M. J. McGivney, one of a delega-tion received by the pontiff in private audience : Š " The erection of a memorial to Chris-topher Columbus in the city of Washing-ton by the United States government is largely due to the work of the Knights of Columbus. They also have been in-strumental in having the anniversary of the discovery of America by Columbus made a legal holiday in fifteen States." The following editorial in the Pilot (June 15, 1912), " official organ of the archdiocese of Boston," and mouthpiece of the militant Cardinal O'Connell, is especially significant : Š " The Catholic people have a right to take the largest share in the honors con-ferred upon Columbus. . . . It [the unveiling of the Memorial] was one of the most glorious events in the history of the national capital, and was of espe-cial importance for the great demonstra-tion of Catkolic faith and loyalty which it called forth." (Italics ours.) Again, the editor of the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia) re-veals the sectarian character of this holi-day in the following sentiments found in the June 15, 1912, issue : Š " The Knights of Columbus are to be 