18  LIBERTY town Exposition. In a syndicate article sent out May 31, 1906, one month before Congress finally passed the Sunday-closing of the Jamestown Exposition measure, Rev. W. F. Crafts, of Washington, D. C., refer-ring to himself, says: " The Superintendent of the International Reform Bureau went to Norfolk and persuaded the Exposition management to vote complete closing, and the law will therefore close the gates by contract." Thus this measure was lobbied through, and thus the " American Sabbath " is now on " exhibition " at the Jamestown Exposi-tion Ñ by law! Boycotting Declared Undignified and Irritating W. A. COLCORD THE Ohio State Journal, of May 18, 1907, publishes the following: Ñ " The first business session of the One Hundred and Nineteenth Presbyterian Gen-eral Assembly was marked by action tanta-mount to a declaration in favor of the ' blue laws ' regarding Sabbath observance. Ac-cording to the action of the assembly, ex-pressed in the adoption of the report of the committee on Sabbath observance, Sunday newspapers should be tabooed, and Sunday sports are anathema marenatha. An effort to bring about the boycott of shopkeepers who do not observe Sunday was rejected on the ground that such action would be un-dignified and irritating.' " The other two questions of special im-port given consideration were church co-operation and union, and evangelism. Neither of these excited the discussion caused by the question of Sunday observ-ance. " The resolutions adopted committed the church to a most advanced form of observ-ance, especially as regards the ministers and members in participating in games or sports, taking and reading Sunday newspapers, and acting so as to prevent others from having the Sabbath rest. The recommendation of the committee to only patronize on week days shopkeepers who observed the Sabbath was rejected on the ground that this was boycotting, and was undignified and irri-tating." Let it not be forgotten that the One Hun-dred and Nineteenth Presbyterian General Assembly, held at Columbus, Ohio, on May 17, 1907, decided against boycotting " shop-keepers who do not observe Sunday," on the ground that to do so would be " undig-nified and irritating." They might also have added that it would be unChristlike. But the fact that the boycott was proposed and recommended by a committee in this assembly as a means of bringing about Sun-day observance is worthy of note, for the Scriptures have foretold this as one of the very means by which this " mark " of apos-tasy is to be forced upon mankind in the last days. "And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Rev. 13: 16, 17. In 1893 a general boycott against the Chicago World's Fair was urged by various churches and church organizations because the gates were not closed on Sunday. Thus Rev. Dr. French, speaking at the Wesley church, Minneapolis, June 11, 1893, said:Ñ "We do not yet know what the outcome may be, but if the gates are opened we should like to join and help push forward a colossal boycott of the Fair."Ñ Minneapolis Tribune, June 12, 1893. The report of the regular weekly con-ference of the Baptist ministers of Chicago, held June 26, of that year, states that,Ñ " Dr. Henson was in favor of a strict boy-cott being declared against the Exposition. The Rev. Dr. Haynes urged the adoption of a stronger protest against the action of the directory, to be circulated among the Baptists of the country, whom he claimed numbered five millions, and containing a provision binding Baptists everywhere to remain away from the Fair."Ñ Chicago Times, June 27,1893. Efforts were also made to have every Christian Endeavor Society in the world join in this boycott against the World's Fair, as the following item which appeared in the New York Mail and Express about this same time shows: Ñ " The executive committee of the Ohio societies (of Christian Endeavor) is now in session in Cincinnati, and on Monday morning will receive a telegram from Chi-cago informing them if the gates have been opened on the previous day. Every Chris- 