LIBERTY 39 Sabbath day alone, the Puritans included Saturday evening in their holy day, and in the first colonial years these instructions were given to Governor Endicott by the New England Plantation Company : " And to the end that the Sabbath may be cele-brated in a religious manner wee appoint that all may surcease their labor every Sat-terday throughout the yeare at three of the clock in the afternoone, and that they spend the rest of the day in chatechizing and prep-araceon for the Sabeth as the ministers shall direct."Š From " The Sabbath in Puritan New England," by Alice Morse Earle. A New York Jurist on Religious Legislation EXTRACTS FROM AN ADDRESS BY EX-JUDGE CHARLES R. PRATT BEFORE THE NEW YORK STATE SABBATH ASSOCIATION, ELMIRA, N. Y., OCT. 31, 1906, ON "SUNDAY LAWS AND THEIR ENFORCEMENT" THE Christian Sunday, or Lord's day, is not a substitute for the Jewish Sabbath, but it is an entirely independent but analogous institution. It has no divine sanction. It grew up gradually among the early Chris-tians as an appropriate occasion on which to meet together and celebrate the event which distinguished their cult from all others. Hessey in one of the Bampton lec-tures shows that up to the end of the fifth century, and even later, the two days were not considered to have any relation to each other. It was finally worked into the church calendar as the chief of its holy days, and is one of the very many holy days of the original church, accepted by the Protestant denominations. There is no claim, I suppose, of any divine installation of the Christian Sunday. Whether a usage or custom growing up among a small and insignificant portion of a small portion of the world's population were divinely authorized or inspired to bind all mankind for all time, the average lay citizen is, I think, at liberty to question. Those who are most eager for the enact-ment of strict Sunday laws, and most strenuous and aggressive in their efforts to enforce them, are inspired by genuine belief in the sacred character of the day. It is well to bear in mind, therefore, that it is possible that an equally sincere belief in the opposite view may be held. It is impossible in the present age in a cosmo-politan community to secure the general  observance of any law or rule of conduct on account of any claimed divine or super-natural sanction. As a civil and political institution, it is not a creation of law in this country. The framers of the first constitution found it in existence, and recognized it in their acts. It is an inheritance from the common law of England. It was introduced into popular Christianity, and thence into common law and usage, by the influence of the clergy about the year five hundred. Government exists to.  protect the person and property of its citizens. It can not, as a rule, invade the rights of an individual or person except to enforce the rights of another individual or person. Any law which goes beyond that principle, which undertakes to abolish rights the exercise of which does not involve an infringement of the rights of others, or to limit the exer-cises of rights beyond what is necessary to provide for the public welfare and the general security, can not be included in the police power of the government. It is a governmental usurpation, and violates the principles of abstract justice, as they have been developed under our republican in-stitution. The most common form of legal inter-ference in the matters of religion is that which requires the observance of Sunday as a holy day. In these days, the legal requirements do not usually extend beyond the compulsory cessation of labor, the main-tenance of quiet upon the streets, and the closing of all places of amusements ; but the public spirit which calls for a compul-sory observance of these regulations is the same which in the colonial days of New England imposed a fine for an unexcused absence from divine worship. Although other reasons have been assigned for the observance of Sunday, in order to escape the constitutional objections that can be raised against it, if it takes the form of a religious institution, those who are most active in securing the enforcement of the Sunday laws do so because of the religious character of the day, and not for any eco-nomical reason. Sunday, as a religious institution, can receive no legal recognition. It is mani-fest that the religious liberty of the Jew or of the infidel would be violated by a compulsory observance of Sunday as a religious institution. Sunday laws, so far 