LIBERTY  19 a perpetual edict " commanding all bish-ops to pay an entire obedience and sub-mission to the orders of the apostolic see ; " " to observe, as law, whatever it should please the bishops of Rome to command," and " whoever refused to obey the citation of the Roman pontiff should be compelled to do so by the moderator of the province " where such bishop resided. Following this came the Council of Chalcedon, dominated by this same Leo, and the acceptance of its creed made obligatory upon all bishops by the emperors Marcian and Valentinian III. Leo then declared that " the decrees of Chalcedon are inspired by the Holy Spirit, and are to be received as the definition of the faith for the welfare of the whole world." But " the decrees of Chalcedon " were but the expression of the will of Leo. They were accepted as such ; but they were " inspired by the Holy Spirit." Then must Leo, who expressed them, have been " inspired by the Holy Spirit." This paved the way for the doctrine of infallibility. This was the papacy in full bloom. From that eminence Rome, re-ligious, began the real subjugation of the religious world, of the rulers as well as of the people. Kings received their scepters at her hand and trembled at her word of disapproval, sought favor from her instead of granting it to her as a beneficiary. The people were condemned to ignorance Ñ especially of the Word of God. Man's word was regnant; and God's Word, with those who read it, was condemned to the stake. Ecclesiastical dungeons were full of victims of the secret spies of the church dignitaries. The pope was in the place of God, abrogating his law, trampling upon his subjects, and blasphemously arrogating to himself the titles of divinity, while he poured out upon the earth the best blood of humanity. The Papacy Prophetically Portrayed That power and the work it did are plainly depicted in the Word of God. Daniel saw it and its work, and was grieved and astonished. He saw it sym-bolized by a " little horn " (Dan. 7 : 7-21), the special object of whose wrath was " the saints," and its special charac-teristics the speaking of great things,Ñself-exaltation, and an opposition to the law of God. Dan. 7: 8, 25. That power fulfilled that prophecy when the pope took to himself the titles " Vicegerent of the Son of God," " Lord God, the Pope," " King of the World," " King of Kings, and Lord of Lords ; " also when the popes permitted themselves to receive such adulations as these : " The pope, who is called God by Constantine, can never be bound or released by man ; for God can not be judged by man ; " " Thou art our Shepherd, our Physician, in short, a second God upon earth ; " " The sight of thy divine majesty does not a little terrify me."Ñ Anthony Pucci, in the Fifth Lateran. That power's oppo-sition to the law of God was also shown in the granting of indulgences for sin, and in the substitution of the Sunday sabbath for the Sabbath of Jehovah. That she did " wear out the saints," his-tory testifies with fifty million martyrs. The prophet John saw that same power, symbolized by a dissolute woman ; and when he had witnessed her work, he says, " I wondered with a great wonder;" for, he says, "I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." Rev. 17 : 3-6. "And," says the angel, " the woman whom thou sawest is the great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth." Verse 18. The same prophet sees the same power also represented by " a beast," having the characteristics of all the beast sym-bols of preceding governments, and add-ing to these the phase of religious dom-ination. See Rev. 13 : 4. This symbol also is given to the work of blasphemy against God, war against his people, and dominance over the whole earth in re-ligious things. Verses 6-8. Thus do history and the Word of God witness together, the complements each 