LIBERTY  173 pulsory upon all, those principles that can never operate effectively save in the secret recesses of the individual heart, convicting and converting and by that process controlling the individual. The true Christian everywhere will al-ways acknowledge Jesus Christ as his King above all kings, his Lord above all lords; but when he attempts to compel other men to make that acknowledgment, he does despite to the very spirit of grace that called him to the blessed son-ship of Christ. That acknowledgment cannot be forced, and it cannot be, made the actuating principle of government. The attempt to make it so would turn this world into another shambles such as that over which Torquemada and Isa-bella gloated. True it is that allegiance to the scep-ter of Jesus Christ is the only spirit in which the individual Christian can con-quer ; but when we attempt to compel every one else in the world to accept that allegiance and that scepter, we un-christianize ourselves and imbrue our hands in our brother's blood. But this was the spirit of the World's Christian Citizenship Conference, so far as the Na-tional Reformers had opportunity to ex-press it. Everything that is essential to the triumph of the individual Christian they would enact into law and enforce upon others whether they are Christians or not. But that is not Christianity in any, particular. That is the spirit that ruled and ruined in the dark ages, and that is what made the dark ages, and that will produce another dark ages if ever it becomes dominant again. The second paragraph quoted above shows that the National Reformers are not satisfied or pleased with the illustra-tion and example which our Saviour used Ñ the good Samaritan. Had they been there, they would have advised him to drop out the good Samaritan feature of his discourse and substitute for it a  military expedition. This shows again that the National Reform idea is out of harmony with the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and the religio-political aspirations of the organization show it to be out of harmony with the funda-mental and vital principles of the govern-ment of the United States. It is not dif-ficult to believe, therefore, that the two things which they are so completely out of harmony with may be in perfect har-mony with each other. And they are in principle. One of the topics most frequently re-ferred to at this conference was the " Christianizing of the social order." By that is meant that all the activities of human existence are to be Christianized. There was much said about social re-demption, about saving the nations, but nothing about converting individual hearts to God. The Christianizing of the nations, the Christianizing of the social order, is not expected to be done by bringing individuals to the acceptance of Christ ; but human legislation is relied upon to bring about that wonderful transformation; and the kingdom of Christ comes into the realm of law through the gateway of politics. That is ' to them the coming of the kingdom, the consummation of the Christian's hope. Need we say that it is one of the great deceptions of the adversary to make men unprepared for the real coming of the real kingdom ? At this conference there were several eminent speakers, not members of the National Reform Association, and some of these gave utterance to thoughts that were diametrically opposed to the ideas and purposes of the association. The program was so arranged, however, that between the addresses of the more noted speakers there were sandwiched ad-dresses setting forth National Reform principles. The eminent speakers drew the large audiences, and the National Re- 