The Church and the State The Threatening Danger of Their Union CARLYLE B. HAYNES IN the consideration of all questions touching the proper relation of the church and the state a correct under-standing of the differences between these two' institutions is vitally important. In fact, until one is familiar with the difference in the fundamental principles 'Ipon which these two institutions are founded, he is not prepared either to consider or to discuss any of the numer-ous problems which the question of the proper relationship of the two is con-stantly presenting. With the adoption of the Constitution  for Sunday legislation;. in the existence of great religious organizations which are seeking to secure the power of the state for their own ends; and in the whole tendency of the churches today in forsaking the old-fashioned preaching of the gospel and attempting to right all of the world's wrongs by political means. Therefore we need to study again and become thoroughly familiar with the fun-damental principle; affecting the relation of church and state. Church and state differ. They differ in nature, in origin, in purpose, in meth- Copyright Boston rhoto News Co. WOMEN IN TRAINING A section of the Women's Volunteer (Reserves) in khaki uniforms undergoing signal drill at Wimbledon, England. it was thought that the whole question of the relationship of the church and the state was settled in the United States. The question has now been reopened, and the danger of a complete reversal of the established principle of entire sep-aration of church and state now con-fronts this nation. And this is by no means merely a fancied danger. It is real, terribly real, and it " hasteth greatly." This danger can be seen in the con-stant demands which are being made 120  ods, in rewards, in punishments, in their sources of power, in authority, and in their sanctions. Their purposes and aims and enterprises and operations lie far apart. The church is a scheme of salvation from sin; the state is secular govern-ment. The church deals with eternity; the state deals with time. The head of the church is an infallible, omniscient, and omnipotent God, who sees the ,mo-tives and knows the hearts of men; the state is presided over by fallible men, 