QUAKER IN THE STOCKS IN MASSACHUSETTS FOR DISSENT FROM THE STATUTE-ENFORCED RELIGION LIBERTY 7 Rights ; and inasmuch as the courts have uniformly held against that plea, there is nothing left for the Adventists but to suffer the penalty Š usually a small fine and costs of the suit, amounting in most instances to about fifty dollars in each case. There is a strange inconsistency in all these Sunday law cases. Invariably the prosecutors are persons who either have a fancied personal grievance or else are inspired by religious zeal. This latter was well illustrated some years ago in Henry County, Tennessee. There was in that county a community of Seventh- day Adventists, numbering about sixty. One day a good brother belonging to one of the several Sunday-keeping churches in that section of the county, said to one of the Ad-ventists, " We have hard work to maintain our meetings in your neigh-borhood ; why don't you people come out on Sunday and help us ? " Said the Adventist : " We have our own church to look after, but if you will convince us that we are wrong, we will all attend your meetings." That's just what we're going to do," said the Sunday keeper ; " we're going to pros-ecute every one of you." And sure enough, it was only a little while until almost every male Adventist in that neighborhood was indicted, and quite a number of them served terms in jail for the crime of practical dissent from the religion of their Sunday-keep-ing neighbors. There was absolutely no other fault to be found with these men. Everybody admitted that they were in all other respects model citizens. It has been argued in Tennessee that " the Sunday law is not a religious but a civil regulation ; " that " its enforce-ment is not religious persecution, but only  a legitimate exercise of the police powers of the State." But has it not been ever thus? Christ was put to death on the charge of conspiring against Caesar. The early Christians suffered as enemies of the state. Wherever church and state are united, it matters not how frail the link may be, offenses against the church or religion are offenses also against the state, and are punished accordingly. In all such cases the police power of the state is invoked to enforce church dis-cipline. But what is the " police power "?  Webster's New International Dictionary (1913) says:-- The inherent power of a government to regulate its police affairs. The term police power is not definitely fixed in meaning. In the earlier cases in the United States it was used as including the whole power of internal government, or the powers of government inherent in every sovereignty to the extent of its dominions. But like all other powers of govern-ment in this country, the " police power " ' is limited by the constitution, and can never rise superior to it. Outside of the constitution there can be no legitimate power of any sort in any American State ; therefore nothing forbidden by the constitution can be justified as a proper exercise of the police power. In all such cases " the police power " is merely a high-sounding phrase. a legal fiction to 