LIBERTY 23 ful factor in politics, the opponents of the saloon are already planning to swing against the saloon power of the State the full force of the 2,000,000 additional votes of the fair sex. In Kentucky, through the referendum, the question of State-wide prohibition is to be submitted to the voters. Local op-tion has already banished the saloons from all but a few counties of the State. In Minnesota and Florida the temper-ance wave is gaining great strength, and is sure of sweeping the prohibition cause to complete victory at the next election. In two other States of about equal strength it has been decided that the drys and wets shall measure swords again at the fall elections of 1918. The closing of the distilleries during the war by Act of Congress; the recent Act of Congress making the capital of the nation dry; and the passage of the resolution by the Senate of the United States to submit to the State legislatures  for ratification a Federal Constitutional Amendment for national prohibition, with the almost certain prospect that the House of Representatives will duplicate the action of the Senate during the early part of the present session of Congress, have been a source of much encourage-ment to the prohibitionists. Should they win thirty-six States to their standard during the next few years, so as to assure a victory for national prohibition, their cup of joy Š not of booze Š will be full and running over. In every aspect, such a triumph over King Bacchus would be more glorious than any triumph of the monarchs of all past ages. May the glad day hasten on when King Alcohol, the mightiest conqueror of the greatest conquerors of earth, will himself be conquered, and forced to submit to the all-conquering voice of the people. Let democracy triumph everywhere and in all things pertaining to civil relations, duties, and obligations. c. s. z. "The One-Eyed Censor" Ig.11 IN its issue of June 16, the Catholic Advance (Wichita, Kans.) said this: " The one-eyed censor who represents the decent public as monitor over moving pictures is nearsighted in the one eye.. We ought to put the censor and the movie outfit out of business if they keep on vying with each other in nastiness and deviltry, and not be so rigidly finicky about innocent recreation on the Sab-bath." A good many people are nearsighted, not only in one eye, but in both eyes; and we suspect that among them is the editor of the Catholic Advance. This editor ought to realize that he cannot both eat his cake and keep it. He cannot have Sunday laws and keep his liberty to indulge in " innocent recreation on the Sabbath." As a Catholic the Kansas editor doubtless feels that when the people for whom he speaks have at-tended mass on Sunday morning, they  may innocently spend the rest of the day about as they please; but there are a great many people who do not share his views. They feel that the whole day must be safeguarded from " desecration," Š in other words, from what this Cath-olic editor calls " innocent recreation,"Šand they will be likely to insist that their views be crystallized into law, as well as the views of our editor. The whole trouble lies in the assump-tion, both by the editor of the Catholic Advance and by a large number of Prot-estants, that the state has the right Šyea, that it is under sacred obligation Što compel people to observe in some measure a religious institution. Once grant the validity of this assumption, and there is no logical stopping place; the man who admits the principle must go the whole length of the evil road. C. P. B. 