LIBERI Y 39 cute of Sunday " play," but is opposed to " play " in the movies on Sunday. His position is thus stated in a dispatch from Baltimore, Md., to the Evening Star (Washington, D. C.), Feb. 11, 1920: " Cardinal Gibbons has come out strongly against the proposed bill in the legislature to permit motion picture shows on Sunday. When asked if he was in favor of a strictly closed Sunday, he said: " ' By no means. On the contrary, I am in favor of outdoor exercises on Sunday. Although in such exercises people will see no artificial moving picture, they will see a picture that will move them to the worship of their Creator and inspire their souls to rise from nature to uature's God. Again, Sunday is about the only must the state enter the controversy and decide the question? The People Must Be Behind Law The Rev. H. W. 0. Millington is chair-man of the Pastors' Federation, Wash-ington, D. C. These pastors are deter-mined that Congress shall commit itself to Sunday legislation, and in doing so. repudiate Americanism and Christian-ity. Yet the Reverend Millington ad-mits that Sunday observance is not pos-sible unless the minds of the people are fixed to observe the day : CARDINALS FARLEY, GIBBONS, AND O'CONNELL time our laboring men and women can enjoy such recreation. Moving pictures commercial-ize Sunday. Such a privilege will only be the entering wedge to admit other amusements of a commercial and pernicious character.' " Thus it will be either stay at home, go to church, or " play " out of doors on Sunday. What happens to the choice of the individual? He may prefer the quiet of the " movie " on Sunday, but the church and the state say, " No ; we will decide what is for your good on Sun-day," and American sovereignty is sub-merged in the will of ecclesiastics who are partial in the law. Yet religious people persist in saying that Sunday legislation is not religious ! When millions of Christians disagree as to how Sunday should be observed. " The Rev. Mr. Millington ascribed the possible failure of the law to the wide-spread indifference of the public toward a strict observance of Sunday."Š The Washington (D. C.) Post, Jan. 27, 1920. If the churches with the promised power of Infinity behind them, cannot create in the minds of the people a desire to observe Sunday strictly, can Congress succeed ? Is Congress greater than the Almighty Men who observe the day because they are forced to do so, are not the men who render a service that is pleasing to God. God abhors hypocrisy. Christianity Opposed to Compulsory Observance of Days Persuasion, the persuasion of love, the greatest force in the world, and not com- 