STATUE OF CONSTANTINE 176  LIBERTY the maxims of persecution; and the sects which dissented from the Catholic Church were afflicted and oppressed by the triumph of Christianity. " Constan-tine easily believed that the heretics, who presumed to dispute his opinions or to oppose his commands, were guilty of the most absurd and criminal obstinacy. . . . Not a moment was lost [after Christian- ity had been established] in excluding the ministers and teachers of the sepa-rated congregations from any share of the rewards and immunities which the emperor had so liberally bestowed on the orthodox clergy. But as the sectaries might still exist under the cloud of royal disgrace, the conquest of the East was immediately followed by an edict which announced their total destruction. After a preamble filled with passion and re-proach, Constantine absolutely prohibits the assemblies of the heretics, and confis-cates their public property to the use either of the revenue or of the Catholic Church. The design of extirpating the name, or at least of restraining the prog- ress, of these odious heretics, was prose-cuted with rigor and effect. Some of the penal regulations were copied from the edicts of Diocletian; and this method of conversion was applauded by the same bishops who had felt the hand of oppres-sion, and had pleaded for the rights of humanity."Ñ"Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire," chap. 21, par. I. Thus it has always been with every re-ligious organization ; no matter how lib-eral and meek its principles were in its origin, just as soon as it acquired politi-cal power it began the work of persecu-tion. For this reason, the framers of our national Constitution expressly prohibited Congress from legislating upon religious matters or in any way legally recognizing and establishing any religion whatsoever. They knew that if the clerical party was given as much as an entering wedge to pry open the doors of political power for the advancement of their own cause. it would inevitably lead to persecution and the reestablishment of the Inquisi-tion. Could anything have been more mild and humane than the Edict of Milan by Constantine? It must be remembered that he was a pagan ruler at the time he issued this edict of toleration. But just as soon as he espoused the faith of the orthodox church, he became intolerant toward all other sects, and took the lib-erties and privileges from them which he had previously granted. The ortho-dox clergymen told him that he had gone " too far in granting liberty to dissenting sects and heretics," and he was soon per-suaded not only to withdraw all favors and liberties from them, but to put them under the royal ban and under the anath-emas of the church. Knowing, therefore, of how short du-ration and of how little significance the Edict of Milan, issued by Constantine in 313 A. D., really was, and that finally it meant religious liberty for only the es-tablished state church, and extirpation for all the rest, how can " all the faithful in Christ " throughout the world appro-priately join in the commemoration of this event in 1913, and make it a " uni- 