UNIVERSITY OF FOUNDED 18o5, SOUTH CAROLINA (GYMNASIUM), S. C. MITCHELL, PH. D., PRESIDENT LIBERTY 11 consistent that he should assume the right to enforce the saying of prayers if he assumed the right to enforce the keeping of a sabbath. See Duruy's History of Rome, chap. 102, part I. From Constan-tine's day onward, religion has been wrapped up in Sunday legislation. Religion Enforced by the Sunday Law of Charles II The first section of the law of Charles II, passed in 1676, after which our colonial and State laws are patterned, compels both cessa-tion from worldly labor and at-tendance at church. It was enacted supposedly in the inter-ests of religion, and it does not seek to disguise that fact. Says that law : " All persons shall, on every Lord's day, apply them-selves to the observance of the same by exercising themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately." This Act Also Religious It is equally true that the pro-posed act for the State of Pennsylvania deals with religion, and that its chief pro-moters consider it to be in the interests of religion. Labor which is perfectly legiti-mate on other days of the week, and oc-cupations permitted on other days, are to  be prohibited on that day. Why is this? The answer is, Because they are worldly; that is, because they are not religious. But the government, to be true to the purpose for which it was established, must leave the propagation of religion to the insti-tution divinely ordained to promulgate it. The state can enter the realm of religion only to compel ; but " all compulsion in religion is irreligion," and can only lead to hypocrisy on the one hand and persecu-tion on the other. When government takes hold of any ordinance of any relig-ion to enforce it upon the people, it becomes a partizan in religious controversies and can no longer represent the interests of all the people, but only of that portion of the people of whose religion the enforced ordinance is a part. Government Must Recognize the Equality of Men The Sunday sabbath is de-clared by the advocates of Sun-day legislation to be a Christian institution, but the government can no more enforce a distinct-ively Christian institution with-out being a partizan in religious matters than it can enforce a distinctively Jewish or Mohammedan institution with-out being a partizan in religious matters. UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA (DAVIS COLLEGE) 