RANDOLPH HARRISON MC KIM, D. D. A Leader in the New Sunday-Law Crusade 44 LIBERI tion that are called Christians; but they officially declare and make the people believe that Sunday is a holiday after twelve o'clock noon. If we are going to have their co-operation, we must make some concessions to them." And yet these men have the boldness to tell us that the Sunday-law movement in America is not religious. If a Sun-day law did not itself bear the evident earmarks of being religious, certainly there can be no doubt that the agencies back of the Sun-day bills now be-fore Congress are strictly religious. In fact, the Sun-d a y Observance Association of the District of Co-lumbia, organized by the Pastors' Federation, e x - pressly states that its " object " is " to secure t h e passage of a Sun-day-rest bill through Congress, and to guarantee t h e proper ob-servance of Sun-day as a day of rest and worship in the District of Columbia." What could be plainer than this frank statement as to its object that it is religion and relig-ious worship which they are asking Con-gress to enforce? One of the speakers, Dr. I. C. Hunt, a worker for the Lord's Day Alliance in Kentucky, urged the Alliance to employ some of Germany's militant tactics in the prosecution of Sunday-law violators. " Relentless war should be waged," he said, "against all opposing forces seeking the secularization of Sunday, or making Sunday a civil holiday." " With this one commanding ideal," he continued.  " the Christian Citizenship of America can go forward, and write into the stat- ute books of every State and of the na-tion, adequate laws to protect the Chris-tian Sabbath [ Sunday] as such, and then by a propaganda as insistent, inten-sive, and intelligent as that by which Germany sought to wreck America and defeat the world, secure the adequate enforcement of the Sunday laws that are thus acquired." This statement was ap-plauded with enthusiasm by the members of the alliance. From the spirit manifested a n d advocated by the Lord's Day Al-liance, it is clear-ly to be seen that the alliance has developed a Phar-isaical system of religion of mere cold legalism and terrorism which they desire to im-pose upon all peo-ple, whether they want it or not. They propose to make slaves of all those who oppose their Puritanical notions of Sun-day observance, and to do it so universally a n d effectually as to allow no quarter, and with the same militant spirit by which Germany proposed to defeat her enemies and enslave the world politic-ally. They were opposed to granting any exemption to those of a divergent religious faith who observe as holy time another day than Sunday. This is the program they proposed in convention to put " through Congress." Dr. Randolph H. McKim and others seemed to entertain the idea that a legal acknowledgment and enforcement of Sunday and the tenets of the Christian 