LIBERTY 27 address by referring to the metal image of Daniel's prophecy (Daniel 2). The stone that crushed the image and which became a great mountain of universal power, according to Mr. Wilson repre-sented the Anti-Saloon League and its work. This statement was received by the audience with vociferous applause. Rev. A. C. Bane, D. D., responded to the address of welcome, and he empha-sized Mr. Wilson's application of the pro-phetic stone. Congressman Barkley assured the con-vention that the national prohibition amendment would be passed by Congress before the end of the present year, and that the States would vote for national prohibition. The applause that greeted this statement gave evidence that the dele-gates had no other belief than that the United States will be free from liquor in the near future. This is the hope and the prayer of all men who believe the liquor traffic to be a national curse. When national prohibition becomes a fact, will the League's work be finished? Evidently not. The atmosphere of the convention seemed to have in it Sunday legislation and a religious amendment to the national Constitution. It needs no prophetic mind to predict that the tre-mendous resources of the Anti-Saloon League will be dedicated to the cause of a national Sunday law, and such dedica-tion will undoubtedly terminate in suc-cess. What will be the result? A denial of the American principle of govern-ment, a union of religion and the State Šand retrogression. When a national Sunday law becomes operative, evil will result. It is to be regretted that the league gives prospect of adding a re-ligious propaganda to its work. " The Christian citizenship " of the country was a phrase frequently used by the speakers as they addressed the convention. Sunday legislation is un-American and anti-Christian, and when the Anti-Saloon League uses its tremendous power for the enactment of a national Sunday law, its days of usefulness will have ended. " Ichabocl " will be written not only on  the portals of the league, but likewise upon the escutcheons of the United States. The keeping of religious days belongs to the individual conscience: enforced ob-servance of them causes men to be mere formalists, and formalism is abhorrent to God and will result in ruin. " Let the shoemaker stick to his last." IV OE ME MAN'S first and highest allegiance in all things is due to his Creator; therefore the domain of conscience is one which human government, whether of one or of many, has no right to invade. No man can surrender his conscience to the keeping of another, and maintain his loyalty to God ; but as a responsible moral being, he must remain loyal to his Creator at whatever cost, even at the sacrifice of life itself. In such cases the word of the Lord is : " Whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it." God's word is, " Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil." This places every man on his own responsibility, and shows that a question of duty toward God, a question of conscience, is a question with which majorities and minorities have nothing to do. c. P. B. 111 itf THE state is within its legitimate sphere when it deals with the temporal affairs of men. The church is within its legitimate sphere when it deals with the spiritual affairs of men, and even then not as a lord over men's consciences. When neither of these organizations en-ters the domain of the other, there is peace, harmony, and prosperity, both temporal and spiritual.Š C. M. Snow. IV !V fiE THE proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy.Š Senate Com-mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Jan. 19, 1829. 