LIBERTY 51 of ' the Bible in all the schools,' and those who do not pledge themselves in our favor will be defeated. We will prove that they do not dare to vote against us, with the Christian people of this State aroused and organized. We will ride down all opposition. We will ride down those who oppose us; we will ride them down! " This last he said with arm ex-tended, fist clenched, and a noticeable expression of determination on his face. As he talked, I felt sad to see such mistaken zeal, such misunderstanding of the principles of patriotism, such big-otry, made doubly dangerous because clothed in the language of love of coun-try and love of God. Think of a patri-otic ( ?) address which prepares the way for the presentation of a scheme to unite church and state, a scheme that has no regard for the feelings or desires of millions of law-abiding citizens. Noth-ing is clearer than that men are assured equal rights under the Constitution of our country, regardless of differences of religious opinion. The state does not interfere with churches, Sunday schools, private instruction in the Bible in the home, nor does it prohibit private or parochial schools where men may have their offspring taught according to their religious convictions. The state sup-ports the public schools and only de-mands that other schools teach nothing to undermine true love of country. What more could any free man ask? But the most astounding part of the plan outlined above is that its promoters aim to have the Bible taught, and " ride down " all who oppose. A strange com- bination indeed ! It would appear that the proponents of the Biblical Alliance need to learn the principles of the Book they demand shall be taught. Perhaps a school of such instruction would not be amiss for them, provided only that Government funds were not used for its support. In no sense do I question the motives of those engaged in forwarding the fore-going plan. Admitting their sincerity, one stands amazed at their lack of under-standing. How can they believe that the average teacher could give instruction without sectarian bias? They represent a large class who have not learned that some things the state cannot and should not do. The following quotation from the December, 1919, issue of the Atlantic Monthly is fitting in this connection : " What the world asks now are state reforms and social reforms Š in other words, the reformation of our neighbors. What the gospel asks, and always has asked, is the reformation of ourselves Ša harassing and importunate demand. Mr. Chesterton spoke but the truth when he said that Christianity has not been tried and found wanting. It has been found difficult and not tried." There is a vast difference between ref-ormation by civil law and regeneration through the blood of Jesus Christ. The latter is God's plan. He calls upon those who have experienced it to tell the " good news." The testimony of humble men is to be made effective, " not by might, nor by power,"Š not by the arm of the civil law,Š but by the power of the Holy Spirit. tig FOR many years the Sunday keepers of Pennsylvania have put their confi-dence largely in a law of the State for-bidding and punishing Sunday work and amusements. The following tele-gram printed in the Washington Star of March 8, explains briefly how their confidence was tuisplaced " The supreme court today upheld the de-cision of Judge Staake, of the Philadelphia court. permitting Sunday baseball in Fairmount  Park, the great city playground. Sabbatarian associations and clergymen appealed from Judge Staake's decision. The proceedings aroused much public interest." Of course, this does not touch the principle of Sunday legislation, but it does show how unsafe it is to ask the state to legislate upon the divine law, or to interpret it by means of court de-cisions. Their refuge has failed them; their staff is broken in their hand. 