LIBERTY 81 That the proposed legislation is fun-damentally wrong. That there must be sharp distinction between sin and crime, sin being the transgression of moral law, and crime the transgression of civil law. That civil government can not reenact or enforce any portion of the ten com-mandments as such, because by their moral character they forbid evil thoughts as well as evil acts, and our Lord's inter-pretation of them designates as a mur-derer the man who hates his brother ; while civil government can not deal with a man as a murderer until he translates his thought of hatred into an act of vio-lence and kills his brother. Therefore, of necessity civil govern-ment can not be responsible for the en-actment of moral legislation, and must content itself with protecting every citi-zen in the exercise of each of his natural and equal rights. That each person has a natural and inalienable right to worship or not to worship God as his conscience dictates. That God does not compel him in this matter, and civil government can not. That it is the duty of civil government to protect men in the exercise of their choice, so long as they do not seek to invade the equal rights of their fellows. That true Sabbath observance is an act of worship, due only to the Deity, and acceptable to him only when freely ren-dered by the worshiper. That the attempt to enforce Sabbath-keeping by civil pains and penalties can tV produce only hypocrites, abominable in the sight of God and man. Frequently, these propositions have caused the advocates of Sunday legisla-tion to admit that it is impossible to en-force the religious observance of Sun-day, to deny that the bills under consid-eration proposed to do so, and to claim that a civil sabbath only is to be en-forced by law. The impossibility and absurdity of that proposition become very apparent when attention is directed to the following facts:Š That acts designated as crimes when done on Sunday are deemed wholly legit-imate, and often as really elevating, when done on Monday. That of necessity, therefore, the differ-ence is in the days, not in the deeds. That the days differ only in that some men regard Sunday as a holy day. That if its religious character were re-moved, Sunday would be only a holiday similar to the fourth of July or New-year's day, upon which it is very proper to hunt, fish, or do any of the acts for-bidden in the bills under consideration. That, therefore, a civil sabbath is not what is provided for in the bills or de-sired by their advocates. That these principles have received careful attention is evidenced by the questions asked, and by the fact that thus far every one of these bills proposing additional legal restrictions has been re-ported unfavorably, and the report has been accepted. A Triumph of Right Principles The Defeat of Proposed Sunday Legislation on the Pacific Coast J. F. BLUNT WHILE ample authority is found in the doctrinal works of most of the sects, _and the most eminent writers among the va-rious classes of religionists have united in the advocacy of civil and religious lib-erty, it is difficult to secure recognition from the churches at large of the inalien- able right of the individual to the free exercise and enjoyment of religious pro-fession and worship. Short-sighted members of various religious societies are continually trying to bring about a union of church and state, hoping in that way to obtain assent to their own dogmas 