The Heroes of Liberty BY JOHN THOUSANDS of them are unknown, and yet to these unknown heroes under God we are indebted for much of the liberty at present enjoyed in these United States. We are so secure in the enjoyment of religious liberty that we are inclined to forget what has been endured by those who refused to yield to the dictates of human authority when they conflicted with the conscience of men and the law of God. The following citation from Lecky's " History of European Morals," end of chapter three, vividly portrays what was endured by Christians: Š In Pagan Times " Among the records of pagan persecution there are histories which display perhaps more vividly than any other both the depth of cru-elty to which human nature may sink and the heroism of resistance it may attain. . . . We read of Christians bound in chairs of red-hot iron, while the stench of their half-con-sumed flesh rose in a suffocating cloud to heaven; of others who were torn to the very bone by shells or hooks of iron; of holy vir-gins given over to the lusts of the gladiator or the mercies of the pander; of 227 converts sent on one occasion to the mines, each with the sinews of one leg severed with a red-hot iron, and with an eye scooped from the socket; of fires so slow that the victims writhed for hours in their agonies; of bodies torn limb from limb, or sprinkled with burning lead; of mingled salt and vinegar poured over the flesh that was bleeding from the rack; of tor-tures prolonged and varied through entire days. For the love of their divine Master, for the cause they believed to be true, men, and even weak girls, endured these things without flinching, when one word would have freed them from their suffering. No opinion we may form of the proceedings of priests in a later age should impair the reverence with which we bend before the martyr's tomb." " In a Later Age " The following from a recent number of the Youth's Companion, tells what was endured " in a later age " by those who chose " to obey God rather than men : "Š " A company of Americans was visiting the old prison at The Hague. That place of hor-ror is now a museum, in which are gathered 168 N. QUINN instruments of torture such as were used in that and similar institutions in the Middle Ages. The guide took them through the pesti-lential dungeons; he showed them the torture chambers; he pointed out that the starvation cell was placed, with fiendish ingenuity, where the odors of the kitchen must constantly as-cend through the windows in the court. " He caused them to stand in the spot where men formerly were chained with a shaven spot upon their heads, to feel the dropping of wa-ter that at intervals dripped from a tiny hole in the ceiling above, and told them how in three days men went mad, and within a week died, raving. He showed them the blocks where men were beheaded, the axes and the swords that had once run red; he exhibited thumbscrews, racks, and other devices for in-flicting inhuman cruelty on human flesh. " Last of all, he showed them the wheel where men were broken with an iron bar and the sledge that finally put a merciful end to the suffering. " As he escorted the company to the door, he said, ' And all these things happened in what we call " the good old times."' . . . " They built great cathedrals in the good old times, but Š "'Those glorious windows shone upon the black And hideous structure of the guillotine : Beside the haloed countenance of saints There hangs the multiple and knotted lash. The Christ of love, benign and beautiful, Looks at the torture-rack, by hate conceived, And bigotry sustained. The prison cell, With blood-stained walls where starving men went mad, Lies under turrets matchless in their grace. . . . How was it then that men, Conceiving such vast beauty for the world And such large hopes of heaven, could en-tertain Such hellish projects for their fellow men ? '" The Test Apparently Insignificant The test in many cases was apparently insignificant Š a grain of incense taken from the hand of a priest and placed upon the altar of a false god; a word in recognition of a false doctrine being forced upon the conscience. A drop of deadly poison in a glass of pure water seems small, but it means death to the one who drinks the water. The appar-ently insignificant acts demanded of the followers of Christ meant the denial of 