LIBERTY 9 declaration of political independence. God grant that by the time of the cen-tenary of that independence, the com-plete separation of church and state may also be celebrated. Let us labor, Peru- vians, that the Reformed Fourth Article may then be, " The State guarantees the natural right of every person to worship, or not to worship, according to the dic-tates of his own conscience." tv Origin and History of English Sunday Laws C. S. LONGACRE SOME people and even some modern jurists claim that Sunday laws are civil in character, not religious. But any one who goes to the trouble of investigating the origin and history of Sunday legisla- tion knows that for fifteen hundred years the courts, the state, and the church, with- out an exception, recognized Sunday as an institution of the church and not of the state, based altogether upon religious dogma, not upon civil considerations. Some people will not believe this, however, without a presentation of facts from credible sources; consequently we cite the opinion of a supreme court upon this feature of the Sunday laws. In Story vs. Elliott, Am. Dec., page 424, Chief Justice Savage, in giving the or-igin and history of Sunday laws, says : Š Sunday is stated in all books to be dies non juridicus; not made so by the statute, but by a canon of the church, incorporated into the common law. According to the history given by Lord Mansfield, in Łthe case of Swan vs. Broome (3 Burr., 1597; 2 BI., 526, S. C.), an-ciently the courts of justice did sit on Sunday. It appears by Sir Henry Spelman's original of the term, that the " Christians at the first used all days alike for the hearing of causes, not sparing, as it seemeth, the Sunday itself." They had two reasons for it. One was in op-position to the heathen, who were superstitious about the observation of days and times, con-ceiving some to be ominous and unlucky, and others to be lucky; and, therefore, Christians laid aside all observance of days. The second reason they had was that by keeping their own courts always open, they prevented the Chris-tian suitors from resorting to the heathen courts. But in the year 517 a canon was made : "Quod nullus episcopus vel infra positus die dominico causas judicare praesumat;" and this canon was ratified in the time of Theo-dosius, who fortified it with an imperial con-stitution : "Solis die (quem dominicum recte dixere majores) omnium omnio litium et ne- gotiorum quiescat intentio." Other canons were made in which vacations were appointed. These and other canons and constitutions were received and adopted by the Saxon kings of England. They were all confirmed by William the Conqueror and Henry the Second ; and so became a part of the common law of England. Chief Justice Clark of the North Car- olina Supreme Court, in reviewing the origin and past history of Sunday legis- lation, sustains the opinion that Sunday laws were founded upon religious dogma, among the heathen first, and afterwards introduced into the Christian common- wealth wherever there was a 'union of church and state. His judicial review is as follows : Š Sunday legislation is more than fifteen cen-turies old, and this "historic argument" is of value in construing the existing law. All Sunday legislation is the product of pagan Rome; the Saxon laws were the product of Middle-Age legislation of " the Holy Roman Empire." The English laws are the expansion of the Saxon, and the American are a tran-script of the English. The first Sunday law, the edict of the em-peror Constantine, was the product of that pagan conception, developed by the Romans, which made religion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun. During the Middle Ages, the civil authorities exercised the right to legislate in religious mat-ters after the manner of the Jewish theocracy. The English Reformation introduced, for the first time, the doctrine of the fourth com-mandment to the first day of the week.Š"North Carolina Reports," Vol. CXXXIV, page 508. The kings of the Holy Roman Empire, under the union of church and state, clearly indicated in their decrees con-cerning Sunday legislation that it was in the interests of religion and for the sup-port of divine services that such legisla- 