LIBERTY 39 church-and-state union, and had set them-selves to remedy those evils. It might be well right here to say that true Amer-icanism is not to be measured by the religio-political ideas of Cotton Mather, John Cotton, and the intolerant doctrines of the New England Puritans, neither is it to be judged by the church-and-state idea of the early colonial period of Vir-ginia. Rather, true Americanism is to be tested by the doctrines set forth by the great statesmen who laid the foundation of the government,Š the men who con-ceived the ideas of liberty ; who sat in the councils where great ideas were born ; and who went forth and preached them to the masses. The names of such men as Madison, Jefferson, Henry, and Wash-ington shine with the luster of true Americanism. Let us see what they and others of their period have said about the relation of religion to the civil govern-ment. In 1776 a convention of the brightest minds of Virginia was called to draft a bill of rights for the colony. As finally adopted through the efforts of Madison and Mason, the sixteenth article declared " that religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, can be directed only by rea-son and conviction, and not by force or violence ; and therefore all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion according to the dictates of con-science." This has been called the day-break of religious freedom. What is this but true Americanism ? About this same time, Jefferson set about to establish religious freedom. For nine years he fought unceasingly. In 1785 he had the following enacted into a law : " That no man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship place or ministry whatsoever." Jefferson considered this of equal importance with the Declaration of Independence. To tax a people to have their children taught a religion, whether that be the belief of the Christian or the Hindu, would be in direct violation of this proviso. It has never been suspected that Jefferson was not a true American. An interesting incident marked the progress of the debates that preceded the adoption of this law. In the preamble it is declared that all attempts to influence the mind by temporal punishments have a tendency to beget habits of hypocrisy and " are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion." A member of the convention proposed to in-sert before the phrase, " The holy Au-thor," the words Jesus Christ. This was rejected, not from a sense of antagonism to the Christian religion, but from a de-sire to grant equal rights to men and women of all creeds and beliefs. True Americanism grants equal rights to the Jew, the Christian, the Mohammedan. and to the man of no religious belief whatever. During the administration of President Washington a treaty was signed with Tripoli, one clause of which declared that " the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." This certainly voiced the sentiments of Wash-ington, and Washington certainly was a true American. These illustrations might be multiplied, but it is not necessary. Philip Schaff says : " North America was predestined from the very beginning for the largest religious and civil freedom, however im-perfectly it was understood by the first settlers. It offered a hospitable home to immigrants of all nations and creeds. The great statesmen of the Philadelphia convention recognized this providential destiny, and adapted the Constitution to it. They could not do otherwise. To assume the control of religion in any shape except by way of protection would have been an act of usurpation and been stoutly resisted by all the States." In view of all this, let no one say that true Americanism demands that the Christian religion be taught by the state, and that people be taxed for its support. Rather let the idea prevail that religion should be left to the individual. " Keep the church and the state forever sepa-rate." College Place, Wash. 