LIBERTY 89 IN THE UNITED STATES (Concluded) PENALTY FOR VIOLATION. EXCEPTIONS ALLOWED. First offense, fine of $25; subsequent offenses, fine of $50-$roo and 5-30 days in jail. First offense, fine of not less than $15; subsequent offenses, fine of $20-$30, or 20-30 days' imprisonment, or both. Fine of $i  Fine of $5-$5o  First offense, fine of $io or 5 days in jail; subsequent offenses, ,fine of $25-$50, or 10-25 days in jail. Fine of $4, or 6 days' imprisonment.. Works of necessity or charity; persons who conscientiously observe the seventh day as Sabbath and refrain from work on that day; emi-grating or traveling by families, landing of passengers by watennen, toll-keepers, ferrymen, etc. Works of necessity or charity; those who keep another day as holy time. Theaters, drug stores, doctor shops, undertakers, livery-stables, butchers, and bakers; all circumstances of necessity or mercy may be pleaded to defense. First offense, fine of $5-$14), subse-quent offenses, fine of $1 o-$25; in default of payment within three  days, imprisonment in jail at rate of one day for each half-dollar unpaid. First offense, fine of not over $5, sub-sequent offenses, fine of $ro. Works of necessity and charity; dressing of victuals in private families, bake houses, lodging-houses, inns, etc.; landing of passengers by watermen, carrying over travelers by ferrymen, removal of families, delivery of milk or other necessities of life before 9 A. M. and after 5 P. Ii. Public markets, pharmacies, bakeries, hotels, restaurants, cafes, and places where refreshments only are served, public and quasi-public utilities, and works of emergency necessary to prevent unusual and serious financial loss; theaters and other places devoted exclusively to amusements or charitable purposes. Work of necessity or charity; professors of Sabbatarian faith or Jewish religion, or members of churches or societies of such professions, may he exempted from the restrictions as to Sunday labor. Every person of 15 years of age, or Works of necessity or charity. older, offending, fine of $1. Cases of emergency. Cars loaded with animals, perishable freight during April to August in-clusive, regular mail-trains, construction trains made necessary by emergencies, freight-trains in transit which can reach destination by 6 A. st., trains to religious service on order from railroad commission, trains delayed by accident. Fine of not over $to  Works of necessity or c'tarity; persons exempted who keep another day of the week as holy time, and do not labor on that day, and do not disturb on Sunday those who are observing that day as holy time. Fine of $3  Acts of necessity or charity. Fine of $25-$5o, or 15-3o days' im- urisonment, or both. Fine of $10-$50  Household duties, works of necessity or charity, necessary farm work to prevent loss of crops, running of boats, rail cars, wagon-trains, common carriers, delivering goods by them, or receiving or storing goods by parties to whom delivered, stages carrying mails or passen-gers, foundries, sugar-mills, herders who have a herd of stock gath-ered and under herd, traveling, ferrymen, toll-gate and toll-bridge keepers, hotels, boarding-houses and restaurants, persons who con-scientiously believe that the seventh day ought to be observed as Sabbath and who refrain from work on that day for religious reasons. line of $20-$50  Markets or dealers in provisions, prior to 9 A. Si., sale of burial mate-rial, newspapers, ice-cream, millc, sending of telegraph or telephone messages, drug stores. hotels, boarding-houses, restaurants, livery-stables, bath-houses, ice dealers, telegraph or telephone offices. Forfeiture of goods  Fine of $loo-$5oo  Fine of $5oo  