LIBERTY 31 these three state churches, and is there-fore an obvious injustice to them. As a consequence of the union of church and state, it follows, here as else-where, that some religious minorities have to suffer the deprivation of their rights. One point, however, has been guarded by the legislator. Article 27 of the constitution says that " compul-sory primary education must be taught in the public schools in such a way that these schools The Public Schools The Sunday rest made compulsory by law is also a cause of conflict in the public schools. These schools being open on Saturday, it follows that seventh-day observers are under obligation either to send their children to school on that day or to teach them at home. Very few, if any, can do this, and thus they find themselves under the sad necessity of sending their children to school on the day when they may be at-tended by pu-pils of all re-ligious denom-inations with-out infringe-ment upon their religious rights." Sunday Laws The existing Sunday laws in Switzerlan d are a conse-quence of this union between church and state, and these laws here, as every- themselves go to church. As a com-pensation and a n attempted consolation to Sabbath- keep-i n g parents, they are some-times remind-ed by school boards that their children shall be free o n Saturday from all man-ual exercises, such as wri-ting, drawing, physical drills, etc., the only  where else, are an encroach- ment upon the liberty of Jews and all Christians who observe the seventh day of the week. If they work on Sunday after resting on the Sabbath, they enter into conflict with the law ; and if they do not, they lose one sixth of the time which rightfully belongs to them, and are therefore deprived of one sixth of their income. A religious publishing-house, all of whose employees rested on the seventh day, was, in 1894, compelled to cease its operations entirely, and its manager was fined, imprisoned, and finally banished, because the institution was operated on Sunday, after having remained idle on the seventh day. thing asked of them at school being oral work. The casuistic distinction between mental and manual work is rather surprising for a country enlightened by Protestantism and the Bible. It is based on a purely Judaic and Pharisaic interpretation of the fourth commandment. Is the Principle Understood? It must be admitted that in Switzer-land religious freedom, as far as out-ward signs are concerned, is full and complete. With few exceptions, no de-nomination or propaganda is disturbed on the part of the authorities or the peo-ple. Does this mean that the spirit of Christian tolerance is everywhere under- FREE CHURCH IN GENEVA, WHERE PREACHED MERLE D'AUBIGNE AND GAUSSEN (FOUNDED IN 1833) 