LIBERTY 109 Verses 41 and 42 recite well-known his-torical facts; for instance, that the wild tribes on the east have never been brought under tribute to Turkey, and the further fact that the Egyptians, Libyans, and Ethiopians were brought under trib-ute to the Turks. Verse 44 of the same chapter seems to cover all the' years that have elapsed since 18oi ; while verse 45 tells us of the last move to be made by this power that has for more than four and a half centuries ruled over the northern division of Alex-ander's empire. Driven finally from Constantinople, from the part of the em-pire of Alexander that originally fell to Lysimachus and subsequently to Seleu-cus, the Turk will presently establish himself at Jerusalem, " between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him." Dan. 11 : 45. Always in the past, and even in this present war, some other nation has helped Turkey ; but the time is coming when all help shall fail, and " the king of the north " shall come to his end, " and none shall help him." It is for this reason that any war to which Turkey is a party has a much broader significance than could possibly be given by any  purely political question; for of the end of Turkey it is written : " At that time shall Michael stand up, the great Prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trou-ble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time : and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, .some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever." Dan. 12 : 1-3. This means nothing less than the com-ing of the Lord, the resurrection of the dead, and the reward of the righteous. Man proposeth, but God disposeth. " Careless seems the great Avenger ; history's pages but record One death grapple in the darkness 'twixti old systems and the Word; Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne,Š Yet that scaffold sways the future, and, behind the dim unknown, Standeth God within the shadow, keeping watch above his own." C. P. B. tV Who Said Prohibition Does Not Prohibit? THE following interesting news item was published in the Washington Post, May i6, and shows to what extremities the liquor traffickers will go in their dis-regard of the restraints of the law. This incident occurred at Charleston, W. Va. Varied and ingenious have been the expe-dients adopted to irrigate arid throats since this State went dry last July, but the most startling one was revealed today when promoters of a fake funeral came to grief. A hearse, a hack, and a casket were used in the plot. Waiting at a local railroad station were the two vehicles, the hack containing three mournful-faced men. From a passenger train stepped a veiled woman garbed in deep black. At the same time a child's casket was removed from the baggage car. As the woman walked toward the waiting hack to join the three men, the crowd gazed at her in compassion, and there was a murmur of sympathy as station employees started to carry the little casket toward the hearse. Just as the white receptacle containing the " remains " was being lifted to be deposited in the hearse, the bottom dropped out. To the astonishment of the onlookers, quart, pint, and half-pint bottles fell with a smash to the side-walk. The black-gowned woman gave vent to her feelings by uttering a word . descriptive of a region supposed to be even drier than West Virginia. The entire funeral party was ar-rested by agents of Prohibition Commissioner Blue. The plan was actually to bury " the child " in a grave that already had been dug and then to disinter the "body" at night. 