LIBERTY 37 places, that it requires no argument to prove the proposition. Even where exemption clauses in favor of that class have been made a part of the law, the exemption has been so manipulated as to nullify it, and bring about the imprisonment of moral and Christian men. Such a procedure was reported in both the daily papers of Seymour, Ind. The exemption clause in the Indiana Sunday law is plain and explicit; and yet the judge of the case found the accused man guilty, in spite of the fact that he had conscien-tiously observ'ed the Sabbath of his choice. Inasmuch as he had begun his piece of work on Saturday evening, and continued it into Sunday morning, it was held that he had not properly observed Saturday, and therefore was not entitled to labor on the following day. His manner of observ-ing the Sabbath was according to the Biblical arrangement, " From even unto even, shall ye keep your Sabbath." The exponents of the law, however, took advantage of a technicality which renders the intent of the lawmakers null and void. and branded as a criminal this Chris-tian against whom they could prefer no reasonable or legitimate charge. He was fined one dollar and costs, it being the first offense. This travesty upon justice and equity is a most discouraging and pain-ful comment upon the moral element in our boasted civilization. But this is only one of the legal quibbles by which Christian men are made to suffer as malefactors. There have been frequent instances where such Christian men have been arrested in spite of exemption clauses, and fined or imprisoned. The reason given for this miscarriage of justice and this nul- lification of the intent of the lawmakers is this: The exemption frequently specifies that the labors of this exempted class must be so performed that others will not be disturbed thereby. It has developed that any work whatever done upon that day, however quietly done, or however far removed from public highways, is disturb- ing to those anxious to enforce the Sunday law upon other people, especially upon per-sons who worship upon another day. Among such disturbing work we have noted the following: digging potatoes in a garden for a midday meal; plowing in a field far removed from a road; digging out stumps in a pasture; painting the rear  end of a church, the painter completely obscured from the view of those passing along the street. We might add many other such causes for arrest, but these are typical, and illustrate the case. In many such cases the informer has had to hunt up the one who was doing the work in order to get "disturbed." The mere knowledge of the performance of the quietest kind of work on Sunday by a certain class is sufficient to " disturb " many an individual, and send a professed Christian into a law court to bring an un-just accusation against his Christian neighbor. This is one of the baleful results of legislating upon religious things. There is nothing like a Sunday law to cause professed Christians to forget the true principles of the gospel of Christ, especially the principle of brotherly kindness and the golden rule. There seems to be that in Sunday laws that changes the " milk o f human kindness " into bitter thoughts and actions, and the " quality of mercy " into deeds that savor of the cruelty of the unre-generate heart. Having in it that power to transform the hearts and motives of men, it is not surprising that exemption clauses in favor of liberty of conscience should be overridden and nullified. Judged as Christ has taught us to judge things Šby their fruit Š we find religious legisla-tion unworthy the support of right-thinking people, and utterly subversive of the princi-pleF .of justice and equity. The American Constitution G. B. THOMPSON IN a letter declining an invitation to attend the centennial celebration of the Constitution, W. E. Gladstone, one of the most learned of English statesmen, declared our Constitution to be " the most remark-able work known to the modern times to have been produced by human intellect at a single stroke, so to speak, in its appli-cation to political affairs." This Constitution, including the amend-ments, constitutes the " supreme law of the land." Its chief glory, as we view it, is in the complete separation which it draws between the church and the state. There are two provisions which express the sov-ereign will and authority of the people upon this question. Article VI, Section 3, de- 