THE TALLEST SKY-SCRAPER This picture is made from the architects' plans for the building to be erected for the Equitable Life Assur-ance Society of New York City. The height will be gog feet above the curb, exclusive of r5o feet of flag-staff, di-vided into sixty-two stories. The tallest building at present in New Yolk is the Metropolitan building, 657 feet high. LIBERTY  41 which indicate the kind of influence now spreading to the nations as the result of the course being pursued in the United States. It will be sufficient to quote three para-graphs: Ñ " He always felt that the disunion o f Christendom was one of the greatest obstacles to the progress of Christianity. . . . Since I have been over to the other side of the Atlan-tic [U. S.], and seen how very much more all the churches are united in Christian prog-ress there, I have determined to try and unite them on all the points we can in this country. " In regard to Sunday, we have one of the great-est points on which Christians can be united. I look on the ob-servance of Sun-day as one of the -finest pieces of Christian evidence, which can not be refuted. " Secondly, w e have in Sunday what I will call the worker's charter, and as a clever man observed to me in our conver-sation t h e other day, 'Sunday is God's eight hours' bill."'. It will be noted that it was on this side of the Atlantic he found that Chris-tian unity could be secured by a uni--versal observance of Sunday. It should  be remembered that on this side of the Atlantic the churches of all denomina-tions are uniting on the question of Sun-day legislation to secure the so-called Christian unity. Froni the Sunday Circle, of February 1, we quote the fol-lowing from a ser-mon by the Ven-erable Basil Wil-berforce, D. D., Archdeacon o f Westminster : Ñ " There is one body and one spirit.' Eph. 6: 3. A 11 right-minded persons, all who keenly sympathize with those who live by labor, all who love and pity the burden- bearing animals other than man, will rejoice at the influential movement in prog-ress in connection with due observ-ance of Sunday. " It is a fact positively c a 1 c u-lated to cause joy among the angels of God that the representatives of the various con-flicting sects o f Christendom should at last have discovered a cause n o b 1 e, inspiring, utilitarian, which can unite them cor-dially upon t h e same platform." These utterances by leaders in Chris-tian thought in the United Kingdom, show that the spirit of modern church federation is already producing fruit across the water. 