GOV. ALFRED E. SMITH LIBERTY 63 The friends of Sunday laws claim that they are only civil enactments. If so, they must be limited to civil requirements for civil reasons only. If civil, they must be permissive, not compulsory, just as are laws creating civil holi-days, such as the Fourth of July. If it can be shown that " movies " and baseball are uncivil, let them be prohibited not only on Sunday but on every day. But if from the stand-point of civil govern-ment they are objec-tionable only because they are objected to by those who want a monopoly of Sunday for the offices of re-ligion, then let civil government keep its hands off, and leave the people just as free on Sunday as on the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving, or Christmas Day. But the fact is that the New York law it-self shows that it is a weak compromise a n d is not based squarely upon t h e rights of the people. The amusements men-tioned are permitted on Sunday only after 2 P. M. But why only  after 2 P. M.? There can be but one reason; namely, the fact that church services are usually held only in the forenoon or at night, so that even by this new law of New York the churches are guaranteed a monopoly of all but five or six hours of Sunday. This is " the Continental Sunday "Š mass in the morning and go-as-you-please for the rest of the day. Therefore, so far as the real principles of religious liberty are concerned, nothing is gained by the new law, b u t rather tho contrary; for whereas there was before some pretense that the law was in the sole interests of a weekly rest for working people and of public order, it is now seen and practi-cally confessed that the prohibitive provi-sions of the present statute were framed solely in the interests of religion, for only the fact of church services in the morn-ing can afford any reason for prohibit-ing during the morn-ing hours a sport freely permitted after 2 P. M. New York Legislature Sanctions Sunday Baseball and the Moving Picture GOVERNOR SMITH'S MEMORANDUM WHEN Gov.' Alfred E. Smith of New York State signed Senate Bill No. 276, " An Act to amend the penal law, in relation to public sports on Sunday," he sub-mitted the following interesting memorandum setting forth the reasons why he felt clear in legalizing Sunday baseball: " This bill purports to amend the provision of the penal law prohibiting public sports on Sunday. This amendment takes two forms: First, the prohibition against fishing is elimi-nated; and, second, localities are authorized, through their local legislative bodies, by ordi-nance, to permit the playing of baseball games on Sunday afternoon after two o'clock, for which an admission fee may or may not be charged. " As to the proposal to eliminate the prohi-bition against fishing, which many years ago became and has remained a dead letter, there seems to be no serious opposition, and it is proper that the law should be amended so that it will carry no longer an utterly unenforced and unenforceable provision in this regard. " As to the proposition to permit localities to determine the question for themselves as to whether or not baseball games shall be per-mitted on Sunday afternoon, most decided op-position has arisen. I have received hundreds of communications from citizens both advo-cating and opposing the proposed change, and I recognize that the feeling upon this subject is very deep and that the action which I take in this matter will be viewed with very great inter-est by a substantial portion of our citizens. 