LIBERT 3' 12') Anent this declaration one of the coun-cilman's colleagues remarked: - Mr. Kilmer's hearing seems to have lost its sense of identification. The voice of thunder most of us have heard today came from.  the Rennert [hotel] and not from heaven. But the effect appears to be pretty much the same. At the Rennert, it was reported, the bosses had been in close conference with the councilmen, and had given them to understand that they were to kill the baseball bill. From the remarks made by both the proponents and the opponents of the measure, it was perfectly evident that the bill was being opposed in the supposed interest of religion and the church. One of the councilmen declared:Š I know the people of Baltimore to be moral and religious. I know, too, that they are not to be driven. Those who desire to go to church will go voluntarily. You cannot drive them there by forbid-ding them reasonable forms of healthy and innocent recreation on Sunday. . . . You who enjoy the right to spend your Sundays in the manner that seems most  proper to you should not deny to others the right to live and act according to The dictates of their consciences. Is the lib-erty of the many to be restricted by a few? If this is to be so, then the spirit of our Constitution is lost, and in this country all that remains of liberty is the big statue that stands in New York har-bor. . . . You cannot make men regular church attendants by law any more than you can make them moral by law. All the blue laws on the statute books can-not advance the human race one iota. The justice and good sense of this councilman's address ought to commend themselves to every right-thinking indi-vidual. The demand for the enactment of religious customs and practices into law is in direct proportion to the growth of spiritual indifference in the rank and file of the church membership. There was a time when all the functions of the church were enforced by human law ; but that time was the Dark Ages, the midnight of the world. Every civil en-actment enforcing a religious practice or custom is a step backward toward that time and those conditions. c. m. s. 01rtt Why Rome Persecuted Christians PAGAN ROME had conquered the world. The emperors of Rome claimed the right to rule in all things, human and divine. The religion of Rome and the gods of Rome were viewed in a legal sense as national and superior to all others. Rome allowed the conquered nations to maintain the worship of their own na-tional gods upon application for legal recognition among the go Is of Rome; but the religion of every conquered na-tion was held subordinate (if admitted) to the superior religion of Rome. No religion of a conquered nation was ever admitted and legally established, even as a subordinate religion, unless its adher-ents and applicants were willing to swear allegiance to the religion and gods of  Rome as' being superior to their own. Rome said, We will grant freedom to all nations to worship their gods in their own way, provided they will also recog-nize and worship our gods as superior gods. Any failure to recognize the Ro-man gods was regarded by the Roman government as an act of " high treason." Consequently, the Christians who rec-ognized only one God as supreme and one Lord as their Saviour, and refused to worship the gods of Rome on the ground that the state had no right to in-terfere with men's relations with God, were accused by the Roman government of being " irreverent to the Caesars, and enemies of the C;esars and of the Roman people," and therefore " guilty of high 