LIBERTY 35 attached, were passed for the exclusion of all dissenters, for compulsory church at- tendance on Sunday, and for conformity to the established or state religion in all things. The Virginia Sunday law, passed in 1619, was particularly severe. It said: Š " Every man shall repair in the morning to the divine service and sermons preached on the Sabbath day, and in the afternoon to divine service and catechizing upon pain for the first fault to lose their pro-vision and the al-lowance for the whole week fol-lowing; for the second to lose the said allow-ance and also to be whipt; and for the third to suffer death." Under this es-tablishment vari-o u s dissenting denomina-tions, such as the Presby-terians, Quakers, Lutherans, a n d Baptists, particu-larly the latter, suffered many hardships and in-conveniences, by way of enforced support of the estab-lishment, and in restrictions in preaching and in holding of meetings, not a few Bap-tist ministers being persecuted and im-prisoned. While there was no law author-izing the imprisonment of any person for preaching, the law for the preservation of peace was so interpreted as to answer the purpose. As late as 1774 such arrests and imprisonments were made. The Demand for Disestablishment Finally, about the beginning of the Revo-lution, these dissenting and oppressed people began tq demand that religion should be disestablished in Virginia, and that all re-ligions should be treated alike. This was demanded not only as a matter of right, but was further urged upon the ground of reciprocity. If the dissenters were to join the Episcopalians in the conflict to gain their civil liberty, why should not the Epis- copalians grant to them religious liberty? This was a strong argument, and carried much weight. Many memorials for disestablishment were presented to the Assembly which met in 1776. These brought on the severe con-test referred to by Jefferson. In response to these, resolutions were introduced for the repeal of all acts or statutes, whether English or colonial, making criminal " the TOWER OF OLD EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN 162o maintaining any opinions in matters of re-ligion " or " making provision for the sup-port of the clergy." Against the passage of these resolutions the clergy of the established church fought most strenuously, setting forth " the mild and tolerant spirit" of their church, and the ".Christian charity and benevolence " which " had ever characterized her treatment" of " dissenters of every denomination,"Šstatements little appreciated by the Bap-tists,Š and accusing the Presbyterians of joining the enemies of the church, and " aiming at its ruin." But the cause of freedom was rising. Under the inspiring influence of Patrick Henry's " Give me liberty or give me death," the strong memorials of the Bap-tists and the Presbytery of Hanover, and the able arguments of Madison and Jeffer-son, the spiritual tyranny, brought over from the Old World, was losing ground. BUILT AT JAMESTOWN, VA., 