LIBERTY 185 position to the heathen who were super-stitious about the observance of days and times ; and the other being that by keep-ing their own courts always open they would prevent Christian suitors from re-sorting to the heathen courts. But in 517 a canon was passed exempting Sun-day from the judicial days, which, with other canons passed later, was received and adopted by the Saxon kings and em-bodied in the constitution of Edward the Confessor. These canons and constitu-tions were all confirmed by William the Conqueror and Henry the Second, and so became part of the common law of England. It may be interesting to the American citizen who does not believe in a union of church and state to know that more than three fourths of our American States which have Sunday laws upon their statute books have adopted the orig-inal " common law of England Sunday acts," which declares " that Christianity is a part of the common law of the land."  and hence Sunday legislation is made to appear justifiable. But Judge Rodman, of the supreme court of North Carolina, fittingly rebuked an American lawyer who appeared be-fore that august court, claiming that in the United States " Christianity was a part of the common law of the land." and that therefore Sunday laws were valid. The judge said, " It is incorrect to say that Christianity is a part of the common law of the land, however it may be in England, where there is a union of church and state, which is for-bidden here.-  The judge then declared that Christianity in America could never legally be recognized as " a part of the organic law which expressly denies re-ligion any place in the supervision or control of secular affairs."Š North Caro-lina Reports, Vol. CXXXIV, pages 508'- 515. C. S. L. The Church Promises to Keep Out of Politics IN a special from the Associated.  Press to the Washington Post of July 13, 1914, the following significant account is given Jesus Echevarria, the venerable arch-bishop of Saltillo, formerly of Mexico City, today was especially appointed by the house of bishops to go to General Carranza and plead for the lives of the priests. He will tell Carranza the church will keep out of politics. In another special to the Washington Post of July 28, 1914, sent from Tampico via Laredo, we have the following ac-count : Š A decree limiting the scope of the Ro-man Catholic Church in the state of Nuevo Leon, on the ground of " public health, morality, and justice," was is-sued today by Antonio I. Villareal, gov-ernor and military commander. He said : " During the life of the nation the church has been a pernicious factor in  disruption and discord, and has entirely forgotten its spiritual mission." The decree, issued at Monterey, makes the following orders for government of Catholic schools and churches : Š " 1. All foreign Catholic priests and Jesuits of whatever nationality will be ex-pelled from the state of Nuevo Leon. " 2. Of the remaining Catholic priests, those who cannot prove their complete abstention from politics will be ex-pelled." Quite a number of restrictive laws are laid down by the civil officers of the Con-stitutional government of Mexico, by which the Catholic.  priests and church officials are to be governed in their future relations with the state. The last regula- tion states : " Any infraction of these laws will be punishable by a fine of $too to Ssoo, and arrest and imprisonment from two to four months, or both fine and im-prisonment." 