r158 -- 28 LIBERTY " It is asserted that the right of each to rest deMands a law of rest for all. This may be good rhetoric, but it is poor logic. Two million Jews and a hundred thousand Christian observers of the sev-enth clay in this country, without a law compelling others to observe it, disprove the statement. " It is claimed that Sunday laws are essential to religion and the stability of  which would be exerted by the passage of this bill, the speaker, in conclusion, said If, in response to the wide-spread demand, Congress yields and enacts a compulsory Sunday law, it will in this act reverse the course it has so long consist-ently and persistently .pursued, and repu-diate one of the fundamental and most cherished principles of the national gov- TILE 110I ISE OF REPRESENTATIVES' OFFICE PM! DING "lhe hearing on the Johnston Sunday bill was held in an office in this building government. In reply, we need but cite the fact that Sunday laws did not save the Roman empire, nor make a nation of saints. Ronie fell, and the Dark Ages followed. " It is urged that the majority should rule. Not in religious matters, we reply." Other considerations were urged against the measure, some of which are: Ñ " All Sunday legislation is a violation of that general constitutional principle so frequently expressed in American law, that ' no preference shall be given by law to any religious sect, society, or mode of worship.' " No man has the right to compel an-other man by law to do in religious mat-ters as he does, simply because he be-lieves he is right, or because he may be in the majority." As to the wide-reaching influence  ernment. It will be the first fatal step in the downward course of uniting church and state, and will open the flood-gates to a tide of evil, the results of which many little realize." The Secularist Plea Mr. H. C. Kirk, president of the Sec-ular .League of Washington, spoke in opposition to the bill, his chief reasons for his attitude being these:Ñ " We are opposed to this legislation, first, on the ground that where any so-cial difficulty can be remedied without the passage of a law, it is better to ac-complish it in that way than to enact legislation." " The character of this bill, as tending to create new crimes and criminals, is sel f-condemnatory." " There is more than that, however. The question of whether a man is a 