LIBERTY 29 States (1914) per too,000 population, 4,856. Ł NM Barrels of beer produced in near-pro- hibition States (1914) per 100,000 pop- ulation, 28,622. Barrels of beer produced in partly-license States (1914) per too,000 popula-tion, 106,411. Barrels of beer produced in license States (1914) per too,000 population, 123,753. Satisfied with Prohibition The liquor party this year, claiming that the people were dissatisfied with pro-hibition, reopened the question of resub-mission or some other subterfuge to in-troduce liquor into five States that went  dry one and two years ago. But an as-tounding surprise came as the results of the election were tabulated, and it was discovered that the citizens in the States of Washington, Oregon, Colorado, Ar-kansas, and Idaho had overwhelmed the intrigues of the liquor movement with a more decided majority vote than when prohibition was first adopted. The cham-bers of commerce and the business men's associations who were against prohibition in the beginning, came out boldly, and declared prohibition to be the greatest ec-onomic friend of progressive business. The accompanying " dry " and " wet " maps show the tremendous gains toward making the whole map of the United States white and clean. Columbia will never be satisfied until her garments are white, her land saloonless, and her flag stainless. c. s. L. tV It IV Four More " Dry " States MICHIGAN, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Montana added to the ranks of the " dry " States by constitutional amend-ments, prohibition governors elected in Florida and Utah, and a popular vote for the abolition of the liquor traffic in the Territory of Alaska,Š these triumphs of the prohibition cause in the elections of November 7 crowd into the back-ground the vote polled by the Prohibition party's Presidential candidate. Nor does this astonishing increase of dry territory tell the whole story. In Arkansas, Wash-ington, Colorado, and Oregon, already under State-wide prohibition, proposi-tions were submitted to the voters- for various modifications of the law in favor of the liquor interests, and in all cases these amendments were defeated. In two " wet " States that voted on the ques-tion, Missouri and California, prohibi-tion was defeated, but in Missouri the contest was so close that only the vote of St. Louis, the great brewing center, kept the State out of the dry column. . . . The number of States under State-wide prohibition laws has jumped from nineteen to twenty-three.Š almost one  half the Union. " It will be noticed that Maine is the only State in the list east of the Mississippi River and north of Mason and Dixon's line," remarks the Newark Star-Eagle, which adds that " prohibition still remains a Southern and Western idea." " This reform, like every other ob-tained in the last twenty years, is moving from the West and South to the North and East," said William J. Bryan to a Denver interviewer; and he added, " Na-tional prohibition will be an acute issue four years hence, unless the amendment is submitted to the States before that time, which is possible." A few days later, in New York, he said to a repre-sentative of the New York World:Š " My work during the next four years will be to contribute whatever I can toward making the national Democracy dry. When an issue arises it must be met, and the prohibition is-sue is here. Our party cannot afford to take the immoral side of .a moral issue. The Dem-ocratic party cannot afford to become the champion of the brewery, the distillery, and the saloon. The members of the party will not permit it to he buried in a drunkard' grave. 