LIBERTY 37 The Sabbath in Puritan New England The Truth about Samuel Peters' "'Blue Laws " THE so-called " false blue-laws " of Con-necticut which were foisted upon the public by the Rev. Samuel Peters, have caused much indignation among all thoughtful de-scendants and all lovers of New England Puritans. Three of his most bitterly re-sented false laws, which refer to the observ-ance of the Sabbath,1  read thus:Š " No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep house, cut hair, or shave on the Sabbath day. " No woman shall kiss her child on the Sabbath or fasting day. " No one shall ride on the Sabbath day, or walk in his garden or elsewhere except reverently to and from meeting." Though these laws were worded by Dr. Peters, and though we are disgusted to hear them so often quoted as historical facts, still we must acknowledge that, though in detail not correct, they are in spirit true records of the old Puritan laws, which were enacted to enforce the strict and decorous observance of the Sabbath, and which were valid not only in Connecticut and Massa-chusetts, but in other New England States. Even a careless glance at the historical record of any old town or church will give plenty of details to prove this. Thus in New London we find in the lat-ter part of the seventeenth century a wicked fisherman presented before the court and fined for catching eels on Sunday; another " fined twenty shillings for sailing a boat on the Lord's day; " while in 1670 two lovers, John Lewis and Sarah Chapman, were ac-cused of and tried for " sitting together on the Lord's day under an apple-tree in Good-man Chapman's Orchard,"Š so harmless and so natural an act. In Plymouth a man was " sharply whipped " for shooting fowl on Sunday ; another was fined for carrying a grist of corn home on the Lord's day, and the miller who allowed him to take it was also fined. Elizabeth Eddy, of the same town, was fined, in 1652, " ten shillings for wringing and hanging out clothes." A Plymouth man, for attending to his tar pits on the Sabbath, was set in the stocks. James Watt, in 1658, was publicly reproved .1  The terms Sabbath and Lord's day, as here used, the reader will understand refer invariably to Sunday. " for writing a note about common business on the Lord's day, at least in the evening somewhat too soon." A Plymouth man who drove a yoke of oxen was " presented " be-fore the court, as was also another offender, who drove some cows a short distance " without need " on the Sabbath. In Newbury, in 1646, Aquilo Chase and his wife were presented and fined for gath-ering peas from their garden on the Sab-bath, but upon investigation the fines were remitted, and the offenders were only ad-monished. In Wareham, in 1772, William Estes acknowledged himself " Gilty of Racking Hay on the Lord's Day," and was fined ten shillings; and in 1774 another Wareham citizen, " for a breach of the Sabbath in puling apples," was fined five shillings. A Dunstable soldier, for " wet-ting a piece of an old hat to put in his shoe " to protect his foot Š for doing this piece of heavy work on the Lord's day, was fined, and paid forty shillings. Captain Kemble, of Boston, was in 1656 set for two hours in the public stocks for his " lewd and unseemly behaviour," which consisted in his kissing his wife " public-quely on the Sabbath day, upon the door-step of his house, when he had just re-turned from a voyage and absence of three years. The lewd offender was a man of wealth and influence, the father of Madam Sarah Knights, the " fearfull female tray-ailler " whose diary of a journey from Bos-ton to New York and return, written in 1704, rivals in quality if not in quantity Judge Sewall's much-quoted diary. A trav-eler named Burnaby tells of a similar of-fense of an English sea captain who was soundly whipped for kissing his wife on the street of a New England town on Sunday. Abundant proof can be given that the act of the legislature in 1649 was not a dead letter which ordered that " whosoever shall prophane the Lord's daye by doeing any seruill worke or such like abusses shall for-feite for euery such default ten shillings or be whipt." The Vermont " blue book " contained equally sharp " Sunday laws." Whoever was guilty of any rude, profane, or unlaw- ful conduct on the Lord's day, in words or action, by clamorous discourses, shouting, hallooing, screaming, running, riding, dan-cing, jumping, was to be fined forty shillings and whipped upon the naked back not to 