LIBERTY 21 mulgated. The case was well stated in an editorial in the Outlook (Oct. 5, 1912), from which these extracts are taken:Š The decision of President Taft with regard to the wearing of religious in-signia or ecclesiastical dress in govern-ment Indian schools can hardly be wholly satisfactory to anybody. Devout Cath-olics who believe it is a function of gov-ernment to teach religion will not be sat-isfied, because the President decides that no teachers will hereafter be engaged in such schools who wear ecclesiastical garb; devout Protestants will not be sat-isfied, because fifty-one teachers for-merly connected with Catholic schools now wearing ecclesiastical dress in the government schools, are permitted to continue the practise ; the great body of American citizens, without regard to re-ligious creed, who believe in the com-plete separation of church and state, will not be satisfied with the President's ex-planation of what is sectarian and what is not sectarian in government admin-istration. . . . The argument of Secretary Fisher and of the President may be substantially condensed as follows : There is nothing in the federal Constitution or federal statutes to compel the President to ex-clude sectarian garb from the Indian schools, therefore in permitting it he is violating no law; there are only fifty-one teachers wearing such garb in the Indian schools ; the government ought not to permit this number to grow ; and in so far as we can, we will take action to prevent its growing; it is true that the Indian schools are public schools and ought not to be sectarianized; the situa-tion is a difficult and delicate one, but we think the simplest thing to do is to let the teachers now wearing ecclesias-tical garb remain, as, after all, there are only fifty-one, and let the practise, even if it is not altogether in harmony with American institutions, die of its own ac-cord. We think Commissioner Valen-tine was right and that the President is wrong. It would be much better to turn all Indian schools over to private management, letting the Catholic Indians go to Catholic schools and the Protestant Indians to Protestant schools, than to in-volve the public-school system of the  United States in any kind of controversy over what we hope is the irrevocably es-tablished policy of a complete separation of church and state in this country. The Roman Catholic attitude toward President Taft's decision reveals both disappointment and dissatisfaction. Thus America (Oct. 5, 1912) declares that " the triumph really rests . . . with the Protestant preachers and bigots who questioned the right of the fifty-one out of the two thousand government em- ployees to wear the 'religious garb," and says further: Š Why should the government, to justify its action, declare that it is its policy to secure purely non-sectarian teaching in schools? Non-sectarianism is a most pro-nounced form of religion or irreligion, and the adoption of a policy favoring non-sectarianism is tantamount to the Adoption of a policy that is directly against the spirit, if not against the ex-press wording, of the Constitution itself. The President and his Secretary of the Interior had a fine opportunity to reen-force the proper interpretation of. the religious clause of the Constitution which antagonizes none, but favors all ; they might have given a ruling which would differentiate the generous spirit of the Constitution of the American re-public from the hostile and active antag-onism of the infidel countries of Europe, which, under the name of sectarianism, is banishing God and morality from the education of the young; but they have, we fear, allowed themselves to be ruled by expediency, and have yielded a prin-ciple when they might have reestablished and confirmed a right. Much after the same order is the edi-torial comment in the Catholic Standard and Times (Oct. 14, 1912) which de-clares that those who upheld the Valen-tine order " are so jaundiced and blinded by rank and bitter religious bile, excited at the mention of the word Catholic, that they are unable to realize how utterly contemptible and un-American their con-duct is." It then goes on to say : Š The President is blamed by them for 