- - - r* `tQuort  I  DRUNKARD Illlllulllllllllllllllllllllllllllll LIBERTY 95 vance in opposition to prohibition are the same as those which were set forth by the slave traffickers before the days of the Civil War in opposition to aboli-tion of slavery. Slavery cannot be abol- ished in itself as long as men are selfish. They will make slaves of themselves, their wives, children, and employees : but there is one feature that can be abol- ished, and has been abol-ished, and that is the legal- ity of the slave traffic. Just so we are asking the national and State govern-ments to remove the strong legal a r m of protection, and to allow the people to put the ban on the liquor traffic. The greatest en-emy, which destroys the peace of the home, breaks down the bulwarks of the family, debauches Amer-ican citizenship, threatens the very life of the repub-lic, and ruthlessly assails the most sacred inheritance of every man, woman, and child,Š the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,Š is t h e liquor demon. The liquor traffic, in this country alone, leaves in its slimy trail more than one hundred thousand ruined homes annually, blasts the pects of their inmates, and tion of the product of their An army of men, women, and children four times the number of the whole American army go down to premature death and hopeless graves every year through the baneful results of the Amer-ican saloon. Over three thousand wives are murdered every year in this country by drunken husbands; over two thou-sand five hundred innocent children are murdered every year in this country by drunken fathers; over sixteen thousand helpless children are forsaken every year  in this country by drunken parents, and thrown upon public charity ; and seventy-five per cent of all the crime committed every year in this country is traceable either directly or indirectly to the liquor traffic. King Alcohol is the great enemy of life, liberty, justice, and happiness, and his death knell has been sounded in America. C. S. L. A MIGHTY prohibition wave is sweep-ing the whole country. The States which had declared for prohibition up to Sept. I, 1914, were Maine, Kansas, Geor-gia, Mississippi, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and West Virginia, but since then during the last six months, the following nine States have been added to this grand galaxy : Virginia, Colorado, Arizona, Oregon. Washington, Alabama, Arkansas, Iowa, and Idaho. Seven other State legisla-tures have voted to submit this question to popular vote in the near future, which will mean more dry States. C. S. L. future pros-robs the na-intellect. PRISONERS OF THE LIQUOR WAR. OVER ONE HUN- DRED THOUSAND AMERICAN YOUTH TAKEN CAPTIVE ANNUALLY 