TRIAL OF MARTHA CORY Miles Cory and his wife Martha were both accused of witchcraft. She was tried, condemned, and executed by hanging. He refused to plead and was pressed to death. It seems that both this man and woman 'were inoffensive people. LIBERTY  119 himself, spending a whole day there in fasting and prayer, and so cont tolled the devil, he said, who would allow the poor victims to " read Quaker books, the Book of Common Prayer, and popish books," but not the Bible. Mather and his associates were satisfied that the Irishwoman was a witch, and these holy men had the satis-faction of seeing the poor creature hanged. The excited Mather (who was ridiculed by unbe-lievers) preached a sermon against witchcraft, crying from the pulpit, with arms extended, " Witchcraft is the most nefarious high treason against the Majesty on high. A witch is not to be endured in heaven or on earth." His sermon was printed and scattered broadcast among the people, and soon bore terrible fruit. In 1692 an epidemic disease broke out in Danvers, resembling epilepsy. The physicians could not control it, and with Mather's sermon before them, they readily ascribed it to witch-craft. A niece and a daughter of the parish clergyman were seized with convulsions and swelling of the throat, and all the symptoms produced by hysterics. Their strange actions frightened other young girls. A belief that evil spirits in the form of witches were permitted to afflict the people was soon widespread, and  terror took possession of their minds, and held it for about six months. The " victims " pre-tended to see their tormentors with their " inner vision," and forthwith they would accuse some old or ill-favored woman of bewitching them. At length the " afflicted " and the accused be-came so numerous that no person was safe from suspicion and its consequences. During the prevalence of this terrible delusion, in the spring and summer of 1692, nineteen persons were hanged; one was killed by the horrible punishment of pressing to death; fifty-five were frightened or tortured into a confession of guilt; 150 were imprisoned, and fully 200 were named as worthy of arrest. Among those hanged was Rev. Mr. Burroughs, an exemplary clergyman, whose purity of character was conspicuous. Malice, rapacity, and re-venge often impelled perSons to accuse others who were innocent; and when some statement of the accused would move the court and audience in favor of the prisoner, the accuser would solemnly declare that he saw the devil standing beside his victim, whispering his touch-ing words in his or her ear. And the absurd statement would be believed by the judges on the bench. Some, terrified, and with the hope of saving their lives or avoid-ing the horrors of imprison-ment, would falsely accuse their friends and kinsfolk; while others, moved by the same instinct and hopes, would falsely confess them-selves witches. Neither age, sex, nor condition was spared. Finally Sir William Phipps (the governor of Massachu-setts, who had instituted the court for the trial of witches), his lieutenant, some near rel- tives of Cotton Mather, and learned and distin- guished men who had promoted the delusion by acquiescing in the proceedings against accused persons, became objects of suspicion. The gov- ernor's wife, Lady Phipps, one of the purest and best of women, was accused of being a witch. The sons of ex-Governor Bradstreet were com-pelled to flee to avoid the perils of false ac-cusations; near relatives of Mather were im-prisoned on similar charges. When the magnates in church and state found themselves in' danger, they suspected they had been acting unrighteously toward others, and cautiously expressed doubts of the pone/ of 