12 LIBERTY be considered perfectly proper, legitimate. and right. They are forbidden On this day only because this day is regarded by a large number of people as a religious institution, Š as a Sabbath, or day of rest and wor-ship. Were it not for this no such law would ever be called for. Say what men will, in its origin, root, and nature the Sabbath institution is relig-ious. It was made by God in the begin-ning, and is adapted to man's physical, in-tellectual, and spiritual nature and needs. It can not be dissociated from religion. The same God who made it, made it as a me-morial of himself. It is to be remembered and kept in honor of him, because that in six days he made heaven and earth, and rested upon, blessed, and hallowed the sev- Ł enth day. The same divine command which requires men to keep it, commands them to keep it "holy." As well might men at-tempt to dissociate baptism or the Lord's supper from religion, as the Sabbath. In the very nature, order, and constitution of things, it is, and ever must be, religious. Moreover, it can never be preserved nor successfully maintained . upon any other ground. To eliminate this feature from it takes the very breath of life out of it, and leaves it a mere husk and empty shell. A prominent Sunday-law advocate, Mr. W. F. Crafts, has himself said, " Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." For the church to ask the state to com- pel men to rest or cease from their ordinary business on the day which they call the Sabbath, and say it will supply them with religion, is for it to ask help from the state for the furtherance of its ends, and is Š c4 Veritable Union of Church and State And now, as in the early centuries when church and state were first united. the real object on the part of the church in asking for Sunday laws is to secure church attendance. This was plainly stated by a prominent Western clergyman a few years ago, who said: Š Give us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will he attracted to the  divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legislatures, and municipal councils, all legislation es-sential to this splendid result.Š Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D., in Homiletic Review, No-vember, 1892. All the talk about the necessity of a law to provide a day of rest for the laboring man, and " the right of rest for each " de-manding " a law of rest for all," is disin-genuous, and quite beside the real question at issue in Sunday legislation. Where labor is not compulsory, rest can not be denied. Men can take‚it if they will. They do not need a law compelling others to rest when they rest. There are thousands in this coun-try who regularly observe Saturday, the seventh day, as a day of rest and worship, without any law compelling others to rest on that day. Neither do they ask for such a law. They simply observe the clay when it comes; and they live and support their families, too. They do not starve. Every one who desires to observe Sunday can do the same. Neither the title nor the text of the pro-posed measure says a word about em-ployees, or about providing rest for employees. It makes, not work, nor em-ployment of labor, on Sunday a crime, but the carrying on of business and trade on that day,Š selling or offering for sale of any groceries, meats, vegetables, or other provisions. It even permits goods sold " prior to Sunday " to be delivered up till ten o'clock in the forenoon on Sunday dur-ing certain months of the year. And why ten o'clock? Why not eleven or twelve o'clock? The time for church attend-ance is doubtless intended to be guarded by the limit here prescribed. In this again is shown the religious character of the measure. It should be noticed also that the act does not provide for the cessation of business simply on " one day in the week." It says that the business specified must cease on a particular day of the week. A merchant might close his shop regularly on any other day of the week ; but this would avail him nothing. He would still he amenable to 