LIBERTY OAK, BOSTON LIBERTY 141 Nothing is so effectual as the liberty of the press, by which all the learning, wit, and the genius of the nation may be employed on the side of freedom, and every one be animated to its defense. As long, therefore, as the republican part of our government can maintain itself against the monarchical, it will naturally be careful to keep the press open, as of importance to its own preservation.Š Hume. with the purpose of wrecking the build-ing, but were assured that he was not there. They attacked the residence of Dr. Herbert E. Wales, breaking windows and wrecking expensive furniture. Also the residence of Alderman Hoyt was vis-ited. During this time Dr. Leyden was under guard in the aldermen's room in the city hall, until the police were able to get him away in safety. The militia was or- dered to charge the crowd which was scat-tered about the city hall, demanding that Leyden be brought out. This the militia did with fixed bayonets, and the crowd re-treated. Leyden escaped from the hall by the rear door, and went by au-tomobile to Newbury-port, where he passed the night, returning to his home the next day. The Globe gives an in- teresting detail as to City Marshal Mack's attitude. We quote : Š " City Marshal John E. Mack delivered his ultimatum to Leyden before he left town, to the effect that he should not try again to con-tinue his twice-interrupted lecture; that he must leave the city and remain outside of Haverhill. If he reappears, the marshal will have him arrested, charged with inciting to riot." The local militia, which had been called out to aid the police, then retired, and no arrests were made. To end the disgrace, an effigy labeled " Free Speech " was pub- licly burned in front of the hall while the crowd marched, sang, and shouted. After this, the mob gradually dispersed. There are several things in this riot which should make lovers of freedom of speech take notice : first, the hostile atti-tude of the mayor of the town, who did not wish a discussion of a perfectly legit-imate subjectŠwhether public funds should be used for sectarian edu- cation ; second, the scarcely concealed hos-tility of the police de partment, the police-men, instead of giving their energies entirely to the task of protect-ing the lecturer in his unquestionable right to deliver the lecture, hin-dering the giving of the lecture; third, the threat of the city mar-shal that if Dr. Leyden should ever again re-turn to try to give his interrupted lecture, he would be arrested ; and last, this public burning of an effigy la-beled " Free Speech," which act indicated a public repudiation by the crowd of the Constitutionally granted right of free speech. It is alarming that such occurrences as this are becoming frequent. They spring from deep religious antagonism and prej-udice. If this condition is to continue, where then is our boasted right of free-dom of speech guaranteed us by the First Amendment to the Constitution? Many politicians of our time are in the habit of laying it down as a self-evident proposition that no people ought to be free till they are fit to use their freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story, who resolved not to go into the water till he had learned to swim. If men are to wait for liberty till they become wise and good in slavery, they may indeed wait forever.Š Macaulay. 