Third World Christian Citizenship Conference By Our Own Correspondent THE preliminary assembly of the Third World Christian Citizenship Conference was held in the First United Presbyterian church of the North Side, Pittsburgh, Pa., from June 23-27, 1918. In reality it was a conference of the National Reform Association, the headquarters of which are in Pittsburgh. The reports of the conference are being printed in the Christian Statesman, the organ of the same association, and the funds which were raised during the con-ference were secured for its benefit. As most of our readers know, the ob-ject of the National Reform Association is to make Christ king of this world by political action. Their theory is that he reigns through his representatives, which they claim to be. In other words, the National Reform Association wants the church add state united, with the church supreme over the state. Concretely stated, the National Reform Association wants to rule the world as Christ's vice-gerent. Their avowed purpose is " to secure such an amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States as will de-clare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an un-deniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land."Š Article 2 of National Reform Constitution. The Christian Statesman, in giving the reasons why such an amendment to the Constitution is desired on the part of the National Reform Association, said : " We need it to correct our most unfortunate attitude under the First Amendment, which restrains Congress from prohibiting the free exercise of any false religion. Our remedy for all In  these malefic influences is to have the Government set up the moral la,w, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." We desire to remind the National Re-formers that their scheme to enforce the ' true " religion and prohibit the " false," is not new. But any religious movement which aims to overthrow the Federal guaranties of religious freedom and the bulwarks that separate the church and state, is a dangerous organization. The demand to enforce religious institutions by the au-hority and power of the civil magistrates harks back to the Dark Ages. It seems strange that supposedly Christian or-ganizations of modern times should still clamor for an enforcement of religion by civil statutes. One of the speakers at this convention said that the United States was to become the great leader of all nations in reform legislation. Said he, " If only our nation could take what this National Reform Association has been preaching for all these years,Š the law of our Christ as the law of its national being,Š it has the opportunity after this war, and within one generation of the fleeting life of man, to establish an example which all the war-wearied nations of the world would be glad to follow." If our nation should incorporate into civil law and enforce upon every citizen " what this National Reform Association has been preaching for all these years," we should have a revival of persecution that would rival the bloodiest days of the Inquisition. The Christian Statesman (May 21, 1888) said that those who did not agree with it should be banished " to some wild, desolate land." where. if they 