62 LIBERTY a a 4smmusissommummusismussmimussissusissimmimmiiiiiiium ttttt THE Sunday-law advocates are exceedingly active everywhere, these days. A SUNDAY-CLOSING agitation has been pro-voked by the preachers at Redondo Beach, Calif. A groceryman has been arrested and is to stand trial. The people of Redondo Beach are taking steps to invoke the referendum on the Sunday-closing ordinance. Ł tV THE proposed new sedition law which was so vigorously attacked by public sentiment is quietly resting on the Congressional docket. Congressmen are of the opinion that it will not see the light of day again during the present session. The hysteria for such drastic legis-lation is subsiding, and everybody can breathe a little freer. tV IV tS MANY of the churches are sending in pro-tests against the request of Internal Revenue Commissioner Roper for the co-operation of church members and ministers in detecting vio-laters of the national prohibition law. They regard such co-operation as an unwarranted " church and state combination." We wish these same churches could see as clearly upon the subject of Sunday legislation and enforce-ment. Ł tV ANOTHER Lord's day bill was introduced into Congress in the House of Representatives on Friday, February 13, known as H. R. 12504, entitled, " A Bill to Protect the Lord's Day." The Pastors' Federation of Washington framed the bill. It prohibits everything on Sunday except " works of necessity and charity," also all forms of amusement and recreation. It is strictly a Sunday blue law. Write your repre-sentative in Congress and state the reasons why you are opposed to the enactment of a religious law. See the discussion of this bill elsewhere in this magazine. t.V Sif MAYOR CAMPBELL, of Huntington, W. Va., has given his city an unenviable reputation by enforcing the Sunday blue laws to the letter. The public have held mass meetings in opposi-tion to the Sunday-law crusade, and business men are warning traveling men and manufac-turers to shun Huntington on Sundays. But Mayor Campbell's Scotch Presbyterian notions of how Sunday ought to be observed, refuse to make a compromise. He assumes to have the sole right to interpret the Sunday law as to what is unnecessary on Sunday. THE General Staff of the United States Army has just issued a leaflet on " Education, Rec-reation, and Character Building in the United States Army," in which the following significant statement is made respecting the relation of religion to army life: " Religion as an essential to life is recognized, and provision is made for the religious needs of the army personnel. It is believed that each citizen of our nation is free to establish his relationship to God according to the dictates of his conscience, and each officer and soldier is given an opportunity to follow the faith of his choice. Respect and encouragement for religion are held as important obligations of an officer's position of leadership. The army believes that the soundest morality and the highest character are those developed by the individual himself in response to his own incentives." This being true, an army officer should never set up his own conscience on religious questions as the standard for his soldiers, nor issue orders that contravene religious rights. Of OE !V When the Church Is Most Prosperous THE history of the Christian church shows clearly that in the truest sense it has been most prosperous when in no way connected with the political state. Our Lord about A. D. 31 sent his apostles forth in the face of a hostile world to proclaim the gospel in all the world, and yet only twenty-nine years later, namely, in A. D. 60, Paul wrote to the Colossians exhorting them that they be " not moved away from the hope of the gospel which ye heard, which was preached in all creation under heaven." Never since Paul's day could such a testimony have been borne by anybody. Again, starting out in A. D. 31, with the world against them, the Christians saw paganism offi-cially abolished and the new religion dominant in the Roman Empire in only a little more than three hundred years, and this after centuries of the bitterest persecution that Satan ever devised until the advent of the Inquisition in the thir-teenth century. Persecution kept the church pure and spirit-ually prosperous; under governmental patron-age it became corrupt and a persecutor. It was the blood of the martyrs, not the patronage of emperors and kings that was the seed of the church. The church prospers not by the power of the state, but by the power of the Spirit of God. When the work of Peter and John was called in question over the healing of the impotent man at the gate of the temple, and the rulers forbade them to preach any more in the name of Jesus, the apostles could fearlessly reply. NEWS NOTES 