Ecclesiastical Domination Over Voters IN casting his vote upon any public question, every American citizen ought to be absolutely free from the dictation of any church or ecclesiastical body. Every violation of this principle is a step toward the overthrow of the republic, and it makes no difference what church is involved. In the Old World, where the union of church and state has prevailed for cen-turies, political affairs have often been dominated by representatives of the church; but it was the intention of the makers of this nation to introduce " a new order of things." This intention has been realized in large degree, but of late there have been some flagrant instances of departure from the right principle. One such instance was in connection with the special election Sept. 3, 1912, in the State of Ohio, when the people voted on the various proposed amend-ments to the State constitution submitted by the constitutional convention. A bal-lot was sent out, " issued under auspices of the Catholic press and Catholic or-ganizations of Ohio," on which the an-swer of the voter to each proposed amendment was printed, the answer be-ing, of course, in harmony with the views of the Roman hierarchy. A significant feature of this ready-made ballot was that every man who received it was in-structed to vote " for license to traffic in intoxicating liquors." This is the Ro-man Catholic position on the liquor ques-tion, although there are a few who ad-vocate prohibition. Another case of the intrusion of the Roman Church into political affairs oc-curred in the State of Louisiana. In connection with the November election for national and State officials the voters were called upon to decide concerning certain proposed amendments to the State constitution. One of these amend- 12 ments was not acceptable to the Roman Catholic leaders, and to secure its defeat a circular letter was sent out giving ex- press instruction that it should be op-posed by Roman Catholics. This letter was printed in the Morning Star, the archbishop's official organ, of Oct. 26, 1912, and is reproduced from that paper in connection with this article. A clear and forcible comment upon this mingling of church and state was printed in the Presbyterian of the South (Nov. 27, 1912), from which we take this extract: Š No fair-minded person can object in the slightest degree to these distin- guished men's holding any view they please concerning any civic matter, or to the use by them of every possible means, as citizens, for determining the votes of those associated with them. There is se-rious objection, however, to the use by them of the machinery of the church, as such, for the determination of political or civic matters. The issuing and the authoritative reading of such a pastoral letter as that which they sent out un-questionably means to the great body of their adherents the favor or disfavor of the church, as such, and that to the aver-age Roman Catholic is everything. . . . It is therefore a most serious meddling in the affairs of the state, and as such should be resented by every free citizen. . . . A few more such acts, if they be allowed to pass unprotested, and the hierarchy, not the people under it, but those used to accomplish its ends, will resort to the same priestly and eccle-siastical means of securing whatever else of a civic or political nature it may de-sire. The menace is too great to be al-lowed to pass unnoticed. And we do not hesitate to say that any other religious denomination, whether Protestant or Ro-man Catholic, attempting to use the same methods and invoking the church's ma-chinery to accomplish its ends in civic or political matters, will be equally repre-hensible. This circular letter called out a vigor- 