LIBERTY State Sunday law since the twenty-first of last September. Significant Utterances But the enactment of such a law by Congress will be the signal for perse-cution. For years the National Reform-ers have published to the world the fol-lowing utterances : Ñ " Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recog-nize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it."ÑRev. M. A. Gault. " Those who oppose this work now will discover, when the religious amend-ment is made to the Constitution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the ma-jority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congenial clime."ÑDr. David McAllister. " We propose to incorporate in our na-tional Constitution the moral and relig-ious command, ' In it [the Sabbath] thou shalt do no work,' except the works of necessity, and by external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law."Ñ M. A. Gault. " Give all men to understand that this is a Christian nation."Ñ Christian Statesman. " Let those who will, remember the Sabbath to keep it holy from motives of love and obedience ; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We have no option."Ñ Christian Nation. You are doubtless well aware that there is a controversy on as to which day is the Sabbath, the seventh or the first. For the national government to enact a Sunday law, therefore, will mean for it to take sides in, and settle, a relig-ious controversy. It can not do so with-out showing preference between the sects. In a Memorial to the General Assembly of Virginia, in 1776, protest-ing against the establishment by law of the Episcopal religion in that colony, the Presbytery of Hanover said : Ñ " Certain it is, that every argument  for civil liberty, gains additional strength when applied to liberty in the concerns of religion ; and there is no argument in favor of establishing the Christian relig-ion, but what may be pleaded, with equal propriety for establishing the tenets of Mahommed by those who believe the Alcoran ; or, if this be not true, it is at least impossible for the magistrate to ad-judge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith, without erecting a chair of infal-libility, which would lead us back to the church of Rome." What right, therefore, we ask, has a State or a nation to establish any day as the Sabbath, and command men to ob-serve it under pains and penalties of law ? Including Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, and Seventh-day Adventists, there are something like two millions of people in the United States who observe, or be-lieve in observing, the seventh day. What right have the States or has the Nation to say that these millions shall observe Sunday? What right has any man to say to another man that he must observe Sunday ? Every man has a right to observe Sunday or any other day he chooses ; but what right has he to com-pel another man to observe it? Abra-ham Lincoln said : " When the white man governs himself, that is self-govern-ment ; but when he governs himself, and also another man, that is more than self-government Ñ that is despotism." So we say, that when a man chooses his own religion and his own day of rest, that is religious liberty ; but when he chooses these for himself and also for another man, that is more than religious liberty Ñ that is religious despotism. If it is desired that a simply civil holi-day should be made of Sunday, no law, with fines and penalties, is needed ; a mere proclamation appointing the day as such will do, as in the case of Christ-mas, Thanksgiving day, Memorial day, and the Fourth of July. If one day in seven for physical rest merely is all that is wanted, this 