LIBERTY 101 submit that the safety of this or any other land governed by the people will be maintained by strict adherence to die principles contained therein. The signers of this document justified the separation from Great Britain on the ground that freedom was a gift from God. They wrote their belief in the statement, " All men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights." The Decla-ration, therefore, stands for inalienable rights, thus recognizing the fact that man has a relationship with God which can not be disturbed nor interfered with in the slightest degree. An interesting evidence of the deep conviction that rested upon the signers of the Declaration of Independence in re-gard to the importance of its principles, is given in the following : Š In the year 1826, after all save one of the band of patriots whose signatures appear on the Declaration of Independ-ence, had descended to the tomb, and only the venerable Carroll remained among the living, the government of the city of New York deputed a committee to wait on the illustrious survivor and obtain from him, for deposit in the public hall of the city, a copy of the Declaration of 1776, graced and authenticated anew with his sign manual. The aged patriot yielded to the request, and affixed with his own hand, to a copy of that instru-ment, the grateful, solemn, and pious supplemental declaration, which fol-lows : Š " Grateful to Almighty God for the blessings which, through Jesus Christ our Lord, he has conferred on our beloved country, in her emancipation, and on my-self in permitting me, under circum-stances of mercy, to live to the age of tighty-nine years, and to survive the fif-tieth year of American independence and certify by my present signature my ap-probation of the Declaration of Inde-pendence adopted by Congress the Ł fourth day of July. 1776, which I origi-nally subscribed on the second day of August of the same year. and of .which I am now the last signer ; I do hereby recommend to the present and future generations the principles of that impor-tant document as the best earthly in-heritance their ancestors could bequeath to them, and pray that the civil and relig-ious liberties they have secured to my country may be perpetuated to remotest posterity and extended to the whole fam-ily of man." 1  However, since those days of patriotic fortitude, a new doctrine has been as-serted by so-called National Reformers, in which it is maintained that in relig-ious matters " the greatest good to the greatest number " should be the law of the land. To follow this rule in the matter of religion, or in the duty that we owe our Creator, would be a manifest interference with man's individ-ual relationship to his Creator. It has been well said that a human soul is of greater value than a human government, for the reason that God made the man, and has planned for his salvation ; but man made the government, the nation ; and we are told in the Scriptures that all the nations will be destroyed, and give place to the everlasting kingdom. The National Reform idea is that the state should resolve itself to be a Christian nation. But can there be such a thing as a nation having religious views, hav-ing a soul to save, having the promise of eternal salvation and everlasting life? The proposition is absurd on its face. But if the views of the National Re-formers shall be carried into effect by incorporating them into the legislation of this country, then will the Declaration of Independence fail of the purpose for which it was adopted. The doctrine of inalienable rights is a Christian doctrine. It was the main plank in the Protestant platform of the sixteenth century. The Reformation proclaimed the doctrine of justification by faith, which asserted man's right to think for himself, his right to act for himself, in his relation to God, independently of any priest, king, or ruler of any kind. " Handbook of U. S. Political History," by Malcomb Townsend, page 73. 