SHALL THE FLAG BECOME THE SYMBOL OF By OPPRESSION? Milton C. Wilcox THIS question is suggested by the action of the city council in Globe, Ariz. April 12 that city passed an ordinance that an American flag must fly from every business house, store front, and vehicle in that city. The pen-alty for the first offense is $2oo or two hundred days in jail, and for the second offense business concerns will lose their city license. Now, what good will be accomplished by such a law? It is a well-known fact that a thing we respect or revere, if made too common, loses its peculiar power or sacredness. There are many Americans who feel like doffing their hat when they see the beautiful banner float-ing in the breeze; but it would be a prac-tical impossibility for a man to do that under such an ordinance, unless he went bareheaded all the time. Such a thing arouses enthusiasm for a few days, and then becomes common. It is just a bit of pretty color combination. It is a no-torious fact that there is less real piety and holiness in those lands where there are most sacred days and where religious paraphernalia is most ornate and abun-dant. It is a fact well known that in all re-ligious cults and under all governments there are hypocrites and traitors who cloak their designs by great outward de-votion and display. Every man in Globe who has a heart base enough to work against his government, it is safe to say, would fly flags from store, dwelling-house, and vehicle, and be loudest in his ostentations of patriotism in the open. Would flying the flag make such a man a patriot? The flag stands for certain principles. The Father of his Country designed the flag which Betsy Ross made, to symbol- ize those principles, the fundamental principles of primitive Americanism. Among these fundamentals are the equal-ity of birth, the right of free speech and a free press, the liberty to do or not to do, to worship or not to worship, so long as the citizen's course of conduct is not disloyal to the government, or does not interfere with the equal right of his fellows. Should that beautiful banner stand for the opposite of these princi-ples, enforced by a degenerate people, it would become the symbol of tyranny and oppression, and no longer worthy the respect of free men, unless in memory of what it had once stood for. There are men who were begotten, born, nursed, and nourished in the prin-ciples of Americanism. They have been true to those principles all their lives. They resent the demand that they must show by some prescribed act that they are still loyal to them. If such an ordinance as the Globe council passed would distinguish or draw clear lines between the true and the false, it might be defended, but this it cannot do. Rather it puts a premium upon buncombe and hypocrisy. Let America still be free. Let her citizens be free men and not legally man-ufactured hypocrites. They are made no better by shouting or flaunting their own praises. The most enthusiastic in dis-play are usually those who understand the principles the least, and under provo-cation are the first to curse the nation. The true American free man is himself an embodiment of the principles of free-dom, even though he is not draped in the national colors. Let us be sensible. Let Americans be permitted to do a few things from choice. Mountain View, Cal. 89 