LIBERTY 7 " Of the Seventh-day Baptist (or Sev-enth-day Adventist) church of Š." " Does membership in that society necessitate the keeping of the said sev-enth day of the week as a sabbath?" " It does." " What does the keeping of that day as a sabbath include ? " " It includes rest from the regular oc-cupation of the week and such religious exercises as prayer and attendance upon divine worship." " You claim to have refrained from labor upon the seventh day of the week ; now did you or did you not perform such religious duties as offering prayer and attending divine worship upon that day. " " I did, your honor." " Case dismissed. What is the next case on the docket? " The next case proves to be the case of John Jones, who also has been arrested for Sunday labor. All his answers to the judicial inquisition are satisfactory save his answer to the question as to whether he had kept the day as a sab-bath. It was found that he had gone with his horse and carriage for a short drive in the country, though he had transacted no business upon that day. The judge rules that this is out of har-mony with the customary manner of ob-servance of the day by the members of the society to which he belongs, and he is judged guilty of sabbath desecration, and punished accordingly. The next case is that of a farmer who keeps the seventh day, is a religious man, but his name is found on no church-book, as he is the only keeper of the sev-enth day living in his community. He is promptly judged guilty of breaking the law, as the law specifies that he must be a member of a society which observes another day than Sunday, if he is to es-cape the penalty inflicted upon those who labor upon that day. This is no overdrawn statement of the case, as the judge has it in his power to make just such rulings, if the Johnston bill for the better observance of Sunday becomes a law. More than that, he will be required to ask just such or similar questions in order to determine whether a man arrested for Sunday labor is en-titled to the exemption provided in the proposed law. Upon the answer to the question, " Have you kept sabbath ? " will depend the prisoner's fate in all such cases. The judge is made a religous in-quisitor, and a man's religious practise is made a test of his amenability to the law. A law which requires such an institu-tion, such an establishment, such a dis-tinction between classes, such a mingling of the sacred and the secular, is both un-American and unchristian. The govern-ment has no right to require the keeping of a sabbath Š that is the prerogative of the Creator himself. It has no right to inquire whether a sabbath has been kept Š that also is the divine prerogative. Only the false theocracy of the Dark Ages has attempted to enter that field, and the martyrdoms of that period make eloquent protest against the establishment in America of an image of that insti-tution. Freethinkers and Intolerance IT is one of the boasts of infidelity that the world is indebted to it for the free-dom of mind and of practise in religious things which is enjoyed at the present time. The facts in the case and the evi-dence furnished by those making such a claim, both contradict the assertion. For instance, at a recent congress of free-thinkers held in Paris, resolutions were passed instructing the members of their party in the legislature to propose a law forbidding parents to have their children baptized or confirmed. The members of 