XIII POPE LEO " It is in no way lawful to demand, to defend, or to grant promiscuous freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of religion " Ł 051,- 92 LIBERTY ways been waged against the Church of Rome. As Lord Macaulay has said : Š Throughout Christendom, whatever ad-vances have been made in knowledge, in freedom, in wealth, and in the arts of life, have been made in spite of her [Rome], and have everywhere been in inverse propor-tion to her power. The hardiest and most fertile provinces of Europe have, under her rule, been sunk in poverty, in political servi-tude, and into intellectual torpor; while Protestant countries, once proverbial for sterility and barbarism, have been turned by skill and industry into flourishing gar-dens, and can boast of a long list of heroes, statesmen, philosophers, and poets. Printing, the greatest of all modern inventions, w a s discovered in 1423 by Laurence Coster, a Hol-lander, and could hardly be credited t o Catholicism. On the contrary a perpetual an-tagonism has ex-isted between ropes and print-ers. " We must destroy printing," said a Catholic vicar of England, or it will des-troy us." And, after denouncing t h e printers i n 1535, and burn-ing twenty of them within six months,Š one a woman, Š t h e Sorbonne (u n i - versity) of Paris, " the council of the papal fac-tion," obtained, in 1535, a decree from the king of France for the total suppression of printing. Lawrence also states that in France at that time " almost every eminent artisan or inventor was a Huguenot."Š" Historical Studies," page 249. It may also be asked how many inventors are being recruited at the  present time from the Latin masses still under the papal regime. Let the records of science answer the foregoing Catholic perversion of facts by pointing out Protestant lands as the most pro- ductive of modern inventions, thanks to the freedom of mind existing where the Reformation principles have prevailed. In all of these Catholic text-books the massacres of the Inquisition are ex-plained, excused, or " whitewashed." The students are also taught the princi-ples of the union of church and state, the undesirability of free speech and a free press, and many other anti-American d o c -trines, diametri-cally opposed to t h e Constitution and the spirit of our laws. For in-stance, on page 133 of " A Man-ual of Christian Doctrine," p u b - lished in Philadel-phia in 1909, by John Joseph Mc-Vey, are found several proposi-tions bearing di-rectly upon the union of church and state. Note the difference be-tween the prin-ciples therein set forth and the principles of the American nation as expressed in i t s fundamental law, the Constitu-tion : Š The Constitution Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.Š" First Amendment." Pope Leo XIII It is in no way lawful to demand, to de-fend, or to grant promiscuous freedom of 