14 (1064) LIBERTY pray God that he will have you in his holy keeping. " Written at Versailles, the ---- day of Š. [ Signed] Louis." Thus in the eyes of the French people, the Bastile came to be the emblem of despotism. Commenting upon its de-struction, Myers, the historian, says : Š " The destruction of the Bastile is in the French Revolution, what the burning of the papal bull by Luther was to the Through the Marquis de Lafayette, France sent to America the key of the de-molished Bastile, Thomas Paine being commissioned by the marquis to convey the trophy to General Washington. The following portions of the letter of presentation, written May 1; 179o, by Mr. Paine to General Washington, are of more than ordinary interest:Š"Sir:interest:  Our very good friend, the Marquis de Lafayette has entrusted to IIE LIBRARY OF WASH f NGION S IIOME This room contains, among other things, his surveyor's instrument and his old flint-lock . musket and powder-horn Reformation. It was the death-knell not only of the Bourbon despotism in France, but of royal tyranny everywhere. When the news reached England, the great statesman Fox, perceiving its significance for liberty, exclaimed, ' How much is this the greatest event that ever happened in the world and how much the best ! ' " Š" Medieval and Modern History," page 588. Thus the anniversary of the fall of the Bastile has become the national holi-day of France. And it is interesting to note that France herself soon made pub-lic avowal of her gratitude that such an event had been made possible through the influence of American principles.  my care the key of the Bastile, and a drawing handsomely framed, represent-ing the demolition of that detestable prison, as a present to your Excellency, of which this letter will more particularly inform. I feel myself happy in being the person through whom the marquis has conveyed this early trophy of the spoils of despotism, the FIRST RIPE FRUITS OF AMERICAN PRINCIPLES TRANSPLANTED INTO EUROPE, to his great master and patron. When he mentioned to me the present he intended, my heart leaped with Joy.... That THE PRINCIPLES OF AMER-ICA OPENED THE BASTILE is not to be doubted, and therefore the key comes to the right place." 