LIBERTY "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. Vol.. IX THIRD QUARTER, 1914 Religious Proclamations by the Nation's Executive A Hitherto Unpublished Essay by James Madison, Fourth President of the United States RELIGIOUS proclamations by the exec-utive recommending thanksgivings and fasts, are shoots from the same root with the legislative acts reviewed. Although recommendations only, they imply a religious agency, making no part of the trust delegated to political rulers. The objections to them are : Š I. That governments ought not to in-terpose in relation to those subject to their authority, but in cases where they can do it with effect. An advisory gov-ernment is a contradiction in terms. 2. The members of a government, as such, can in no sense be regarded as pos-sessing an advisory trust from their con-stituents in their religious capacities. They cannot form an ecclesiastical as-sembly, convocation, council, or synod, and as such issue decrees or injunctions addressed to the faith or the consciences of the people. In their individual ca-pacities, as distinct from their official station, they might unite in recommenda-tions of any sort whatever, in the same manner as any other individuals might do. But then their recommendations ought to express the true character from which they emanate. 3. They seem to imply and certainly ' Second installment of essay published in previous issue of LIBERTY. nourish the erroneous idea of a national religion. This idea just as it related to the Jewish nation under a theocracy, having been improperly adopted by so many nations which have embraced Christianity, is too apt to lurk in the bosoms even of Americans, who in gen-eral are aware of the distinction between religious and political societies. The idea also of a union of all who form one nation under one government in acts of devotion to the God of all, is an im-posing idea. But reason and the prin-ciples of the Christian religion require that if all the individuals composing a nation were of the same precise creed and wished to unite in a universal act of religion at the same time, the union ought to be effected through the inter-vention of their religious, not of their political representatives. In a nation composed of various sects, some alien-ated widely from others, and where no agreement could take place through the former, the interposition of the latter is doubly wrong. 4. The tendency of the practice is to narrow the recommendation to the stand-ard of the predominant sect. The first proclamation of General Washington, dated Jan. I, 1795, recommending a day of thanksgiving, embraced all who be- 101 