16 LIBERTY writer has wisely said : " Let the danger from the liquor traffic be made plain, and public sentiment be created that shall de-mand its prohibition. Let the drink-mad-dened men be given an opportunity to es-cape from their thraldom. Let the voice of the nation demand of its lawmakers that a stop be put to this infamous traffic." Earnest and untiring efforts should now be exerted to bring deliverance to those who are bound by the terrible foe which is a menace to society and the souls of men. " We ourselves must grapple with this giant foe, our motto, No compromise,' and no cessation of our efforts till victory is gained." How National Reformers Labor to Secure Sunday Legislation W. A. COLCORD FEW, doubtless, are aware of the lobby-ing done in Congress and state legislatures to secure the passage of Sunday laws. The following from the May, 19oz, num-ber of The Sabbath, the official organ of the American Sabbath Union, shows how the Sunday-closing provision to the five-million-dollar appropriation made by Con-gress to the Louisiana Purchase Exposi-tion, commonly called the St. Louis Exposition, was secured : ŠŁ "The latter part of February, 1900, Dr. Wilbur Crafts, of the Reform Bureau, Washington, D. C., sent a telegram to the general secretary [of the American Sab-bath Union, Dr. I. W. Hathaway], calling him to Washington to aid in securing an amendment of the bill appropriating five million dollars to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. " February 22 this bill passed the House of Representatives without any Sunday condition. When it came to the Senate, Senator Teller consented to move the fol-lowing amendment :Š " ' As a condition precedent to the pay-ment of this appropriation, the directors shall contract to close the gates to visitors on Sundays during the whole duration of the fair.' " We were assured by several senators that it was useless, and that such amend-ment would not pass, but.  after several days of unceasing effort on the part of Drs. Crafts and Hathaway, this bill, with this amendment, was passed by the Senate." And the following from the August, 1906, number of the Christian Statesman, shows how the Sunday-closing provision to the two-hundred-and-fifty-thousand-dollar a p - propriation made by Congress last June for the encouragement of the Jamestown Ex-position, to be held next year, was likewise secured: Š " On Monday, June 25, there was held in Philadelphia a meeting of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association. At this meeting it was strongly urged that Dr. T. T. Mutch-ler, the 'corresponding secretary of the Association and of the Pennsylvania Sab-bath Association, shall visit Washington again to make sure that there should be no failure at the last moment of the assurances already given that the appropriation in favor of the Jamestown Exposition should he conditioned on the closing of the grounds on the Lord's day. Dr. Mutchler reached Washington early the following day, and found to his astonishment that the bill had already passed the second reading in. both the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, an identical bill having been intro-duced in each house, and that it contained no such provision as he had been assured on a former visit it would contain. Not more than three full days of the session remained.' Only the most resolute and strenuous endeavors could secure the de-sired action at so late a day. With the help of some good men in each house, the nec-essary provision was at the last moment embodied in the bill, and passed both the Senate and the House of Representatives unanimously.2  It reads as follows: ' Pro-vided, That as a condition precedent to the payment of this appropriation in aid of said exposition, the Jamestown Exposition Company shall agree to close the grounds of said exposition to visitors on Sunday (luring the period of said exposition.' " " Thus we have another impressive ex-ample of the necessity for unrelaxing vig-ilance and persistence in the effort to secure even the most righteous legislation at the hands of our lawmakers. We have a les-son, too, as to the value of organization of the friends of the right. Dr. Mutchler's most effective argument in all his inter-views was the fact that so many States have now Sabbath Reform Societies within their bounds, that more than half the coun- Congress closed June 30, Too6 4 Passed lune 2g. igo6. 