LIBERTY were making of their pupils not loyal French citizens, but young royalists and antirepublicans. This is proved by the words of one Hilda Millet, a writer for the Boston Transcript,Š a Catholic who had herself been a pupil in one of these schools. She writes : Š What were the children taught in the convents and monasteries? What was the feeling which surrounded hundreds of the coming generation of France at the very age when they were most impressionable? That feeling was strongly royalist. In the convent where I was at school, and which I have found to be no exception to the general rule, the republic was positively reviled. We were told that it was a pun-ishment sent by God Š and that in due time the kings of France would rule once more. Little things often show conditions more clearly than big ones. The national holiday in France is July 14, the day when during the French Revolution the Bastile was de-molished and the republic was born. Gov-ernment schools and buildings are closed, and it corresponds very nearly to our fourth of July. No mention of it was made at the convent, our lessons went on as usual, and Anne de Gabriac, who sat next me, showed me the day marked out in black ink on her calendar. No country can prosper with such a condition of things. Another reason which necessitated a change was the incompetent instruction in schools kept by the religious orders. The teachers were not obliged to pass any ex-aminations, and the result was that their standard of education fell far below that of the public schools kept by the government. The girls in my school, which was consid-ered the best in Touraine, learned religion, sewing, and the literature, geography, and history of France. Outside of France they were absolutely ignorant, and one of the educated nuns thought that Americans had a language of their own, quite different from English. In the words of M. Georges Clemen-ceau, the late premier of France, there was presented to every lover of liberty the spectacle of " the church trying to forestall and to monopolize public in-struction," and " the Roman cardinals taking their place in public ceremonies before ministers of the French republic, in order to show the inferiority of civil power." See the Cosmopolitan for No-vember, 1905. Similar Conditions in America With the same religious orders in charge of the parochial schools of the Catholic Church in America, using the same methods and text-books, conditions similar to those in France naturally pre-vail. Let us take a brief look into the text-books used in these schools in our own land. In the great majority of the catechisms, histories, and even the geog-raphies will be found almost numberless adaptations and even perversions of the truths of history, to say nothing of doc-trinal errors, with which the present ar-ticle is not concerned. In all of them the noble heroes of the great Reforma-tion of the sixteenth century Š Wyclif, Huss, Jerome of Prague, Luther, and others Š are branded as apostates, lib-ertines, or outlaws. These " memorable men," to use a phrase of Eugene Law-rence, the historian of the Papacy, " who have lived and died for religion and knowledge," these " heroes who died that men might be free," are daily held up to the ridicule of thousands of Amer-ican children, and their achievements for the human race are misrepresented and pointed at with scorn. (See "Historical Studies," by Eugene Lawrence, Harper and Brothers, New York, 1876, for valu-able sidelights.) Can it be possible that such education is developing in these thousands of children a spirit of devo-tion to American liberty, the product of the Protestant founders of our govern-ment ? To illustrate : one of the many Cath-olic text-books is " A Doctrinal Cate-chism," by Rev. Stephen Keenan, bear-ing the imprimatur of John Cardinal McCloskey, archbishop of New York, and published in 1899 by P. J. Kenedy, publisher to the Holy Apostolic See." In chapter 1, page 17, of this work, Martin Luther is called " an immoral character Š an apostate, a wholesale vow-breaker," and " a sacrilegious se-ducer." This is a book of 395 pages. Another text-book of the Roman Church is " A Catechism of Persever-ance," by Abbe Gaume, translated from the French by Rev. F. B. Jamison, and published in a fiftieth and enlarged edi-tion by Thomas B. Noonan & Co. It is approved by four Catholic bishops, and 