138 LIBERTY into the mails, founded on the sentiments of the paper and making a deputy post-master a judge, is expressly unconsti-tutional." Our statesmen of that time, at least most of them, realized that there was a principle at stake in this kind of legisla-tion. The integrity of the Constitution was in question. Mr. Calhoun declared that it was a matter of more importance than the " Presidential or any party ques-tion." Though Mr. Calhoun was in-terested in the maintenance of Negro slavery, yet he stated that the bill was " clearly unconstitutional," and that it " would be directly abridging the liberty of the press for Congress to pass such laws as the President recommended." To the question of Senator Buchanan of Pennsylvania as to whether the post-office power had not given to Congress the right to determine what should be carried in the mails, another Senator re-plied : " It would be claiming on the part of the government a monopoly and ex-clusive right either to Send such papers as it pleased or to deny the privilege of sending them through the mail. Once establish the precedent, and where will it lead to? The government may take it into its head to prohibit the transmis-sion of political, religious, or even moral philosophical publications, in which it might fancy there was something offen-sive, and under this reserved right, con-tended for in this report, it would be the duty of the government to carry it into effect." To the honor of the Senate, the bill proposed was defeated. And from that time to the present year no other meas-ure of like character has been before our national lawmakers. But the month of January, 1915, saw three bills introduced into Congress by members of a certain religious body with the avowed purpose of protecting their religion from attack. If the plans and purposes of those behind these measures (which it is said are to be urged again before the 64th Con-gress) are fully carried out, the freedom of the press will be a thing of the past. It is to be hoped that our Congressmen  today will be as loyal to the Constitu-tional principles of liberty as were those of Webster's day, so that, even though the President of the United States should recommend the abridging of the freedom of the press to secure " harmony and peace," they will still defend the liberties of the American people against the at-tacks of any organization, whether reli-gious or political or both combined. Washington, D. C. IV OS IV The Distinction Between the Church and the State ARTHUR G. DANIELLS THE state is defined to be.: "A political body, or body politic; the whole body of people united under one government, whatever may be the form of the gov-ernment." Thus the state is not only a body of people, it is a body politic. Pol-itics are inseparably connected with the state, from the fact that it is a political body. That which is political pertains to pub-lic policy, to state affairs, to national measures. It " has to do with regula-tions and government of a nation, or state, the preservation of its safety, peace, and prosperity, and the defense of its existence." Politics belong to cit-izens as citizens. For this reason state governments are called civil governments. The word civil, used to designate earthly govern-ments, is expressive. It at once conveys to the mind the domain of the govern-ment. It is defined thus: " Civil: per-taining to a city or a state, or a citizen in his relations to his fellow citizens or the state." From these definitions it is obvious that the legitimate functions of the state are national, political, civil, and that these are designed to regulate the con-duct of citizens toward their fellow citi-zens. They have no reference whatever to religion, nor to the relation of men to their Creator. Political ethics are al-together outside the realm of the spir-itual. 