LIBERTY 33 keeping of Sunday. . . . The alliance does not wish to force people to go to church, but desires that every one shall be given an opportunity to do so if he wants to." This is certainly putting it in the mild-est manner possible, but withal, it clearly reveals that the movement is purely re-ligious, and not civil. How such a decla-ration as the above accords with t h e real aim of the alliance as ex-pressed in the con-stitution m a y be seen from the fol-lowing state-ments: Š " The object of the Lord's Day Al-liance of New-foundland shall be . . . more especially . . . (r) to secure the faithful a n d impartial enforce-ment of laws which are intended to procure for all classes the weekly day of rest; (2) to secure such amendments in leg-islation as may be necessary ade- THE  sort to the civil power as provided for in their constitution. Witness what has been done during the last two years in Canada, where a most rigorous law has been enacted, and is now being enforced through the influence of the Lord's Day Alliance. The movement, however, has evoked a lively protest on the part of some, and a thorough exposure of the wicked prin-c i p l e underlying it has been made through the press. This culminated in a large meeting on Sunday night, Oc-tober 4. This meeting was held in the largest hall in the city of St. John's. The at-tendance and suc-cess of the meet-ing exceeded the most sanguine ex-pectations of its promoters. Mr. K. C. Russell, chair-man of the Relig-ious Liberty Bureau of Wash-ington, D. C., had been invited to ad- OURTS, ST. JOHN'S, dress the meeting. NDLAND The frequent bursts of applause as the speaker showed the unchristian and un-Protestant char-acter of the Sunday agitation, and what its success meant in the way of subvert-ing religious liberty, plainly revealed that not all the people of Newfoundland are ready to barter away their birthright of liberties for the mess of pottage which is being held out to them. It is to be regretted that space does not permit of a more extended report of the address given by Mr. Russell, but the following are a few of the salient points made : The Bible plainly com-mands that every soul shall be subject to the higher powers " (civil govern NEW LAW C quately to protect NEWFOU the quiet and rest of the Lord's day." At a recent mass-meeting, held by the Lord's Day Alliance in St. John's, at which time Bishop Jones uttered his own personal disclaimer as already referred to, Rev. Dr. Levi Curtis, president of the alliance, and Rev. W. I. D. Dunn gave the movement away when they said that the alliance was " not seeking civil legislation Š at present." Of course not. The position may be expressed thus : We will get better Sunday observance by moral suasion, if we can ; by civil legis-lation, if we must. No one familiar with the movement elsewhere can for a mo-ment doubt that they will eventually re- 