94 !_If3E11T1'  Ł~  Editorial Brevities Ł 411MIN. As this number of LIBERTY goes to press, it is believed that the press censor-ship provision of the espionage bill has been abandoned by the administration, and that it will be heard of no more, at least for the present. It is to be hoped that this will prove to be the case, and also that the press will use wisely and patriotically the liberty now enjoyed, lest in the stress of foreign war it be swept away for all time. Mr. Jefferson told the whole truth when he said that the freedom of the press could not be limited without being lost. Republican government is on trial in this country as never before, even during the Civil War. Government by the people can endure only so long as the people them-selves, including the press, are truly self-governing. AS THE article by M. C. Wilcox, on page 89, is worthy of more than a cursory reading. All honor to the flag as a po-litical emblem, and to the sound political principles to which it was originally ded-icated, and for which it still stands ; but let not the standard of liberty become the symbol of oppression. Love of coun-try, like love of God, cannot be forced ; and while it is proper enough to forbid any misuse of the flag or any act or word expressive of contempt or disre-spect, it were worse than useless to com-pel a false profession of loyalty to, and of feigned love for, the flag. The man who does not love his country because of the liberty and protection it guaran-tees to him, and the flag because of the principles for which it stands, cannot be made to do so by law, though he may he made to play the political hypocrite, just as under religious laws men some-times play the religious hypocrite through fear of fine, imprisonment, .or death. Great profession of love for the flag does not necessarily mean great love for the principles for which the flag stands. Massachusetts Suspends Sunday Laws THE. Massachusetts Legislature re-cently passed an act which sets aside, during the war period, the laws of the old Bay State relative to gardening and farming on Sunday. All citizens are granted a special dispensation to labor on Sundays in their gardens and on their farms. Some of the conservative Puri-tan organizations for strict Sunday ob-servance offered a feeble resistance, but the legislature passed the measure al-most unanimously, and the governor signed it. The Connecticut Legislature passed a similar measure by an overwhelming majority, but the religious organizations besieged the governor, and he vetoed the bill, lest " the Sabbath might lose its sanctity." One governor granted a special dis-pensation to work on Sunday ; the other refused. It seems strange that men will attempt to mount God's throne and en-force or suspend his laws for him. The sooner they leave the divine throne and refuse to thus interpret God's laws for all mankind, the better it will be for the world, and especially for democracy in America. Massachusetts is just getting back to where Constantine the Great be-gan when he made his first Sunday law, in 321 A. D., a law which permitted agri-cultural labor. Better go back to the days of the first three centuries, when no labor was prohibited on Sunday by either God or man. ;-% A4 Granting Indulgences for Baseball A NUMBER of States and city munici-palities whose statutes prohibit Sunday baseball have decided to grant special indulgences to clubs to play on Sunday, provided the gate receipts are turned over to the Red Cross. This spirit of liberality toward a worthy object is com-mendable. The only parties who are ob-jecting to this action on the part of the state are a few who believe that it is the duty of the state to protect their religion. 