Ł LIBERTY 19 the end of government is answered. If this be not effectually done, government is an evil." To heed the clamor for a religious form of government will mean to re-pudiate the principles made memorable by the events surrounding July 4, 1776. Nashville, Tenn. Sunday Laws Advancing the Cause of Rome C. E. MILTON THE anticlerical party in Italy, while holding mass-meetings and carrying on an active newspaper campaign against the Roman Church, very often, through ignorance of the principles involved, serve the interests of the very power they are endeavoring to destroy. For example : the rigid Sunday laws that are enforced at present in Italy owe their existence almost wholly to the vig-orous efforts put forth by the Socialist party. Had it not been for the mass-meetings and strong agitation carried on by the Socialists, the movement for the enactment of Sunday. laws would have utterly failed. The present Sunday law is a national affair, having been enacted by the Italian Parliament. The writer heard a leading deputy of the Socialist party make an eloquent plea for stringent Sunday laws as a special favor to the laboring classes; and one of his statements, which elicited more applause than any other, referred to the need of co-operating with the par-ish priest to obtain the desired result. The Catholic Church was not slow to appreciate the advantage that would ac-crue to it by the enactment of laws that really favor its religion. Therefore when the law was before the parliament, the official organ of the Vatican came out very boldly on the subject of Sunday laws, and suggested that the church was in a position to give timely counsel as to what constitutes good Sunday laws, as she was the author of Sunday laws, and consequently an authority in all that per-tained thereto. The Sunday law in Italy is a stringent one. Father Phelan, editor of the West-ern Watchman, recently observed that, from what he saw in Naples, he felt certain it would do the Puritans of America good to see how tightly every-thing is closed up in Italy. This revolution on the subject of Sun-day closing in Italy has come about in a remarkably short time. When we came to Italy a few years ago, no one seemed to dream of Sunday laws or of closing the shops. In fact, the utter disregard for Sunday in Europe gave origin to the term " a Continental Sunday," signifying thereby a wide-open Sunday. But the Continental Sunday is fast disappearing, and the countries where Sunday observ-ance had become a byword are now be-coming the foremost champions of its cause. It is said that water returns to its source, and this seems to be true also of Sunday laws. The source of Sunday is Rome, and the world-wide movement in favor of Sunday laws will redound to the advantage of the mother of Sunday laws, who, upon her proud seat on the Tiber, watches with secret joy the ad-miration, respect, and love extended to her institutional offspring. It is well known that Rome and relig-ious liberty have never been on speaking terms, and consequently we must con-clude that the bosom child of Rome will never help the cause of liberty in Amer-ica or elsewhere. The parties that are fighting the papacy in Italy are woefully ignorant on the subject of religion, and consequently lack an element very essen-tial to their success. Rome is a thorough master in the world of politics, and so finds herself fighting on vantage-ground when contending in the political arena. Without a thorough knowledge of the Bible and a complete faith in it, the fight against Rome is always a losing game. Rome, Italy. " No man is in the minority when he is.right ; for God is on the side of right, and one with God is in the majority." 