LIBERTY 15 essary, and the Constitution is remodeled on that basis, it must establish one re-ligion, and force all others into compli-ance with that one. But that would be only the colonial hierarchies over again on a national scale, or a reproduction of the Roman hierarchy under the name of Protestant. That would outlaw con-science as truly as it was ever outlawed in either the Old World or the New. Declarations of the Movement's Leaders That this is more than a mere deduc-tion from the premises is proved by the declarations of the very ones who are seeking to bring about the change. Said Prof. C. A. Blanchard, one of the vice-presidents of the association : Š Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures. So Con-gress must establish a standard of relig-ion, or admit anything called religion. There can be no question about this meaning the establishment of religion. Rev. M. A. Gault, another vice-president, made this declaration : Š Our remedy for all these malific influ-ences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it. Said one of the presidents of the or-ganization, Rev. Dr. David McAlister : Š Those who oppose this work now will discover, when the religious amendment is made to the Constitution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congenial clime. It Means a Revocation of Religious Liberty Religious oppression is written large in all these declarations ; but these are only a few of what might be given to show the oppressive and dangerous program which this association and its allies have marked out for accomplishment. Such a program is utterly at variance with the ideas of liberty and equality handed down to us by the founders of the nation. It has  been said that religious oppression never would come again in this country, and that such a program never could be car-ried out here. And yet, while this was being said, men were being arrested, fined, and imprisoned in this country for doing what it was supposed the Consti-tution guaranteed them the right to do ; that is, to worship God according to the dictates of conscience, and having done so, to be as free as other men, and to exercise the rights guaranteed to other men. For instance, during the past twenty-two years, no less than one hundred thirty moral, God-fearing Christian men have been arrested, fined, and imprisoned, and in some instances compelled to work in the chain-gang because, after resting and worshiping on the day which they be-lieved God set apart for that purpose, they exercised that other right common to men Š the right to labor on the other six days of the week. These were Christian men, made criminals by an unjust law. What the Logic of the Movement Involves Those who make Sunday laws, those who enforce them, and those who urge the enactment of any kind of religious laws, ought to consider the fact that if the state or the nation can make a law to compel men to keep a sabbath, it can make laws covering every other religious ordinance, and enforce such laws by fines, imprisonments, and otherwise. The laws to enforce a sabbath upon the people are only entering wedges to that more com-plete union of church and state which will turn all the requirements of the church into statutory law, and enforce them " by external force of sheriffs." When that time comes, the religious liberties of the people will be no more. Winning Powerful Allies This movement for destroying the guaranties of our liberties in this partic- ular has far outgrown the body in which 