LIBERTY  29 Protestants in movement for " proper Sunday observance." 18. 1890 (Jan. 6) Ñ Breckenridge District Sunday bill introduced. 19. 1892 (Feb. 29) Ñ The dictum of the Supreme Court of the United States that " this is a Christian nation." 20. 1892 ( July) Ñ Congress decides for Sunday and against the seventh-day Sabbath in the matter of closing the Chicago World's Fair on Sunday. 21. 1900 (February) Ñ Congress con-ditioned the $5,000,000 appropriation to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition (the St. Louis Exposition of 19o3) upon Sunday closing " during the whole dura-tion of the fair." 22. 1904 (April 6) Ñ District Sun-day bill (H. R. 11819) passed the House of Representatives. 23. 1906 (May) Ñ Congress made the payment of its $250,000 appropriation to the Jamestown Exposition (of 1907) conditional upon the Jamestown Exposi-tion Company agreeing " to close the grounds of said Exposition to visitors on Sunday during the period of said Expo-sition." 24. 1906 (June 1) ÑWadsworth Dis-trict Sunday bill (H. R. 16483) again passed the House of Representatives. 25. 1908 (Sept. 14) Ñ Mr. Samuel Gompers officially announced the Amer-ican Federation of Labor as in favor of Sunday rest, and as having " done as much, if not more, than any other or-ganized body of men and women to en-force the observance of the Sunday rest day." 26. 19o7-o8 Ñ Motto, " In God We Trust," removed from coins by order of President Roosevelt ; but ordered re-stored by Congress. 27. 1907-08 (Dec. 5 to May t) ÑTen Sunday bills introduced during the Six-tieth Congress, first session. 28. 1908 (May 15) Ñ Johnston Dis-trict Sunday bill (S. 3940) passed Sen-ate. It will be noticed that in nearly all these steps, Sunday observance plays an important part. An Interpretation of Present Movements MRS. E. G. WHITE SATAN'S policy in this final conflict with God's people is the same that he employed in the opening of the great con-troversy in heaven. He professed to be seeking to promote the stability of the divine government, while secretly bend-ing every effort to secure its overthrow. And the very work which he was thus endeavoring to accomplish, he charged upon the loyal angels. The same policy of deception has marked the history of the Roman Church. It has professed to act as the vicegerent of heaven, while seeking to exalt itself above God, and to change his law. Under the rule of Rome, those who suffered death for their fidelity to the gospel were denounced as evil-doers ; they were declared to be in league with Satan ; and every possible means was employed to cover them with reproach, to cause them to appear, in the eyes of the people, and even to them-selves, as the vilest of criminals. So it will be now. While Satan seeks to des-troy those who honor God's law, he will cause them to be accused as law-break-ers, as men who are dishonoring God, and bringing judgments upon the world. God never forces the will or the con-science ; but Satan's constant resort Ñto gain control of those whom he can not otherwise seduce Ñ is compulsion by cruelty. Through fear or force he en-deavors to rule the conscience, and to secure homage to himself. To accom-plish this, he works through both relig-ious and secular authorities, moving them to the enforcement of human laws in defiance of the law of God. Those who honor the Bible Sabbath will be denounced as enemies of law and order, as breaking down the moral re-straints of society, causing anarchy and corruption, and calling down the judg-ments of God upon the earth. Their conscientious scruples will be pro-nounced obstinacy, stubbornness, and contempt of authority. They will be 