36 LIBERTY power for evil now than in the past. A legally established creed is a most mis-chievous thing, and not less so now than two centuries ago. A creed need not have many articles to be a creed. That of the Moham-medans contains only two articles : " There is one God, and Mohammed is his prophet." The creed of the National Reformers need not be any longer to pro-duce equally cruel results. Nor is it es-sential to a union of church and state that all who subscribe to the state-estab-lished creed shall train under one and the same ecclesiastical banner. The evil thing may be called " religion and the state," or " a Christian state," or by any other name meaning substantially the same thing, but its nature remains the same. It is not the name but the thing itself that is evil. A thistle would not become a rose even if it were solemnly declared to be one. Disease does not be-come health simply by denying its exist-ence. No more does " religion and the state " become a beneficent or even an innocuous thing merely because a few benevolently inclined gentlemen declare it to be harmless, or even useful. Eter-nal vigilance has not ceased to be the price of liberty. c. P. B. Abraham Lincoln on Liberty ABRAHAM LINCOLN'S portrait adorns the back cover page of this magazine. Washington and Lincoln are the two greatest men which the American Re-public has yet produced. Their birth-days have made the twenty-second and the twelfth of February days of grateful remembrance. Washington founded a government of the people, for the people, and by the people, and Lincoln preserved it. We are glad to hear Lincoln speak in behalf of the cause of human rights and liberty. He that is dead still speak-eth : Š Though I now sink out of view, I believe I have made some mark which will tell for the cause of liberty long after I am gone. The authors of the Declaration of Inde-pendence meant it to be a stumblingblock to  those who in after times might seek to turn a free people back into the paths of despotism. All the political sentiments I entertain I have drawn from the sentiments which originated in and were given to the world from this hall [Independence Hall]. I have never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of In-dependence. The great principle of the Decla-ration was that sentiment which gave liberty not alone to the people of this country, but, I hope, to all the world for all future time. It was that which gave promise that in due time the weights would be lifted from the shoul-ders of all men, and that all should have an equal chance. The cause of civil liberty must not be sur-rendered at the end of one or even one hun-dred defeats. In giving freedom to the slave we assure freedom to the free Š honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. When the conduct of men is designed to be influenced, persuasion, kind, unassuming per-suasion, should ever be adopted. It is not much in the nature of man to be driven to anything; still less to be driven about that which is exclusively his own business. If there is anything that it is the duty of the whole people never to intrust to any hands but their own, that thing is the preservation and perpetuity of their own liberties and institu-tions. I fear you do not fully comprehend the danger of abridging the liberties of the peo-ple. A government had better go to the very extreme of toleration than to do aught that could be construed into an interference with, or to jeopardize in any degree, the common rights of the citizen. When a . . . man governs himself, that is self-government. But when he governs him-self and also governs some other man, that is worse than self-government Š that is des-potism. What I do mean to say is that no man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. In my present position I could scarcely be justified were I to omit raising a warning voice against this approach of returning des-potism. These words from the lips of Lincoln are just as applicable today as they were when he first uttered them. A warning voice needs to be raised against those who are desirous of ruling the con-sciences of other people on religious mat-ters. Such are religious tyrants in heart, and would be in fact if they had the power. May God raise up another Lin-coln to stay the oppressor's hand. C. S. L. 