64 LIBERTY lications of that kind, or any other publication of that character. But, sir, we would not be willing to secure that result by legislation that would strike at the root of one of the greatest and most important principles in our country; namely, the liberty of speech and liberty of the press. It would be too great a price to pay for such a result. I remember that a very illustrious member of the British Parliament, in discussing a certain bill in favor of temperance in some shape Š I do not know exactly what Š uttered this sen-tence: "I would rather see England free than England sober." And so we would rather see  of the United States declares that Congress can pass no law in limitation of the freedom of speech or of the press. Both these bills that are now under consideration are of that character. That cannot be denied; it has not been denied by the gentlemen who have de-fended those bills here this morning. . . . Dangerous Legislation Now, sir, we are opposed to these bills also because they are really revolutionary in their character. They are contrary to the spirit of our institutions in that they propose to put into the hands of one man, a government of- REV. RANDOLPH H. MC KIM, WASHINGTON, D. C. the press of the United States free than to see it clean, if we had to make it clean by assaulting the liberty of the press, which is one of the fundamental principles of our land, and one of the most important of all the things to guard our liberties. Then, sir, we are opposed to this bill be-cause it is unnecessary. It has already been said in conversations that have taken place around this table that there is already legis-lation on the statute books under which an individual or an association which feels itself aggrieved or libeled can appeal to the courts and obtain redress. Therefore, we hold that this legislation is unnecessary. Then we are opposed to the bill further be-cause it is unconstitutional. The Constitution REV. GILBERT F. WILLIAMS, WASHINGTON, D. C. ficial, and that official not elected by the peo-ple of the United States, and not responsible to them directly, to put into his hands the ab-solute power of deciding whether or not a particular individual or a particular organiza-tion or association is publishing anything as a libel under this law. We feel that such a power as that is a tyrannical power and that it has the tendency to make of the Postmas-ter-General a czar. It is a power that not even the President of the United States ought to be intrusted with. We are opposed to this proposed legislation on that ground. We re-gard that as a very serious matter indeed. One of these bills goes so far as to say that if such a publication is or is represented to be casting a reflection upon any form of re- 