1,404MŁ1Ł0.=Ł14)1ŁŁ04...0.1.0.1.4.11/111.ﬂ,.Ł=1.11.4MM.04M.O.M....M....101.1M04=1.4M1.04M.M.1ŁŁŁŁ1=Ł.ŁŁŁ0ﬂ,41.114+ 1 EDITORIAL Religious Garb in Government Schools THE government of the United States, through an unfortunate incident, is face to face with a serious problem. In ta-king over certain Catholic Indian schools, the government took over with them the teachers theretofore employed in them without even the formality of a civil service examination to test the fitness of the teachers. Here was the first mis-take. The second was in permitting these teachers, government employees, to con-tinue to wear their religious dress and display religious insignia in the school-rooms. The situation was, in effect, this : the government was now maintaining and supporting Catholic schools instead of the Catholic Church having to sup-port them as heretofore. The same buildings were used, the same teachers employed, and the same religious garb and religious insignia were in evidence. To all appearances and for all practical purposes the schools were still religious schools, Roman Catholic schools, but supported by the government. Commissioner of Indian Affairs Rob-ert G. Valentine, recognizing the incon-gruity and the illegality of the situation, ordered that all teachers in the govern-ment employ should cease to wear relig-ious garb or display religious insignia in their schoolrooms. This order has cre-ated a great stir among Catholics, and President Taft revoked the order until such time as a hearing could be given to all parties concerned. We quote from the Outlook of March 3o the following very pertinent com-ments on the present situation : Š We see nothing on the face of Com- missioner Valentine's order which is not wholly in harmony with the essential principle of complete separation of church and state in education; but if the President believes that the order is not in harmony with this long-established principle, we are very glad that he has called for a full hearing. We urge a full attendance at the hearing of all those who are interested in government edu-cation. If it is impossible for the government of the United States to conduct Indian schools in which the principle of the sep-aration of church and state is absolutely maintained,Š not merely nominally but actually, not merely in letter but in spirit, Š then we believe that the whole system of government Indian schools should be abandoned. For it will be better for the country, Catholic and Protestant, to abandon its Indian schools and to turn them over to denominational missions or to private philanthropy than to jeopard-ize in the least degree the principle of the separation of church and state, upon which rests, in the last analysis, the relig-ious liberty of every denomination and of every individual. The welfare of the Indian is impor-tant, but far more important is the right of every American citizen to form his own theological beliefs without the aid, the advice, the influence, or the compul-sion of government. Concerning the same matter the United Presbyterian of February 29 says : Š We join with the great body of the Protestant people of the country in pro-test against the unbecoming and un-American admission of denominational and sectarian influence in the govern-ment schools. It is a fixed and settled principle in our national administration that the church and state are separate. It is an unwarranted intrusion. It be- 79 