UNIVERSITY OF WYOMING, FOUNDED 1887, MERICA, LL. D., PRESIDENT CHAS. 0. LIBERTY 41 we concerned with only one Sabbath, the. Sabbath of the Bible; and those who ac- cept the Scriptures as the divine revela- tion are not at liberty to read into them any other God than the personal God, the Creator, or to introduce any other Sabbath than the one Sabbath instituted by this same Creator. The Sabbath of the Bible is closely - related to the work of the Creator, and was instituted at the close of the creative week as a memorial of that created work. The record runs thus : Š " Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it : because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." By this act the seventh day, a partic-ular portion of time, was distinguished from all other days, and made to stand out in the divine calendar as the day of days. Inasmuch as it was through his Son as agent that God created all things (John I: 1-3), so it was in his Son that God rested upon the seventh day and blessed it. It is thus manifest that the Sabbath appointed at the close of the creative work was the Sabbath of Christ, the Christian Sabbath. So long as it remains true that the God of the Bible created all things in six days, and rested on the seventh day, so long will it be true " that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." In the popular discussion of this question we often hear of the American sabbath, the Jewish sabbath, the Continental sab-bath, etc. ; but as the God of the Bible is one God, so the Sabbath of the Bible is one Sabbath, " the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." This Sabbath of the Bible has been made to be a sign between the God of the Bible and the believers in the  Bible. Thus it is said in Ex. 31 : 17 : Š " It is a sign between me and the chil-dren of Israel forever: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was re-freshed." This sign is not a mere empty thing, and there has never been a time when its significance was more clear, and its bene-fit more needed, than in this generation. Another text will emphasize this fact : Š " And hallow my sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and,  you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God.-  Eze. 20: 20. See also Ex. 31 : 13. The Sabbath of the Bible is the estab-lished sign by which the believers in the Bible may know the God of the Bible as distinct from all other gods. Observ-ers of the holy Sabbath have a divinely appointed protection against the substi-tution of false gods for the one true and living God. If the Sabbath of the Bible had always been observed in the spirit of it, the knowledge of the God of the Bible would have been preserved among the people of the earth, and the effort to in-troduce false gods would have been fruit-less. And even now, the restoration of the true Sabbath will bring with it the restoration of the knowledge of the true God as against all polytheistic, panthe-istic, atheistic, or humanistic gods. These considerations will emphasize the meaning of the threefold message in which the original Sabbath of the Bible is given its place as the sign of the God of the Bible, the personal God who cre-ated the heavens and the earth. Washington, D. C. 