42 LIBERTY religion. A Christian should be ac-corded the same rights and privileges that are given to a Confucianist, a Mo-hammedan, or the follower of any other religious system. In all, civil affairs they are subject to the magistrate just as the adherents of any other system are. I hope that this liberty may always be granted them in China.Š The New Era, November, 1909. To Old Liberty Bell CLIFFORD G. HOWELL RING out, old bell, for liberty ! Let not the rent upon thy side Still deeper grow, and still more wide, Till men shall hear again the cry, " Away with Him ! " and " Crucify ! " And till the wound within the side Of him whom they have crucified Answers again that awful cry, " We have a law, and by our law He ought to die ! " Ring out, yes, ring for liberty ! This land sings thy nativity. Let not thy voice e'er silent be Till all thy sons for aye are free. Let not the wound upon thy side Far wider grow, and still more wide, Till men shall tread where once they trod Before the suff'ring Son of God. Too long has freedom sung her song For might to think that right is wrong. Too wide the doors of yore have swung To hang as mute her warning tongue. Down come the lessons of the past : Let priest and ruler stand aghast, Lest there be raised that midnight cry, " We have a law . . . he ought to die ! " Daylight, Tenn. Religious Intolerance in Chile E. W. THOMANN IT may be interesting to the readers of LIBERTY to hear a little as to the kind of religious liberty granted by Catholics when they have the power to have their own way. Here, in a place called San Felipe, we have a small company of believers  who used to come 'together for Bible study every Sabbath, and also some-times in the evening during the week. But the brother who owned the house in which they used to meet sold his house recently and moved to another locality. They then agreed to have meetings in their several dwellings, first in one place and then in another. But as they did not own the houses in which they lived, the house owners, being Cath-olics, agreed among themselves that unless these brethren would discontinue holding meetings in their dwellings, they would have to leave. So this poor company of believers in Christ can not have regular nor formal meetings even in their homes, although the national constitution grants permission to Prot-estants to worship God in their meeting-places and homes. This is but one of the myriad ways in which the intolerant spirit every-where found in connection with church and state union manifests itself. No one who calls himself a Protestant should ever advocate the union of re-ligion and the state in any form what-ever. There is enough persecution for God's children without putting the ma-chinery of the state into the hands of fanatical religionists who will make every possible effort to compel others to believe and worship as they do. Santiago, Chile. No Occasion for Humor C. E. HOLMES THE president of the University of Chicago, Harry Pratt Judson, LL. D., states that the enforcement of religious dogmas by law is of no more value than to fill one with a " sense of humor." In the August number of Religious Edu-cation he says:Š "We do not talk of ' toleration,' as was done in the time of English Will-iam of Orange Š the term seems to us itself to smack of bigotry. To us liberty of religious faith and practise is a com-monplace of social order, so well settled that we seldom think of it, more than we do of the air we breathe. To settle 