14 14  LIBER1 united as body and soul. The illustra-tion shows just to what extent the church and state are " distinct " in the Catholic mind. When the position here taken is ana-lyzed, it will appear that the principles advocated are in perfect harmony with the record of the church as exhibited in the history of the papacy. Popes have always claimed the right to dictate to kings and princes, and have not hesitated to hurl their anathemas against those who resisted these encroachments upon civil liberty. The principle that " the welfare of the state depends largely upon following the guidance of the church," when formulated in the light of history, means that the state is wholly subordinate to the church, and is to be administered in harmony with the wishes of popes and prelates. The Church as Arbiter Indeed, the claim is plainly made, in this lecture, that one of the purposes for which the church was established was that she might be a court of final appeal in determining the authority of the state. lAre quote again :Ñ As Christ certainly foresaw that it would perplex men at times to distin-guish what belongs to the state from what belongs to God, he could not have neglected to establish an authority as competent as himself, to adjust differ-ences, to settle disputes, to hold the bal-ance evenly between the citizen and the country, in judging all questions of con-science. For this purpose, Christ estab-lished a church. . . . The church, then, no more than Christ, was to learn from kings, emperors, presidents, or legisla-tures what is politically right or wrong, whether the laws of men are in viola-tion of the laws of God or not. On the contrary, they were to learn this from the church. Comparing now these quotations from the utterances of American Catholics with the official documents issued by the popes, it is clear that the principles  maintained are precisely the same, the only difference being that in America the principles are not applied, for the very good reason that Roman Catholics are not in control of the affairs of state. A Religio-Political Organization Another statement of the position of the Roman Catholic Church concerning the proper relation between the church and state is made in a sermon by Rt. Rev. James J. Hartley, Roman Cath-olic bishop of Columbus, and reported in the Ohio State Journal of March i. Some of the utterances in this sermon are very similar to those already quoted from other representatives of the Roman Church, but there are others which throw additional light upon the Catholic view. Here is one : Ñ The church also helps her children, by the religious training and education that she gives them, to fulfil their duties and obligations toward the state. Not only that, she is even obliged, when nec-essary, to resort to spiritual penalties to induce her subjects to perform their duties toward the state. This shows that the Roman Catholic Church claims the right to direct its communicants in the discharge of their duties as citizens, and that she assumes the prerogative of enforcing upon them her own interpretation of such duties. But any church which adopts this prin-ciple is a religio-political organization, mingling the ecclesiastical with the po-litical in a way to confound the proper spheres of the church and the state. This idea that it may sometimes be nec-essary for the church to come to the res: cue of the state is further developed in the same address in this way : Ñ Where the church and the state have common interests at stake, let there be an agreement well understood on both sides. In the hour of danger let them stand together as mother and child. In the illustration here used, the papal idea of the relation between the church 