LIBERTY 71 immunities from governmental interfer-ence are but different phases of " the very principle which brought about the settlement of our country; and although, at first, our Puritan ancestors endeav-ored to enforce their own religion or their own sectarian beliefs on others, that effort was soon given up, and the denial of any such attempt forms one of the corner-stones of the Declaration of In-dependence and the federal Constitu-tion."Š Frederick J. Stimson on the American Constitution, pages 84, 85. Mr. Justice Story has said: Š " It was under a solemn consciousness of the danger from ecclesiastical ambi-tion, the bigotry of spiritual pride, and the intolerance of sects, exemplified in our domestic as well as in foreign annals, that it was deemed advisable to exclude from the national government all power to act upon the subject. . . . It was im-possible that there should not arise per-petual strife and perpetual jealousy on the subject of ecclesiastical ascendency if the national government were left free to create a religious establishment."ŠCommentaries on the Constitution, sec. 1879. Again Von Holst says : Š " The principle of the separation of church and state is as completely carried out in the United States as it can be in any nation based upon law.Š Constitu-tional Law, sec. 74. And the Supreme Court has said : Š " The First Amendment to the Con-stitution . . . was intended to allow every one under the jurisdiction of the United States to entertain such notions [respecting,  religion] as may be approved by his judgment and his conscience, and to exhibit his sentiments in such form of worship as he may think proper, not injurious to the equal rights of others, and to prohibit legislation for the support of any religious tenets or the modes of worship of any sect"Š Davis vs. Bea-son, 133 U. S., 342. And again : Š " Religious freedom is guaranteed eve-rywhere throughout the United States  so far as Congressional interference is concerned." Š Reynolds vs. United States, 98 U. S., 145, 162. An admirable statement of the prin-ciple is that in Secretary of War Root's instructions to Governor Taft to be ob-served in the negotiations with the Vati-can for the purchase of the friars' lands in the Philippines : Š " One of the controlling principles of our government is the complete separa-tion of church and state, with the entire freedom of each from any control or interference by the other. This principle is imperative wherever American juris-diction extends, and no modification or shading thereof can be a subject of dis-cussion." Thus we are dealing with no mere policy susceptible of compromise with the expediency of the moment; it is a principle embedded in our federal and State constitutions Š a fundamental and inevitable premise in the consideration of any public problem to which it can be related. The Relation at the Principle to Public Education That the education of the youth is a real governtvental function, and that the public schools are the instruments of the state for the exercise of the function, scarcely need the saying. So much is universally accepted. This, of course, is not to say that the function may not be assumed independently by private per-sons or organizations. It may be and is. But with that fact we are concerned not at all Š not even with the doctrine that the state may if necessary impose on a private school certain standards. The all-sufficient fact here is that the particu-lar schools in question are all purely pub-lic schools conducted by the government of the United States for a public purpose. If the experiences of American life have shown anything,Š the experiences particularly of the nineteenth century at-tending the growth of the common-school system,Š they have shown that nowhere are the evils of any partnership between church and state more accentuated, no- 