LIBERTY 45 fused to conform to this Congressional regulation "? And what could be said of the statesmanship of those who, be-cause importuned by the clergy for such laws, would grant their request and pass the measure under the garb of a " police regulation "? It is no more contrary to both the letter and the spirit of the Con-stitution, to enact a law enforcing prayer, the observance of the Lord's supper, or baptism, than to enact a law enforcing the observance of the Lord's day. One is as constitutional as the other. In the enactment of such laws Congress is not merely establishing " police regula-tions," but is deciding a religious con-troversy. The state is interpreting the law of the most high God, and is enjoin-ing by civil law an ecclesiastical dogma in harmony with the opinion of the ma-jority. Such a course can but destroy the foundation of the nation, and kindle in this fair land a reign of religious in-tolerance. How Such Police Regulation Works in America In all the States of the Union, Cali-fornia excepted, Sunday laws are found on the statute-books. What is the re-sult of these so-called " police regula-tions " ? In numerous instances these " regulations " have simply been a weapon in the hands of bigots to perse-cute those who conscientiously differed with them on the question of Sabbath observance, a purely religious question. In fifteen of the States honest, indus-trious citizens have been prosecuted for working on Sunday, after having ob-served, as a day of rest, the day they understood the law of Jehovah com-manded. From 1885 to 1896 over one hundred Seventh-day Adventists in the United States and thirty in foreign countries were prosecuted for perform-ing quiet work on Sunday. Of these victims of modern medievalism four hundred fifty-five served time in chain-gangs along with men who were truly criminals. Armed with this " police regulation," a policeman, constable, or a sheriff has invaded the quietude of the homes of peaceable, God-fearing citizens, and brought them before courts. And for what?Š Simply for worshiping the God of their fathers according to the dictates of their conscience. It is rather a sav-age " police regulation " which makes honest toil a crime of sufficient turpi-tude to warrant the sending of Christian citizens to the chain-gang. It is the same kind of " regulation " that in the Dark Ages sent men to the dungeon and the stake. It is this wicked thing which stands as a blot upon the statute-books of the States, and which Congress is to-day asked to enact into law. What Is Involved in Such Measures It is folly to say that the Sunday bill now pending in Congress is harmless in its present form. The principle is there as truly as in a bill more stringent in its requirements. That which was said by the House of Representatives in 1830 when it refused to pass a similar meas-ure, is true of the Johnston bill now be-fore Congress : Š " If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for hu-man sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numerous the train, of measures which follow, involv-ing the dearest rights of all Š the rights of conscience." This so-called " police regulation " may be mild, but others will necessarily fol-low. Gibbon, the great historian, truly said:Š "It is incumbent on the authors of per-secution previously to reflect whether they are determined to support it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to extinguish ; and it soon becomes necessary to chastise the contumacy, as well as the crime, of the offender. The fine which he is unable or unwilling to discharge, exposes his per-son to the severities of the law; and his contempt of lighter penalties suggests the use and propriety of capital punishment." Š" Decline and Fall of the Roman Em-pire," chap. 37, par. 23. It will be a dark hour in the history 