4 LIBERTY to serve the Lord Christ. It is still true that " whoever is wrong, the persecutor can not be right." LET every reader of LIBERTY read the article in this issue entitled " A Modern Savonarola." It is long, and still we regret that we have had to compress it into the space which it now occupies. Much interesting matter has had to be deleted in order that we might be able to present in one article the connected story of this attempt to throttle free speech in America, and to use the proper laws of our government to abridge the religious freedom of the individual, and help an oppressive church to persecute the object of her ire. WHEN Archbishop Paul Bruchesi, of Montreal, the organizer of the Eucha-ristic Congress, was lauding the liberality of certain Protestants in helping to de-fray the expenses of the Congress, he asked': " Is this the awakening foretold by many? Is it a step toward doctrinal unity [between Protestants and Cath-olics] ? Are the old-time days return-ing? This is God's secret." It is, in-deed, an indication that professed Protestantism is weakening in its oppo-sition to Rome and her pretensions, and is bending toward her. A CORRESPONDENT thinks this maga-zine is out of its place in advocating temperance, while promulgating the prin-ciples of religious and civil liberty. He declares, however, that liquor and the enforced observance of Sunday are both of satanic origin. There stand we also, and opposed to the one as much as to the other. Both are wrong ; both should be opposed by every soul who values liberty of conscience and freedom from slavery to a debasing and ruinous habit. We are not necessarily yoking up with any polit-ical party in opposing these foes of good- ness and righteousness. The fact that " liquor belongs to Satan " is no reason why a Christian should not oppose it. SAID Rev. J. S. Martin, general super-intendent of the National Reform Asso-ciation, in an address at Winona Lake, Ind., on August 17, on the " Liberty of the Teacher:" "Among all the foes of our country we have none to fear even half so much as those who, in the name of religious liberty and of individual rights of conscience, are infringing upon the rights of the Christian people and of the state itself." Of course it is merely an arbitrary dictum of Dr. Martin's that they who have espoused the cause of religious liberty are therefore infringing upon the rights of Christians and the rights of the state itself ; for they are doing nothing of the kind. They are seeking to conserve the rights of all, and to warn the state, in its own interests, against infringing upon the rights of any, whether Christians or not. But the point is here : the National Reform As-sociation and its allies look upon the ad-vocates of religious liberty as among the worst foes of the nation. What does a nation do with its most dangerous foes? Š It puts them to death. When the Na-tional Reform Association and its allies have secured control of the state, the state will not be wanting some one to point out its most dangerous foes. Is National Reform ready to go the limit? The book of Revelation tells of a power that would arise and condemn to death those who would not perform a certain religious act. (See Rev. i3: 15.) Is the National Reform Association ready to play the part set for it by the prophet of the Apocalypse? There is no misun-derstanding the purpose of the National Reform Association, and there is no question about the certainty of the fulfil-ment of that prophecy. 