48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., FIRST QUARTER, 1908 Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 35 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TACOMA PARK STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, Mae I, loth, at the post office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1179. LIBERTY is now having a circulation of about sixty-five thousand copies an issue. All who receive this issue are invited to become regular readers. The terms of sub-scription are announced on this page. WE hope all our readers will be pleased with the new design for the front cover page. The symbolism is simple but ex-pressive Š the cap of liberty separating the symbols of the church from those of the state. Only with such a " friendly separa-tion " can there be liberty, peace, and pros-perity for both the church and the state. THE memorial on religious legislation which is printed on pages 16-21 in this issue of LIBERTY, is a document worthy of the serious study of all our readers. It is a dignified and forcible presentation of the views of those who, as Christians and friends of both the church and the state, are opposed to any alliance between relig-ion and government. This memorial was laid before the Senate by Senator Julius C. Burrows of Michigan, and presented in the House by Representative Richard Bar-tholdt of Missouri, on Jan. 29, 1908. The friends of religious liberty would do well to call the attention of their congressmen to the principles emphasized in this me-morial. ON Sunday, January 12, the clergy of nearly all the denotninations in the District of Columbia, Protestants and Catholics, ac-cording to previous arrangement preached sermons upon the subject of the observance of Sunday in the District. Some confined themselves to the religious phase of the question, while others vehemently de-manded legislation by Congress for the protection of the day. A Christian Ap- peal in Behalf of Sunday Observance" has been " prepared by the appointment of the Christian ministers of this city in confer-ence called by the Interdenominational Committee upon Sunday observance in the Capital," and is being circulated. We wel-come a frank and full discussion of the subject, but we strongly deprecate any at-tempt to secure from Congress a decision on this question in the form of a law which would compel the conscience. ON Monday, January 13, Mr. Lamar, of Missouri, introduced a Sunday bill (H. R. 13,471) into Congress Š the fourth since the opening of the present session. This bill is patterned after the Sunday law of the State of Missouri. In introducing the bill Mr. Lamar said that " every State in the Union has laws governing this subject, and the national capital certainly should have." Mr. Lamar should have made an honorable exception in favor of the State of California, upon whose statute-books there exists at present no Sunday law, al-though a vigorous effort was made to se-cure one at the last session of the legisla-ture. We may have occasion to refer to Mr. Lamar's bill in the next issue of LIB-ERTY. The following day, January 14, still another District Sunday bill (S. 3940) was introduced in the Senate, by Senator Johnston, of Alabama. making five Sunday bills introduced thus far in the present Congress. " WHEN the white man governs himself, that is self-government; but when he gov-erns another man, that is more than self-government,Š that is despotism."ŠA. Lin-coln. 