LIBERTY  33 say to men, Go fofth and plow, drag your corn rows, take your hoe and weed, and if perchance God Almighty should send his showers on Saturday night to loosen the clods, you can go out on Sunday morning and break them up. If this man is guilty and you acquit him, you can all go out and work on Sunday. I am sure my friend is a good lawyer, but we are not going to say here that the Sunday law must and will fall before the rights of one's conscience. In other words, that if a man believes he is doing right, he can do as did Rooker, and work on Sunday. If this man can go out in his field and work all day on Sunday, haven't these merchants a right to go clown and open their stores and sell? Ñ Yes, they have. I heard my friend say " persecution." I am too happy, too glad, that I am liv-ing to persecute anybody. That old word persecution was used way back yonder. That's got nothing to do with this case, because the law says if he does a certain thing it is a violation of the law, and I know what this jury is going to do. Not so long as the law of Tennessee is observed and twelve honest jurors sit in the box will this man be permitted a right to work on your sabbath, and never will any man be permitted to overrule the law. So much for this case, gentlemen of the jury. Take it and do with it as you see fit. I am glad that the lawmakers of Ten-nessee have seen fit to say that the first day of the week is the sabbath, and that it has been observed. I am glad that the good people in Humphreys County close their shops, their stores, their places of business ; they drop the plow in the fur-row, they turn old Beck loose in the pas-ture, and they go to church on that day and worship their Maker. We say to you, You can observe your Saturday, tao, if you will; but this day is holy, and is set apart to the people of the land, and shall be observed by every- body, and I thank God for that day, its blessings, and the sunshine that it brings to mankind. The Court to the Jury This indictment charges that the de-fendants, J. S. Rooker and Lyn Taylor, carried on the ordinary business of life  by working in the field openly so as to attract public attention. The defendant enters a plea of not guilty, and the jurors are to determine whether or not the defendant is guilty as charged in the indictment. The law states that the carrying on of one's ordi-nary business, if carried on so openly as to corrupt public morals, is a misde-meanor. The Sunday law says sthat if the accused conscientiously believe in observ-ing and observe Saturday rather than the first day as the Sabbath, they, as citizens of Tennessee, are bound by the law, and yet are not precluded from observing their own sabbath: The question to be determined is whether or not the defend-ant carried on his ordinary business of a farmer on Sunday, and did it openly so as to attract public attention and thereby create a nuisance, corrupting public morals. If the jurors believe that the defendant did in Humphreys County, Tennessee, openly and publicly carry on his ordinary work of a farmer by working in his field, . . . your report will be " Guilty," with-out more. But if you are in a reasonable doubt as to whether the defendant did carry on his ordinary work on Sunday, but believe it was an act of necessity to save his crop or property from injury or destruction, you will acquit, and your re-port will be " Not guilty." As to Lyn Taylor, your verdict will be " Not guilty," because there is no proof that he ordi-narily worked on Sunday. But the case of Mr. Rooker is a question of fact to be determined by the jury upon the law and facts of the case. The Verdict of the Jury Foreman of jury : The defendant is found guilty. Court: Are all the jurors agreed to this verdict? Jurors: Yes. Mr. Simmons : Your Honor, I had a talk with the defendant, and he has de-cided not to appeal to a higher court for a new trial, and he awaits your sentence. Court: My sentence is one dollar fine. Mr. Simmons: I thank Your Honor for your leniency in making the penalty so mild on behalf of the defendant. Court: I wish to state the reason why I was so lenient with the defendant. I 